366
THE CONGRESSION AL GLOBE.
March 26,
CAPITOL WATCHMEN.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, from the Committee
on the Judiciary, reported backHouse bill No.
79, to authorize the appointment of certain
watchmen, and for other purposes, with a rec-
ommendation that it do pass.
The'bill provides that the watchmen on the
dome of the Capitol, at th^ congressional sta-
bles, the gate-keeper and the watchmen of the
Capitol grounds be hereafter appointed by the
Sergeants-at-Arms of the Senate q,nd House,
and that the officers aforesaid be also author-
ized to appoint three additional watchmen, one
for each of the eastern porticoes and carriage-
ways under the same, each watchman so ap-
pointed to receive $1,000, payable on the order
of one of the Sergeants-at-Arms. The bill
appropriates the amount of money necessary to
pay said watchmen until the end of the present
fiscal year, and also to pay an additional lieu-
tenant andprivate of the Capitol police, author-
ized to be appointed by the Presiding Officers
of the two Houses of Congress." It further
authorizes the Sergeants-at-Arms to select a
pattern for a uniform for the Capitol police and
watchmen, and to furnish two suits of the same '
per year to each member of the force at a cost
not exceeding fifty dollars per suit; also the
necessary belt, arms, 4c., at a eostnot exceed-
ing twenty dollars per mail, the amount being
payable upon the certificate of the officers above
named, one half out of the contingent fund of
the Senate and one half outof that of the House
of -Representatives.
Section two authorizes the said Sergeants-at-
Arms to make such rules and regulations as
they may deem necessary to preserve the peace
and secure the Capitol from defacement and
for the protection of the .public property
therein, and confers power to arrest and de-
tain any person violating said rules until such
person can be brought before the proper author-
ities for trial without further order of Congress.
Section three repeals all laws inconsistent
herewith.
Air. l[OLMAN._ Asthi s bill lias not yet
been printed I raise the point of oider that
as it contains an appropriation it must first be
considered in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. 1 move that the rules
be suspended, in order that the bill may be
considered in the House at this time.
The question was taken on suspending the
rules; .and upon a division there were—ayes
30, noes ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. WoommmaE
and Mr. Hoi.man were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were-—ayes 57, noes 20.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. ROSS eallcd for the yeas and nays on
tliemotion to suspend the rules.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and there wore—ayes seven.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of the
last vote) the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The result of the vote was declared as above.
So (two thiuls voting in the affirmative) the
rules were suspended.
The question was upon ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I will state for the
benefit of gentlemen who oppose this bill on
the ground that it appropriates a large sum of
money, that it makes no appropriation except
for the pay of' three additional watchmen, and
for providing a uniform for the watchmen not
to exceed §100 per man, for each year. The
•whole appropriation, beyond that now provided
by law, will not exceed five or six thousand
dollars. Three additional watchmen, which it
seems to be necessary to have, are provided
for by this bill, namely, one at the eastern por-
tico of the Senate, one at the eastern portico
of the House, and one at the carriage-drives at
the eastern front of the Capitol. And these
watchmen are to be appointed by the Ser-
geants-at-Arms of the Senate and House, as
the policemen now are under a law passed at
the last session of Congress.
The bill also provides that these officers shall
appoint the additional lieutenant of police, and
the additional policeman authorized by the res-
olution of the last Congress, instead of having
them appointed by the President pro tempore,
of the Senate and the Speaker of the House,
as provided for by that resolution.
The bill also provides that these policemen
shall be uniformed at an expense of not more
than $100 each per year. Now, it seems to
me that this is a very proper, and indeed a
very important measure. Our policemen are
now scarcely distinguishable from any ordi-
nary citizen who may be passing through the
Capitol or about its grounds. In myjudgment,
they should have some distinguishing mark or
suitable .uniform, because in the first place it
gives them more influence and authority, as
they are more easily recognized; and in the
second place it gives them an esprit de corps,
which is useful in an organization of this kind.
This bill also provides that the amount neces-
sary to pay these additional expenses shall be
taken ono half from the contingent fund of
tlje Senate, and one half from the contingent
fund of the House. And it also provides that
when a disturbance or violation of rules occurs
in the Capitol or about the grounds, the Cap-
itol police may arrt-st the offender and detain
him in custody until he can be turned over to
the proper authorities for trial. This a very
important power to be exercised by our police,
if tliey are to be effective as police, in preserv-
ing the Capitol from defacement and the
grounds from injury.
It seems to me there is nothing in this bill
but what is necessary. If I am not mistaken,
and I am quite sure 1 am not, the bill meets
the unanimous approval of the Committee on
the Judiciary, who have examined it. It in-
volves the additional appropriation of only a
few thousand dollars. Indeed the only addi-
tional amount absolutely necessary under this
bill is for the uniforming of the police, which
will amount to from two thousand five hundred
to five thousand dollars ; not over $5,000 and
probably not a great deal over $2,500. I hope
this bill will meet with the approval of this
House.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill; and being taken, upon a division there
were—ayes 55, noes 30.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. HOLMAN called for the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and there were—ayes eight;
not one fifth of the last vote.
Mr. HOLMAN called for tellers upon order-
ing the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering tell-
ers; and there were—ayes eight; not one fifth
of a quorum.
So tellers were refused ; and the yeas and
nays were refused.
The bill was accordingly passed.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table. •
Tlic latter motion was agreed to.
ELECTION' CONTEST—■HOGAN VS. PILE.
Ihe SPEATvER laid before theHouse addi-
tional evidence in the contested-election case
of Ilogan vs. Pile: which was referred to the
Committee of Elections.
SUPPLEMENTARY RECONSTRUCTION ACT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
letter from the Clerk of the House, inclosing
the following communication from the Secre-
tary of State:
Department op Statu,
Washington, March 25,1867.
Sik; I liayc to acknowledge the receipt of your
letter of this date, transmitting an act of Congress
on titled An act supplementary to an act entitled'An
act to provido for the more efficient government of
the robeLStates,' passed March 2,18S7, and to facili-
tate restoration, which supplementary act is certi-
fied to have been passed on the 23d of Maroh, 1867,
by two thirds of both Houses of Congress, after it 1
had been returned to the Iloitse of Representatives,
in which it originated, by tho President, with his
objections. The act sliail be duly promulgated as one
of thelawsof the United States.
X am your obedient servant,
WILLIAM H. SEWARD.
Edward McPhersox, Esq.,
Clerk of the House of Representative?.
The SPEAKER. The letter wi'l be printed;
and the fact recorded upon the Journal offi-
cially for future reference.
COMPENSATION OF MEMBERS OP CONGRESS.
Mr. BOUTWELL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, reported back, with an amend-
ment in the form of a substitute, a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 39) to amend an act entitled
" An act to regulate the compensation of mem-
bers of Congress, approved August 16, 1856."
The joint resolution, which was read at length,
provides that the compensation allowed to
members of Congress by the act of August 10,
1856, and'the several acts and joint resolutions
amendatory thereof, shall be paid in the man-
ner following:
On the first day of the first session of each
Congress, or as soon thereafter as he may be
in attendance and'apply, each Senator, Rep-
resentative, and Delegate is to receive his mile-
age as now provided by law, and all his com-
pensation from the beginning of his term, to
be computed at the rate of $5,000 per year ;
and thereafter during the session and during
the ensuing adjournment, compensation at the
same rate to be paid monthly upon the order
of tho Senator, Member, or Delegate entitled
thereto; and on the first day of the second or
any subsequent session he is to receive his
mileage as now provided by law, and during
the said session, and the subsequent compeiv
sation at the same rate. But nothing con-
tained in the resolution is to be construed as
repealing the existing provision of law that no
mileage shall be paid for attendance at the
first sassion of any Congress to tho members
of the immediately preceding Congress.
The amendment reported by the Committee
on the Judiciary was read, as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert
the following:
That each Senator, member of the House cf Repre-
sentatives, and Delegate in Congress, after having
taken and subscribed the required oath, shall bo
entitled to receive his compensation at the end of
each month at the rate now established by law.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Iwasnotaware
that this bill had been eonsidei-ed by the Judi-
ciary Committee. It was introduced in the
House to-day after tho session commenced, and
I have had no notice of any meeting of the com-
mittee or of any consideration of this bill by
the committee.
Mr. BOUTWELL. It has been considered
by the committee. As the gentleman who
offered the resolution thought it necessary that
it should be acted on at once, a majority of
the members of the committee were consulted.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence]
was not in his seat at the time.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Very well. I
desire, however, to submit an amendment.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I will hear it.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. It is to add
the following as a new section:
And le it further enacted. That each Senator, Rep-
resentative, and Delegate in Congress shall bo al-
lowed and paid mileage, at the rate of ten cents per
mile, to bo estimated by the nearest route usually
traveled in going to and returning from each regular
session, but no constructive mileage shall be allowed
or paid.
Mr. BOUTWELL. That matter has not
been considered by the committee. I cannot
yield to allow the amendment to be offered.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
have I not the right to offer it?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts is entitled to the floor. Should he
relinquish the floor without calling the pre-
vious question, or should the previous question,
it called, be not sustained, an amendment will
be in order.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I give notice
that I shall offer that amendment if I should
