868
THE CONGKESSIOQSTAL GLOBE.
March 26,
gentleman is as familiar with the law as the
Chair.
Mr. BROOKS. If this should not go to the
Committee of the Whole, the gentleman ought
at least to give us time to read the bill in print
and know what it is. We have already been
obliged to repeal three or four acts of Congress
at the last session, and we are to have several
more repealed or modified. This is a most
dangerous mode of legislation.
Mr. BOUTWELL. In reply to the gentle-
man from New York, I have to say that the
bill reported by the committee is almost the
same as House bill No. 03, which has been in
print several days.
Mr. BROOKS. There are very serious
changes.
Mr. BOUTWELL. The alteration is in the
first section, which has been reported by the
committee in manuscript. As far as the ex-
penditures are concerned, they will be the
same under the bill as they now are under the
existing law. We have by law three solicitors,
each receiving §3,500 a year, making $10,500.
This bill differs in this: that it makes the sal-
ary of the chief solicitor $4,000; of the first
assistant, $3,500, and of the second assistant,
$3,000, making in all $10,500—just what is
appropriated at the present time. The only
real difference in this bill is that it authorizes
the appointment of two clerks, where only
ono is allowed by the existing law.
The advantage to be derived from this bill is
a practical one, with reference to the adminis-
tration of the Executive Departments of the
Government and with reference to economy
also. At present the Executive Departments
of the Government have legally no communi-
cation with the solicitors for the Court of
Claims. The consequence is when great causes
are tiicre pending, involving to the extent' of
hundreds of thousands and millions of dollars,
there is no responsible channel of communica-
tion between any of the Executive Departments
of the Government and the solicitors in this
court,, on whose integrity and ability the finan-
cial interest of the country, in a very large
degree, depend. By this bill the solicitors of
the Court of Claims are made a bureau in the
office of the Attorney General, and he is,
charged with the general control of their pro-
ceedings. Through the Attorney General a
means of communication is established with
all the Departments of the Government, they
communicating with him, and he being directly
responsible for the manner in which those
duties are performed.
in reference to the salaries, I may say that
if I could have my own way in reference to
this matter I would establish the office of so-
licitor for the Court of Claims with a salary of
not less than $0,000 a year ; because hereafter,
for the next few years at least, undoubtedly
the,first, talent of the country is to bo employed
in this court. Great and important interests
are there pending, and the country should be
represented by the best counsel at its com-
mand. But with the present feeling as to sal-
aries. the committee have reported the sum of
$4,000, trusting that the increase of $500 may
enable us at least to gain something in respect
to talent—I suppose nothing will be gained in
respect to integrity—for the protection of the
interests of the Government.
We have made a change in one particular,
and 1 do not conceal it from the House ; I
state it with great frankness. By the operation
of this bill the present solicitors are removed
from their offices, and the Court of Claims
itself is authorized to appoint three solicitors;
which, upon the whole, was thought to be the
most judicious way of proceeding i.n this mat-
ter. The judges of the Court of Claims, in a
certain sense, represent the Government judi-
cially.^ They are bound in honor, as well as
by their oaths of office, to see to it that every-
thing done in their courts is well and faithfully
done. And, upon the whole, we thought it the
wisest "way, as we could properly do it under
the Constitution, to charge that court with the
duty of appointing these officers;
I believe I have now stated to the House
all the changes involved in the bill reported
by the committee.
Mr. BROOKS. My great objection to this
mode of legislation is the utter impossibility
for members of the House to comprehend a
bill presented for action. While 1 have the
greatest respect for the gentleman frgm^Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Boutwekl] and the committee
of which he is a member, yet it is none the less
for our own self-respect that we should be
enabled to understand that upon which we are
called upon to vote, so as to bo able to explain
the reasons for our own votes to the people
who are our constituents. Now, let me sug-
gest -what will be the probable consequences
of this mode of legislation. We have already
passed bills at this session to repeal three or
four of the laws passed near the close of the
last session of Congress..
Mr. BOUTWELL. The gentleman will par-
don me; but the morning hour is about expir-
ing, and if I do not get the previous question
seconded and the main question ordered before
the end of the morning hour the bill will have
to go over until to-morrow. The necessity for
the passage of this bill is pressing; the finan-
cial interests of the country will be endangered
by allowing the present condition of things to
continue. I must therefore ask the gentle-
man to excuse me while I resume the floor and
call the previous question upon this bill. After
the main question is ordered I will again yield
to the gentleman.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I now yield again to
the gentlemau from New York, [Mr. Brooks.]
Mr. BROOKS. What I was about to say,
and what I wish to particularly call to the
attention of the majority of this House, is the
consequence of this dangerous mode of legis-
lation, without thorough consideration by the
great body of the members of this House, of
important bills like this. For example, the
wool-tariff bill, which passed during tlie closing
hours of the last session of the Senate, anil
which had previously passed the House with
little or no consideration, is already found at
the Treasury Department to bo a bill which it
is impossible to execute. And in the course
of to-day or to-morrow there will probably be
a proposition presented by some member on
the other side of the House for essential
amendments and alterations of that very im-
portant bill. The bill was passed under the
operation of the previous question, without
explanation or consideratiqn.
Now,^ let me suggest to gentlemen on the
other side of the House who are responsible
for the laws that are passed here, and who do
not, by these constant changes and alterations
of their own laws, occupy that attitude before
the public which is desirable, that with these
precedents before us it is necessary that we
should be exceedingly careful of the mode
and ma.nner in which we proceed. Here is
a most important bill, a bill changing the or-
ganization of the Court of Claims, extending
its sphere, enlarging its mode.of operation;
and yet the nature and character of the bill
we are called upon to take altogether upon
trust. Now, sir, I am willing to take as much
upon trust as any one ; but I am not willing
to be a.mere instrument for the enactment of
laws without being able to read and compre-
hend them. I trust that the bill will be allowed
to go over till to-morrow morning; and if be-
fore that time we do not sufficiently educate
ourselves as to the provisions of the bill, it
will be the fault of the individual members,
not the fault of the House of Representatives.
Mr. VAN TRLTMP. Will the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Boutwell] yield to
mo for a few moments ?
Mr. BOUTWELL. Yes, sir.
_ Mr. VAN TRUMP. Mr. Speaker, in addi-
tion to what has been suggested by the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Bkooks,] there is
another consideration which makes it very es-
sential that further time should be allowed for
the examination of this bill. If I understand
the bill, it transfers to the offrce of the Attor-
ney General the management of the business
of the Government in the Co.urt of Claims,
establishing a new bureau in that office. Now,
we all know that since the termination of the
war so many new questions have arisen that
the office of the Attorney General is entirely
overrun with business, subjecting the' office to
a greater responsibility than is desirable. The
Attorney General is the legal adviser of all the
other departments of the Government, and it
seems to me unwise to increase the amount of
business requiring his attention. The-gentle-
man from New York has very properly ob-
jected to hasty legislation upon a question of
this kind. For myself I should like to have
time to examine the question ; and other mem-
bers -I have no doubt would be glad to have the
same opportunity.
Mr. BOUTWELL.' Mr. Speaker, all the
provisions of this bill with reference to the
jurisdiction of the court have been in print for
a week, and constructively upon the desks of
members. The facts suggested by the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Van Trump] touching the
Attorney General's department are the reasons
which controlled the committee in favor of
placing this bureau in the office of the Attor-
ney General. We propose to provide the ad-
ditional force by which the business of the
bureauis tobe performed. Itis to be transacted,
to be sure, under the direction of the Attorney
General; but the chief advantage will be that
the Executive Departments of the Government
will have responsible means of communicating
with the bureau of the solicitors of the Court
of Claims. At the present time, under the
existing law, the Attorney General takes charge
of all causes carried by appeal from the Court
of Claims to the Supreme Court of the United
States. Therefore his duties will not be in-
creased by the passage of this bill. The bill
contains no provision extending the jurisdic-
tion of the Court of Claims. The judgments
of the court are to be paid in no different man-
ner from that now provided for.
Deeming it unnecessary to detain the House
longer with this subject, I call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered and under the opera-
tion thereof the substitute proposed by the
Committee on the Judiciary was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
On the passage of the bill, there were—ayes
62, noes 21.
So the bill was passed. ""
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move to amend the
title of the bill so as to read, "An act placing
the solicitor and assistant solicitors of the Court
of Claims in the department of the Attorney
General, and for other purposes."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BOUTWELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
USE OF TIIE HALL FOR A LECTURE.
Mr. BUTLER. I move to suspend the rules
to offer the following resolution :
Resolved, That the use of the Hall of tho House
of Kepresentatires.be granted to the Young Men's
Christian Association of Washington, District of Co-
mmbia, for the lecture of Theodore Tilton, Esq., on
Thursday night, March 28th, instant. -
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
by the rule of the House the Speaker is prohib-
ited from entertaining any proposition granting
the use of the Hall except for legislative pur-
poses and for meetings in which members of
the House participate. The gentleman might
modify the resolution so as to provide for a
meeting in which members of the House of
Representatives shall take'part. If so modi-
fied, the rules could be suspended for the in-
troduction of the resolution.
