1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. BUTLER. T modify tile resolution in
the manner suggested by the Speaker, and
move to suspend the rules.
On the motion there were—ayes noes 40.
* So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
business on tiie speaker's table.
Mr. BROOMALL moved that the House
proceed to the. consideration of business on
the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
increase of the patent office force.
The first Business on the Speaker's table
were the following amendments of the Senate
to House bill No. 28, to increase the-force of
the Patent Office.
Strike out the following sections :
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Com-
missioner of Patents is authorized to appoint, by and
wim the approval of the Secretary of the Interior, a
solicitor of the PatentOffi.ee, who shall be considered
its law officer, whose salary shall be $3,000 per
annum, to be paid from the patent fund, and whose
duty it shall be to render all reasonable aid iirthe
transaction of the business of said office thatmay be
required of him by the said Commissioner.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That the salary
of the first assistant examiners and disbursing clerk
shall be $2,000, anrttha salary of the librarian shall
be S2,500, which shall be in full for his services as
translator and librarian.
Amend the title by striking- out "and for other pur-
poses."
Mr. MYERS. I move that the amendments
of th'e Senate be concurred in. I hope those
sections will be enacted into law when Con-
gress again meets. lam sorry that they have
been struck out by the Senate. * %
The amendments were concurred in.
Mr. MYERS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendments of the Senate were
concurred in; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
claims of northern creditors*
The next business on the Speaker's table
were amendments of the Senate to House joint
resolution No. 1, relative to claims of certain
northern creditors.
The preamble and joint resolution were read,
as follows:
Whereas the congress of the confederate States
ordered the sequestration and confiscation of all the
debts due from inhabitants of the southern States to
their creditors residing in the loyal States; and
whereas there was paid to the Citizens' Bank of New
Orleans, prior to the 1st day of May, 1862, a sum
exceeding half a railJion dollars, the proceeds of such
confiscation of northern credits, of which there
remained to the crcdit of the confederate States
receivers, in such bank, the sum of $219,090 94 only, on
the 1st day of May, at the time of the occupation of
the city of New Orleans by the forces of the United
States, which said sura, by the order of the general
then commanding: the department of the Gulf, was
b seized for tho benefit of the northern crcditois whose
" debts had been thus confiscated, and baid &um was
by him sent to the Secretary of the Treasury of the
United States, to be by him. held in trust for the
benefit of said northern creditors; and whereas
owing to a doubt entertained by the Secretary of tho
Treasury as to his le^al authority to distribute said
sum of $219,090 94 among the creditors to whom it
belongs, and to determine the rights of each to his
portion thereof, the money has lain thus undisturbed
in the Treasury since July. 1862, to the great injury
and detriment of the just and lawful owners thereof,
although they have made many applications to have
(he same; Now, therefore,
_ Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States o/ America %n Congress assem-
bled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and
hereby i^, authorized to appoint a commission of
three persons, one of whom shall be learned in the
lav.', to hear and determine the various claims of the
parties who are entitled to said sum of $219,090 94,
rat ably amon? the persons who shall present their
claims and be entitled thereto, to an amount not
exceeding the claim of each when confiscated, with
intorest thereon: Provided, That any claim which
shall not be presented within three months after
public noticeot ameeting of commissioners to receive
such claim shall not bo allowed or paid by order of
said commissioners : And provided further. That the
cost of said commission shall be paid out of said
money.
Amendments of the Senate :
Strike out all after "of" in line eleven of the pre-
amble to " only" in Iiue thirteen, and insert in lieu
tin reof" $178,897 50."
Strike out all after of" m \111e twenty-two of the
preamble to "among"' in line twenty-three, and
insert in lieu thereof "$178,897 50."
Page 2, strike out all after "to ' m line three to the
4-Oth Coxa. 1st Sess.—No. 24.
end of the resolution, and insert in lieu thereof the
following:
Take and report to Congress evidence in support
of the claims of the several parties whose debts were
sequestrated and contributed to produce said sum of
$178,897 50, together with the date at which such debts
were contracted and the interest accrued thereon to
the date of said report: Provided, That the said com-
mission shall give public notice of the time and place
at which said claims shall be presented by advertis-
ing the same in some newspaper published in each
of the cities of Boston, New York, Philadelphia, and
New Orleans for three months; and no claim shall be
considered unless it shall be presented at or before
tho time so advertised- And provided further, That
the cost of said commission shall be paid out of said
money.
Mr. BUTLER. All those amendments are
only for the proper working of the resolution;
and I move that they be concurred in.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I think the
House does not perfectly understand what this
is. As I understand it lias not been referred
to any committee of this House, although it
deals with large sums of money. It seems to
me a bill involving such consequences ought
to be considered, and I hope it will not be
allowed to pass without careful consideration
so that the country may be secured against all
loss.
Mr. BUTLER. If the gentleman had lis-
tened to the preamble and resolution he would
have seen that it was sent to the Senate from
this House after consideration here. It con-
cerns certain claimants to money sent from
New Orleans by the commanding general of
that department to the Treasury arising from
the proceeds of confiscated debts. It is a fund
in the Treasury that belongs to those loyal
creditors, and this bill only provides for a com-
missioner under the direction of the Secretary
of the Treasury to settle that matter. The
amendment of the Senate is that the commis-
sion shall report to Congress so that it can
have the whole matter in charge after the
report is made.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I would in-
quire whether this bill has received the con-
sideration of any committee of this House?
Mr. BUTLER. Not to my knowledge.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I think I un-
derstand this plan of getting measures of this
sort through. Having first thc^eports of offi-
cers of the Government, the legislation neces-
sary to carry out their recommendations fol-
lows. Now, this particular case may bo all
very proper. I do not undertake to say it is
not, but I do say that it seems to me a meas-
ure of the importance which this apparently is
ought to go to some committee of the House.
Mr. BUTLER. I entirely concur with the
gentleman, and I move to refer it to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, of which he is a mem-
ber. Five minutes of explanation, I am sure,
will induce the gentleman to report in its favor.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. That is a sen-
sible remark.
The resolution was accordingly referred to
the Committee on the J udiciary.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed without amendment joint resolution of
the House No. 21, relative to the issue of
agricultural college scrip to the States lately in
rebellion.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed joint resolution of the House
No. 1, relative to the claims of certain north-
ern creditors, with an amendment, in which the
concurrence of the House was requested :
It further announced that the Senate had
passed the following bills, in which the con-
currence of the House was requested:
An act (S. No. 114) amendatory of the or-
ganic act of Colorado Territory; and
An act (S. No. 112)_to incorporate the Lin-
coln Monument Association.
sale of government warehouses.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the consideration ot Senate bill No. 80, to
authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to sell
the Government warehouses on Atlantic dock,
Brooklyn, New York; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill authorizes the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, in his discretion, to sell the property on
Atlantic dock, Brooklyn, New York, being
warehouses Nos. 54, 56, and 58, now owned by
the Governmentj the sale to be made at public
auction to the highest and best bidder therefor
in ready money, after giving notice thereof six
weeks in succession in two daily papers printed
in the city of New York. And upon sale being
made as aforesaid the said Secretary of the
Treasury is authorized andempoweredto make,
execute, and deliver to the purchaser thereof a
good and sufficient deed for the preiuises, con-
veying all the right, title, and interest of the
United States.
Mr. VAN WYCK. The three warehouses
mentioned in this bill have not for the last ten
years, except in one or two instances where
condemned cotton was stored during the war,
been required nor used by the Government at
all. The buildings are going into decay. . All
that the Treasury Department can do is to
rent them ; and in order to make them suita-
ble for renting some five or ten thousand dol-
lars will have to be immediately expended.
I have letters in my possession, which 1 will
have read if any member desires it, from the
supervising architect of the Treasury De-
partment and from the Secretary of the Trea-
sury himself, showing that these buddings will
not be required for the use of the Government.
Therefore, as a matter of economy, it is advis-
able that the property be sold.ana the money
put into the Treasury of the United States.
Tho bill was road the third time, and passed.
Mr. YAN WYCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
tabfe.
The latter motion was agreed to.
orlef 1!. dreutzer.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the consideration of Senate bill No. 89,
for the relief of Orlef E. Dreutzer, late con-
sul of the United States to the kingdom of
Norway; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to tho Committee on For-
eign Affairs.
enrolled joint resolution signed.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled a joint
resolution (S. It. No. 39) concerning the uni-
form of persons in tho diplomatic service of
the United States ; when tho Speaker signed
the same.
choctaw and chickasaw indians.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the consideration of Senate joint resolu-
tion No. 18, for the sale of certain stocks held
in trust for the Choctaw and Chickasaw In-
dians : which was read a first and second time.
Mr.'WINDOM. I desire that resolution to
be put upon its passage.
Mr. ALLISON. It. is an important bill.
Mr. WINDOM. I ask it to be reported.
The joint resolution was read. Tho first sec-
tion authorizes the Secretary of the Interior
to pay the claims of certain Choctaw and Chick-
asaw Indians, and other loyal persons, as are
provided for in the forty-ninth and fiftieth arti-
cles of the treaty concluded with the Choctaw
and Chickasaw Indians on the 28th of April,
18GG, and for that purpose authorizes him to
sell such of the stocks held by the United States
in trust for the benefit of those Indians as ho
may deem expedient and proper; provided that
no sale shall bo made of any stocks issued by
the State of Indiana, nor shall any stocks be
sold for less than the par value thereof, and no
further sale of said stocks shall be made than
may be necessary to pay said claims ; and pro-
vided further that no such stocks shall be sold,
and no money shall be paid on such claims,
unless the Secretary of the Interior shall have
first examined and ratified or approved the
awards made by commissioners, as stipulated
