370
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
in the forty-ninth and fiftieth articles of said
treaty; and provided further, that nothing con-
tained in this act shall be construed as recom-
mending for his approval any awards already
made under said treaty; and provided further,
that the amount realized from the sale of said
stocks shall be reinvested in United States
stocks out of any money that may be found
due said tribe on the first settlement with said
tribe.
The second section provides that if the Sec-
retary of the Interior shall not approve or con-
firm the awards already made, the President
shall, on being notified thereof, appoint other
commissioners, who shall take testimony and
report as provided by the terms of the said
treaty; and the President may fix the times
and places for the meeting of said commis-
sioners for taking testimony on the claims pre-
sented ; and the Secretary of the Interior is
required to pay the amount of award due to
each Indian in person, and no part thereof
shall be paid to any assignee, agent, or attor-
ney.
Mr. WINDOM obtained the floor.
Mr. SCOPIELD. I desire to move to refer
this bill to its appropriate committee.
Mr. WINDOM. I cannot yield for that pur-
pose at present. I will explain to the House
what this bill is, and then if it is the desire of
the House to refer the bill they can do so.
Mr. BALDWIN. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman a question.
Mr. WINDOM. Very well.
Mr. BALDWIN. I desire to know whether
the gentleman proposes to allow an opportunity
for a motion to refer this bill to a committee
or for any other action than the immediate
passage of the bill?
Mr. WINDOM. I shall call the previous
question after I have explained the bill t,tf*the
House. If they do not wish to pass tlie bill,
after having heard the explanation, then as a
matter of course they will not vote to sustain
the call for the previous question.
Mr. KOONTZ. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman if this bill floes not propose to meet
claims which the House at the last session
refused to put in the deficiency bill?
Mr. WINDOM. It is an entirely different
proposition.
Mr. UPSON. Is it not connected with tlie
same claim?
Mr. BUTLER. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a few moments?
Mr. WINDOM. Certainly.
Mr. BUTLE1J. 1 understand this bill to
provide for the sale of the bonds of the school
fund of the Choctaws and Cliickasaws, for the
purpose of paying loyal Indians and others for
the losses of property sustained by them in
consequence of the rebellion. It has been the
uniform decision of Congress iiot to reimburse
even white loyalists who have lost their prop-
erty through the rebellion, because the claims
would be so enormous that the Treasury could
not meet them. Now, I do not see why we
should authorize the sale of the bonds of these
Indians, in order to reimburse these loyal In-
dians, many of whom are nearly white. No
doubt they can produce the best kind of record
of their loyalty; about such a record as we
should probably get in any case presented by
a white loyal claimant.
I know it will be said by my friends that
there is a treaty in regard to this matter, one
made last August. The Choctaws and Chick-
asaws are here by their delegates, saying that
this bill ought not to pass, protesting against
it. I am informed that a proposition some-
thing like this failed in the last Congress; it
was a proposition of some kind to get at the
money of these Indians.
Now, all I ask is that this bill shall take the
course which I yielded to allow my own bill to
take a few moments since: be sent to some
committee of the House to be fully and
thoroughly investigated. If it is sent to (he
committee of which my friend from Minnesota
[Mr. Wisdom] was and probably will be chair-
man—I do not know a better committee in the
world if the other members are like its chair-
man—I will be content to take hi's report. But
I want him, on his responsibility as chairman
of the committee, to assure me after full in-
vestigation that the bill is right.
I am always very doubtful when I hear any-
body say anything about getting something
from the Indians or for the Indians. But I am
especially troubled when I hear that $350,000
of the bonds of the Indian fund which'this bill
calls for is to be sold and the money to be
divided among the Indians, whether loyal or
disloyal.
%r. WINDOM. I certainly have 110 feel-
ing in this matter, and do not desire to press
this bill, unless the House are willing to pass
it. There is an evident misunderstanding in
reference to this matter, as indicated by the
several questions which have been addressed
to me.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Koostz] on my right, asks if this is not the
same claim which was defeated in the deficiency
bill in the last Congress. As I stated a mo-
ment ago, it is a very different proposition.
That bill, I think, proposed to pay some one
million eight hundred thousand dollars to these
Chickasaws and Choctaws. This provides that
the Chickasaws and Choctaws shall pay the
debt which they have bound themselves by
treaty stipulations to pay; that the disloyal
Indians shall pay the damages which they have
inflicted upon the loyal Indians belonging to
their tribes. And it is the loyal Indians of
this nation who appear here and demand the
fulfillment of those treaty stipulations.
I will state very briefly the facts of the case.
On the 28th of April, 1866, a treaty was entered
into between the Chickasaw and Choctaw na-
tions and the United States, whereby the Gov-
ernment agreed to forgive their past offenses
and to pay them the debts which were due
them. Among the considerations for this con-
cession on the part of the United States was
the stipulation that these Chickasaws and Choc-
taws should make compensation for the dam-
ages which had been done by them to the loyal
Indians in their midst. A clause was inserted
in the treaty providing for a commission to be
sent to the Chickasaw and Choctaw nations, to
take the proof of damages inflicted by the dis-
loyal upon the loyal Indians. In making this
treaty it was proposed that the Government
should stand by its friends who had stood by
it during the rebellion ; and the expectation
was that while we conferred certain benefits
upon the Chickasaw and Choctaw nations, we
would compel them to stand by their agree-
ments in the treaty and pay for the damages
which they had inflicted upon our friends there.
Let me read, Mr. Speaker, the provision of
the treaty:
"And it is further agreed that a commission to con-
sist of a person or persons to be appointed by the
President of the United States shalt be appointed
immediately on the ratification oi this troaty, wlio
shall take into consideration and determine the claim
of such Choctaws and Chickasaws as allege that they
have boon driven duriug thelatercbellionfrom their
homes in the Clioctaw and Chickasaw nations, on
account of their adhesion to the United States, for
damaxes, with power to make such award as ma.v be
consistent with equity and good conscienec, taking
into view all the circumstances, whose report when
ratified by the Secretary of the Interior shall be
final, and authorize the payment of the amountfrom
any monevs of said nations in the hands of the United
States as the said commission may award.
Now, there are, I believe, no moneys of
these nations in the hands of the United
States; but there are bonds amounting, I
think, to about one million s^yen hundred
thousand dollars. The Secretary of the Inte-
rior does not feel that under existing law he
has the right to sell those bonds; and this bill
proposes simply to authorize the sale of a por-
tion of the bonds in order that the awards of
these commissioners, when confirmed by the
Secretary of the Interior, may be carried out.
and these loyal Indians paid. This, as 1 un-
derstand, is the whole of the bill, except the
additional provision that the money shall be
paid only to the Indian claimants themselves,
not to agents.
Mr. ALLISON. Will the gentleman yield
for an inquiry ?
Mr. WINDOM. Certainly.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to obtain some
information in relation to this bill. As I
understand the provisions of the treaty these
bonds are now held by the United States as a
trust fund for the benefit of the Choctaw and
Chickasaw nations; and the amount of these
bonds, as I understand, is $1,700,000. Am I
correct?
Mr. WINDOM. That is about the amount.
Mr. ALLISON. Now, it seems to me there
may be a question whether or not tie entire
amount of those bonds is not forfeited to the
United S|ates from the fact that those Indian
tribes engaged in the rebellion against the
Government.
Mr. WINDOM. Let me say right here in
reference to that question that the bonds were
forfeited until this treaty was ratified between
the United States and these Indians. By the
treaty all forfeitures were revoked, a part of
the'conditions of the revocation being that
these Indians should pay the debts which they
owed for damages inflicted upon loyal Indians
in their midst.
Mr. ALLTSON. The section which the gen-
tleman has read provides that these damages
shall be paid out of any moneys in the hands
of the United States belonging to these Indians.
Now, if the United States should undertake
to interfere with this special trust fund and
sell a portion of these bonds for the purpose
of paying these claims, will not the next prop-
osition 011 tlfe part of these Indians be that
Congress shall reimburse them for the bonds
thus sold? If 1 recollect aright the provision
of the bill, it specially provides that there shall
be a reimbursement of these bonds or a rein-
vestment of them.
Mr. WINDOM. I recollect no provision of
that kind.
Mr. ALLISON. I think there is a provision
of that kind ; so that if we sell these bonds we
will be compelled toTeinvest an equal amount
in other bonds.
Mr. WINDOM. I ask the Clerk to read %
provision.
The Clerk read as follows:
And provided further, That the same amount real-
ized^ from the sale of said stocks shall be reinvested
in United States stocks out of any money which shall
be found to be due to said tribe on the final settle-
ment with said tribe.
Mr. WINDOM. That is a different prop-
osition.
Mr. ALLISON. It is a different proposition,
and it involves the question whether the United
States is or is not indebted to these Choctaws
and Chickasaws. I recollect on the last night
of the session that we had a long discussion on %
a proposition to pay these Indians the sum of
$1,800,000. It was then proposed to pay
money to these Indians, but as that did not
pass, it is now proposed to pay these Indians
in the way provided for in the pending measure.
Mr. WINDOM. I am glad the gentleman
asks these questions, for it is very evident that
he needs information.
Mr. ALLISON. Yes, sir; I do desire in-
formation so as to vote on this question cor-
rectly ; and I do not propose to vote for it
until I do understand it.
Mr. WINDOM. The proposition at tlie
close of the Thirty-Ninth Congress, as I stated
before, was to pay the Choctaw nation a. cer-
tain debt claimed to be due to them under this
treaty. I then myself objected to that, and
alleged, among other grounds why it should
not be paid, that they had refused to pay their
debts to the loyal Indians. And these are
debts to the loyal Indians.
Mr. ALLISON. It is proposed, then, that
we shall reinvest the same amount in other
bonds of the United States.
Mr. WINDOM. This bill docs not in any
way eommit.the House on that question. It
says that if anything shall be found due to these
Indians, then the amount shall be reinvested in
these bonds. Of course if nothing is fo md to
