37
Q
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
call for the previous question; and there were—
ayes 35, noes 39; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Messrs. Scofield and
WlNDOM.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes thirty-one, noes not counted.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I move that the
bill be ordered to be referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs when appointed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ROSS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was ordered to be referred; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
chester, pennsylvania.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 96) to establish a port of
delivery at Chester, Pennsylvania ; which was
read a first and second time. *
Mr. CHANLER. I move that the House
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and thereupon
(at three o'clock and forty minutes*p. m.) the
House adjourned.
PETITION.
The following petition was presented under tho
rule, and referred to tho appropriate committee:
By Mr. OKTJI: The petition of E. II. Baldwin and
others, pilots in United States Navy, praying forrolief.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 27, 1867.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
message erom the house.
A message from tho House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPheuson, its Clerk, announced
that tho House had agreed to tho amendments
of the Senate to tho bill (II. R. No. 28) to
increase the force in the Patent Office, and for
other purposes.
The message also announced that it had passed
the bill of the Senate No. 80 to authorize
the Secretary of the Treasury to sell Govern-
ment warehouses on Atlantic dock, Brooklyn,
New York.
The message further announced that the
House had passed a bill (II. R. No. 03) pla-
cing the solicitor and assistant solicitor of
the Court of Claims in the Department of the
Attorney General, and for other purposes, in
which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
tjnion pacific railroad.
Mr. THAYER. I ask tho unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to permit a telegram to be
read at the desk which I received last evening
from the general manager of the Union Pacific
railroad, giving some information in reference
to the subject under discussion yesterday morn-
ing. It will take but a moment.
There being no objection, the Secretary read
the following telegram:
New York, March, 18G7.
Work has not been suspended on the Union Pacific
railroad west of Omaha. Extreme cold weather and
snow prevents laying track, but we were never doing
more in accumulating material and getting it to the
end of the track. We have now on hand the iron
and ties for one hundred and fifty miles, and I will
pledge myself to complete two miles a day for the
first one hundred working days after the frost is out
of the ground. Any investigation can only result
to our credit, for we have built more road in a
given time than was ever done before, and propose
accomplishing more this year. We are not asking
any legislation.
THOMAS C. DURANT,
Vice President Union Pacific llailroad.
General Thayek, United States Senate.
senator brom maryland.
Mr. HOWARD. I rise to present certain
papers which I hold in my hand in relation to
the ease of Philip P. Thomas, a gentleman
whose credentials were presented to the Sen-
ate a few days ago, and referred to the Judi-
ciary Committee of this body for examination.
When that matter was before the Senate many
members of this bqdy objected to the refer-
ence, because they said there was nothing
specific alleged against Mr. Thomas into
which it was proper to ask the Judiciary Com-
mittee to inquire. It is v^ery true that at that,
particular time there was nothing very definite
before this body in regard to the gentleman.
I now ask leave of the Senate to present, for
the purpose of referring it to the committee, the
annual statement of the Bank of Commerce in
New York, dated March 12, 1862, addressed
to their shareholders. In order to show what the
character of this communication is, the Sen-
ate will allow me to read a passage from it.
The statement is made' out and signed by the
president and cashier of the Bank of Com-
merce, and in tho document they observe :
"Up to tho close of December of the eventful year
1860 the interest on the stocks of the United States
falling due on the 1st of January succeeding had
been, for the first time, left unprovided for by both
Howell Cobb, Secretary of the Treasury, and Philip
]?. Thomas, his temporary successor in that olEce.
No efficient measures to make seasonable provision
therefor had been taken by either, and the funds in
the Treasury here"—
That is, in New York—
"which might and should have been reserved to be
applied to thff payment, of this interest, were drawn
and appropriated for other purposes at tho last hour.
"This was evidently a wicked and treasonable plot
to dishonor the credit of the United States by default
in the payment of interest on its stocks byneglecting
to provido for tho arrears due to the Army and -Navy
and the civil a,nd diplomatic list, including those due
to members of Congress then in session.
"Tho success of this would have caused p'reat confu-
sion in public affairs and disastrous embarrassment to
the Government, and it becamo manifest that instant,
united efforts were required to defeat it.
" Thisinstitutionfor itself, and severalofitsdirect-
ors, for their own account, piomptly assumed a largo
share of an immediate advance, by such banks and
capitalists as had united in tho emergency, to tho
United States Treasury of®5,000,000uponan absolute
condition"—
Mark the language—
"upon an absolute condition of tho payment of the
interest, due tho next day, upon tho United States
stocks. Others doubtless would have participated in
this loan could they have been consulted: but so
carcfully had this treacherous schemo beeen kept
from public sight, and so late was it discovered, that
it was only by the use of tho telegraph that a timely
provision could be made at last."
This is an ollicial statement of the two prin-
cipal officers of that very wealthy institution,
in which Mr. Thomas, as Secretary of the
Treasury, is very plainly implicated in what
they call a treasonable attempt to discredit the
paper of the Government by neglecting will-
fully and guiltily to provide for the payment of
the interest,; indeed, for having removed from
New York the very money which had been
previously placed there by the Government for
the payment of the semi-annual interest upon
the public stocks.
In order that it may be known to this body
and to the country when Mr. Thomas became
Secretary of the Treasury, I will take further
leave to state that on the 10th of December,
I860, Howell Cobb resigned his seat in the
Cabinet of Mr. Buchanan as Secretary of the
Treasury, and on the same day, the 10th of
December, Philip P. Thomas was nominated
to the Senate by President Buchanan as Sec-
retary of the Treasury, and I presume con-
firmed on the same day, and most likely was
commissioned under that same date. Thomas
held that office until the 11th of January, 1861,
when he, by a letter which has already been
read in the Senate, and which is noticeable
for its contents, resigned his place. In his
letter of resignation he alleges as the main
reason for so doing that he could not coop-
erate with the plan which Mr. Buchanan had
then adopted of sending reinforcements to
Fort Sumter for the purpose of defending it
against an anticipated attack of the rebels.
This report is inclosed to me in a letter of
the 26th of March, 1867, written by the presi-
dent of the Bank of Commerce of New York,'
in which the President remarks :
"This bank in 1860 was neither the fiscal agent
nor in correspondence with the officers of the Gov-
ernment at Washington. Consequently there are in
its possession no such letters, checks, Are., as yon ask
for. The head of the Treasury Department was in
direct communication with the Assistant Treasurer
in this city"—
I think the Assistant Treasurer at that time
was Mr. Cisco—
" and it was in consequence of the representations
made to banks and capitalists here by that loyal
officer that steps were promptly taken to save the
country from threatened discredit and disaster. Mr.
Cisco informs me that his correspondence a,t that
eventful period, if not now to bo found in the Treas-
ury offices at Washington, has doubtless been pro-
served at the sub-Treasury office in New York."
I invite the attention of the Committee on
the Judiciary especially to the fact that in the
sub-Treasury in the city of New York will be
found all the necessary correspondence, letters,
drafts, and entries which may be necessary,
and will be necessary in the course of the in-
vestigation which the Senate have intrusted to
their hands in reference to Mr. Thomas. That
committee are authorized to send for persons
and papers; and I hope and trust, and I be-
lieve, of course, and am happy in announcing
my belief, that that committee will use the
most energetic measures to procure tho neces-
sary evidence of the real status of Mr. Thomas
at the date referred to in this report and in this
letter and since that time. They will find it
necessary probably to call upon the Secretary
of the Treasury of the United States for sim-
ilar documents; and I have no doubt they will
be able to find, if they will exert themselves,
documents there which will go far to establish
the serious charge made against Mr. Thomas
in this report, that he was then guilty of acts
of disloyalty to the Government of the United
States. If it be true, as these gentlemen allege
in this report, that Mr. Thomas had resorted
to the scheme of discrediting the stocks of the
Government of the United States by the non-
payment of interest, thus endeavoring to crip-
ple and destroy our credit at home and abroad,
I say, for one, it was quite as culpable an act
as if he had taken up arms and joined the
rebels and waged war against his country.
I hope that the papers will be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That refer-
ence will be made.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. WILSON. I have had placed in my
hands a memorial signed by R. Z. Wilson, J.
C. K. Milligan, and Henry O'Neill, on behalf
of the synod of the Reformed Presbyterian
church, in which they ask for an amendment
to the Constitution of the United States which
shalbacknowledge God as supreme and Christ
as the Mediator and Governor of nations, and
that the Bible may be taken as the supreme
law. I move the reference of this memorial to
tho Committee on the Judiciary.
It was so referred.
Mr. WILSON. I also present the proceed-
ings of a meeting of colored citizens held at
Amelia Court-house, Virginia, covering a series
of resolutions, in which they ask Congress to
relieve from the disability to hold office Samuel
S. Weisiger, in order that they may elect him
a delegate to the convention that may be held
in that State. They represent that he is a very
loyal and earnest man, and a devoted friend
of the colored people. I ask its reference to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
It was so referred. "
Mr. ROSS presented the petition of W. B.
Edwards, praying for an increase of pension ;
which was refesred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
distribution oe sheds in the south.
Mr. CAMERON. A few days ago I intro-
duced a joint resolution on the subject of the
distribution of seeds in the South, which was
referred to the Committee on Agriculture for
amendment. I now by the direction of the
committee report a new resolution, and I ask
that it be put upon its passage at once.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 61) authorizingthetransferofcertain
funds and providing for the purchase of seeds
and their distribution in the southern States
