374
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
upon. If the Senator will go so far as to say
that no Indian treaty shall hereafter be made
except in pursuance of law, I should like it
much better. I do not wish to embarrass the
resolution ; but if the Senator wishes to give
it strength and at the same time do a great
public service, I think he had better attach
such a provision to it.
Mr. PESSENDEN. T suggest whether it
would not ba better to add a provision repeal-
ing all laws authorizing the making of Indian
treaties ?
Mr. SHEftMAN. I should be very glad to
do that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know that a great deal
of money has been expended in that way by
the working of some law that I know nothing
about, said to be on the statute-book.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator from Ne-
braska will allow me to make that amendment,
I do not think it will embarrass the resolution,
and it really will do a great public service, that
no Indian treaty shall hereafter be made ex-
cept in pursuance of law.
Mr. POMEROY. No treaty is made now
except in pursuance of law.
Mr. SHEttMAN. I wish to have a law au-
thorizing the making of the treaty. The old
practice, let me say to the Senate, was first to
ask Congress for an appropriation to authorizo
a treaty. That was the old custom. Now
they make these treaties without any previous
appropriation and without any previous law,
and the result is that they are sent hero, and
the first thing we know they are confirmed,
and then we are compelled to appropriate
money to carry them into effect. If we pro-
vide that the first step shall originate with
Congress, that no treaty shall be made unless
Congress specifically authorize a particular
treaty to be made, wo shall have no more of these
Indian treaties. They are now making treaties
to buy new reservations for the Indians in Kan-
sas, who have been transported there at great
expense, and wiio are now rich, prosperous,
and happy in many cases, taking them out fur-
ther and further into the remote wilderness,
and establishing them in new icservations, in
Order that—what? That, the white men in
Kansas may enjoy the Indian lauds. That is
all there is about it.
Mr. POMEROY. That is not all there is
about it.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is very much the
case. I move to amend the resolution by add-
ing the following proviso :
Provided, That, no .Indian treaties shall hereafter
bo msuto except, in pursuance of express provision of
law, and after an appropriation has been made there-
for.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Ohio
is pretty familiar with the statutes, and yet he
seems to have overlooked the statute of 1863,
by which we not only authorized, but required
the Secretary of the Interior and the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs to make these very trea-
ties that he complains of. Censure is sought to
be cast on the Department for making treaties
without provision of law, when there is an ex-
press provision of law on the statute-book
requiring them to make them.
Mr. PESSENDEN. This is a provision to
repeal that.
Mr. POMEROY. If it passes.
Mr. PESSENDEN. It ought to.
Mr. POMEROY. It will not repeal it until
after it becomes a law.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to inquire
what effect this resolution will have upon the
condition of the Indians. In the State where
I live there are different reservations set apart
for the use of the Indians. It is desirable per-
haps to remove the Indians from one reserva-
tion to another, to consolidate the different
tribes or remnants of tribes upon one reserva-
tion, and that will enable the white people to
occupy and use the reservation abandoned or va-
cated in that way by the Indians so removed. I
do not desire to have any resolution passed here
in general terms affecting the relations between
the white men and the Indians without know-
ing exactly what its effect or its extent is to be.
Now, I know in one case, so far as the Uma-
tilla reservation is concerned, the Indians
there occupy a valuable tract of country, and
its occupation is very much desired by the
white people surrounding the Indians ; and it
has been proposed that some arrangement be
made by which those Indians may be removed
to the reservation at the Warm Springs, or some
other reservation, where they can be placed and
be as comfortable as they are where they are
now located, and that the valuable country
they now possess may be opened for the use
of white people. This resolution is in such
general terms that I am not able to appreciate
its effect, and I should like to know more ex-
actly what it means.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend from Nebraska,
[Mr. Thayer,] tells me that this amendment
of mine will lead to debate, and as the object
of his resolution, so far as it goes, is a very
good one, and I hope we shall pass it, I will
withdraw my amendment and will probably
present the question at the next session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr. TITAYER. I think I can make the
object of this resolution sufficiently el'ear, so
that there will be no objection to it. It has
one distinct object. There have been instances
where tribes of Indians have been moved about,
in the absence of any treaty, from place to place,
having no permanent abiding place. It is sim-
ply to stop that, and to declare that no tribe
shall be moved until a treaty has been pre-
viously made and a reservation selected, and
that no funds shall be expended in such removal
until a treaty has been effected and sanctioned
by the Senate. That is the sole object of the
resolution. It does not affect any previous law.
It is to prevent expensef to the Government
and to protect the Indians. If they are to be
put on reservations, it is to let them remain
where they are until those reservations are
selected, and they can be moved by giving them
a permanent home. That is the only object
of the resolution.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, read the third time,
and passed.
MANUFACTURE Oi' BUTTONS,
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 52) to exempt certain
articles used in the manufacture of buttons
from increased duly; which was read twice by
its title.
Mr. POMEROY. At the closing hours of
the last session there was a mistake made,
which is evident to every one who has had his
attention called to the subject, and this reso-
lution is to correct that mistake. The cir-
cumstances are thoroughly familiar to the
Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Morrii.l,] and
I have introduced this resolution on his sug-
gestion. 1 ask for the present consideration
of the resolution.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. For many
years a provision has existed in the tariff laws
allowing lastings to be imported fit for shoes
and boots, and for the manufacture of but-
tons, when imported in the shape, form, and
style suited exclusively for those purposes, at
a lesser rate than that- imposed upon the same
goods in the piece : that is, at the rate of ten
per cent. It was found that a portion of those
engaged in the manufacture of shoos and boots
had imported lastings in the piece, taken them
to Canada in bond, and there cut them up and
brought them back again when they were only
subject'to ton per cent., while many of the
manufacturers of shoes and boots were pot
able to avail themselves of such an evasion,
and it was working a great amount of inequal-
ity: and therefore those engaged in the man-
ufacture of shoes and boots desired that the
usual rate of duty should be imposed upon all
lastings so as nofrto permit that imported for
shoes and boots to come in at any less rate
than that for any other purposes. The sug
gestion was made by the member from Massa-
chusetts representing the largest amount of
shoe and boot interest in the country [Mr.
Alley] that this should be required, and he
showed me a proposition which I did not care-
fully examine myself, but he said it only ap-
plied to shoes and boots. I suggested to him
at the time that it ought not to apply to last-
ings imported in that shape for the manufac-
ture of buttons, and he told me that it did not;
but it is found that the department rules that
it not only applies to such goods when im-
ported in the form adapted for the purpose of
shoes and boots, but also for buttons, and it
goes therefore much too far, and is going to
work ruin and disaster to that branch of busi-
ness, the button manufacture of this country.
Mr. CAMERON. I trust wc shall not pass
this resolution now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If objec-
tion be made it cannot be passed at this time.
The question is on taking it up. Objection
being made, it goes over under the rule.
SETTLEMENT OP OFFICERS' ACCOUNTS.
Mr. THAYER. I am instructed by the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia,
to whom was referred the joint resolution (H.
R. No. 2G) authorizing the Second Auditor to
settle the accounts of officers of the Army in
certain cases, to report it back without amend-
ment, and recommend its passage; and as sev-
eral Senators have asked me to urge its passage
now, I ask for its present consideration.
Mr. HOWE. Let it be read at length for
information.
The Secretary road the joint resolution. It
pi-oposes to instruct the Second Auditor to
audit and settle the accounts of line officers
of the Army to the extent of their pay for their
services as such, due thera from the United
States, in all cases where they shall make
affidavit of their inability to make their monthly
report or returns by reason of their having
been prisoners in the hands of the enemy, or
any accident or casualty of war, they have
been unable to account for property in their
possession.
Mr. HOWE. I will inquire if that has been
reported by any committee?
Mr. THAYER. Yes, sir; the Committee
on Military Affairs have had it under consider-
ation and unanimously concur in reporting it
for passage. It is simply to provide for a case
like this: where an officer was captured and
retained as a prisoner of war it was utterly
impossible for him to make his monthly reports,
for instance, of arms for which he was respon-
sible; and tho rule of the Department is that
the paymaster cannot pay the officer the bal-
ance of pay due him at the time of muster-out
from the time of the last payment until he has
made all these monthly reports. There are
many cases where officers have been prisoners,
and it was utterly impossible for them to make
those reports. Thev are not cases where any
property has been lo'st at all; but it is simply
to authorize the paymaster to pay them the
amount, due them at the time of muster-out.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on taking up the resolution. There
ought not to be any general argument upon it
until it is taken up. Is there any objection to
its present consideration?
Mr. HOWE. I do not make any objection.
The PRESIDENT/jro tempore. No objec-
tion being made, it is before the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HOWE. I was about to inquire of the
Senator from Nebraska what practical diffi-
culty there could be in the way of paying'those
officers arising from that cause ? I was about
to inquire of him if in the case of the capture
and imprisonment of an officer in command
of a company, for instance, some other officer
does not take his place in command of that
company and make the regular monthly re-
ports ?
Mr. THAYER. That is true ; but the rule
