1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
375
is applied, in this way: that the officer him-
self must make up all his reports. The appli-
cation of the rule is very rigid. This resolu-
tion proposes to relax it so far as to enable an
officer, for instance, who makes affidavit that
it is not in his power to cover thafrperiod when
he was a prisoner or absent from the conjpany
in hospital, to receive the balance of his pay.
I know that the rule of the Department has
worked hardship in a great many worthy cases.
Mr. HOWE. I understand the rule and
usage of the Department to be very different.
I understand that before the paymaster can
refuse payment to an officer by reason of his
not making his returns there must be an order
of the "War Department suspending his pay as
a penalty for not making the returns, and that
that order is never issued except where the
returns are held back and there is no explana-
tion of the reason why they are held back; but
a paymaster cannot impose this penalty, nor
refuse this payment, unless he docs it under an
order from the War Department suspending
the pay of the officer. That is the way I under-
stand it.
Mr. TI-IAYER. lie' mustpresent his returns
to the Department under the regulations before
they will pay him the balance due him. The
pay of all officers is stopped when they are
mustered out until they have made these re-
turns.
Mr. HOWE. I understand the law and
regulations to require, not that Captain A or
Captain B shall make a return, but that the
officer in command of such and such compa-
nies shall make returns, and if any officer makes
the return, the regulation of the Department is
satisfied. It is the other clause of the resolu-
tion which I suspect is the operative one. I
should like to have the resolution read again.
The Secretary read it. -
Mr. HOWE. It is the last clause of the
resolution,.I suspect, "which is the important
one. That requires the accounting officers of
the Treasury to accept an affidavit of any offi-
cer charged with the custody of any military
property; an affidavit to the fact that by acci-
dent he has been deprived of the property as
a sufficient accounting for the property. That
involves a very serious consideration. It is a
question that I am not really prepared to
advise the Senate about; but I am satisfied
that that is the gist of the resolution before the
Senate. If the Committee on Military Affairs
are decidedly of the opinion that it is safe to
accept such an affidavit in all cases, I shall
acquiesce in their judgment; but it is a pretty
radical movement, I think.
Mr. WILSON. There is very little change
made by it any way. I did not see the abso-
lute necessity of its passage; but at the same
time, if it will contribute in any degree (and
it is the opinion of some gentlemen that it will)
to bring about settlements that ought to bo
made, I think we ought to pass it. We have
gone through a great war. A great many
officers have been captured and have lost prop-
erty for which they were responsible under the
circumstances, and others who have not been
captured have lost it in the field, and there is
quite a number of these accounts to be settled,
and it is very hard and very oppressive to these
men. Integrity of character is of no account
in their settlement. The men who have done
their whole duty in regard to the matter are
just in as hard a condition as the men who
have shirked it. It is now two years since the
cessation of actual hostilities, and these ac-
counts ought to be closed up ; and I think if
this resolution will contribute to that end it
ought to pass. It may be that it may facili-
tate the settlement of the accounts of some
person who may have acted dishonestly; but
1 take it there will be very little of that char-
acter. There are men perhaps more familiar
with it than I am, at any rate who are more
familiar with the condition of officers service
and the hazards of it and the losses, who are
very anxious that tjiis measure should pass and
that these officers should be relieved. uo not .
personally know any one who is involved in-M
it; but I think it can do no harm to pass the
resolution, and these gentlemen say it will
facilitate these settlements, and if it does I
think it ought to pass.
Mr. HOWE. I think I can understand very
well from the explanation submitted by the
Senator from Massachusetts that it will facili-
tate settlements very much; but it seems to
me it will facilitate them too much. I sup-
posed there was some regulation of the Army
now by which where property really was lost
through th.e casualties of war a settlement
could be effected. I am not prepared to say
that there is any such regulation. It would
seem very strange to me that there was not;
but I am very clearly of the opinion on a mo-
ment's reflection that such a resolution as this
ought not to find a place on the orders of the
Department or the statutes. It provides that if
the officer will make an affidavit simply of the
loss, that is to be taken as true, and the ac-
counting officer is to take _it and settle his
accounts. If any such provision is to be made,
it seems to me there should be discretion given
to the accounting officers of the Treasury to
credit or to discredit this affidavit.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is the law now.
Mr. HOWE. The officer should be required
to prove to the satisfaction of the_ accounting
officers the facts of the loss. It is said that
that is the law. It seems to me to be all the
law there ought to be. If lie cannot satisfy,
not by his own affidavit, but by proofs, the
accounting officers of the Treasury that this
property actually has been lost, there is no
reason why we should direct the accounting
officers to accept the affidavit as a verity and
pay on that. .
Mr. TRUMBULL. My attention was called
to this joint resolution by one of my colleagues
in the House of Representatives, who attaches
some importance to it. The resolution, it will
be observed by the Senator from Wisconsin,
only applies to the pay of officers, not to the
settlement of their accounts otherwise. Offi-
cers who were captured and in prison, or who
from any casualty in battle or otherwise were
unable to make their monthly returns, have
their pay withheld from them. It seems to me
that is wrong. , , ,
Mr. HOWE. I do not understand the fact
to be so. ,
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is so, as I under-
stand it. That seems to me to be wrong. It
is sometimes very difficult to find persons who
can prove the fact that they were imprisoned.
Now, ought their pay—that is tlie extent of
this resolution—to be stopped and they not
have it because they were unable to make their
monthly returns? If you will look closcly at
the resolution it will be seen that it does not
authorize the settlement of any other accounts
or discharge them from any liability for prop-
erty ; bnt the resolution is simply to authorize
the Second Auditor
"toaudit and settle the accounts of line officers of
tlie Army"—
It only applies to line officers
"to tho extent of their pay for their services as
such"—
That is all—
"in all eases where they shall make affidavit of their
inability to make their monthly report or returns.
It seems to me that the fact that they did not
make a monthly return because they were cap-
tured or because of some casualty of war, it it
is sworn to by them, ought to discharge. them
from that act of not making that return, so
that they might get their pay, and let tlie ques-
tion as to what property they are responsible
for be settled afterward. Do not withhold the
pittance that the Government pays them, be-
cause by reason of being imprisoned or some
other conflict of arms they were unable to
make a monthly report, when they swear that
it was impossible for them to do it I ^
that ought to be prima facte sufficient evidence
It sSems to me no great hardship can result
| Q | £
Mr YATES. I happen to know a case
precisely in point illustrating the position
already stated by my colleague. A lieutenant
in the Army was detailed to take care of cat-
tle, and twenty-three of them escaped by a
stampede and went into? the enemy's country.
It was utterly impossible for him to recover "
them ; but there were no witnesses to that
transaction. He was detailed as a mere lieu-
tenant over twenty hands who had in charge
these cattle, and there are no witnesses now
who can testify as to the facts in the' case.
The amount in that case was nearly one thou-
sand dollars, and his pay is now detained to
cover that amount, and it seems to me, as his
affidavit is the only evidence that can possibly
be produced of the fact in question, it ought
to be received. I think that this individual
case now pending  and undecided shows the
importance of this resolution.
Mr. MORTON. This resolution is of prac-
tical importance to a great many officers who
were in prison in the South. It simply pro-
vides the evidence that shall be required and
shall be sufficient in a case of this kind. There
is a method of settlement in just such eases,
but it is circuitous, and it requires evidence
that often cannot from the nature of the case
be furnished. I think it is important that this
resolution should pass.
Mr. WILSON. I wish simply to say that
as the law now stands it reads in this way:
"That in settling tho accounts of the commanding
officer of a company for clothing and other military
supplies, tho affidavit of any such officer may bo re-
ceived to show tho loss of vouchers, or company books,
or any matter or circumstance tending to prove that
any appai ont deficicncy was occasioned bj; unavoid-
able accident, or lost in actual service, without any
fault on his part, or that tho whole or any part of
such clothing and supplies had been properly and
legally uied and appropriated; and such affidavit
may he considered as evidence to establish tho tacts
sctforth, with or without other evidenco, as may seem
to the Secretary of War just and proper under tho
circumstances of the case."
That is the existing law, a.nd under that law
it is certainly tho fact that a great many officers
who have lost property by the casualties of war,
by capture or otherwise in the field, are unable
to make their monthly returns and take the
oaths required. It is proposed by this resolu-
tion to go a little further than this law in order
to hasten these settlements. There cannot be a
doubt that as it now stands it operates oppress-
ively upon men who have been in the service
during this war and have lost property. It is
possible that some men may not have been
honest, but a great many honest officers, offi-
cers whose courage and devotion on the field
made them prisoners of war or exposed them
to extra hazards, have lost property and are
unable to obtain their pay. This goes to the
extent of settling their pay; but it does not
settle their accounts in regard to these vouchers
which they cannot-make. That is the fact.
Mr. HOWE. Now, I think the real char-
acter of this proposition can be understood
very easily. As the law is, the officer of a com-
pany who is charged with the custody and safe-
keeping of the company property can submit
his affidavit to the accounting officers and can
submit with it any other testimony available,
and if the accounting officers believe the case
thus made out, there is full authority in the
law as it stands for them to settle the account.
This resolution, therefore, can only operate
upon cases where the officer has made his affi-
davit, has submitted it to the accounting offi-
cers, and the accounting officers disbelieve it,
either because it is improbable, or because it
is not supported, or bccause it is contradicted
by other evidence. In all these cases this reso-
lution is mandatory, or will bo if enacted, upon
the accounting officers; it compe.s them to
accept the affidavit as true, let tlie actual facts
within the knowledge of the accounting offi-
cers be such as they may. Now, Mr. Presi-
dent, I object to that It does seem to me
unreasonable. If the affidavit of the officer is
true, it will very likely appear probable to the
accounting officer, and lie, by the existing law,
is authorized to give credit to it if it convinces
his judgment. Nobody asserts that the ac-
counting officers administer the law oppressively
or illiberally. All you have to do is to convince
