me
THE COJSTG-RESSIOJSTAL GLOBE,
March 27,
tlieir judgment, and they are authorized to con-
sider the bare affidavit of the officer charged.
I will read the law once more:
"That in settling the accounts of the commanding
officer of a company for clothing and other military
supplies, the affidavit of any such officer may be
received to show the loss of vouchers or company
books, or any matter or circumstance tending to
frove that any apparent deficiency was occasioned
y unavoidable accident or loss in actual service,
■without any fault on his part, or that the whole or
any part of such elothing and supplies had been
properly and legally used and appropriated."
All these things may be shown by the affi-
davit of the officer in charge:
" And such affidavit may be considered as evidence
to establish the facts set forth, with or without other
evidence"—
Mr. JOHNSON. It doSs not make it con-
clusive ?
Mr. HOWE. No, sir:
"as may seem to the Secretary of War just and
proper under the circumstances of the case."
The difference between the law as it now
stands and the law as proposed by this resolu-
tion is, that the law now leaves the discretion
in the Department to credit the affidavit or not,
while the resolution as proposed commands the
accounting officer to give full credit to it, no
matter what other evidence there may be avail-
able to the Department. Now, sir, if it is the
purpose of Congress to exempt those officers
from all liability, just do so by a clean act,
wipe the books right out; do not impose any
conditions; do not impose upon them the ne-
cessity of going before the accounting officers
and swearing to a state of facts which is al-
ready discredited, and therefore which there is
reason to believe is not true; do not require
them to perjure themselves ; that is no satis-
faction to the Government or to the people;
just clear the books off and let them go. That
is the manly thin" to do if you are going to do
anything in that'direction. If you are going
to do the just thing, you will lot them stand
on the law as it is.
Mr. CONNESS. f hope this resolution will
lie over until to-morrow, and I make that
motion. It is clear that we cannot act upon it
now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope it will not go
over. That is a defeat of the measure.
Mr. CONNESS. It ought to be defeated.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me not. I
think altogether too much importance is at-
tached to it. It applies simply to the pay of
these officers.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator indulge me
while I call his attention to the fact that, that
is all the security the Government lias in the
case of these officers. It has no other security
if it relinquishes its hold on their pay.
Mr. TRUMBULL. TheY give bond.
Mr. HOWE. No, sir. '
Mr._ TBrUMBTJLL. Quartermasters and
commissaries, I know, give bond.
Mr. HOWE. But these are line officers.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope the resolution "will
go over, and I have submitted that motion.
Mr.'TRUMBULL. _ I_ liopo it will not be
postponed. I am satisfied from what I have
beard about it that something of this kind
ought t,o be done.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the further consideration of this joint
resolution bo postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I want to amend
that motion by adding, "and that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill making
appropriations to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the contingent expenses of
the Senate."
Mr, CONNESS. That cannot be done.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If I do not get
it up now the bill will be lost.
Mr. CONNESS. Appropriation bills never
fail.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It has got to
go back to the other House.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I do not
think that is in order. I will overrule that
motion. The question is on postponing the
resolution until to-morrow.
Mr. THAYER. I should like to answer the
position of the Senator from Wisconsin by
referring to the law from which he read. It
will take but a moment. The law is,this :
"Thatinsettlinfftheaccountsofthecommandmg of-
ficer of a company for clothing and other military sup-
plies, the affidavit of any such oflicer may be received
to show the loss of vouchtrs or company books, or
any matter or circumstance tending to prove that an
apparent deficiency was occasioned by unavoidable
accident or loss in aetual service, without any fault
on his part, or that the whole or any part of such
clothing and supplies had been properly and legally
used and appropriated."
This resolution does not apply to those cases
at all. I do not propose to relieve these officers
on account of any loss of property; that is,
{o relieve them from any accountability. The
resolution provides simply that when they come
forward and swear that they cannot make up
their monthly returns by reason of their hav-
ing been prisoners or any casualty of war their
pay shall not be withheld from them. I can
tell the Senate that there are hundreds of offi-
cers as true and faithful as ever served who
have been kept out of their pay over since the
war closed by no fault of their own, but by
the casualties of war alone, by exposing them-
selves in the field. They are deprived of the
pay which is honestly due them on acount of
the rigid construction of the Department. I
grant you the Secretary of War has the discre-
tion to relax the rule, but he cannot under-
take to flood his Department with these cases
when they properly belong to the Second Au-
ditor of the Treasury. This is simply to au-
thorize the Second Auditor to receive the affi-
davit as conclusive in regard to the fact that
they cannot make these returns. I will not
trouble the Senate further on the question.
Mr. FRELINGIIUYSBN. If the motion
to postpone does not prevail, I think the reso-
lution can be amended so as to satisfy all par-
ties, by making it read, that in all eases where
such Auditor shall he satisfied by the affidavit
of such line oflicer, or otherwise, then the pay-
ment shall bo made. That would fix it, so
that if he was satisfied with the character of
the line officer the affidavit would be sufficient;
otherwise he would say that he must have
further testimony. If the motion to postpone
does not prevail, I shall move to amend the
resolution in that way.
Mr. CONNESS. That places it entirely in
the discretion of the accounting officers to pay
immense sums of money. It appears to me
the law is right just as it is. It provides that
the affidavit of the officer shall be corroborative
testimony. I do not see any more just way to
place it than that. I hope the question will
be taken on the motion.
Mr. WILSON. 1 will simply say that this
Government will have to legislate to relieve
these officers, as it will have to*relieve several
in the pay department. The Paymaster Gen-
eral has strongly indorsed a measure to relieve
eertain officers of that department who have
paid out money to soldiers and paid it honestly;
but we have not done it. Those men are held
and will be held until we pass a measure for
their relief. These officers now, after the
expiration of two years, will have to be relieved
by legislation, or they will never be relieved
at all.
* The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on postponing the resolution until to-
morrow.
The question being put, there were on a divis-
ion—ayes 11, noes 11; no quorum voting.
Mr. IIOWE. I suppose we shall have to
have the yeas and nays.
Mr. CONNESS. If there is any prospect
of agreeing on a proper amendment I will with-
draw the motion to postpone.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not think there will
be any difficulty in that.
Mr. THAYER. The Senator from New
Jersey has prepared an amendment which I
will accept.
Mi\ CONNESS. I withdraw the motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
will be considered as withdrawn; if there be no
objection.
Mr. HOWE. But the record shows that there
is no quorum.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If that
objection is made, the presence of a quorum
must be ascertained.
Mr. SHERMAN. It can be ascertained by
a count.
Mr. HOWE. I suppose there is a quorum
present.
'The PRESIDENT pro tempore, (after a
count.) A quorum is present.
Mr. FRELINGIIUYSEN. I move to amend
the resolution by striking out in lines six and
seven the words "they shall make affidavit"
and inserting "such Auditor shall be satisfied
by the affidavit of such line officer, or other-
wise;" so that the resolution will read:
That the Second Auditor be, and is hereby, author-
ized and instructed to audit and settle the accounts
of line officers 5f tho Army to tho extent of their
pay for their services as such, due them from the
United States, in all cases where such Auditor shall
be satisfied, by the affidavit of such line officer, or
otherwise, of their inability to make their monthly
report or return, by reason of their having been pris-
oners in the hands of the enemy, or any accident or
casualty of war they have been unable to account
for property in their possession.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think the word "line"
before " officer" in the amendment bad better
be left out. You do not want it used twice.
It only applies to line officers. "Affidavit of
such officer" would be better.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The object of
putting in "line officer" was merely to dis-
tinguish him from the other officer named, the
Auditor. ,
Mr. JOHNSON. But tho resolution pro-
vides only for line officers.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendment was con-
curred in, and ordered to be engrossed, and
the joint resolution to he read a third time.
It was read the third time, and passed.
STEAM-BOILERS MADE 01? CAST STEEL.
Mr. EDMUNDS submitted the following
resolution ; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to :
Xtaohcd. That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of provid-
ing for an experimental test of steam-boilers made
of cast steel, with a view to a diminution of danger
to life and to an improvement of commercial and
industrial agencies; and that sa,id committee have
leave to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I also present a commu-
nication on the same subject, which I ask to
have referred to the same committee.
The motion was agreed to.
SENATK CONTINGENT EXPENSES.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am instructed
by the Committee on Appropriations, to whom
were referred the amendments of the House of
Representatives to the bill (S. No. 83) making
appropriations to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for contingent expenses of the
Senate of the United States for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1857, to report it with certain
amendments ; and as the bill must go back to
the House, I ask for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the amendments of the
House.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. In the last line
of the fourth section of the amendment I move
to strikeout "nine" andinsert "twelve," ;md
to add at the end of the section the words "for
the period of three mouths ending June 30,
1867, and for the year ending June 30, 1808."
I will explain the effect of this. As the,ameud-
ment comes to us from the House it provides for
the salary of the Commissioner of Education
and his clerks for one year. There should be a
provision made for one year and three months.
This makes the additional appropriation for tho
three months, and also specifies the periods
which were not specified in that amendment.
The House amendment appropriates the sal-
aries without defining the period for which sal-
aries are paid. That is the effect of the amend-
ment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
