1867.
THE COJSTGEESS10NAL GLOBE.
377
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the reading of
the first House amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion will be takeiv on the amendments sepa-
rately if it is required.
-The Secretary. The first amendment of
the House is to strike out the second section
of the bill, in the following words:
And be^it further enacted, That section ten of an act
entitled "An act making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the year ending
June BO, 1868, and for other purposes," passed at the
second session of the Thirty-!* inth Congress, shall
not be construed to allow a greater compensation for
the publication of the laws passed by Congress and
executive proclamations and treaties in tho papers
of the District of Columbia than is provided by law
for such publications in other papers.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The amendment
does not strike out the section. The Clerk
will see that he is mistaken. It adds an addi-
tional section.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can explain to the Sen-
ator that the first message was sent here wrong.
The House propose to strike that out.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is not the
record sent here.
Mr. SHERMAN. The record was changed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The record as
it came to the committee is as I have stated.
It was to add an additional section, to which
the House had no objection. Now, it seems
■ that the House proposition is to strike out our
section. I hope that v.-ill be disagreed to.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I desire to inquire
simply whether the words read are struck out
by the House amendment or are inserted
by it ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. They were put in here
and are struck out by the House.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Then if we non-concur
in the House amendment the words read will
remain in the bill?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The Secretary read the next amendment of
the House of Representatives, to add as a new
section:
And he it further enacted. That so much of section
seven of an act entitled "An act making appropria-
tions tor sundry civil expenses of the Government
for the year ending June 30.1868, ancl for other pur-
poses," approved March 2,1867, as relates to the pub-
lication of tho treaties and laws of the United States
be, and the same is hereby, extended to the States
not therein designated, and to the Territories: and
that it shall bo the duty of tho Secretary of State,
upon receiving notice of tho designation ot news-
papers under the act aforesaid and this section,
promptly to furnish to such newspapers authentic
copies of tho treaties and laws of the United States,
to be published as aforesaid: Provided, That it shall
be lawful to print the laws and treaties of the United
Statesas aforesaid in three newspapers in Louisiana.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will simply
state the effect of that amendment. The act
of March 2, 1867, here referred to, provides
for the designation by the Clerk of the House
of newspapers for the publication of the treaties
and laws of the United States in the insurrec-
tionary States. This amendment of the House
extends that provision to papers in all the other
States and Territories.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am sorry the Commit-
tee on Appropriations agreed to this amend-
ment. I have no objection" to the Clerk of the
House designating the papers to publish the
laws. I think, perhaps, it is a duty more
properly imposed on the Clerk of the House,
or some branch of the legislative power, than
on the Secretary of State. There is no special
reason why the Secretary of State should desig-
nate the papers to publish the laws. It is
very proper that Congress itself should select
the persons who are to name the papers for
the publication. I have no objection to tho
amendment thus far; but the effect of the
proposition as it stands is to double the cost
of the publication of the laws. A special pro-
vision was made for the southern States, be-
cause in the present condition of affairs there
it is difficult to get papers to publish the laws
at the old rates, one dollar per page, and there-
fore it was provided at the last session by an
amendment to an appropriation bill that t.ie
price for publishing the laws in those States
should be, doubled, and the Clerk of the House
was authorized to designate two papers in each
of those States to publish thedaws. Now, the
effect of this amendment is to doable tlie price
paid for the publication of the laws in all the
States of the Union. There is no occasion
for it. The newspapers in the northern States
are willing to publish them at the old rates.
They are generally anxious to do it, because
they publish the great body of the laws at any
rate as matters of news, and they are glad to
get the three or four hundred dollars additional
per session that is paid to them for it. There
is no necessity, there is no demand for the
increase of price, and I therefore think the
amendment of the House ought to be modified.
I have no objection to the mode of designating
the papers provided for by the House amend-
ment ; but 1 do not think the rate of pay ought
to bo increased. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding:
Provided, That the rate fixed by previous laws
shall not be hereby increased.
Mr. POMEROY. Does that mean tho rate
fixed by the aet of last session ?
Mr. SHERMAN. No; the previous laws.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on tho amendment of the House
of Representatives, as amended.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to inquire
if this amendment authorizes the Clerk of the
House to designate newspapers in all the States
to publish the laws.
Mr. MORRILL, of Main® That is the
amendment.
The amendment, as amended, was concurred
in.
The next amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives was to add as a new section:
And be it further enacted, That tho following sums
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated, out of any
money iu tho Tre.isuiy not otherwise appropriated,
for the objects hereinafter expressed for the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 1867, namely:
For stationery for the llousc of liepresentatives,
$9,000.
For newspapers, $10,000.
I(,or miscellaneous items, $10,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. HENDERSON. I offer the following
amendment as an additional section :
And be it further enacted. That the following sums
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated, out of any
money m the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
to enable the Secretary of the Interior to pay the
expenses incurred by certain Indian delegations in
• visiting Washington city for tho purpose oi.negotiat-
ing treaties, and in their return home, to wit:
For the Sioux of Lake Traverse, $10,000.
For the Sioux of the Upper Missouri, $20,000.
For tho tribes residing in the State of Kansas,
For the Chippcwas of the Mississippi, £6,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask the Sena-
tor to explain his amendment and to state by
what authority he offers it.
Mr. HENDERSON. I suppose the Sena-
tor is quite aware of the authority from which
it comes. It comes from the Committee on
Indian Affairs. It will be remembered that a
few days ago the Senator from Minnesota [Mr.
Ramsey] offered a bill, which was referred to
tho Committee on Indian Affairs, and has been
under the consideration of that committee. It
was first sent to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, but the honorable chairman of that com-
mittee reported it back and had it referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs. 1 he Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs desired to have fur-
ther information on the subject. There was a
letter from the Secretary of the Interior aoc°™*
panying the request for the passage of the bill
with which we were not exactly satisfied, and
we sent to him for further information and for
the items of expenditure. T hos® ^ hold m my
hand. They have been laid before the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs this morning. It is
true "we have not had the time to examine the
subject as perhaps we ought to have done, but
we are at the close of the session, and it is for
the Senate to consider whether these expenses
shall be paid or not. The matter was referred
by the committee to the Senator from Kansas
[Mr. Ross] and myself, with-the authority to
place it before the Senate if we saw fit. I have
in my hand the Secretary's letter, and also the
estimate of expenditure^ which the Senate can
have read if they desire to hear it. Instead of
taking the figures as I found them in the bit!
offered by the Senator from Minnesota, I took
the figures as they are contained in the items
before me, and have thus changed the bill and
presented it to the Senate in the shape in
which this amendment is offered.
Now, Mr. President, one word in reference
to this class of appropriations. So far as I
am individually concerned, I cau very dis-
tinctly state to the Senate that in my opinion,
as chairman of the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, I shall at no future time report any such
appropriations to the Senate, nor shall I ask
the Senate at any future time to add such a
provision as this to any appropriation bill. I
am as much opposed to it as any Senator; but
we find that an act of Congress was passed in
18C3, which the honorable chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations overlooked per-
haps when he asked that the bill of the Sena-
tor from Minnesota be referred to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs, which authorized treaties
to be made by the President so far as the Kan-
sas Indians are concerned; or rather there was
a provision in the appropriation bill of 1863
which authorized the President to enter into
treaty stipulations with all the tribes in Kansas
who owned their lands in common; and by vir-
tue of this treaty as they supposed the Depart-
ment have cited the Indians of Kansas to ap-
pear, and the chief's and head men have come,
and they entered into treaty stipulations during
the last Congress, and those treaties are now
before tho Committee on Indian Affairs for
their action.
We are not yet prepared to report upon them
favorably, for the reason that they involve an
entire change in the condition of the Indian
tribes in Kansas. and in fact propose a change
in the entire Indian policy—a congregation of
the Indians in the Indian Territory. For that
reason we are not prepared just at this mo-
ment to report favorably upon those treaties.
'There are a great many good things in them.
There arc some other things of doubtful policy
and expediency. However, those treaties will
lay ultimately, no doubt, tlie foundation of a
policy that must be adopted in the future.
The Committee on Indian Affairs is not re-
sponsible, I apprehend, for this expenditure.
Whether it be right or not it is for the Senate to
consider. These Indians have been brought
here, so far at least as those from Kansas are
concerned, by authority of law; and if any
mistake has been made about it the Senate is
as much responsible as anybody else. The law
was passed in 1863. Whether the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs has not transcended his
authority in treating with the Indians who hold
lands in Kansas in severalty is another thing;
but surely he had a right to summon the In-
dians who liold in common by virtue of that
law of Congress. And as a part of each tribe
hold in common and a part of each tribe hold
in severalty, I suppose, therefore, I may prop-
erly and legitimately say here in my place that
the Secretary of the Interior had the right to
summon those Indians here. Congress, under
these circumstances, finds itself compelled, so
far as the Kansas Indians are concerned, to
make the appropriation so fo r as it goes to pay
the actual expenses incurred.
Then there is a proposition to pay the ex-
penses of the Sioux Indians of Lake lravcrse.
The honorable Senator from Minnesota under-
stands much more about this matter than I do,
and can make the explanation. There is a
reason why a treaty ought to be made with
these Sioux; but whether it was good policy
to summon twenty-five or thirty bioux to this
city from the northern part of Minnesota to
enter into a treaty is another thing; but they
are here, they have, been brought here, and it
is for the Senate to say whether they will re-
fuse to appropriate the money to pay the
expenses incurred in bringing them here and
