380
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
Mr. RAMSEY. It is remarkable that the
Senator from. Oregon, who lives in the midst of
an Indian country, should be so ignorant of
Indian law as he seems to be; The other day he
sat here when we ratified a treaty with the con-
federated tribes of central Oregon, and he made
no such objection as. that we should wait until
their delegates got home and we saw that the
Indians approved of the treaty.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Where were the Indians
who negotiated that treaty when the treaty waa
made?
Mr. RAMSEY. At home; but what knowl-
edge had you. that they would approve the
treaty after it went back there ? It is a matter
of everyday occurrence that the Government,
in negotiating with Indian tribes, negotiates
with their chiefs; and there is no difficulty in
knowing who the chiefs are. But as to the
comparative economy of the two modes of
treating with Indians I have a word to say.
If you send commissioners into the Indian
country to treat with a tribe of Indians you
must feed the whole body of them. They col-
lect on the occasion and are fed while there.
These are the customs of the Indians, and you
cannot change them. If you go there to treat
with them you must carry provisions enough
to feed the whole body while you^are negotiat-
ing. That is the practice, and you cannot break
it up. I say that, in preference to that system,
it is economical to bring here the chiefs and
head men and negotiate with them here. In
this case winter was just approaching, when
it was impossible to reach the Indians and carry
provisions to feed the tribe while the negotia-
tions were being carried on. Under these cir-
cumstances it was advisable to bring their
chiefs and head men here. I am now speaking
of the case of the Lake Traverse Sioux, where
the authorities and people of Minnesota asked
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs to make a
treaty, and I advised that their chiefs bo sent
for to come hero to negotiate. I gave no such
advice in regard to the Indians of Kansas nor
the Upper Missouri Sioux nor the Oliippewas,
though I believe it was wise in all the cases.
Mr. CORBETT. We have had these treaties
before the Committee 011 Indian Affairs, and I
have had some little knowledge of this matter;
and I desire to say that the representatives of
these tribes have been brought here to make
treaties with the Government under the au-
thority of a law heretofore passed, which law
we cannot remedy now. But we may provide
against future treaties being made in this way,
if we desire to do so. The expenses of these
treaties would seem to be large, and it seems
to be hardly proper to bring largo delegations
of Indians hero from every tribe with which a
treaty is to be made. In some instances I
believe as many as twenty-five Indians of one
tribe have been brought here for this purpose.
I was appointed one of a special committee to
call upon the Indian department to ascertain
as to the expenses of making those treaties,
and to ask them for a detailed statement. We
ascertained that there was a much larger num-
ber of Indians brought here than we had pre-
viously supposed. 'The committee have not
been able at present to decide as to the justice
of the treaties; but as Congress was about to
adjourn, and it was necessary to provide for
this expenditure which had been assumed in
bringing these Indians here, we thought it
necessary to make this appropriation to meet
these expenses; and if we shall hold an execu-
tive session hereafter we may confirm the
treaties. The Senate will then have an oppor-
tunity of examining the treaties more in detail.
But as we propose to adjourn, perhaps to-
morrow or the day after, it is absolutely neces-
sary to provide for these expenses at once.
They seem to have been incurred under the
authority of law. The President was authorized
by a former law to make treaties, and it is
very certain that they could not be made with-
out the expenditure of some money. I am
therefore ir favor of this appropriation ; but I
am also i  favor of the amendment offered by
the Senator from Ohio, that there shall be no
treaties hereafter made without the authority
of law and an appropriation for the purpose in
advaiic©
Before I sit down, allow me to say a word
in regard to the remark of the Senator from
Ohio in reference to cheating the Indians. It
has been the custom to make treaties with the
Indians for the cession of large tracts of land
held by them. Those lands, as they are set-
tled, become more valuable. They become
valuable by the settlements of the whites, and
I see no impropriety in purchasing them from
the Indians for a small amount of money. We
merely buy from the Indians their possessory
right, and then we provide for their care and
protection hereafter. That the Government
is really entitled to the land I have no doubt,
but, still, justice to the Indians and conformity
to the previous practice would. require the
Government to make provision for their wel-
fare and for their civilization as far as pos-
sible.
Mr. BTJCKALEW. I suppose the treaties
with the Indian tribes are not negotiated by
virtue of statutes. There may be such stat-
utes in existence, but of course they are only
declaratory of the general power possessed by
the President of the United States to nego-
tiate treaties, not only with foreign nations,
but with Indian tribes. Here is an apparent
attempt to deprive him of that power, and to
provide that hereafter 110 treaty shall be nego-
tiated with an Indian tribe unless by some
future law such power shall be conferred upon
him. I think that this amendment is open to
strong exception upon the ground that it
attempts to take away from the Executive a
power which no one can question. If the sys-
tem of negotiating Indian treaties be objec-
tionable, the remedy is that the Senate, under
its power of assent, shall refuse to concur with
the Executive.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. 1 understand
that the statutes are declaratory.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Then why the neces-
sity of repealing theiji? I see no reason for it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness. ["Oh, no."] I do not see that we can
do any other business at present.
Mr. GRIMES. I hope the motion will not
be agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope we shall
be enabled to dispose of this bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Illi-
nois.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment moved by the Sena-
tor from Ohio to the amendment of the Senator
from Missouri.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment as amended to be
added to the House amendments.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to move a further
amendment as a separate section:
A ud 1>p. it furthpr enacted, That the several sums of
money heretofore appropriated, to be expended under
the direction of tlio Commissioner of Public Build-
ings, bo transferred to, and may be expended under
tho direction of. the chief Engineer of tho Army, or
such officer of the Engineer corps as he may direct.
I will state that at the Treasury Department
the law abolishing the office of Commissioner
of Public Buildings and transferring its duties
to the chief Engineer of the Army is construed
not to authorize the transfer of the appropria-
tions of money for purposes which were for-
merly under the control of the Commissioner,
but that tho money must still be expended un-
der the direction of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior. It is also held that as the chief Engineer
of the Army is designated in the law particu-
larly, the money must be expended under his
direction instead of a subordinate officer, who
now has the matter in charge. This amend-
ment is to correct that construction. I have a
letter of the Engineer-in-Chief of the Army
explaining the matter more fully; but I pre-
sume it is not necessary to read it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. . Oh, no; let us
finish this bill.
Mr. SUMNER. On the question of going
into executive session I desire to make a
remark, as I presume that question is debat-
able. If the Senate is to adjourn to-morrow
or tho next day—and so far as the vote of this
body may be considered as a determination of
that question it seems to have so decided—
I submit that there is important business in
open session which we ought to proceed with.
There is the bill which is now under discus-
sion. There is a bill which is on my table now
.which is of great and crying importance here
in this District, a bill introduced by my col-
league and afterward pressed by myself—" a
bill providing for a change in the time of elect-
ing a mayor and other officers for the city
of Washington, District of Columbia." I have
seen several gentlemen this very morning very
much interested in the District of Columbia,
very much interested in Washington, who think
that the passage of this bill is of the first im-
portance. The object is to provide for the
election of mayor in the coming month of
June, so that the freedmen, who now for the
first time have the elective franchise, may help
to determine who is to be mayor of Washington.
That is one of the measures before you.
There is then another measure which I have
introduced myself, and my colleague has also
introduced a kindred measure; I refer to Senate
bill No. 115, entitled "A bill to enforce the
several provisions of the Constitution abolish-
ing slavery, declaring the immunities of citi-
zens, and guarantying a republican form of
government, by securing the elective franchise
to colored citizens.'' Now, there is not a news-
paper that does not bring us something from
Maryland, from Delaware, even from Ohio
showing the importance of Congress interfering
to cut this gordian knot of the suffrage ques-
tion. Unquestionably, under the Constitution,
both in its original provisions and its two
amendments, Congress has ample power over
the whole question. There can be no doubt
about it. We have already exercised the power
in conferring civil rights. Why should we
hesitate to exercise the same power in con-
ferring political rights?
I allude to this simply as a reason why we
should proceed with the business on your table
in open session rather than go into executive
session. That business may be taken up after-
ward at a called session of the Senate. I pre-
sume from what I hear that there must be a
called session of the Senate when the legisla-
tive session of Congress terminates, if it shall
terminate as abruptly as seemed to be contem-
plated yesterday. Therefore, I would suggest
that all tho executive business be postponed,
and let us proceed with this important legisla-
tive business, which I submit is so essential to
the best interests of the country. The people
in Maryland, if I may trust what I hear from
there both by letter and by the communica-
tions of gentlemen who were here yesterday—
especially our late valued associate on this
floor, Mr. Creswell, whom I name^iecause he
is no longer one of our number—the people of
Maryland are anxious for some action on our
part that shall relieve them from their terrible
distress. They aro now standing face to face
with the spirit of the rebellion, and they heed
your assistance. Under these circumstances
I hope that the Senate will proceed with the
business on your table and postpone all nomi-
nations of executive business to a later day.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope we shall
be allowed to pass the bill before tho Senate.
This debate has taken mor# time, I am sure,
than would have been sufficient to dispose of
the bill. It will not occupy more than five or
ten minutes—no more.
Mr. WILSON. As the Sen-ate seems now
