1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
381
to be in a condition to proceed with business
I withdraw the motion.
# The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. X am instructed by the
Committee on the District of Columbia to offer
the following amendment:
For the repair of the Long bridge, District of Co-
lumbia, to he expended under the direction of tho
Secretary of War, $15,000.
I send to the desk to be read a letter in ex-
planation of th6 necessity of this appropria-
tion.
The Secretary read as follows:
Office of Public Buildings, Grounds, and Works,
Capitob of the United States, March 25,1867.
Sir: 1 have tho honor to submit the following
report on the condition of the " Long bridge" across
the Potomac, and respectfully request that an appro-
priation be made before the adjournment of the
present session of Congress for repairing and placing
it in such order that travel may bo resumed with the
least practicable delay. Upon a personal examina-
tion I find that five spans, of sixty-two feet each,
have been carried away by the heavy accumulation
of ice during the last winter, most of the trestle work
having been damaged and the piles cut off. A large
quantity of the timber has been saved and securely
fastened to the bridge, almost sufficient to repair it.
With the exception of these spans tho roadway is in
good repair." The draws are in good working order,
one of them being almost perfectly new. An appro-
priation of $15,000 will place it in good traveling con-
dition, and, without somo unforeseen accident, will
render it sufficiently; so until the .subject of a now
bridge has been considered and decided upon. The
necessity for the immediate repairs is imperative.
Save by ferry no direct communication can be had
between both shores of the Potomac, cxcept by what
isknown as theChain bridge, the railroad andAque-
duct bridges not being available for wagon trans-
portation. This makes a long, difficult, and tedious
road to travel for the inhabitants of Alexandria
county and portions of Fairfax having business rela-
tions with the capital. The United States Govern-
ment, as well as the general public, arc greatly in-
convenienced. Almost the entire produce of these
two counties is entirely cut off from Washington,
thereby creating an advance on all kinds of market
produce in the city, as well as depriving the citizens
of those localities of many needful supplies only to
be obtained in this market. Some five hundred ve-
s hides daily pass over the bridge. I most respect-
fully and urgently call the attention of your honor-
able committee to the above facts, and request that
the necessary appropriation be made.
I am, sir, very respectfully your obedient servant,
. N. MICIILER,
Major of Engineers, Brevet Brigadier General, United
States A rmy, in charge.
Hon. James Harlan, Chairman of the Committee on
the District of Columbia, United States Senate,
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT. lam directed by the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia to offer the
following amendment, and I send to the desk
a letter in explanation of it:
For the support in part of the National Soldiers'
and Sailors' Orphans' Home in the District of Co-
lumbia., organized under the act of the 25th of July,
1866, amended by t.he act of the 22d of February,
1867, to be expended under the direction of the offi-
cers of said institution, s>5,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I raise a ques-
tion of order under that amendment, under the
recent rule of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I believe
there is a rule recently adopted, that amend-
ments to appropriation bills must be presented
to the Committee on Appropriations before-
hand.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I raise* that
question, that the Committee on Appropria-
tions had no notice of the intention to move
this amendment.
Mr. CORBETT. Can it not be done by
unanimous consent?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. On looking
at the rules the Chair finds that the recent
amendment to tho rule applies to general
appropriation bills. The Chair hardly knows
whether to hold -that this bill comes within
that class. It seems to be an appropriation
bill for a special purpose.
Mr. MORRILL, of Majne. It is general in
its character; it is a deficiency bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the bill was not a gen-
eral appropriation bill it would not have come
from the Committee on Appropriations. -
Tho PRESIDENT pro tempore. If it be so
regarded the amendment is out of order, and
so are all tKe rest of them.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No. In all the
other, instances the Committee on Appropria-
tions had notice. They had been sent to the
committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore._ The first
impression of the Chair was that this rule only
applied to the general appropriation bills to
carry on the various Departments of the Gov-
ernment : but on reflection he does not see that
a distinction can very well be drawn. This is
an appropriation bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The general
understanding, I think, under the new i^jle,
and I am quite sure that was its spirit and
meaning, is that any committee desiring to
move an amendment upon an appropriation
bill must give one day's notice to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations of its intention so
to do, in order to apprise that committee of
its purpose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. On reflec-
tion, the Chair is inclined to think that it is the
safest course, in giving a construction to this
new rule, to hold that all appropriation bills
coming from the Committee on Appropriations
are subject to the provision of the rule requir-
ing notice to be given of amendments intended
to be offered. This amendment is therefore
ruled out of order. ["Question."] There isno
further question unless some amendment be
moved. The House amendments have all been
acted upon.
house bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 63) placing the solicitor
and assistant solicitor of the Court of Claims
in the department of the Attorney General,
and for other purposes, was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the amend-
ment of the Senate to the House resolution
relative to the adjournment of Congress, with
an amendment, in which the concurrence of the
Senate was requested.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 90) to establish a
port of delivery at Chester, Pennsylvania, and
the bill (S. No. 112) to incorporate the Lin-
coln Monument Association.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following joint resolu-
tions, in which the concurrence of the Senate
was requested:
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 45) concern-
ing the payment of claims made by foreign
Governments against the United States for
property destroyed by the armies of the Uni-
ted States;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 46) respecting
the proposed confederation of Provinces on the
northern frontier of the United States ; and
A joint resolution (H. II. No. 47) to amend
an act entitled "An act to provide increased
revenue from imported wool, and for other pur-
poses."
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills and joint resolutions; and they were there-
upon signed by the President pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 63) to authorize the entry and
occupation of a portion of Long Island, in Bos-
ton harbor, for military purposes ;
A bill (S. No. 80) to authorize the Secretary
of the Treasury to sell the Government ware-
houses on Atlantic dock, Brooklyn, New j. ork;
■ A bill (H. R. No. 28) to increase the force
in the Patent Office; .
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 22) declaring
the meaning of the second section of the act
of 2d of March, 1861, relative to property lost
in the military service; and _
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 21) relative to
the issue of agricultural college scrip to the
States lately in rebellion.
presidential approval.
A message from the President of the Uni-
ted States, by Mr. Moore, his Secretary, an-
nounced that he had this day approved and
signed the following bills and joint resolu-
tions :
A bill (S. No. 38) in relation to the acknowl-
edgment of deeds in the District of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 77) supplementary to an act
entitled "An act to reimburse the State of
West Virginia for moneys expended for the
United States «an enrolling, equipping, and
paying military forces to aid in suppressing
the rebellion," approved June 21, 1866;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 25) to'make
valid the laws of New Mexico passed at the
session of the Legislature held at Santa F6
from the 3d day of December, 1866, to the
31st day of January, 1867 ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 29) to termi-
nate a contract of a member of Congress with'
the Post Office Department of the United
States of America ; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 39) concern-
ing the uniform of persons in the diplomatic
service of the United States.
allegations auainst senators.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to call the at-
tention of the Senate to what I suppose is a
privileged question. I wish to make a report
from the Committee on the Judiciary with re-
gard to certain testimony referred to that com- i
mittee, which testimony it was alleged affected
members of this body. The committee have
bad that matter under consideration, and have
instructed me to make a report in writing,
which I send to the desk, together with the
papers. I ask that tho report bo read.
The Secretary read the report, as follows:
Tho Committee on tho Judiciary, to whom was
referred' a resolution of tho Houso of Representa-
tives, transmitting ccrtain testimony, which testi-
mony, as stated in therosolution, " apparently affects
one or more members of the Senate," beg leave to
report:
That the testimony transmitted was taken in the
investigation of a subject wholly disconnected from
the Senate or any of its members, and the allusions
it contains to Senators arc only incidental to the
investigation of tho main_ subject, arc mostly hoar-
say, and altogether of an inconclusivo character, so
far as they relate to Hon. James R. Doolittle and
Hon. David T. Patterson, tho Senators alluded to.
Your committee have, however, resorted to the *
original sources of information on tho subject, and
have examined witnesses on oath whose position was
such that they must have known of any arrangement
or understanding by which the Senators alluded to,
or cither of them, were to he benefited by tho con-
firmation of Mr. Smythe as the collector of the port
of New York, or in any manner to bo sharers in the
general-order, or any othor business connected with
the New York custom-house, and tho testimony fails
to show any such understanding or interest.
However the names of Messrs. Doolittle and
Pattekson may have been used by third parties in
speaking of the general-order business, or whatever
may have been the intention of Mr. Smythe, the-col-
lector, in regard to it, there is no evidence to show
that either of those Senators gave any sanction to
or had any knowledge of such uso of their names or
such intention.
Your committee arc fully satisfied, from an exam-
ination of the testimony referred, the statements of
the Senators themselves, and the additional testi-
mony they have taken, that there is no ground for
believing that either of the Senators named has acted
dishonorably or corruptly in regard to any matter to
which the testimony referred relates, and that there
is nothing in said testimony affecting cither of said
Senators requiringfurtherinvestigation. ihey there-
foi e ask to be discharged from the further consider-
ation of the subject.
Mr. CONKLING. As a member of the
Judiciary Committee I did not agree to this
report, but reserved the right to state my views
in the form of a minority report, which I have
prepared hastily here at my desk; and if there
be no objection I will read it myself, instead
of sending it to the Clerk, as it may not be
very legible to him.
The testimony referred to the Committee on tho
Judiciary discloses repeated instancesi in which Mr.
Smythe, the collector of the port of New York, de-
clared an intention on his part to dispose of tho gen-
eral-order business so as to derive largo sums of
money from it, and to divide this money among
other persons, two of whom, as indicated by him,
were the members of the Senate named in tho report
of a majority of tho committee, or one of said mem-
bers and the son of the other.
These declarations seem to have been made from
time to time after Mr. Smythe became collector, and
as iate as October, 186ft. They in soma instances
