382
</
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
implied an arrangement with other persons, as well
as an intention on the part of Mr. Smytho himself.
Mr. Smytho, in testifying before the committee,
denied that such an arrangement as to a division of
the moneys had been made with others, and stated
that it was only an intention of his own. Ho testi-
fied that this intention was never communicated to
cither ot the Senators referred to, and that nothing
was ever paid to either of them.
The Senators themselves, in communications to
the committee, also denied all privity with the in-
tention of Mr. Smythe to make them sharers in the
general-order business.
No testimony was produced to the committeeshow-
ing that there was knowledge or consent on the part
of the two. Senators referred to or of either of them.
Upon this state of facts the member of the commit-
teo who submits these views thinks the Senators in
question should be exonerated from the imputations
which have been east upon thorn.
In conclusion, the undersigned refers to the testi-
mony taken by the committee and to the communi-
cations mado to it, in the hope that the same may be
printed. ROSCOE CONKLING.
I understand that the chairman of the com-
mittee submits no motion to print this testi-
mony. If no other member of the Senate shall
make that motion, 1 desire to submit such a
motion myself. By the testimony I mean the
sworn testimony taken by the Committee on
the Judiciary, and also the communications
not under oath made by these gentlemen. It
is not bulky, and I think thcro is no reason by
way of convenience or otherwise why it should
not be printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose the question
is at this time on agreeing to the report of the
- committee, and the motion which the Senator
from New York indicates cannot be made at
this stage of the proceeding.
The PRESIDENT tempore. The motion
to print is not now in order, but it will be very
soon.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I agreed to the conclu-
sions of the co.nmiltee and to the form of this
report; taking the whole evidence together, I
think there is nothing which justifies any accu-
sation against either of these gentlemen ; but
I thought it due to them and to the country
and to the Senate and to the House of Repre-
sentatives that the testimony taken before us
should be printed, as well as that which has
been already taken by the House of Repre-
sentatives, and which has been printed and
published ; and my only objection to making
the report in the form in which it is made was
* and is now merely that there ought to have j
been added to this request to be discharged '
from the further consideration of the subject
a motion coming from the committee that this
testimony be printed. In justice to these gen-
tlemen, and injustice to the Senate, I think it
should be done, and I hope, therefore, that
when the proper period conies that motion
will be made.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not understand that
there is any report from the minority of the
committee in conflict at all with the conclusions
to which the majority of the committee have
come. If I heard aright that part of the state-
ment made by the honorable member from
New York, it was not at all intended to reflect
upon the character of these two Senators. I
understood him as concurring with the rest of
the committee ; 1 believe we were unanimous
that there was nothing before us (although we
had exhausted all the proper sources of infor-
mation upon the subject) in any manner affect-
ing injuriously the two gentlemen whose names
appeared in the evidence. I trust, therefore,
that, although there is apparently a minority
report, it will not be understood that there was
any difference of opinion among the members
of the committee upon the subject which was
immediately before us; that is to say, upon
the question whether the two Senators had
acted improperly or not. That they had not,
as far as any evidence before us was concerned,
although we had exhausted all the evidence
we thought could be obtained for the purpose
of enlightening us on the subject, was, I be-
lieve, the unanimous opinion of the com-
mittee.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the report discharging
the committee.
The report was agreed to. I
Mr. CONKLING. Now, I move that the
testimony taken by the committee be printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will state to the Sen-
ate, if I can get its attention for a moment,
what this question is, and why I did not think it
proper, as one member of the committeein mak-
ing the report, which I suppose will be published
as a matter of course, coming from a committee,
to also move to print the testimony. Tljo tes-
timony submitted to the committee consisted
of a printed volume of three hundred and fifty
pages. In those three hundred and fifty pages
there are thirty-two allusions to the Senators
supposed to be affected by the testimony. This
is a large .volume. It has already been printed
by the House of Representatives. This testi-
mony was supposed by the House, in trans-
mitting it, to affect certain members of this
body; and it was sent to the Committee on the
Judiciary with the additional testimony of one
witness in manuscript. The committee, as is
stated in their report, brought before them
witnesses, and their testimony is necessarily
of a negative character. There is nothing in
the testimony of any one of the witnesses
brought before the committee to show any-
thing whatever improper on the part of' these
Senators. So far from it, the testimony re-
moves any suspicion that might be drawn from
this printed volume.
Now, it is proposed to print what? If you
print anything you must reprint the whole of
this book, because you have to search through
this book by reference to thirty-two different
portions of the three hundred and fifty pages
for the allusions which have been made, and
which it was supposed reflected upon certain
Senators. Then you have to compare that
with the testimony submitted to the Judiciary
Committee, and you have to take the state-
ments of the Senators made themselves in this
body. They were before the committee. We
had official notice of the declarations made by
the Senator from Wisconsin and the Senator
from Tennessee 011 this floor. They referred us
to those statements. Now, if you are going to
publish a book, if you are not satisfied witli
the conclusion to which the committee has
come that has examined all these statements,
then publish this book and send it out to the
country; but who will ever read it? There is
no disposition to hide anything, to secrete any-
thing. These are public documeats.
Mr. WILSON. Was not Smythe before
your committee?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes; and we had him
sworn as to this matter. We went into 110 in-
vestigation about custom-liouse affairs in New
York any further than they related to mem-
bers of this body. We confined our examin-
ation to that point. That was the only question
submitted to us. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts, if he is paying attention, will recol-
lect that the testimony which comes out in
regard to Senators here is only incidental.
The House of Representatives had a commit-
tee investigating the doings of the custom-
house in the city of New York. That was
their primary object, hunting up matters there.
In that investigation incidentally allusions were
made to memberg of this body, which they
thought proper to send to us. They did not
follow up that investigation in regard to mem-
bers of this body. It was not the matter they
were investigating. They send it to us and
we take that up. We necessarily have to refer
to this book, in which there are thirty-two
different pages which it was supposed might
have some bearing on Senators incidentally.
The committee have examined those. They
then have brought before them the men who
must know if there is any truth in these sus-
picions. We have had Smythe himself before
us. We have had the man who, if there is any-
thing of it, must know it, and have either com-
mitted perjury or else there was nothing of it.
We have examined him. The testimony is
negative. There is no direct charge in this
volume, but there are inferences or suspicions
perhaps sufficient to justify an inquiry. Now,
I thought it would be injudicious to republish
all this book again and all this testimony. If
anybody wishes to see it the printed volume
is on your table and on the table of every mem-
ber, and the other testimony is with the Secre-
tary, and anybody can examine it who wishes
to do so. It is of a negative character, of course.
I submit that it would be unjust to publish a
part of it, and I did not think there was any
occasion to republish the whole of it. The
committee having examined it, and having
come to the conclusion which the Senate has
adopted, if you have any confidence in the judg-
ment of the committee that the testimony shows
nothing against these gentlemen, there is no
object in republishing this volume. That is all
I have to say. If the Senate think proper to
publish it, do so.
Mr. CONKLING. Whenever the Senator
from Illinois makes up his mind to do any-
thing we all know that he is able to give rea-
sons plausible at least for the action which he
proposes to take; and yet I submit to him that
his remarks to the Senate illustrate rather his
own ingenuity than any objection there is to
this motion. Who proposes to republish the
volume which has already been published by
the House of Representatives and laid upon
our table? Who can propose rationally to do
any such thing? It has been printed, printed
by the Public Printer ; it comes here as a pub-
lic document; and what member of this body
proposes, or what suggestion of anybody else
would lead to,the idea that we must republish
that book? Certainly, I make no such motion,
and I promise the Senator from Illinois that I
will make no such motion. Who can propose
that the speeches delivered by these Senators
here on the floor, and published in the Globe,
and never even referred to this committee,
shall be published with this report? Certainly
I have made 110 such motion, and I shall not
make it. My motion is simply that that testi-
mony, brief, which can be cheaply published,
and which the public will want to see, which
was taken by the Judiciary Committee of the
Senate in a very short space of time, shall not
be pigeon-holed and put away where any one
can suppose that the committee or anybody
else wants to conceal it; but that this boot,
having been laid upon the tables and published
to the world, the speeches delivered in the
Senate having been published to the world,
this testimony also, small as it is in bulk, and
cheaply as it will be printed, may not consti-
tute an exception to the rule, may not be kept
secret, but that that also may be laid upon the
tables of Senators and be open to the eye of
the public if they see fit to look at it.
One of these gentlemen presented to the
committee a written communication. Mr.
Smythe presented a written communication;
another person, or more than one, presented a
written communication. And then the com-
mittee briefly examined on oath Mr. Smythe
and one other person. Now, as one member
of this committee, whether I look to doing
justice to these two Senators, or whether I look
to justice being done to any other person con-
nected with this matter, or justice being done
to myself as a member of the committee, I
want the Senate to see and I want the public
to know precisely what we had before us upon
which we affirm, as we all do, that these Sen-
ators deserve to be exonerated. The Senator
from Illinois says that this testimony is nega-
tive, that it shows that they are guiltless and
stainless. Is it not due to them for that reason
that the Senate and the world should see it?
Wliy hide it under^a bushel, or let it smolder
in a pigeon-hole? Among the ethics of the
Romans was a maxim as to morality, that wo
should not only be, but we should se'em; that a
thing should be done not only right in fact, but
right in appearance. So I think; and there-
fore I should like to have everybody know in
regard to this matter precisely what took place
in the committee-room as far as it is matter
of record; and I should like it for this reason :
it is idle to deny that this matter of the custom-
house in the city of New York, whether it
extends to many persons or only to a few, is
