1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
one upon which the public, the commercial
public and the general public, look with great
interest and with great concern. They believe
that a very unwholesome state of things exists
in the administration of that office, and has
existed for^a long time. It appears in this
printed volume that the present collector of
that port proposed to sell, to give, to dispose
of in some way upon his own favor the gen-
eral* order business, and to receive for that
business a sum variously stated, sometimes as
$40,000, and once or twice as $50,000. It
appears that the only three surviving ex-col-
lectors, Mr. Barney, Mr! Redfield, and Mr.
Schell, appeared before that committee and
stated that such a proposition, such an act
was, as far as they understood, unknown iu the
experieflce of the custom-house. It appears
that this money to be thus acquired in an un-
precedented way, to say the least of it, was to
be divided upon the favor of the collector
among various friends of Ms.
Now, sir, that transaction is an unwholesome,
an illicit, and improper one, deserving, in my
judgment, the brand which enlightened public
judgment will be certain to place upon it.
There is enough, therefore, in this transaction
to teach us that the public will scrutinize it;
and the sole motive that I have in asking that
this brief testimony may be published is that
the public may understand as to the Senate,
as to its committee, and as to the humblest
member of its committee, that nothing was done
which ought not to have been done; but that
without going at all into the general question
of what had been done at the port of New York,
the committee, upon the evidence before it on
one single point, namely, that evidence as it
affected two members of this body, found that
an acquittal, an exoneration was due to them
as the result of that evidence. * It can do no-
body injustice ; but I submit that great injus-
tice might be done, aift that great harm might
come, from any action which would look as if,
from any motive whatever, there was a disposi-
tion anywhere to withhold from the public what
I think the public is entitled to know.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If any illustration were
jvanted of the impropriety of the Senator's
motion, it would be found in his speech. In
commenting upon this question in regard to
testimony affecting members of this body the
Senator has gone into a speech in reference
to the conduct of the New York custom-
house, and what three former collectors have
testified to as to their practice, and as to
$40,000 or $50,000 having been offered. Now,
I do not propose to mix up the Senators in
this body with any such transactions in New
York [Mr. Cokklixg. Nor I] about which
they know nothing, and with which they had
nothing to do, and with which the testimony
shows they had nothing to do, and with which
we ha^e reported that they had nothing to do.
The Senator makes a speech on that subject,
and talks about hiding from the public. Why,
sir, are the documents laid on your table in
open Senate hid away from the public ? Will
not every reporter in your galleries make
copies of them if he desires to do so? Nobody
has any intention of hiding them.
But now what is the Senator's motion ?
His motion is to publish a part of the testi-
mony before the Committee on the Judiciary.
His motion is that, and nothing else.
Mr. CONKLING. Not at all. All that
has been referred to the committee and pub-
lished already, I do not propose to republish ;
but I do propose to complete the publication
of the testimony by publishing that which has
not yet been published. That is all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. How will that be pub-
lished? You get up a publication of twenty
pages, giving a part of the case, and the rest of
it ?s in a volume of three hundred and fifty
pages. Will that show the case to the public?
You must wade through the volume relating
to New York fra ids. That was all referred
to this committee the whole of it was before
us; and in that book there are thirty-two ref-
erences upon thirty-two different pages to this
matter. Now you propose to publish a part,
to have a partial statement go out. If any-
thing is to be published, publish it all. I haye
-no objection to its being published if the Sen-
ate think proper to publish it. There is no
necessity fqr publishing it, but if it is to be
published, publish the whole of it, and all
about it, and all the statements, and I appre-
hend the public eye, which the Senator from
New York talks about, will never peruse it.
So far as it is connected with these gentlemen,
the committee have examined all this mass
of testimony and have taken some-evidence
themselves, and have arrived at a conclusion
which has been approved by the Senate. The
report, as a matter of course, will be published,
and anybody that wants to see the grounds
upon which the report is based may go and ex-
amine these voluminous papers and ascertain
the basis of the report if he desires to do so.
Now, sir, I wish to take up no time about
this matter. If the Senate wish to make the
the publication I have no objection, but the
committee did not think it necessary to make
such a recommendation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to remind my
friend from Illinois that the report itself, if
I correctly understand the rules of the Senate,
cannot be printed without an order. It has
been the constant practice whenever a report
is made, if it is desired that it should be printed,
that there should be a motion and an order
made. It requires, therefore, the action of the
Senate to print the very report that my friend
from Illinois has submitted. Now, then, the.
simple question is whether, in addition to print-
ing that report, provided we should order its
printing, the evidence upon which that report
is based, the additional evidence which has
not already been printed by older of one House,
should be printed, or whether it should be laid
away in the files of the Senate for anybody to
get at who might take an interest in it. That
question arose in committee, as has been well
understood from what has been said, and 1
voted against making the report at all, not
upon the ground that there was anything to
justify the charges against the gentleman ac-
cused, but upon the ground that the majority
of the committee decided that they would not
recommend that the evidence be printed. I
thought, to say nothing of the innate impro-
priety of such a proceeding as that, that every-
body who was disposed to find fault, everybody
who was disposed to accuse these gentlemen,
everybody, therefore, who was disposed to re-
flect'upon the conduct of the Senate or any of
its members, could say with great plausibility,
if not with justice, that we were undertaking
to suppress and to cover up the evidence upon
which we based our conclusions, when, if it
were spread before the world, the world would
see that we had made a mistake, and that the
evidence did not justify the report we had
spread upon the records of the Senate.
Now, I beg the Senate to understand that
the testimony which was sent to_ us by the
House of Representatives, and which was re-
ferred to this committee, has been all pub-
lished by authority, and it is a useless waste of
public money to reprint it, because you would
only reprint it in the same types you have
used once before and have exactlj'the same
thing; but my friend from Illinois says, how is
anybody to know what the truth is from this
evidence; he has got to look into two volumes
to get it all. That is to say a man has to
lake one bundle which contains this testimony,
and another which contains the report and the
additional testimony. My friend is old enough
lawyer to know that he cannot settle any law
question without looking into more than one
volume, and yet lie lias settled a great many.
It will be no hardship to the inquirer after
truth, to the people of this country, who are
as much concerned as we are in the purity of
the conduct of every member of the Senate,
and in the duty of the Senate to preserve its
dignity and its decorum—it will be no great
hardship to print at the public expense the
testimony of two or three witnesses who testi-
fied affirmatively to matters within their knowl-
edge and not to hearsay, and the statements
taken upon honor from thes£ Senators, ac-
cording to the practice of the Senate, as to
their knowledge of the affair. It does seem
to me that the simplest dictates of justice and
decency and fair play require that, inasmuch
as these innuendoes and insinuations and sus-
picions and accusations have already been
published by the authority of Congress, the
full and complete denial and justification of
the conduct of these gentlemen should be
printed also. Let our report, therefore, be
fortified by this testimony rather than ex-
posed to the insinuation and the criticism that
we have undertaken to whitewash and cover
up something which the testimony did not (
authorize us to do.
Mr. DIXON. In relation to this question,
whether the testimony now submitted or any
part of it shall be ordered to be printed by the
Senate, I have no wish, nor have I on that
point a word to say. That is to me a matter
wholly indifferent. For my own part, how-
ever, [ see nothing which can be called testi-
mony to print. What has the Senator from
Illinois, the chairman of the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom this matter was referred,
told us? He informs us that there was not a
single word of evidence, not an iota, not the
slightest approach to a particle of testimony to
show that either of the Senators in question
had been guilty of the charge brought against
them. I go further, and say that before the
House committee there not only was no testi-
mony against either of them, but all the testi-
mony was that they were not guilty ; that they
had received nothing, that they never had heard
of a proposition that they should receive any-
thing. I go further still, and say that before
the committee of the House of Representatives,
according to their own .report laid upon our
table, all tho'evidenee was actually affirmative
of their entire innocence. Itpositively declared
by the united voice of every witness that they
had received nothing, that nothing had ever
been proposed to be given to thorn, that they
never had, on any occasion, the subject brought
to their attention.
Under these circumstances, it seems to me
that this whole proceeding is the most extraor-
dinary that has ever been brought before a
deliberative body. We, as Senators, suppose
when we come into this Chamber, that it we
walk honestly, if we keep our Senatorial robes
unspotted, we are safe. It seems that this is
no longer the case. If a thought happens to
flit through the mind of some individual out-
side of this body that at some time or other
he will offer or propose to pay to a Senator a
sum of money as a reward for some benefac-
tion which he may suppose himself to have
received, then it seems the Senator as to whom
he may happen to entertain such an idea is
liable to be charged with a heinous offense, lo
be placed upon his defense, and to_ be con-
sidered guilty until he proves himself innocent.
Sir, this is no light and trifling thing. I do
not claim that the feelings of a Senator are
more sensitive than those of other men. But
what is the position in which a, man of honor
may be placed, keenly sensitive to any stain
upon his honor, held up before the country, as
in this instance, for a period of six weeks,
charged in the newspaups with having re-
ceived a bribe, and he sitting here compelled
to endure all the tortures that an honorable
man would suffer under that imputation ? And
yet the Senator who sits behind me, who is
now absent, [Mr. Doolittle,] because he in-
dignantly before this body denied the imputa- ■
tion and charged home upon the assailant, has
himself been subjected, here, and elsewhere,
to reproach for so doing, and because his spirit
did flame up in indignation, as yours, sir,
would, and as mine would under the same
circumstances, he has been denounced as an
assailant and an aggressor.
