884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
I know, sir, how improper it would be for
me to comment with, severity at this time upon
a proceeding of the House of Representatives
or upon the conduct of a member of a committee
of the House 8f Representatives, and I do not
intend to do so ; but still I can scarcely forbear
from saying what is signally noticeable here,
that this committee of the -House of Represent-
atives never had before them the slightest tes-
timony to impugn the character of either of
these Senators. They inust have known that
there was no guilt on the part of either of them
if they were capable of forming an opinion upon
the testimony before them.
Sir, it is a difficult matter to speak of this
case within the prescribed rules of order. To
say that this committee did not know, with all
the evidence before them, that these Senators
were wholly innocent is to impugn their com-
petency and intelligence and deny them the
possession of common sense. To say, on the
other hand, that they knew them to be inno-
cent would be to attack their integrity, and to
deny them the possession of common honesty.
Such is the dilemma in which they have placed
themselves. I think, however, I have a right
in the absence of my friend to call the atten-
tion of the Senate and the country to the great
fact that he has been compelled to stand up
here in self-defence, without the slightest scin-
tilla of evidence against him, and without even
a formal accusation. He is now absent. The
other Scnator'is present, and in his presence
I will not speak of him; but I may say of my
absent friend what I think every Senator will
agree with me in saying, that if there is a man
in this body blameless in his habitual conduct,
pure, white, unspotted in his character, it is
James R. Doouttlu. You, sir, and others
differ from him politically, but I think there is
no Senator who has served wife him in this
body who will not bear testimony that I speak
but the exact truth when I speak thus of him.
Sir, this is not an ordinary case of an accu-
sation unsustained—a charge unproved. It is
the case of an honorable, incorruptible man,
subjected not only without a witness against
him, but without an accuser, foavngue, shadowy,
undefined suspicion. I rejoice that the Judi-
ciary Committee have had an opportunity to
exhibit it in its true light, and to show that
there not only is no evidence of guilt, but that
there is not presented even a charge of mis-
conduct or an accusation of impropriety. *
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, this is not
a question of politics, of policy, or even of
economy. It is simply a question of justice.
The evidence affecting these Senators has been
published by the House of Representatives;
let the evidence exonerating them taken by
the Senate committee be published by the
Senate ; and then putting the two volumes to-
gether the country will have the whole case.
It is true, the committee made a report exoner-
ating these Senators; but all the evidence pub-
lished is evidence oil the other side. Let the
evidence sustaining this report be published,
and it cannot be said that it is a whitewashing
affair.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. I wish,
if this testimony is to be printed, that the tes-
timony of the man Hull, read here the other
day, shall be printed with it.
Mr. FREHNGHUYSEN. The testimony
which has been taken before the Committee on
the Judiciary all relates to the exculpation of
the two Senators. Ji would be great injustice
to them, and great injustice to the committee,
to have that only published, for the public
mind would at once say, "This is very well
for one side of it; but where is the other side
to which this testimony is in answer and which
it rebuts?" Therefore it is a necessity, if the
testimony which was taken before the Judiciary
Committee is to be published, that the other be
published. It is unnecessary to say that that
is already printed, for to all intents and pur-
poses it is not printed unless it is printed in
connection with the.report and with the testi-
mony which we have taken. If the Senate see
proper to print all together that is fair j but to
print part of it, and to refer the public to the
archives to hunt up the testimony which that
rebuts, is injustice.
Mr. BUCKALEW. When this subject was
before the Senate on a former occasion I was
in favor of the resolution offered.by the Sen-
ator from Missouri, that the communication
which came from the House of Representatives
should be respectfully returned to that body;
and I was in favor of it for the reason that
upon the very face of the matter which they
communicated to us it did not appear that
there was reasonable cause for prosecuting any
inquiry. Now, sir, for the same reason which
then operated on my mind in favor of the
motion submitted by the Senator from Mis-
souri, I am opposed to the printing of the tes-
timony taken by the House of Representatives
or by its committee. Upon the very face of
that testimony it appeared that there was no
occasion, that there was no sufficient cause, in
my judgment, for instituting an inquiry upon
this subject. So far as I observe and under-
stand,'there was no legal testimony whatever
taken by that committee; I mean testimony
which would be admitted in a court of justice
anywhere in this country under Federal or
State authority. It was but a mass of hearsay,
of indirect, illegal information in a judicial
point of view, which was wholly undeserving
of the attention of ciJhcr House of Congress ;
and I hold that the committee of the House
made a grave error in accepting such testimony
from any witness eallcd before them. They
ought to have proceeded upon those rules for
the investigation of questions of' fact which
obtain everywhere in judicial tribunals, and
which are necessary, which are indispensable
for the ascertainment of truth and for the
furtherance of the ends of justice.
Now, sir, I think we have dignified this hear-
say, this illegal, this improper evidence taken
by the House committee too much already by
referring the subject to a committee of this
body. I am willing that the report which that
committee has made shall go to the country.
I suppose it will bo accepted by the country as
satisfactory and as a final disposition of the
subject. I for one, however, will not give dig-
nity and importance to a mass of irrelevant
and illegal testimony which has been taken in
secret and ex parte by a committee of the
House, by the sanction of a vote of this Sen-
ate, and I will not say by a vote of this Senate
that it is important, that it is consequential
enough to be obtruded upon the reading com-
munity, and to be pondered upon and studied
by the reading community throughout the
country.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is 011 the motion of the Senator from New
York, to print the evidence taken by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SHERMAN. And the Senator from
Tennessee suggested the testimony of Mr. Hull
with it.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. Yes, sir ;
I want the testimony of Hull printed.
Mr. CONKLINGr. - I include that in my
motion at the suggestion of the Senator from
Tennessee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to amend the
motion by printing all the testimony before the
committee relating in any way to the Senators
referred to. Let it all go together.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois.
Mr. CONKLING. It is a mere useless ex-
pense, I submit, to print over again from the
same type and in the same way and lay on the
table a second time this volume of evidence.
My motion is to print simply the brief evidence
taken by the Judiciary Committee, including
of course the unsworn statements of these gen-
tlemen themselves, and I modified my motion,
upon the suggestion of the Senator from Ten-
nessee, so as to inclnde3he testimony of Hull,
which he wishes to hare printed. That is all;
bat I object entirely to reprinting all this testi-
mony.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is so manifestly im-
proper to put out a publication of this partial
character that I trust the Senate will not pub-
lish it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The House have done it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not think the ex-
ample of the House is to be commended in that
respect. ■ Both the Senators made statements
here. _ Those statements were made by them
in their place. They came before the Judiciary
Committee, and thijir statements made in this
bodywere there referred to astheirstatements.
It is improper to publish this without publish-
ing those statements. We relied upon those
statements in nuking up our report, and said
that from the statements of the Senators and
the other testimony we came to a certain con-
clusion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Those statements were
made before us also.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not at length. The
Senator from Tennessee referred to the state-
ment he made in the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And said it was true.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And said it was true;
but he did not repeat the statement there. The
Senator from Wisconsin also made a lengthy
statement. Now, these statements ought to
go out with the rest of the testimony if it goes
at all.
Again, it seems strange to me to say that
because in a volume of three hundred and fifty
pages there is certain testimony relating to
these Senators which has been published by
the House of Representatives, therefore the
public understand it and can find it when you
put out a little documenthere containing simply
the sworn testimony of two or three witnesses.
You might as.well hide it, as the Senator from
New York said, in a pigeon-hole. It is more
effectually hid in this la^je document published
by the House. You must either select out the
thirty-two pages of that document which refer
in any way, however remote or indirect—and
it was very remotely and indirectly as I think—■
to the Senators alluded to, and publish these
thirty-two pages, or you must publish the whole
of it.
Mr. HOWARD. Why not make the selec-
tion?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It would take some
time, and would be a very tedious task. The
Senator from New York, proposes simply to
publish what was sworn to before the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, including the state-
ments made before the committee by the two
Senators. One of them made no statement
except to refer to what he said in the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is the same thing
as if he had repeated it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then who,will know
what his statement is when that is published?
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Secretary who has
these things printed will.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If you are going to
make a publication at all—and that I do not
object to if the Senate think it proper—pub-
lish all that has been said with reference to
the matter, whether it is in the printed docu-
ment or whether it is anywhere else.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not wish to recapitu-
late what I have said before; but it does seerai
to me the Senate had better leave its executive
business until after the close of the legislative
session. There is important business on the
table. There is this very question, which ought
not to be brushed aside in this way, but ought
to be acted upon definitely. Then there are
four or five important bills that the Sen#e
ought to act upon, and I do submit that it
would be better for us to proceed with the con-
sideration of the legislative business, and leave
the executive business to be disposed of after-
ward in an executive session.
Mr. HENDERSON. There is evidently no
