380
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table."
The latter motion was agreed to.
The evidence presented by the Speaker was
also ordered to be referred to the committee
when appointed.
leave 03? absence. *
The SPEAKER asked and obtained indef-
inite leave of absence for Mr. McCarthy.
enrolled bill and joint resolution signed.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee 'on _ Enrolled Bills, reported that
they had examined and found truly enrolled a
bill and joint resolution of the following titles;
when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (JJ. 11. No. 28) to increase theJorce
in the Patent Office; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 21) relative to
the issue of agricultural college scrip to the
States lately in rebellion.
new york custom-house.
Mr. BROOMALL, by unanimous consent,
offered the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That five hundred copies of the report
and accompanying testimony of the Committee on
Public Expenditures of the Thirty-Ninth Congress
be delivered to the Committoe on Public Expendi-
tures of this Congress.
Mr. WOOD. I call for the regular order.
chester, pennsylvania.
The House resumed the consideration of the
regular order, being Senate bill No. 96, to
establish a port of delivery at Chester, Penn-
sylvania, pending at the adjournment yester-
daj.
The bill makes Chester, Pennsylvania, a port
of delivery, and provides for the appointment
of a surveyor, at a salary of $500 per annum.
Mr. RROOMALL. This is a matter that
interests only my district. The bill comes from
the Treasury Department and is approved by
all parties interested. It is a very small matter,
and 1 will not take up the time of the House
upon it unless some gentleman desires to ask
some question relating to it. I call the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. BROOMALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
morning hour.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
now commenced, and the first business in order
is the call of the committees for reports, com-
mencing with the Committee on the Judiciary.
cr.aims of northern creditors.
Mr. BOUTWELL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, reported back joint resolution
of the House No. 1, relative to claims of cer-
tain northern creditors, and recommended con-
currence in the amendments of the Senate to
the same.
The joint resolution recitos the fact that
there was paid to the Citizens' Bank of New
Orleans, prior to the 1st day of May, 1862, a
sum exceeding half a million dollars, the pro-
ceeds of such confiscation of northern credits,
of which there remained to the credit of the
confederate States receivers, in such bank, the
sum of $219,090 94 only, on the 1st day of
May, at the time of the occupation of the city
of New Orleans by the forces of the United
States, which said sum, by the order of the gen-
eral then commanding the department of the
Gulf, was seized for the benefit of the northern
creditors whose debts had been thus confiscated,
and said sum was by him sent to the Secretary
of the Treasury of the United States, to be by
him held in trust for the benefit of said northern
creditors: and that owing to a doubt entertained
by the Secretary of the Treasury us to his legal
authority to distribute said sum of $219,090 94
among' the creditors to whom it belongs, and
to determine the rights of each to his_ portion
thereof, the money has lain thus undisturbed
in the Treasury since July,. 1862, to the great
injury and detriment of the just and lawful
owners thereof, although they may have made
many applications to have the same; and there-
fore resolves,
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and hereby
is, authorized to appoint a commission of three per-
sons, one of whom shall be learned in the law, to hear
and determine the various claims of the parties who
are entitled to said sum of $219,090 94, ratably among
the persons who shall presont their claims and be
entitled thereto, to an amount not exceeding the
claim of each when confiscated, with interest thereon:
Ptooidcd, That any claim which shall not be presented
within three months after public notice of a meeting
of commissioners to receive such claim shall not be
allowed or paid by order of said commissioners: And
provided further, That the cost of said commission
shall be paid out of said money.
The amendments of the Senate were as fol-
lows :
Strike out all after "of" in line eleven of the pre-
amble to "only" m line thirteen, and insert in lieu
thereof " $178,897 50."
Strike out all after " of" in line twenty-two of the
preamble to " among " in line twenty-three, and in-
sert in lieu thereof $178,897 50."
Page 2, strike out all after "to" in line three to the
end of the resolution, and insert in lieu thereof the
following:
Take and report to Congress evidence in support
of the claims of the several parties whose debts were
sequestered and contributed to produce said sum of
$178,897 50, together with the date atwhich such debts
were contracted and tho interest accrued thereon to
thedatoof such report: Provided, Thatthesaidcom-
mission sliailgive public notice of the timeand place
at which such claims shall be presented by advertis-
ing t.he same m some newspaper published in each
of thecitiesof Boston,NewYork,Philadelphia,and
New Orleans for three months: and no claim shall be
considered unless it shall be presented at or before
the time so advertised: And provided further. That
the cost of said commission shall'be paid out of said
money.
_,Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to lay the resolu-
tion and amendments on the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts has the floor.
Mr. BOUTWELL. This is following the
resolution that passed the House a few days'
since. It was found that there was an error in
the amount of money in the Treasury subject
to this appropriation, and accordingly it has
been changed from $219,000 to $178,879 50,
which was ascertained to be the true sum. The
other change is in relation to the report of the
commissioners, which is first to be made to
Congress for final action here. Unless there
are inquiries, I demand the previous question.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Will the gentleman yield?
Mr. BOUTWELL. Foran inquiry.
Mr. SCOFIELD. This is in effect a bill
directing the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
debts owing by certain rebels to certain loyal
men in the North. That is all there is of it,
as I understand. Itpassed the House the other
day without much consideration. It occurred
to me it was not fully understood at the time.
It went through in haste. Therefore I propose
at the proper time to move to lay the resolution
and amendments on the table.
If I understand it, the commanding general
at New Orleans seized certain moneys belong-
ing to the confederate gevernment and de-
posited them in the Treasury of the United
States. He said in making the deposit, as
reported, that the fund was to be applied to
pay certain creditors at tho North whose claims
had been confiscated by the rebel States, these
being the proceeds of that confiscation. If
that order was made by the commanding gen-
eral it was a simple nullity. He was simply
authorized to seize any property that belonged
to the rebels or confederate government, and
when seized it belonged to the United States.
If the confederate government came in posses-
sion of that money under the pretext that they
were saizing property that belonged to certain
men in the North it was a nullity so far as
those northern creditors are concerned. They
look to their rebel debtors now. The laws of
the States and of the United States are open
to them, and they can collect their own debts
from those whom they favored and by whom
they stood before the war, and whom they,
many of them, afterward stood by. Now, this
money which was seized, being then in the
hands of the confederate government, was
• seized for the benefit of the United States,
and ought to be left iu the Treasury of the
United States, and ought not to be paid out
by these men. Now, I propose to move to
lay this bill and the amendments upon the table.
But I will not do so for the present.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I now yield to my col-
league. [Mr. Bctleb,] who has knowledge of
this subject.
Mr. BUTLER. If the House will permit
me, I will make a simple statement of fact.
When the Army of the United States came to
New Orleans they found in the hands of va-
rious agents of the confederate government
ships,-steamers, and other property belonging
to loyal citizens of the North, but which had
been seized by that government. Where the
property was in specie, its form had not been
changed. Acting on the well-known rule of
restitution, the commanding general ordered
the ships and other property to be restored.
In examining the accounts of the rebel gov-
ernment in the banks it was found that certain
moneys belonging to loyal citizens of the North
had been seized by confederate States receiv-
ers. Of these moneys there was some which
consisted of dividends of a bank or the divi-
dends of an insurance company; some con-
sisted of interest due on mortgages to men in
the North; some of freights on charter-parties,
&c.; all of which the confederate government
had ordered to be paid to their receivers; and
the money had been so paid to the amount of
about half a million dollars. Of that sum
there had been draws' out by the confederate
government all except about one hundred and
seventy-nine thousand dollars, the amount
embraced in this resolution.
Under these circumstances, after due con-
sideration, that sum was taken possession of
by the commanding general. It would have
been restored to the loyal owners, except for
the reason that there was not enough to pay
them all. To avoid any possible injustice that
money was sent as a special fund to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to be distributed. But it
remains, not in the Treasury of the United
States; it remains in the hands of the Treas-
urer as such special deposit. It has never
gone into the Treasury of the United States;
in my judgment it ought never to go there. It
was the duty of the United States, by its armies
and navies, and by the prompt execution of its
laws, to have prevented the rebellion, and thus
have protected its citizens in their rights of prop-
erty. But, alas! we did not act promptly, we
did not protect our citizens; and when the con-
quering Army of the Republic came there it
seemed to be their duty to restore to loyal men
what the disloyal men had taken from them
before the insurrection haa ripened into the
great war which it afterward became; a public
territorial war, altering entirely the rights of
individualsas between themselves and the Gov-
ernment.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
agreed to the concurrent resolution of tho
House in relation to the adjournment of the
present session of Congress, with an amend-
ment, in which the concurrence of the House
was requested.
claims of northern creditors—-again.
Mr. SCOFIELD. With the permission of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. But-
ler,] I will state that some citizens of Penn-
sylvania were the owners of a freighting steam-
boat on the Ohio river. While the boat was
down the Mississippi river somewhere, about
the time the rebellion broke out, it was seized
by the confederate forces. It was afterward
retaken by our forces. The owners of the
boat then applied to Congress to have the boat
returned to them, it having been captured by
our forces as rebel property. The bill was
pressed by the able members from Pennsyl-
vania representing the Pittsburg portion of
