1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
387
the State j but after consideration and discus-
sion the House determined that the boat
should not be surrendered ; that it having been
taken by the rebels, and then recaptured by
our armies, it was enemy's property, and be-
longed to the Government, and that the owners
of that boat must look for redress to the same
sources that other loyal citizens must look to
for their losses.
But the case here presented is a much worse
one. It relates to money now in the Treasury
of the United States belonging to the United
States. And it is proposed to take that money
and distribute it among persons who have
legal claims against individuals in the South
which they can enforce under our laws.
Mr. BUTLER. I am glad the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] has called
my attention to the ease which he has men-
tioned ; because it illustrates the exact distinc-
tion between the two cases. In the case to
which he has referred a boat was captured by
the enemy's armed forces, and when retaken
by our forces the title vested in our Govern-
ment, and it ought not to have been restored
to its former owners. Here was property of
citizens of the United States which fell into the
hands of the insurrectionists at the beginning
of the war. It cannot be considered a capture,
and that makes the difference as to the question
of right* I examined the question with a great
deal of care, and in the case of the steamboat
Morning Light, belonging to a gentleman of
Pittsburg, I believe after full consideration I
returned it to him ; and the ground on which I
did so was that the owner did not send it into
the insurrectionary districts after the war com-
menced ; he did not of his own choice expose
it to capture ; but he being in the lawful pursuit
of his occupation the war overtook him, and his
property was taken. If he had sent his steam-
boat down the Mississippi after the war had
commenced, and the steamboat had been cap-
tured by the rebels, it would have stood in the
same position as any other property taken by
act of war.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to ask the gentleman a question: when the
captured property of a citizen is subsequently
recaptured, is not the title of the property re-
vested in the lawful owner by the law of post-
liminy?
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. Speaker, although it
is with great diffidence that I differ from so
learned a gentleman as my friend from Penn-
sylvania, and although this question would
make on my side, I must say that the jus post-
liminii applies only to real estate and to slaves
under the Roman law, which were quasi real
estate for this purpose; that personal property
vests ipso factory the capture in the captnring
Government unless recaptured before it is
brought to a place of safety.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. The
gentleman is a good lawyer, and probably more
learned on this question than 1 am; but my
impression is that captures of real estate are
not recognized under the law of war. By the
general rule (I know a different- one prevailed
among the Romans, but that was an exceptional
case) all " captures by land and sea" are re-
ferable I think to personal property only.
Mr. BUTLER. Maritime captures stand
on a different ground. But, as I understand,
when a portion of territory is captured by a
conquering army, that territory belongs to the
sovereign. If it has been previously captured
by his enemies and has previously belonged to
his subjects, the subject's right is revested
under the jus postliminii j and this is the
extent of the doctrine of jus postliminii.
My reason for venturing to differ with my
learned friend from Pennsylvania is that I had
to discuss this question at great length and
with much care with the rebel commissioner
of exchange, Judge Ould, in regard to our
captured colored soldiers; and I believe I have
stated the doctrine with the full limitation.
As I ur/ierstaud the question, when the sov-
ereign captures personal property that has
been before taken by the enemy from the sub-
ject, it instantly vests in the sovereign if it
has been brought to a place of safety. If it
has not been, then the rule laid down by my
friend from Pennsylvania applies. Therefore,
I held that a slave captured by us or coming
within our lines, even if he had been property
at the South, became our property, and we
had the right to emancipate him or do what
we pleased with him. Therefore every slave
escaping from the enemy into our lines became
a freeman, and when enlisted in our ranks was
to be protected .as a soldier; and that the
southern confederacy could not set up any
right of property in him in his former owner,
when captured by them, if there had ever been
any such right.
Now, I distinguish the case of this property
covered by this resolution from any that has
been captured. It was property in the lawful
process of business in the South, taken there
before the war had commenced. If it had been
captured by act of war after the war had com-
menced, then there was an end of it. It was in
a specific form, so that each man could pick
out his own share. I think it ought to be
restored as an act of justice. As I have already
stated, other property acquired in like man-
ner has been restored ; afid, sir, this would
have been restored, but the commanding gen-
eral had no time to decide upon the rights of
these parties. The Secretary of the Treasury
cannot do that now, and therefore Congress
has been called upon, not to take the money
out of the Treasury of the United States, not
to pay rebel debts, but for the purpose of
restoring the property of loyal men, lost with-
out their fault, and which fell into the posses-
sion of the United States, which the Govern-
ment of the United States as an act of justice
ought to return.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I will say that the sub-
stance of this joint resolution has not been
before the Judiciary Committee or before any
committee of this House. It was passed ori-
ginally on the motion of my colleague. The
action of the committee relates to amendments
in the line of perfecting this resolution, and
therefore 1 was instructed by the committee
to report concurrence with the Senate. The
committee itself has never passed upon the
substantive proposition of the resolution. My
individual opinions are in favor of the propo-
sition. On that, however, we do not advise
the House.
enrolled bill signed. v
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled an act (S. No.
80) to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury
to sell the Government warehouses on Atlan-
tic dock, Brooklyn, New York; when the
Speaker signed the same.
claims op northern creditors again.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I knew
very well that the gentleman from Massachu-
setts last upon the floor, in reporting these
amendments, did not give the sanction of
the committee with which he is connected to
the original resolution, and it was partly be-
cause I saw the committee carefully avoided
making any comment on it, and because when
the resolution passed originally the House did
not pay as much attention as it was in the
habit of giving such measures, that I proposed
to make a test vote on this kind of legislation
by moving that it be laid on the table.
Mr. BUTLER. You will never h'ave any
occasion to pass on this kind of thing again in
the House, because I believe I can state with-
out prejudice that no money ever was sent here
under like circumstances.
Mr. SCOFIELD. There are other moneys
in the United States Treasury which might be
claimed with more merit by northern creditors
than this can be claimed by the men to whom
we propose to give it. We have large amounts
of money, the proceeds of sales of confiscated
cotton, locomotives, cars, and other things;
and not. onlv railroads, but other property
taken from-the ooirf&deracy: arms, ammuni-
tion, military equipments of various kinds,
which have been sold and the money put into
the Treasury; and I say that individuals who
have suffered from the rebels by the seizure
of their property have the same right to como
to the Government and ask us to take money
out of the Treasury to pay them. When they
have claims against southern men you might
as well say tliey ought to have this money
which we got for nothing. Why should it not
as well be distributed among people who have
suffered, who have lost their all during the
rebellion? They might as well say "Giveus a
small portion of the large amount you have
realized from the sale of confiscated cotton."
They might say "We have no claim against
any responsible persons, not even against the
Government, but here you have a fund out of
which we can be paid." The northern cred-
itor has a claim upon the southern debtor.
We have no evidence he is not responsible
and the money cannot be collected.
Mr. BUTLER. In the case of captured cot-
ton and other property, Congress has provided
that the Court of Claims may restore the prop-
erty if taken from loyal men.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman misun-
derstands me. I am not speaking of the men
who have lost cotton. I am speaking of men
who have perhaps lost their whole fortune, and
making them whole out of the money made
from confiscated cotton, as the gentleman from
Massachusetts proposes to make certain north-
ern creditors whole out of moneys we captured.
Mr. BUTLER. I understand the gentleman
perfectly; but I say in case of all captures of
abandoned property we have already provided
that the Court of Claims may take jurisdiction
and restore that which belongs to loyal men
if they file their claims within two years. We
cannot send these men to the Court of Claims,
because the money has lain in the Treasury
for almost five years without any notice being
taken of it, and the statute of limitation applies.
This is a case sui generis; it stands on its
own merits; and 1 am only sorry that from my
knowledge of the facts these northern men, no
one of whom I knew, should have so poor an
advocate. The facts are before the House. It
is but an act of justice, and it seems rather
hard because we can not do justice to all that
we should take that which belongs to these
men. My friend says that the creditors will
have their remedy against their southern debt-
ors. Sir, your bankrupt law, passed last session
will cut olf all remedy. They have no remedy
in fact. You take it away from them, and it is
gone forever. If that is the judgment of the
House, I bow, as I always do, to constitutional
authority.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If this resolution is to
pass I think there should be an amendment to
it, that the United States should become the
trustee of this fund.
Mr. BUTLER. If that is put as a question,
I must answer my friend by saying that I would
not give him the paper that it is written upon
for all these claims. We mustdeal with great
things and not with small.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I now demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to lay the resolu-
tion and amendments on the table.
The motion was agreed to—ayes 67, nces 23.
Mr. BUTLER. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The SPEAKER. It is too late.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to reconsider the
vote just taken; and move to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
Mr. BUTLER. On that I demand the yea3
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
adjournment of congress.
The SPEAKER. The Chair lay3 before the
House as a privileged question the action of the
Senate on the resolution of the House in regard
to the adjoHrnment. of Congress.
