1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL - GLOBE.
E89
that kind and those claiming to be elected
.from rebel States, and constituting if they
Wight a majority, and to recognize them as
the Fortieth Congress. The elections in Octo-
ber1 and November cured him somewhat of
that purpose; iiot perhaps of the spirit, but
they took away from him the prospect of being
able to exercise such power. Still the people
the country were uneasy; still the people
°if '• country were apprehensive ; and I say
that all good, true, loyal men' breathed freer
when Congress passed a law which required
hereafter this first session should take place
on the 4th of March, the very day of the com-
mencement of its proper term. We have met
on the 4th of March, and we have adopted cer-
tain acts of legislation. Those acts of legisla-
tion have not yet commenced to operate on
the subjects of them. We know not what dif-
ficulties there may be, but we do know, I think,
if we judge wisely of this matter, that it will
be well for us to come together at short pe-
riods, at a much shorter interval of time than
from now to December, with a view to be wit-
"n esses of the manner in which these laws shall
operate and be carried out, to apply the rem-
edy and correction if any amendment or change
be made necessary, and to in,eet any failure in
the execution of the law, as we now expect.
That is what I mean.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. As a basis for the
question which I propose to put to the honor-
able gentleman, I admit that if his amendment
prevails, and which provides for the meeting
of Congress on the first Wednesday in June
next, it will be fixing a time for the reassem-
bling of Congress hy law in accordance with
the provisions of'the Constitution. Now, the
question which I propose to subnet to my hon-
orable colleague is this : if a meeting of Con-
gress is fixed by law, I want my friend to tell
us where in the Constitution he finds the pro-
vision which gives to the House the right to
delegate to the Speaker the legislative power
to repeal or suspend such laws?
Mr. SCHENCK. We are not proposing to
delegate the power of assembling Congress to
the Speaker of this House. We are proposing
that the House and Senate shall concur to
meet at a particular time, and we delegate to
the Speaker of the House and the President
pro tempore of the Senate a very different
power, the power to pronounce to us whether
in their opinion the condition of the country
does or does not require a meeting of Con-
gress. It is not a repeal of the law to meet or
not to meet. It is an adjournment; it is the
extension of a recess; and the gentleman
might as well say that we repeal the law by
which we meet here this evening or at any
other time when we adjourn or take a recess.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is it not delegating to
the Speaker power to adjourn Congress?
Mr. SCHENCK. Well, suppose it be, we
have power to delegate it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Where does the gentle-
man find that power in the Constitution or the
laws ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I find it in that power
inherent in a legislative body like this to quit,
at anytime it pleases, its business.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. The Constitution pro-
vides that Congress shsftl assemble at least
once in every year, and such meeting shall
be on the first Monday in December, unless
they shall, by law, fix a different day.
Mr. SCHENCK. The difficulty with the
gentleman is he has not read the whole of the
constitutional provision on that subject. If
he will look at the last clause of the fifth sec-
tion of the first article he will find a provision
precisely corresponding to this resolution,
namely, that neither House can adjourn be-
yond three days without the consent of the
other. I propose that each House by the
amended resolution shall consent that the
other adjourn to certain days indicated. The
gentleman has only referred to a clause in the
Constitution not applicable to the question we
are now discussing.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. The gentleman is right
in regard to that provision of the Constitution,
but does that provision contemplate power in
the Speaker or power in the House to delegate
to the Speaker authority to repeal or suspend
an existing law?
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir; I hold that to be
inherent in our power as a legislative body.
We may elect' a Speaker, for instance, by our
votes, or we may appoint my colleague [Mr.
Van Trump] to declare who shall be Speaker,
and the House may consent to his selection.
The mode of action in regard to adjournment
is left to the discretion of the House.
_ Now, the gentlemen on the other side have
given us a lesson which I propose to pass over
to gentlemen on this side of the House. Do
you not observe, [addressing himself to the
Republican side,] that every man on the other
side wants you to adjourn, and interposes every
possible objection and motion in order to pre-
vent you from staying here or reassembling at
any time before next December?
Mr. CHANLER. I rise to a point of order.
The gentleman must address the Chair and not
his colleagues. [Laughter.]
Mr. SCHENCK. Ah ! Well, Mr. Speaker,
I ask my friends on this side of the House, the
Union Republicans of this body, to observe the
fact that upon every question connected with
adjournment wc are met with an undivided
solid phalanx on the other side; that every
man on the other side will be found voting to
get this Congress out of the way, and keep it
out of the way as long as it can possibly be
kept from its post of duty.
Mr. GBTZ. Will the gentleman yield for a
question?
Mr. SCHENCK. I decline.
Mr. CHANLER. I enter a general denial
of all the gentleman says.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York is out of order.
MESSAGE FJtOM THIS SISNATli.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Eorxey,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed and requested the concurrence of the
House in joint resolutions of the following
. titles:
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 47) in relation
to removal of Indian tribes; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 51) authorizing
the transfer of certain funds, and providing for
the purchase of seeds and their distribution in
the southern States.
ADJOURNMENT OV CONOI^ESS AGAIN.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentlemen do not
want to consider the question as one open to
discussion. They want us to go away, and
they want us to stay away. They want no
Congress here between now and December
next; and upon my soul I believe they would
not have us reassemble in December if they
could help it. And in this they but reflect the
wishes of the President himself; for the inti-
mation has been .given out, not to be mistaken,
that there is nothing at this moment which lie
is more desirous of than that the present dif-
ference between the House and Senate should
be carried to such an extent that he might
exercise what he would claim as his preroga-
tive of dismissing us to our homes. I think
there is a lesson in this manifestation which it
will be well for gentlemen who cooperate with
me in support of the views and policy which
we advocate to lay to heart.
Now, sir, to go back to the question in re-
gard to the execution of the laws which we
have just passed in reference to the reconstruc-
tion of the rebel States, how will those laws
be executed? Sir, if we adjourn I venture to
say it will not be thirty days before some ques-
tion of construction will arise as to who shall
vote or who shall not vote, who shall do this
or shall do that; and does any man doubt upon
which side of that question of reconstruction
the opinion of the President and those who
sustain him will be found when there is no legis-
lative department here to correct that omission
by new legislative provisions if they shall be jj
found to be necessary?
Why, sir, when the Supreme Court made that
extraordinary decision 1'ri tfie Mil%an' case,'in
which it was held that no hostile foot had'evei
been upon the soil of Indiana, announcing
what was not true and giving judgment in favor
of a lie, does any one fail to remember that
immediately afterward, when a case was pend-
ing in Virginia where a wanton murder had
been committed in the interest of rebel sympa-
thy, the President hastened to apply that de-
cision to that particular case, going beyond the
construction or understanding, as it now au-
pears, even of the court itself?
Sir, in every case where there is a difference,
where there is a question, where there is a
doubt, as in complicated laws of this kind, as
there unquestionably will be in regard to- the
application of the laws, or their true interpre-
tation as applied to the restoration of thesa
States, you may rely upon it there will be ex-
traordinary application of the law, and extraor-
dinary construction of it made-in the interest
of the rebels, who are to be shielded and pro-
tected thereby. And therefore I implore Con-
gress not to leave now; or if they leave, I im-
plore them to make provision for any needful
return at an early day, so as to be on the watch,
so as to be at hand, so as to be ready to apply
such remedies as legislative wisdom and power
can devise in case of such events as these.
And there are other reasons. I will not go
at length into this question of impeachment.
I differ from a gfeat many upon the floor of
this House in regard to that subject. There
are differing opinions in regard to what are
impeachable offenses. There are men in this
country, able lawyers it is said, who insist upon
it that the provision in the Constitution which
declares that the President, the Vice President,
and other civil officers may be impeached for
treason, bribery, or other high crimes and mis-
demeanors, relates only to those things which
are punishable under statute-law. Now, if that
be so, if that is to be taken as the legitimate
construction of our power to impeach, then we
stand upon very narrow ground indeed, so far
as that means of protection can be interposed
against usurpation, tyranny, or wrong-doing
of any kind upon the part of those who fill the
offices of this country. If it be true that that
is all the Constitution means, then, should
Andrew Johnson appear in this Hall day after
day during our entire session, drunk and inca-
pable of the performance of any duty of any
kind, wo. could not impeach him, because that
would not be an indictable offense under our
statutes; it would not be a high crime and mis-
demeanor in the opinion of gentlemen who
construe our Constitution in that way. If
Andrew Johnson, having under the Constitu-
tion the right to interpose his veto, present his
objections to and refuse his approval of thelaws
we may pass, should employ himself day after
day at the other cud of the avenue in vetoing
every bill which we might pass, according to
the opinions of those gentlemen he could not
be impeached for thus obstructing the opera-
tions of the legislative department of the Gov-
ernment. I«say that neither Judge Story nor
any other jurist who has written upon this sub-
ject, and whose opinions are worth considering
at all, has ever assented to any such absurdity.
Then, what are we doing in the matter? We
have been apparently nursing along for the last
two or three months a proposition to investi-
gate the conduct of the President with a view
to his impeachment. I am one of those who
believe that so close an investigation, with a
view to discovering particular peccadillos con-
cealed from the public eye, was hardly neces-
sary when the history of the country for the last
eighteen months is but a history of usurpation
upon his part, of defiance of the law-making
power, the truth of which assertion is presented
in the very public documents which he himself
has given to the country and to the world.
Andrew Johnson defies the legislative de-
partment of this Government; Andrew Johnson
claims that he himself is the State, the Govern-
ment; Andrew Johpson insists upon doing him-
self all those acts necessarily legislative in their
