1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
891
Court thus adjourning to meet at an early day.
I do not wish to cast any imputation on that
court, even by supposing they had any such
thought as that. But the singular spectacle is
proposed to be presented of an Executive who
shall be continuous in the exercise of his power,
of a judiciary which shall adjourn from day to
day, and always on hand to exercise its power,
while the legislative department is called upon
to give up its ability to act entirely, except
that action may be permitted by the will of the
man who is arraying himself continually pretty
much against all they do. It is madness for
any one to expect that the President will in
any contingency call us together, and it is only
for the two Houses to say, while the other de-
partments of the Government continue their
power without interval, without any interreg-
num, that we shall meet the expectations of
the people when we provided this Congress
should assemble at the commencement of its
term on the 4th of March. If we adjourn now
until December we might as well perhaps not
have met at all.
The gentleman from Illinois asks me to give
him a portion of my time, and I would like to
know how much I have left ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has nine
minutes.
Mr. SCHENCK. I give six minutes to the
gentleman from Illinois and three minutes to
a gentleman on the Committee on the Judi-
ciary who has some explanations to make,
which he deems important, in reply to what
was said the other day.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker, I have not in-
dulged before in the discussion of this ques-
tion of adjournment, but inasmuch as I have
opposed in my votes any adjournment at all,
I desire to give my reasons for thus acting.
If we will cast about the House we will find
the proceedings of this Congress are rather
anomalous, and this question of adjournment,
presented to the country as it is, requires us in
our own minds to answer more than the mere
question why shall we adjourn now.
First, why is it that the Congress of the
United States passed a law assembling the
Fortieth Congress on the 4th day of March?
There must be a reason, sir, why that law was
passed., What was the reason for the passage
of that law? There must have been something
■which operated upon the members who voted
for that law, thus placing it upon the statute-
book as one of the laws tor them to obey. If
there was a reason for the assembling of the
Fortieth Congress, what was that reason? It
cannot be said it was merely to pass a supple-
mental bill to the reconstruction bill, for that
was not thought of or proposed at the time this
law was passed. It must have been for a dif-
ferent reason.
It was because at the time when the angry
clouds of war were passing away, and the bright
rays of the sun of peace wore shining forth,
there was still a necessity for the guards on
the watch-tower to see that no harm came to
the Republic. It was for that reason; and I
ask honorable members to tell me if the same
reasons for assembling the guards at the posts
for the preservation of this country which ex-
isted on the 4th of March do not exist now ?
Has there been any change in the conduct of
the affairs of the Administration ? Has there
been any change in the policy of the men at the
head of the Government? Veto after veto is
sent to this House, the same policy is per-
sisted in as heretofore; and yet we are told that
this Congress, which assembled in accordance
with law on the 4th of March, must adjourn with-
out having passed one great measure except the
supplemental reconstruction bill.
I ask honorable gentlemen here to-day who
voted for this assembling of the Fortieth Con-
gress what they will s;ay when they go home
to their constituents? How will they explain
their action to them when they are asked.
"Why, after you voted for this law convening
the Fortieth Congress, did you sit four week's
accomplishing so little?" With but fewo or
three standing committees appointed, we placed
ourselves before the country as if enacting a
farce. Did we assemble here to place our-
selves in that ridiculous attitude before the
country, as a set of men without backbone
enough to do that which we called ourselves
together to do ? I want to know if members
will feel justified in sitting here four weeks,
taking up bills from the Speaker's table from
day to day and passing them without reference
to an appropriate committee or referring them
to some committee to be appointed at some
future time, God only knowing when they will
be brought back for action?
But what, I repeat, will you say to your con-
stituencies when they ask you these questions,
when they ask you why you did not have your
committees appointed, so that you might legis-
late? Will you answer, " We could not do any-
thing because we were not prepared to legis-
late?" Then they will ask you, " Were you not
alarmed lest the Chief Magistrate of the nation
would fail in the execution of your laws?"
Mr. SPALDING. Will the gentleman an-#
swer a question ?
Mr. LOGAN. I cannot be interrupted by
questions during the short time I am allowed
by courtesy.
Mr. SPALDING. I wanted to vindicate
the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The time of the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Loga>*] has expired.
Mr. SCHENCK. I demand the previous
question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan] or
any other member has a right to criticise the
Chair for not appointing committees.
Mr. WOOD. Has not the hour expired ?
The SPEAKER. Not quite; there is one
minute remaining.
Mr. WOOD. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. SonENCK] will allow a word to be
said in reply.
Mr. SPALDING. I wish to inquire of the
Chair whether, if the previous question is sec-
onded, the first question will be on the amend-
ment, or whether a motion to concur in the
Senate amendment will not take priority ?
The SPEAKER. The occasion on which a
motion to concur has priority is when there is
a motion to insist on a disagreement, and then
the motion to recede takes precedence of the
motion to concur.
Mr. SPALDING. If the amendment is
voted down it will then be in order to move to
concur.
The SPEAKER. It will.
The previous question was seconded—ayes
j64, noes 35; and the main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. The question will be first
on the amendment of thegentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Schenck,] and then on the amendment
of the Senate.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Will there be no further
opportunity to amend?
The SPEAKER. There will not.
Mk SPALDING. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 75, nays 51, not voting
38 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson,DelosR.Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Baker, Banks. Benjamin. Benton.
BlaineBoutwcll, Broomall, Butler, Cake, Churchill,
Reader W. Clarke. Sidney Clarke, Coburn, Cook,
Covode, Cullom, Dodge, Donnelly, Dnggs Eckley,
Eggleston, Ela.Farnsworth, Fields, Finney, Gravely,
Hamilton, Hayes, Hooper, Hopkins, Hun ter. Ingersoll.
Judd,Kelley, Koontz, William Lawrence, Loan. Lo-
gan, Loughridge, McCarthy. MeC urg. Mercur. Miller,
Morrell. Myers.O'Neill. Orth, Paine. Pgrliara, Peters,
Pile, Plants, Polsley, Schenck. Scofleld, Shanks, Thad-
deus Stevens. Taffe, Taylor, Trowbridae, Upson, Burt
Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Vt ard, Hcnrv D.
Washburn, Welker, Thomas Williams William Wil-
liams, John T. Wilson, Stephen 1. Wllson, and W m-
^"nAYS—Messrs. Archer, Baldwin, Barne;, Bing-
ham, Blair, Boyer, Brooks Buckland, Burr, Lhanler,
Cornell, Denison, Eldridgc. Ferriss, Ferry, Getz,
Gtossbrenner, Griswold, Haight, Holman,. Chester I).
Hubbard. Humphrey, Kerr. Ketcham, Kitchen. Lat-
lin, Lincoln, Mallory, Marshall. Marvin, Momssey,
Mungcn. Ncwcomb, Niblack, Nicholson, Jjooll, Po-
land, Randall, Robertson, Kobinson,Ross.Siti?reavcss,
Smith, Spaldins:, Stewart, Taber, Twitchcll, van
Auken, Van Trump, Cadwaladcr C. Washburn, and
Wood—51.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Beaman, Bromwell,
Cobb, Dawes, .Eliot, F«x, Garfield, Halsey, Harding,
Hill, A3ahel W. Hubbard, Hulburd, Julian, Kelscy,
George V. Lawrence, Lyneh, McCullougli, Moore,
Moorhead, Morgan, Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy, Price,
Pruvn, Raum, Sawyer, Selye, Shellabarger, Aaron
F. Stevens, Stone, Thomas, Van Aornam, Van Wyck,
William B. Washburn, James F. Wilson, and Wood-
bridge—38.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
During the call of the roll, the following
announcements were made:
Mr. SHANKS. My colleague. Mr. Julias',
is absent by leave of the House, on account of
the illness of a member of his family.
Mr. WARD. My colleague, Mr. Van Aek-
nam, has gone home in consequence of ill-
health. If he were here he would undoubt-
edly vote "ay"' on this question.
Mr. ARCHER. My colleague, Mr. Stone, is
detained home by extreme illness.
The result of the vote was announced as
above recorded.
The amendment of the Senate, as amended,
was then agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment, as amended,
was agreed to; and also moved that the mo-
tion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. LOGAN. I rise to make a privileged
remark. I did not hear some remarks by the
Speaker, which gentlemen about me say he
made a few moments since. I am told that
at the close of my remarks the Speaker said
that I had a right to reflect upon the action of
the Speaker if I so desired.
Now, I assure the Speaker that there was
no intention or desire on my part to reflect
upon the integrity of the Speaker, or to insin-
uate anything against him. If the Speaker
made any such remark, I am sorry for it, for
he must have done so under a misapprehen-
sion. What I said was this: that we had been
sitting here now for four months without the
committees of the House being appointed.. I
meant no reflection by that; I was merely
stating a fact known to the country. The fact
is so, and it is as much the fault of the House
as of the Speaker. There was no intention on
my part to reflect upon the Speaker at all.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not make
the remark to the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Logan,] but to the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Spalding,] who, as the Chair understood,
rose to a point of order, and_ objected to the
gentleman from Illinois criticising the action
of the Speaker of the House. To that the
Chair replied that the gentleman from Illinois,
or any other gentleman who might desire to
do so, had a perfect right to criticise the action
of the Speaker. The Chair had taken the re-
I spoilsibility of not exercising the right given
him by the rules of appointing all the standing
committees of the House, knowing very well
that some members might complain of if. But
at the beginning of this session the_ Chair
stated that for obvious reasons, meaning the
absence of a number of Representatives of
States represented in the last Congress, he
would not arrogate to himself the right given
him under the rules of appointing now all the
standing committees of this House unless he
was ordered so to do by the House; in which
case, being the servant of the House, and fully
acknowledging their right to direct him, he
would obey. The House, from time to time,
has ordered him to appoint several standing and
select committees. But the Chair felt that in
the present anomalous condition of things it
was his duty not to surprise the House some
morning by the announcement of all the stand-
ing committees unless so ordered by the House.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan] com-
mented upon the fact that the committees of
the House had not yet been appointed by the
Chair. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spald-
ing] objected to the criticism. The Chair
stated that the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Logan.] or any other member, had the right
