1867.
THE OOJST(x.RESSIOMAL GLOBE.
893
Nor can England take any exception to our
interfering in this matter. She has no more
business with Ireland than we have. She has
no right, title, or claim whatever in that coun-
try except that which had its origin in fraud
and force. She took possession of Ireland
by force and fraud, and she has made that
country through seven centuries of oppression
a howling wilderness. She has inflicted wrongs
upon that people which no other nation under
the sun has suffered from another. She has
perpetrated crimes and outrages such as no
- other civilized nation has dared to inflict.
English rule became a curse to the people of
Ireland and "the curse of Cromwell," one of
England's instruments in subduing Ireland,
became the synonym of everything cruel and
oppressive.
But, as I have said, I will not go into the
details of the wrongs of Ireland, nor enter into
any lengthy argument to show why we have a
right and that it is our duty to interfere. In
conversation with the Chaplain of the House
to-day reference was made to the parable of
the good Samaritan. Sir, I maintain that we
have the same authority to interfere that the
good Samaritan had when he saw a stranger
by the wayside who had fallen among thieves
and lay beaten and bruised. We can at least
extend our sympathy to the fallen and op-
pressed if we cannot give them more substan-
tial proofs of our friendship. There is hardly
a Government in Europe that does not inter-
fere with the affairs of other countries. Na-
poleon dictates where the lines of empire shall
run. Emperors and kings are all the time
making new maps of Europe and running
new boundaries of kingdoms and empires.
There is no monarch, great or small, on the
European continent that has not interfered
and dictated terms to his neighbors, provided
he thought he was strong enough to enforce
them. And, sir, has not the great Republic
of the West the right also at least to be heard
in protesting against the wrongs of other na-
tions ? Have we not at least a right to take
part in preventing tyrants from acts of oppres-
sion?
I may be asked what are Ireland's chances
of success? Her chances for success are
greater than any other people ever had who
have achieved their independence. They are
all rebels in Ireland. Tnere is not to-day an
honest Irishman upon the face of the earth
who is not a rebel against British rule in Ire-
land. The distinguished plenipotentiary who
now represents her Britannic Majesty near this
Government is a descendant of one of the
most famous of Irish rebels, the Bruce of Ban-
nockburn. There is 110 nobility of blood in
Ireland but that which has sprung from rebel-
lion against English rule over Ireland, and has
been sanctified by suffering in the prison or on
the scaffold in the cause of the liberty of their
country.
The sympathies of all the world are with
Ireland, while England has the sympathy of
no human being except its office-holders and
garrisons. It is something to have the sym-
pathy of mankind with you against your op-
pressors.
Now, we are told that Ireland cannot govern
herself. That statement is not true; Ireland
can govern herself. Irish intellect to-day gov-
erns the world; Irish intellect is good enough
to govern England. Even the poorer sort of
Irishmen, like the late Duke of Wellington,
proves good enough for that business. Irish
intellect to-day is uppermost in all the trans-
actions of England. She rules in her Parlia-
ment; she directs her press; she commands
her armies ; she fights her battles. Why may
she not do so for herself? Ireland to-day has
more disciplined men than any nation in the
world, men who have learned the use of arms,
who have smelled gunpowder; they are all
over the world, in every clime, in every land.
Irish valor of the second generation has bloomed
into glory upon every battle-field^ of this and
other countries, leading the armies of Spain
by an O'Donnell, the armies of France by a
McMahon and Neil, the armies of Austria by
a Nugent. In these United States, upon this
very floor, may be found Irishmen of the sec-
ond generation, whose deeds I need not re-
count, as they are on everybody's lips, and are
a part of the history of this country. Look
through the history of the late war, and see
how manyof the generals, and, above all, of
the private soldiers were Irish by birth or blood,
who have fought and bled for our glorious flag.
To-day Ireland can raise the strongest army
the world ever saw. Her sons have been dis-
ciplined in the British army, in the Army of
this country, and of every country in the world.
She has more men now scattered throughout
the world ready to come to her assistance than
would under equal advantages conquer twenty
Englands if they stood in her way.
I know the great difficulty is in gaining the
first success. But other countries have achieved
their independence without the strength that
is behind this movement, and some time, in
God's own good time, Ireland will bo able to
take that first step in her forward movement,
and then there will be no holding her back.
The first step gained everything else is easy.
I trust this resolution will pass this House
without objection. It is time for these United
States to take a firm stand with our foreign
relations and maintain a dignified position upon
all questions connected with them. I long for
the day to come when we shall have no more
of these criminations and recriminations among
ourselves; when we shall cease these bicker-
ings about our own firesides, and look to the
condition of affairs abroad. Above all do I
long for the day when in place of abusing each
other at home we shall, as a reunited and undi-
vided people, adopt and pursue such a policy
toward other nations as will secnrc our citizens
from the insults heaped upon them throughout
the British dominions.
I have tried to get that matter before this
House. If there were no other reason for our
interference in behalf of Ireland, we have it
in the fact that to-day no American citizen is
safe upon the soil of Great Britain or in Ire-
land. Instead of the name of an American
citizen being, as it should be, a badge of
honor, a guarantee of personal security, a ter-
ror to the enemies of free institutions every-
where, it is in Great Britain to-day treated
with more indignity than that of the citizen or
subject of any other country. Two or three
days ago I received the information from an
American citizen in Liverpool that, without
any evidence to justify even a suspicion that
he was implicated in any crime against the
Government of Great Britain, lie was arrested
and dragged to jail, where, without even the
form of trial, he was stripped of his citizen's
clothes, dressed ill the garb of a convict, and
set to work to scrub the floors of the prison.
If this is the treatment received by American
citizens from the present governors of Ireland,
may we not be parfloned for sympathizing with
a movement which promises better treatment
to our citizens under better rulers?
Mr. Speaker, I am admonished that there
are but two or tfiree minutes more which we
can spend for taking the vote on this subject,
and should I prolong my remarks I may pre-
vent, for to-day at least, the favorable action
of the House upon this resolution, which I very
much desire. I therefore close abruptly.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, I now yield to
the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Pile] three
minutes.
Mr. PILE. Mr. Speaker, I do not of course
intend in the meager time allotted me to make
a speech upon the general question of the
wrongs of Ireland and our relations to that
country. I desire simply, in the first place, to
suggest to the honorable chaisman of the Com-
mitteeon Foreign Affairs a verbal modification
of the resolution. In its present form it ex-
presses sympathy for the people of Ireland in
their "efforts to maintain the independence
of States." I would suggest that they are
engaged in an effort, not to "maintain,'' but
to establish "the independence of States."
They have not for ye&rs possessed such inde-
pendence. I propose that the resolution be
modified so as to read " in all their just-efforts
to acquire and maintain the independence of
States."
I desire, in the second place, to remark that
I hope this resolution will be passed, although
it is not so strong in its language as I bad Roped
and expected' it would be. On some future
occasion I shall, if opportunity offer, take occa-
sion in another form, and when asking a more
effective kind of legislation, to say what I wish
to say upon this subject. I only wish now to
remark that, without inquiring into the char-
acter of the people concerned, without regard
to the question' with what political party they"
affiliate in thiscountry, without reference to the
probabilities of their success, it is, ki my judg-
ment, the privilege and the duty of this Etouse
to express sympathy for and encouragement to
every people everywhere who are struggling
against wrong and oppression, and seeking to
acquire and maintain the rights which God
intended every man should enjoy.
I wish to make only this additional remark :
that it is a false idea in political philosophy
that a nation or people must first be prepared
for liberty by 'education or by mental eleva-
tion or by moral instruction before they exer-
cise the right of self-government. Education,
science, and religion have everywhere under
the rule of despotism been the patrons of and
servants to the ruling classes and despotic
power. Man's first and greatest right is liberty
and self-government; and only in the exercise
of this liberty as an educator can he foster
those attributes, the exercise of which is essen-
tial to his well-being.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, it is the prin-
ciple of monarchical Governments that once
being States their continued existence as such
must be recognized. That is the universal
principle on which such Governments are ad-
ministered. We claim the same for republican
Governments. Ireland had once a Government
of her own. That Government has been dis-
placed by the English Government. If they
are contending against the English rule they
are contending to maintain the principle of
the independence of States, and therefore I
cannot accept the modification proposed by
the gentleman.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I move
the following amendment:
Resolved further, That in sympathizing with the
people of Ireland we deem it proper to declare our
belief that the presentFenianmovcmentmustprovo
entirely abortive in bringing relief to that country,
and that any encouragement to that movement by
resolution, unaccompanied by force, can only result
in involving brave, enthusiastic, and patriotic Irish-
men in difficulties from which their brethren are
powerless to extricate them.
Mr. BANKS. I hope that amendment will
not be adopted. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
Mr. BANKS. I am entitled to an hour to
close the debate. In reference to the amend-
ment, I have only to say this: it was consid-
ered in committee, and it was not deemed ad-
visable to present it to the House. There is
no attempt on the part of the resolution of the
committee to indorse that movement, nor did
we think it necessary to condemn it on the
ground that it may not be successful. I yield
now to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Wood.]
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, tire amendment
is virtually a nullification of the resolution
itself. The country well knows as the House
knows that the present agitation in Ireland
looks to the establishment of free government
in that island as the result of this same Fenian
movement. We all know it is this Fenian
movement that has effected military organiza-
tion in Ireland, and that every rebel ill arms
in Ireland and all the preparatory arrange-
ments locking to the establishment of an inde-
pendent government in Ireland have been pro-
