394
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
moted, if not originally prompted, by this
Fenian movement.
It may be true that it will cost lives, ay, of
hundreds and thousands of men in the prose-
cution of the Fenian movement. All revolu-
tions cost blood before they become success-
ful. In our own revolutionary war oceans of
blood were spilled before we were able to
establish our independence of the mother coun-
try. Therefore, when we say by this resolu-
tion we sympathize with the people of Ireland
in their present struggle, we say well and
properly, but when we succeed it by saying
that we are against the Fenian movement we
nullify the resolution reported from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs. I call for the yeas
and nays on the amendment.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me for a moment?
Mr. BANKS. Certainly, sir.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope the amendment
submitted to the resolution reported from the
Committee on Foreign Affairs will not be
adopted. I look upon it as does the gentleman
from New York, as an evasion or nullification
of the original resolution. It seems to me that
it is idle for us to express sympathy with the
cause of Ireland and at the same time depre-
cate every measure which the people of Ireland
take for their alleviation. It is worse than
mockery to tell them in their degradation and
suffering that we sympathize with them, and yet
advise against every effort they make to throw
off the oppression which weighs upon them.
It is not for me to determine at the outset,
and I desire not to do it, that the effort they are
making through the Fenian organization may
not result to their good. Ireland's nationality
is a cause worthy of Irishmen. What shall be
done to achieve it is for them to judge. Sub-
mission and inaction will certainly not save
them. If they will as a nation be free, they
must strike the blow themselves; they must
wrench their freedom from their oppressors
by their own strong arms. It may seem a
desperate struggle, but who can say that, the
liberties of that brave and generous people are
not worth all their efforts. Who of us can
determine what may or may not be accom-
plished. If their cause be just and our sym-
pathies with them, in the name of God, in the
came of liberty, let us not disparage any effort
or discourage any enterprise which to them may
betoken success. Any blow which the op-
pressed may aim at the oppressor to regain
his rights and liberty has my heart's best prayer
for its success.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 10, nays 102, not voting
62 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Blair, Broomall, Famsworth, Fin-
noy, Morrell, Noel], Peters, Cadwaladcr 0. Wash-
burn, Thomas Williams, and Windom—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Archer, Delos
It. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Barnes, Benton,
Bingham, Boutwell, Boyer. Brooks, Buckland, But-
ler, Cake, Chanlor, Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Coburn,
Cook, Cornell, Culloin, Denison, Connelly, Driggs,
Eckley, Ela, Eldridge, Ferriss, Ferry, FicWs, Getz,
Glossbrenner, Gravely, Griswold, Haight, Hamilton,
Hill.IIolman, Hooper, Hopkins, Asahel W.Hubbard,
Chester D. Ilubbard, Ilulburd, Humphrey, Hunter,
Ingorsoll. Judd, Kerr, Ketcham, Kitchen, Koontz,
Lafiin, William Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan. Logan,
Maliory, Marshall, Marvin,_ McCarthy, McClurg,
Mercur, Miller, Mooro, Morrissey, Mungen, Myers,
Newcomb, Niblack, O'Neill, Orth, Peril arn, Pile,
Plants, Polsley, Robertson, Robinson, Ross, Sehenck,
Selye, Shanks, Sitgreaves, Smith, Stewart, Taber,
Taffe, Taylor, Trowbridge, Twitehell, Upson, Van
Auken, Bart Van Horn. Robert T. Van Horn, Van
Trump, Ward, Henry D. Washburn. John T.Wil-
son. Stephen F. Wilson, Wood, and Woodbridge—102.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, James M, Ashley,
Beaman. Benjamin. Blaine, Bromwell. Burr, Reader
W. Clarke, Cobb, Covode, Dawes, Dodge, Eggleston,
Eliot, Fox, Garfield, Halsoy, Harding, Hayes, Julian,
Kelley, Kelsey, George V. Lawrence, Loughridge,
Lynch, McCuilough, Moorhead, Morgan, Nicholson,
Paine, Phelps, Pike, Poland, Pomeroy, Price, Pruyn,
Randall, Raum, Sawyer, Seofield, Shellabargcr,
Spalding, Aaron F. Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens,
Stone, Thomas, Van Aernam, Van Wyck, William
B. Washburn, Welker, William Williams, and James
F. Wilson—52.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question recurred on agreeing to the
resolution, and it was adopted.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CLERK TO A COMMITTEE.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs
be allowed a clerk for the Fortieth Congress when In
session, at the same rate of compensation paid for
similar service during the last session.
CAPITOL WATCHMEN.
The SPEAKER. The bill which passed
the House authorizing the appointment of cer-
tain' watchmen, and for other purposes, and
sent to the Senate has been enrolled without
the second section in relation to preserving the
Capitol from defacement. If there is no objec-
tion it will be returned in order to be properly
engrossed.
No objection being made, it was so ordered.
HENRY A. SMYTHE.
Mr. HULBURD. I am directed by the
majority of the Committee on Public Expendi-
tures to submit the following report and ask
for its immediate consideration:
Whereas Congress having determined to adjourn,
there is not sufficient timo prior thereto for the Com-
mittee on Public Expend1 tures to concludo its inves-
tigation of the administration of the New York cus-
tom-house by Henry A. Smythe in the manner indi-
cated by the House, although tho committee, having
given to Mr. Sinytho two hearings, he has expressed
himself content therewith unless the committee
desires to proseeuto the investigation further; and
whereas in tho opinion of the committee there is
abundant affirmativo testimony in the possession of
tho House of Henry A. Smythe's unfitness to hoid
tho office of collector: Therefore,
Resolved, It is tho sense of this House that Henry
A. Smythe should bo removed from the office of col-
lector of the port of New York, and that a copy of
this resolution and the testimony be transmitted to
tho President of the United States.
Mr. HULBURD. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. CHANLER. Will the gentleman yield
for an inquiry?
Mr. HULBURD. Afteij the previous ques-
tion is seconded 1 will hear the gentleman.
On seconding the previous question, there
were—ayes 53, noes 19; no quorum voting.
The Chair ordered tellers; and appointed
Messrs. IIulburd and Ciianler.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 61, noes 24.
So the previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered. '
Mr. HULBURD. I will now hear the ques-
tion of my colleague.
Mr. CHANLER. I merely wished first to
know what my colleague intended to do;
whether he intended to put this resolution
through before the testimony has been read.
After he has stated his case I will ask him to
yield to me such time as may be necessary.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. Will the gentleman allow
me to suggest that there is an error of statement
in the preamble V It recites that Congress has
determined to adjourn. I understand there is
no conclusion reached on that resolution by
the two Houses.
Mr. HULBURD. I have no objection to
amending by inserting the words "about to
adjourn."
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It is not the fact; it is
only a pretext for offering this resolution at
this time. It is a false pretense.
The SPEAKER. As there has been some
suggestion in regard to the two Houses disa-
greeing in regard to the time of adjournment,
and the possible exercise of a certain privilege
in that event by another branch of the Govern-
ment, the Chair decides that the two Houses
have agreed upon the time of adjournment.
Both Houses have agreed to adjourn on Thurs-
day. It is therefore an agreement as to the
time when the two Houses will adjourn. The
other part of the resolution in regard to the
time to which Congress shall adjourn may be
agreed upon hereafter.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Do I understand the
Chair to say that the two Houses have decided
to adjourn ?
The SPEAKER. 'The Constitution says
that when the two Houses disagree as to the
time of adjournment the President may pro-
rogue them. The Chair states, in answer to
the gentleman .from Wisconsin, that the two
Houses have agreed to adjourn, the only differ-
ence between them being as to the time to
which they will adjourn. Both branches hare
agreed to adjourn on Thursday at noon.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would inquire of
the Chair if he would feel authorized, without,
any further action upon this resolution for
adjournment, to adjourn the House to-mor-
row at noon?
The SPEAKER. He? would not, because
there are ccrtain things connected with the
matter of adjournment upon which the two
Houses have not agreed.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would inquire if the
resolution Of adjournment is yet beyond the
control of either House ? If a committee of
conference should be appointed upon the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses, may they
not even now change the time fixed for
adjournment ?
The SPEAKER. Committees of confer-
ence have very large powers ; they may recom-
mend amendments or qualifications in many
respects. But the Chair will decide those points
when ttey arise. As the gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Eldridge] made such a positive
assertion that the two Houses had not agreed
to adjourn, the Chair expressed the opinion
that they had agreed upon the time to adjourn,
and that he should so rule when the question
was raised.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The positiveness of my
statement was more from my manner than
from what I said. I meant only to express
an opinion.
Mr. BOYER. I desire to ask a question of
the gentleman from Now York, [Mr. Hul-
buri).]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman frQm New
York having resumed his seat and surrendered
the floor, no debate ia now in order except by
unanimous consent, the call for the previous
question having been sustained.
Mr. CHANLER. Before the previous ques-
tion was called my colleague [Mr. IIulbord]
informed me that after the previous question
was seconded he would to yield to me.
Mr. HULBURD. I did yield to the gentle-
man for a question.
Mr. CHANLER. I desire to have this
resolution explained.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I object to debate.
Mr. CHANLER. I do not want to debate
the resolution ; I only want to ask a question.
The SPEAKEPt. No debate is in order
without unanimous consent.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think the recital in the
preamble of the resolution is utterly wrong
where it says that Congress has agreed to
adjourn.
Mr. HULBURD. The Speaker has over-
ruled that point; I have no objection to vary-
ing the statement-
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise for information, as
our position in regard to adjournment is alluded
to in this preamble. The Senate have proposed
to the House to adjourn to-morrow without
conditions. The House have refused to do that,
but they have agreed to adjourn to-morrow with
certain conditions. That matter is now in
negotiation between the two Houses, so that
really nothing has been determined about the
adjournment.
The SPEAKER.. Whether the statement in
this preamble be correct or not is a matter for
the House and not for the Speaker to deter-
mine.
Mr. CHANLER. I would inquire whether
after the explanation of the Chair, if the House
votes in favor of the statement contained in the
preamble of this resolution, it does not decide
that the time of adjournment is fixed ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided
nothing in regard to this resolution. But the
