1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL .GLOBE.
H95
gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldbidge,]
by his manner at least, stated so positively
the fact that no adjournment had been agreed
upon that the Chair, differing from him,
thought it proper to make the statement to the
House which he did. The Chair has decided
nothing in regard to this resolutioh.
The question was upon the adoption of the
preamble and the resolution.
Mr. SCHENCK. I call for a division of
the question, and that the rote be taken upon
the preamble separately.
The SPEAKER. The question will first be
taken upon agreeing to the resolution.
The question was taken ; and upon a division
there were—ayes 40, noes 35; no quorum
voting. '
Mr. NOELL. I call for the yeas and nays
upon agreeing to the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SCHENCK. Is it in order now to
move to lay this resolution and preamble on
the table ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I make that motion.
I believe Mr. Smythe ought to be removed,
but I do not think this is the right way to do it.
Mr. TABER. Is it in order to move now
to reconsider the vote by which the main ques-
tion was ordered?
The SPEAKER. It is, the House not hav-
ing yet proceeded to execute that order.
Mr. TABER. Then I make that motion.
The question was taken; and upon a divis-
ion, there were—ayes 42, noes 36; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Broomalt.
and Mr. Taber were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 39, noes 56.
So the vote ordering the main question was
not reconsidered.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. schenck, to lay the resolution upon the
table; and being taken, upon a division there
were—ayes 41, noes 49.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. GLOSSBRENNER called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Glossbken-
n-er and Mr. Scofield were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 35, noes 50.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
The question recurred on agreeing to the
resolution, on which the yeas and nays had
been ordered. _ _ •
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 68, nays 37, not vot-
ing 59 ; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Anderson. James M.Ashley. Baker,
Baldwin, Benton, Blair, Boutwoll, Broomall, Buck-
land, Cake, Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Coburn, Cook,
Covode. Cullom, Donnelly, Eckley, Eggleston, lila,
Ferriss, Ferrv, Fields, Gravely, Griswold, Hamilton,
llayes, Hooper, Chester D. Hubbard, Ilulburd. Hun-
ter Judd.Ivelley.Ketchiim, Kitchen, Koontz, Laura,
William Lawrence, Logan, Marvin, McCarthy, Mc-
Clurg.Mercur, Miller, Morrell, Myers, O'Neill, Paine,
Perl)am, Plants.Polsley, Robertson, Scofield, Shanks,
Spalding, Toffo, Taylor. Trowbridge.Burt Van Horn,
Robert T. Van Horn. Ward, CadwaladerC. Wash-
burn, Henry D. Washburn, Welker, John T. Wilson,
Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—68.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Archer, Delos R. Ashley.
Barnes, Benjamin, Bingham, Boyer, Brooks, Cornell,
Denison, Eldridge, Getz, Glossbrenner, Hai^jit, llal-
sey, Hill, Holman, Kerr, Loan, Mallory. Marshall,
Morrissey, Muneren,Niblack,Nicholson,Noell.urtn,
Peters, Phelps, Robinson, Sitgreaves, Tnaddeus Ste-
vens, Taber, Van Aukcn, Van Trump, Thomas Wil
liams, and Wood—37.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Banks, Beaman,
Blaino, Bromwell, Burr. Butler, Chanler, Reader W.
Clarko, Cobb, Dawes, Dodge, Driggs, Eliot, Fnrns-
worth, Finney, Fox, Garfield, Harding, Hopkins,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Humphry, Ingersoll, Julian,
Kelsey, George V. Lawrence, Lincoln, Loughridge,
Lynch, MeCullough, Moore. Moorhead, Morgan,
Newcomb, Pike, Pile, Poland, Pomeroy, Price, Pruyn,
Randall, Raum, Ross, Sawyer, Schenck,Selye, Shel-
labarger, Smith, Aaron F. Stevens, Stewart, Stone,
Thomas. Twitchell. Upson. Van Aernaro, Van Wyck,
William B. Washburn, Wllliam Williams, and James
F. Wilson—59.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. HULBURD moved to reconsider the
vote just taken; and also moved that the mo-
tion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The question then, recurred oa agreeing to
the preamble.
Mr. HULBURD. I move that the pream-
ble be laid on the table.
. The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced the return by the
Senate of the bill (H. R. No. 79) to authorize
the appointment of certain watchmen, for the
correction of the engrossment.
The SPEAKER. The correction will be
made, and the bill will be returned to the
Senate.
retiring of treasury notes.
Mr. GRISWOLD. Mr. Speaker, I yester-
day made an unsuccessful attnmpt to get an
expression of the sense of the 'House upon
a joint resolution relative to the retiring of
Treasury notes. I desire now t.o present that
resolution again, and say a single word in
explanation of it.
Several Members. Let the resolution be
read.
The joint resolution, which was read for
information, provides that of the Treasury
notes authorized to be issued under the act
of Congress of June 20, 1864, including the
$50,000,000 authorized to be issued for tem-
porary loans, not more than $4,000,000 shall
be retired in any one month.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I move to suspend the
rules to permit the introduction of the reso-
lution.
On the motion there were—ayes 50, noes 33.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
DUTY OX "WOOLEN OOODS.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a joint resolution to amend an
act entitled "An act to provide increased reve-
nue from imported wool, and for other pur-
poses," approved March 2, 18G7.
The joint resolution, which was road for
information, provides that the act of March
2, 1807, be amended by striking out in the par-
agraph commencing with the words "on web-
bings, beltings, bindings, braids" the words
"unmixed with silk."
Mr. CHANLER. I object,,
Mr. KELLEY. I move to suspend the
rules.
The question was put; and the Speaker
stated that two thirds appeared not to have
voted in the affirmative.
Mr. KELLEY. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Kelley
and Barnes were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
—ayes 74, noes 10.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended ; and the resolution was
introduced and read a first and second time.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, the necessity
for the passage of this joint resolution arises
from the change in the relative rates of duty
upon silk and wool. Hitherto all duties upon
silk fabrics have been higher than _those_ upon
wool; and fabrics made partly of silk paid the
silk duties. In framing the recent bill, known
as the " Bingham bill," the clause of the for-
mer law prohibiting woolen fabrics mixed with
silk from coming in at the same rate as woolen
fabrics (that rate being then lower) was over-
looked, and hence not changed; so that m this
respect the old law still operates, and woolen
fabrics mixed with a single thread of silk come
in at a lower duty than articles manufactured
entirely of wool. Thus the duty on articles like
this which I hold in my hand, with a single
thread of silk in them, is fifty per cent., which
is less than if they were all wool. Articles
made partly of old silk d.resses are admitted
under silk duty and not under wool duty.
I have a variety cf specimens sent to me
from New Jersey, showing the fraud which is
perpetrated undo* that bill. My proposition
is merely to prevent this fraud on the revenue,
and to remedy a defect which occurred through
oversight. If no gentleman wishes to ask a
question I will call for the previous question.
Mr. BROOKS. With the gentleman's per-
mission I will say that there are other defects
in the law passed by Congress and approved
March 2, 1807. There is not only the defect
to which the gentleman from Pennsylvania
refers, but there are other and perhaps more
serious defects; and if the gentleman from
Pennsylvania is right in' his attempt to remedy
this defect, I do not see why he should not
correct other defects in the same paragraph,
even if he should not be disposed to enter into
a general correction of the whole law ? I ask
him to look at others in the bill and to note
the dangers of hasty legislation. Here we are
undoing in one item that which we did only
on the 2d of March last.
If he is right in making this correction, there
is another one which ought also to be made in
the same paragraph. It is provided that the
duty on " cords and tassels " and on—
"Buttons or barrel buttons, or buttons of other
forms for tassels or ornaments, wrought by hand or
braided by machinery, made of wool, worsted, or
moliair. or of which wool, worsted, or mohair is a
comronent material, unmixed with silk, fifty cents
per pound."
Fifty cents per pound on these articles when
every man knows that the forms of these tas-
sels and buttons are sometimes made of wood
and sometimes of bone. Let me suggest to
the gentleman when he is putting one tiling
right that he ought not to forget this defect oi
the law in reference to cords, buttons, and
tassels.
And while the gentleman has begun the
work of correcting the law, I ask him to go
still further and correct errors which must lead
to infinite trouble to the custom-house. The
gold cost per yard of overcoatings for the use
of the poor is SI 08, while that for the use of
the rich is $2 40. Now, the duty on overcoat-
ings for the poor is one hundred and twenty
while that on the rich is only sixty-five per cent.
This was equally an oversight. It is one of
a great many others. If any be corrected this
ought to be corrected.
The Secretary of the Treasury is requested
to collect samples of all the wools in the world
before he leviesany duty. He has not paid the
least attention to the law. He cannot do it.
He dodges it. He cannot get samples of
llama, merino, alpaca, or any other of the two
hundred varieties of wool. He is levying duties
on open invoices. The duty is collected, open
to any correction hereafter.
Mr. KELLEY. ^While I desire to amend
almost everything to which the gentleman has
referred, still I cannot hope to do it at this time.
My only object is to close the door to a great
fraud on our revenue which is closing some of
the workshops of New York and Philadelphia,
as well as of other parts of the country.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. What
will be the effcct of repealing that whole law
on this particular item ?
Mr. KELLEY. The effect of repealing the
whole law would be that then they would pay
silk duties instead of woolen duti.es.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. This sys-
tem of fragmentary legislation seems to have
gone on at this, as well as the last session, to
a terrible degree. While one part of the
country has one article protected, another has
another article protected, and so we go_ on.
If any gentleman will bring in a proposition
I am willing to repeal everything we have
done here at this session in regard to the tariff.
I think if there is anything pernicious it is this
fragmentary legislation. First, it was on wool
and woolens, and then on one thing and another,
until we have had half a dozen items singled
out from the rest. I wish some one would
move for a repeal of them all.
Mr. KELLEY. I cannot yield for general
discussion. I call the previous question.
Mr. ALLISON. Will the gentleman yield
for a question ?
Mr. KELLEY. A question for information.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to know some-
