1867.
.CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
397
_ The six£ft section provides that the commis-
sioners shsill, before proceeding to the dis-
charge of their duties, b'A sworn that; they will
carefully examine the accounts existing be-
tween the United States and the State of Indi-
ana, and that they will to the best of their
ability make ajust, true, and impartial state-
ment thereof. For their services they are to
receive such compensation as may be deter-
mined by the Secretary of the Treasury, not
exceeding ten dollars per day for each com-
missioner.
The seventh section appropriates a sufficient
sum to carry the &ct into effect.
In the eighth section the provisions of the
act are extended in every respect to the State
of Ohio. The same proceedings are to be had
for determining the amount due that State ;
and a sufficient sum is appropriated to pay the
amount when ascertained, under the limitations
and restrictions of this act.
On the motion of Mr. Holman to suspend
the rules, there were—ayes 65, noes 33.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Holmah and
Mr. Hubbard, of Iowa, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 56, noes 37.
So (two-thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
non-concurred in the amendments of the House
numbered one, two, three, and five to the bill
(S. No. 83) making appropriations to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for contin-
gent expenses of the United States for the fis-
cal year ending June 30, 1867, and for other
purposes, and had concurred in the remaining
•amendments with amendments, in which the
concurrence of the House was requested.
order of business.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House
proceed to the consideration of business on the
Speaker's table.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that the House
adjourn.
The SPEAKER. It is usual in the last
hours of an expiring session to state the con-
dition of business. The two Houses have con-
curred so far as to agree to an adjournment on
Thursday at twelve o'clock m., but they have
not yet agreed in reference to the time when
Congress shall again meet.
Mr. ALLISON. I withdraw my motion to
adjourn.
Mr. SCOFIELD. _ Suppose there is no ac-
tion on this resolution, does the Chair say,
as it now stands, that the two Houses will
adjourn to-morrow at twelve o'clock m. ?
The SPEAKER. As yet there has been no
conclusive action.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The Senate lias gone into
executive session, and not acted on the reso-
lution.
The SPEAKER. Then there has been no
conclusive action. As this parliamentary point
seems to puzzle gentlemen of legal acumen,
like the gentleman from Pennsylvania, the
Chair will explain. If there be a bill of thir-
teen sections, and the two Houses agree to
twelve of them and do not agree to the thir-
teenth, the Speaker would not sign the bill.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. If we adjourn
now, I suppose we meet to-morrow as usual.
The SPEAKER. Of course, as there has
been no conclusive action in reference to the
adjournment.
deficiency appropriation bill.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to go to the business
on the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
The first business on the Speaker's table
were amendments of the Senate to the amend-
ments of the House to Senate bill No. 83,
making appropriations to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for contingent expenses
of the Senate of the United States for the fiscal
ySitr ending June 30, 1867. -
Mr. BROOKS. I reserve, until I hear the
amendments, all points of order.
First amendment of the Senate:
That the Senate agree to the" ameiidment of the
House numbered two, with the following amendment:
In line liftoen insert the following:
And provided further, That the rates fixed by pre-
vious laws shall not be hereby increased.
Mr. BROOKS. How will it then read?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move
to non-concur. The bill will have to go to a*
committee of conference.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I wish to inquire whether
my colleague has any objection to concur in
the amendment of the Senate?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. My prop-
osition is to non-concur in the amendment of
the Senate, and ask a committee of conference.
Mr. SCOFIELD. It strikes me we ought to
concur in this amendment of the Senate.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. One strikes
the other out.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I do not so understand it.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. My prop-
osition is to non-concur and have a commit-
tee of conference, unless there is any partic-
ular one on which gentlemen desire a separate
vote. There are pretty large additions made
to the bill by the Senate.
Mr. BROOKS. I want to know what these
additions of the Senate are before I trust them
to a committee of conference?
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will now re-
port the amendment of the House as it is pro-
posed to be amended by the Senate.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That so much of
section seven of an act entitled "An aet making ap-
propriations for sundry civil expenses of the Gov-
ernment for tho year ending Jane BO, 1868, and for
other purposes," approved March 2, 1867, as relates
to the publication of the treaties and laws of the
United States be, and tho same is hereby, extended
to tho States not therein designated, and to the Ter-
ritories; and that it shall be the duty of the Secre-
tary of State, upon receiving notice of the designa-
tion of newspapers under the aet, aforesaid and this
section, promptly to furnish to suoli newspapers au-
thentic copics of the treaties and laws of the United
States to be published as aforesaid: Provided, Itshall
be lawful to print the laws and treaties of tlieUnited
States as aforesaidin three newspapers inLouisiana:
AwX provided further, The lates fixed by previous
laws shall not be hereby increased.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House
concur in the amendment of the Senate.
The amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment:
That the Senate agree to theaniendmontnumbered
four, with the following:
In line five of said amendment strike out "nine"
and insei t " twelve."
The clause will then read, as follows :
That there be, and hereby is, appropriated, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, for salaries of the Commissioner of Education
and his clerks, 412,000.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move that the House
concur.
The amendment was concurred in.
Third amendment:
At the end of line five insert:
For the period of three months ending June 30,
1867, and for the year ending Juno 30,186S.
The clause, as amended, reads, as follows:
Commissioner of Education and his clerks, for the
period of three months ending Juno 30, 1867, and for
the year ending June 30,1868.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to concur.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the
two votes just taken ; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Fourth amendment:
After line seven of said amendment insert:
For the repair of Long bridge, District of Columbia,
to be expended under the direction of tho Secretary
of War, $15,000.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move
to non-concur.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fifth amendment:
Add the following as a new section :
Sko — And be it further enacted, lhat the follow-
ing sums bo, and tho same aro hereby, appropriated
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated to( enable the Secretary of the Interior fco
pay the expenses incurred by certain Indian delega-
tions in visiting Washington city, for the purpose of
negotiating treaties, and in their return home, to wit:
J or the bioux of Lake Traverse, $10,000. . .
For the Sioux of the Upper Mississippi, $'2l),000.
$15 000 ° residing in the State of Kansas,
For the Chippewas of the Mississippi, $6,000.
And all laws allowing the President, the Secretary
of the Interior, or the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
to enter, into treaties with any Indian tribes are
hereby repealed, and no expense shall hereafter be
incurred innegotiating a treaty with any Indian tribe
until an appropriation authorizing such expense
shall bo first made by law.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move
non-concurrence.
Mr. BURLEIGH. I hope it will be con-
curred in, and I will give "my reasons.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I think
we had better allow this to go to the commit-
tee of conference. I move the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. BURLEIGH. There is a little infor-
mation on this subject that I would like to put
the House in possession of.
The SPEAKER. It is not debatable unless
the previous question is withdrawn.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and lihder the opera-
tion thereof the amendment was non-cdn-
curred in.
Sixth amendment:
Add the following as a. new section:
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, That the several
sums of money heretofore appropriated to be ex-
pended under the direction of the Commissioner of
Public Buildings be transferred to and may he ex-
pended under the direction of the chief Engineer of
tho Army or such officer of tho Engineer corps as ho
may direct.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to concur.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move
that the House insist on its disagreement to
the amendments of the Senate that have been
non-concurred in, and ask for the appoint-
ment of a eommittee of conference.
The motion was agreed to.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that
the*committee had found truly enrolled bills
of the following titles ; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (S. No. 112) to incorporate the Lin-
coln Monument Association'; and
An aet (S. No. 9G) to establish a port of
delivery at Chester, Pennsylvania.
accounts of line officers.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the consideration of the amendments of
the Senate to joint resolution of the House
No. 26, authorizing the Second Auditor to set-
tle the accounts of officers of the Army in
certain cases.
The amendment of the Senate was to strike
out the words " they shall make affidavit" in
line five of page 1 of the joint resolution, and
to insert in lieu thereof the words "said Au-
ditor shall be satisfied by affidavit of such line
officers, or otherwise."
Mr. GARFIELD. I move that the House
concur in the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. LOGAN. Let the joint resolution be
read as it will stand if amended as proposed
by the Senate.
The joint resolution as proposed to be
amended was read at length. Ft provides that
the Second Auditor shall audit and settle tho
accounts of line officers, to the extent of their
pay for services as such officers, duo them from
the United States, in all cases where said Au-
ditor shall be satisfied by affidavit of such line
officers, or otherwise, of their inability to make
their monthly report or returns by reason of
their having been prisoners in the hands of
the enemy, or where by any accident or cas-
ualty of war they have been unable to account
for property in their possession.
Mr. GARFIELD. The amendment of the
Senate proposes to change the joint resoiution
