S98
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
merely to allow tbe Auditor to be satisfied with
the proof rendered, instead of requiring these
officers to make affidavit.
The amendment of the Senate was then con-
curred in. f
PRINTING BANKRUPT LAW.
Mr. LAFLIN. I rise to make a privileged
report. I am instructed by the Committee on
Printing to report the following resolution:
■ Resolved. That there bo printed ten thousand extra
copies of the bankrupt act for the use of tho House.
Mr. BROOKS. Whatis theuse of the House
ordering the printing of that act? It can be
obtained anywhere throughout the country for
five or ten cents & copy.
Mr. WARD. There is a great demand for it
all over the country.
Mr. LAFLIN. The act is already printed ;
this resolution calls for the printing of extra
copies. I call for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
NIAGAHA SHIP-CAN'AL BILL.
Mr. LAFLIN. I am instructed by the same
committee to repprt the following resolution:
Resolved, That there be printed for tho use of the
House two thousand extra copies of tho bill provid-
ing tor tho survey of the Niagara ship-canal.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I hope
not; do not let us print everything.
Mr. LAFLIN. 1 call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question was then taken upon agreeing
to the resolution; and upon a division there
were—ayes fifty-four, noes not counted.
So the resolution was agreed to.
LEAVE OP ABSENCE.
Mr. SPALDING asked and obtained leave
of absence after to-morrow for the remainder
of the session.
REPORT OF CONGRESSIONAL PRINTER.
Mr. LAFLIN. I am also instructed by the
Committee on Printing to report the following
resolution:
llemhcd. That tho report of tho Congressional Prin-
ter tonchinc tho purchase of paper, be taken from
the Speaker's tableand roforredto tlieCommittee on
Printing, with instructions to investigate the same,
and with power to send for persons and papers.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a point of order.
This subject has not been referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing, and they have no right to
report upon anything which has not been re-
ferred to them.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is correct;
the report of the Government Printer has not
yet been referred to the committee.
Mr. GARFIELD. Has not the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Laflim] the right to
introduce a resolution from the committee?
The SPEAKER. This resolution is not in
the regular order of reports from the Com-
mittee on Printing.
Mr. LAFLIN. I move to suspend the rules,
in order that I may submit this resolution for
consideration at this time.
The SPEAKER. The House must first, by
a majority vote, dispense with the further exe-
cution of the order to proceed to the consid-
eration of business upon the Speaker's table
before a motion to suspend the rules will be in
order.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move that the House
now.adjourn.
The question was taken upon the motion to
adjourn; and upon a division, there were—
ayes 51, noes 40.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. HOLMAN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Scofieijd and
Mr. Robixson were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there-were—ayes 51, no'es 39.
So the motion was agreed to; and accord-
ingly (at four o'clock and forty-five minutes
p. m.) the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c„ were.presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. ALLISON: The petition of D. O.Preston
and others, citizens of Howard county, Iowa, aslnng
for an appropriation forthoimpovement ot tlw Fox
and Wisconsin rivers, and for the opening up of con _
tinuous water communication from the Mississippi
river to the eastern sea-board. ..  -
Also tho petition of Selden Candee and others, of
niavto'n county, Iowa, upon the same subject. .
Also the petition of R. W. Bullock and others, of
Allamakee county, Iowa, upon the same subject.
Also, the petition of C. A. Dean and others, of
Clayton county, Iowa, upon the same subject,
Also, the petition of James Conery .and others, ot
Chickasaw county, upon the same subject.
Also. €he petition of G. W. iSiohols and others, 01
Winnesbeik county, Iowa, upon thesame subject.
Also, the petition of E. K. Morrill and others, of
Chickasaw county, praying the establishment of a
mail route, with tri-weekly service, from Bradford,
insaid county, to Busti, in Howard county.
By Mr. DONNELLY: A joint resolution of the
Legislature of the State of Minnesota, relative to the
return of fees in certain cases of canceled home-
stead entries.
Also, two remonstrances from citizens ot the btate
of Minnesota, against the removal of the United
States land office from Taylor's Falls, in said State.
By Mr. KELLEY; A petition of tho officers ot the
Peace Society of Pennsylvania, praying Congress to
establish and maintain a more peacefulrelation w>th
the Indians, and by justice and kindness, to harmo-
nizo all proper interests, both of the white and red
man; and in order to attain this end, they respect-
fully recommend, not only a policy of peace founded
on justice, but an instrumentality of agents who,
from love to God and man and freedom from covet-
ousness, shall bo qualified to carry out honestly and
fairly with tho Indians the really paternal spirit of
the Government to word them.
By Mr. LAFLIN: The petition of Ed ward Learned,
president of tbe Union Pacific Railroad Company,
eastern division, praying for an investigation into
the organization of said company..
By Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio: The petition of R.
Z. YVilson, J. C. K. Milligan, and Henry O'Neill, a
committee of tho Reformed Presbyterian church,
asking Congress to take measures for theamendment
of the Constitution of the United States, so that God
may be acknowledged asSupieme, so that Christ the
Modiator maybe acknowledged as "The Governor
among the nations," and so that the Bible may be
taken as the sunremo law. _ %
By Mr. WINDOM: A memorial of the Legislature
of tho State of Minnesota, for a grant of lands to aid
in the construction of the Lake Pepin and Omaha
railway, from the city of Wabasha, Minnesota,
through Rochester, High Forest, Austin, and Albert
Lea, Minnesota, and l'ort Dodge, Iowa, to Omaha,
Nebraska.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 28, 1807.
Prayer by Rev. E. II. Gray, D. D.
. The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Jour-
nal of yesterday's proceedings will be read.
Mr. CONNESS. I think so near the close
of the session as we are will justify the suspen-
sion of the reading of the Journal. I make
that motion, if there be no objection. We all
want the time.
There being no objection, the reading of the
Journal was dispensed with.
CONDITION OF MARYLAND.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
has received from a large delegation from the
Republican convention of Maryland tho reso-
lutions of that convention with a request that
they be laid before the Senate, and if there
be no objection, the resolutions will be read.
The Secretary read them, as follows:
"Whereas the Legislature of Maryland has since
the adjournment of this Republican Statoconvention
on the 27th of February passed the convention bill
in regard to which this convention has already in
previous resolutions declared its judgment, and this
convention is now reassembled, asprovidedfor by its
fifth resolution on the contingency of tho passage of
said convention bill: Therefore,
"Resolved, That we return our thanks to the Re-
publican members of the General Assembly for their
memorial to Congress, presented to that body on the
25th of March, and this convention, in behalf of the
majority of the poopleof Maryland, appeal hereby to
the Congress of the United Statestogranttherequest
of that memorial.
"Resolved, That we call upon Congress to protect
the loyal majority of the people of Maryland, both
white and colored, in defeating the scheme of the
revolutionists in tho Legislature, and to aid us in
forming and to guaranty to us by acta of Congress a
republican State government on tho basis of impar-
tial manhood suffrage.
"Resolved, That we will oppose any new constitution
setup in subversion Qf the existing constitution uoder
the convention bill which does not express the will
of the majority of the people, without regard to color;
and that we will^ with the aid of the loyal represent-
atives of the nation, and by all means in our power,
resist and destroy any such constitution as a revolu-
tionary usurpation. . . .
" Resolved, That we will take no part in the ap-
proaching election for delegates to a constitutional
convention further than to recommend a general vote
of the Republicans of the State against the call for a
convention, and to use every lawful means in their
power to defeat the call.
" Resolved, That should the call be sustained by a
majority of the voters, that the State central com-
mittee, on ascertaining the result, issue a call for
district meetings, to be held in every election district
in the State, for the choice by ballot, on the basis of
universal manhood suffrage, of dole ?ates to a State
constitutional convention, each county and the city
of Baltimore to elect the number to which they may
be entitled under the presentconstitution of the State.
"Resolved, That said State constitutional conven-
tion, if called, shall assemble in the city of Baltimore
on the first Wednesday in June, and proceed to form
a constitution based on universal manhood suffrage.
*rResolved, That courage, wisdom, and action are
all that is necessary to success. And wo call on the
tried Union veterans of the State, who have been
hardened by the conflicts of six years of battle and
agitation, to fly high the banner of liberty and Union,
and know no end hut victory.
44A true copy: FREDERICK SCHLEY,
" Chairman Committee on .Resolutions.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not know that there
is any particular request in these resolutions
as to tbe measures -which Congress should
adopt to protect any of the citizens of Mary-
land from wrongs which are alleged to exist
or which are stated to be apprehended. I am
therefore not certain as to the committee to
which they should be referred. I suppose,
however, the proper reference is to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and I propose to make
that motion. Before doing so, however, I take
the occasion to say that I agree in the opinion
which one of the resolutions contains, that the
convention which is provided for by the recent
legislation of my State should not be called by
her people. In the present condition of the
country, and the excitement which it is pro-
ducing, and the state of feeling in Maryland,
I should deem such a convention not only un-
fortunate, but fraught with more or less of.
peril to the peace and prosperity of my State,
and I shall endeavor, Mr. President, to impress
this view upon my constituents and hope to
succeed in it. I now make the motion that
the resolutions be referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. FOWLER presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Tennessee in favor of securing
the quota of arms from the General Govern-
ment to which that State may be entitled under
law, and that one of the forts in the vicinity of
Nashville maybe secured for the depository of
said arms; which were referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and tho Militia.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Tennessee in favor of exempting that
State from the payment of any direct or inter-
nal revenue tax for tho years 1887 and 1868;
which were referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Minnesota, in favor of a grant
of land to aid in the construction of the Lake
Pepin and Omaha railway; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. NYE presented a letter of Benjamin F.
Small, of Carson City, Nevada, in relation to
his claim against tho Post Office Department,
to accompany Senate joint resolution No. 45;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
REPORT OF A COMMITTEE.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred the motion to
print the memorial of Charles Louis Fleisci:
mann, on the culture of forest trees on tin.
plains, asked to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration ; which was agreed to.
PAYMENT Off SALARIES OP MEMBERS.
Mr.- RAMSEY. I move that the Senate
postpone all prior orders and proceed to the
consideration of House -joint resolution No.
39, in reference to the payment of the salaries
of members of Congress. It is a resolution
