1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
399
of but fonr lines, allowing the payment of their
salary to be made to Senators and Bepresent-
atives monthly. Some members of the other
House feel a great interest in it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope the Sen-
ator will not call that up for a few moments.
I think it is necessary to amend it.
Mr. RAMSEY. Very well; I withdraw the
motion.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the amend-
ment ofIhe Senate to the joint resolution (H.
R. No. 26) authorizing the Second Auditor to
settle the accounts of officers of the Army in
certain cases.
The message further announced that the
House insisted on its first amendment, and con-
curred in some and non-concurred in others
of the amendments of the Senate to the amend-
ments of the House to the bill (S. No. 83)
making appropriations to supply deficiencies in
the appropriations fur contingent expenses of
the Senate of the United States for the fiscal
year ending June 3d, 1867, asked a conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon, ana had appointed Mr. Thaddeus
Stevens of Pennsylvania, Mr. Wtt.t.iam Win-
do:.! of Minnesota, and Mr. Charles A. El-
dridge of Wisconsin, managers at the same
on its part.
enrolled bills signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
bill (S. No. 112) to incorporate the Lincoln
Monument Association, and the enrolled bill
(S. No. 96) to establish a port of delivery at
Chester, Pennsylvania; and they were there-
upon signed by the President pro tempore of
the Senate.
house resolutions referred.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 45J) con-
cerning the payment of claims made by foreign
Governments against the United States for
property destroyed by the armies of the Uni-
ted States, and the joint resolution (H. R. No.
46) respecting the proposed confederation of
Provinces on the northern frontier of the Uni-
ted States, were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations. '
amendment oe wool ta1ufj!' law.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 47) to amend
an act entitled "An act to provide increased'
revenue upon imported wool, and for other
purposes," was read twice by its title.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The joint
resolution will be referred to the Committee on
Finance, if there be no objection.
Mr. CATTELL. I trust that the resolution
will be put upon its passage without a refer-
ence. It is exceedingly simple,, and is per-
fectly well understood. It merely repeals three
words in the Bingham act, which were there by
an error. It is approved by the Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] who understands this
question well, and ( should be very glad to
have it considered now with the consent of the ■
Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to the present consideration of
the ioint resolution ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I must object for the
present. I will withdraw my objection when
my colleague comes in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it lies over under the rule.
Mr. EDMUNDS subsequently said: I ob-
jected just now to the present consideration of
the resolution which my friend from New Jersey
desired to have acted upon, having misunder-
stood what he said respecting my colleague s
views on the subject. Understanding that it is
satisfactory to my colleague, 1 withdraw the
objection that I made, and hope that the reso-
lution may be considered. .
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. _ No objec-
tion being made, the joint resolution will be
considered as before the Senate as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
The Secretary read the joint resolution. It
proposes to amend the act of March 2, 1867,
by striking out in the paragraph commencing
with the words "On webbings, beltings, bind-
ings, braids," the words " unmixed with silk."
Mr. SHERMAN. Has that been referred?
Mr. CATTELL. If the gentleman from
Ohio will allow me one moment I will explain.
These words, " unmixed with silk," were re-
tained in the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would rather defer
action on it until Mr. Morrill, of Vermont,
comes in.
Mr. CATTELL. I will only say that the
resolution itself was drawn by Mr. Morbill,
of Vermont, in his own words, submitted to
the House, and passed there. It meets his
entire approbation, and I should like to have
it considered at once on account of the late-
ness of the session. It simply provides against
frauds upon the revenue by bringing in worsted
goods mixed with silk, with a single line or
two of silk in them, below the actual tariff upon
woolen goods alone. It is simply to prevent
frauds upon the revenue. It is approved by
Mr. Morrill, passed the House by an almost
unanimous vote yesterday, and it is in every
respect important that it should pass at once.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will state to the Sen-
ator from Ohio that this is an amendment that
we made in the new tariff, which failed to pass,
with reference to that very thing.
Mr. SHERMAN. I simply wished to have
it understood.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. POMEROY afterward said: I move to
reconsider the vote by which House joint res-
olution No. 47 was passed. I desire to otter
an amendment to it. I was not in ray seat
at the moment it was under consideration, or I
should have moved it then.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the Senator will
not interfere with that resolution. If the Sen-
ator moves an amendment it will have to be
referred. A single objection will send it to a
committee. It was with extreme reluctance
that I agreed to let the resolution itself pass,
and it was only because the matter had been
thoroughly examined in committee at the last
session.
Mr. POMEROY. It has been suggested to
me by several Senators to move the amend-
ment that 1 desire to offer, and then it can be
sent to the House for concurrence.
Mr. SHERMAN. That would probably
make a reference necessary.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 have no objection to
the resolution  s it stands.
Mr. SHERMAN. It will defeat the resolu-
tion.
Mr. POMEROY. I know there is no objec-
tion to my amendment, and I do not think it
will endanger the resolution. If Senators de-
sire to have the resolution stand as it is, I would
not endanger its passage by any amendment.
Does the Senator from Ohio object to it?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will not object, but I
think it had better be let alone.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the reconsideration of the vote on
the passage of the joint resolution.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I now more to recon-
sider the vote ordering the resolution to a third
reading.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I now offer as _an amend-
ment to the resolution the bill that I introduced
yesterday morning, as an additional section:
And be it further enacted That tie joint rMolntion
of March 2 1867, to amend-section five of an net civ-
tiHAH '£ An ait to increase the duties on imports, and
fofothefpun'^'approvodjunosf;L1S64 .shrilnot
be construed to apply to lasting, lAohiin cloth, silk
twistorOther manufactures of cloth woven or made
in patterns of such size, shape, and form, or cut in
such manner as to be fit for buttons exclusively.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to know
whether that subject has been considered, by
any committee or not.
Mr. POMEROY. It has been fully con-
sidered.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will say to
my friend from Oregon that this will leave the
duty upon the material used for the coveiing
of buttons as it has been for the last tw«nty
years. That is all there is of it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed,
and the joint resolution to be read a third time.
It was read the third time, and passed.
dredge-boats on the mississippi.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Committee
on Commerce, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 37) to authorize the
Secretary of War to build dredge-boats for use
at the mouth of the Mississippi river, have in-
structed me to report it back without amend-
ment and recommend its passage, and I ask
for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate, au in
the Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment.
Mr. DRAKE. I understand that the gentle-
man who reported the resolution has an amend-
ment that lie proposes to offer to it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move to amend
the resolution by striking out the word " pres-
ent " before the word "appropriation" in the
eighth line, and inserting at the end of the res-
olution the following words:
Provided for in the act making appropriations for
the repair, preservation, and completion of certain
public woi lis heretofore commenced under the au-
thority of law, and for other purposes, approved
March 2,1S67.
So that the resolution will read:
That the Secretary of War be, and is hereby, au-
thorized, on tbe recommendation of the engineer
department, to build and operate two drcdze-boats
for the purpose of deepening and keeping open the
channel of one or more of the passes at the mouth
of the Mississippi, and to expend forthat purpose eo
much as may bo necessary of the appropriation for the
improvement of the mouth of the Mississippi river
provided for in the act making appropriations tor
the repair, preservation, and completion of cortam
public works heretofore commenced under the au-
thority of law, and for other purposes, approved
March 2,1867.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed,
and the joint resolution to be read a third time.
It was read the third time, and passed.
siiip-canal abound the falls op the ohio.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 41) providing for the neces-
sary surveys for a ship-canal around the falls
of the Ohio river for military, naval, and com-
mercial purposes, have directed me to report
it back and recommend its passage ; and Task
that it be acted upon now. It will lead to no
debate, and take but a moment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to the present consideration of
the resolution? If there be no objection it
will be considered as before the Senate. _
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will ask what is the
necessity for it, and what particular falls of the
Ohio river are meant? .
Mr. CHANDLER. This is simply ordering
a survey from appropriations already made.
It does not appropriate a dollar. Itis the falls
of the Ohio.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Where?
Mr. CHANDLER. Below Louisville, Ken-
tucky.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There has already been
one canal built around there which the Gov-
ernment used to own stock in, but which it
! finally gave up entirely to the stockholders,
i This proposes another one.
Mr. CHANDLER. This is around the
same falls. It is simply ordering a survey
from an appropriation already made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. An appropriation for
what?
