1887.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
403
just made has touched upon the very point of
question which exists as to the amendment he
himself has offered. His amendment author-
izes an adjournmentof the two Houses in July
next unless the two Housesthen otherwiseorder.
Now, sir, I desire to call the attention of the
Senate to the very clause of the Constitution
to which he referred, that which authorizes a
smaller number than a quorum to "adjourn
from day to day" and to "compel the attend-
ance of absent members in such manner and
under such penalties as each House may pro-
vide." Suppose that the amendment offered
by the Senator from Vermont be adopted, and
both Houses concur in the resolution in that
form, I suggest to the honorable Senator that
possibly when a minority, less than a quorum
of the two Houses, assemble here on the day
named, they might have under the Constitu-
tion the power to adjourn over from day to
day, and to send the Sergeant-at-Armsto com-
pel the attendance of absent members, and they
might have the power to order that the two
Houses should not be adjourned over until
December in the manner contemplated by the
resolution.
Mr. President, there is one very simple way
of avoiding every question about this matter,
and I desire to call the attention of,Senators
to that mode. If we arc to have an adjourn-
ment of this kind, with power to meet between
now and the first Monday in December, I sub-
mit that the only way you can put it in which
there shall be no possible question is that
which I proposed the day before yesterday:
that if a quorum of the two Houses be not
present on the intermediate day named then
the Presiding Officers shall adjourn the two
Houses over to another day. That brings the
two Houses in conflict with no provision what-
ever of the Constitution ; there can be no ques-
tion made under any provision of the Consti-
tution upon that mode of proceeding. But in
the shape that the Senator from Vermont puts
the matter, it is open to question whether a
small number of the members of the two
Houses coming here on the day fixed will not
have the power to adjourn from day to day
and to compel the attendance of absent mem-
bers.
I do hope that the Senate will consider this
matter, and if they should finally (as I think it
would be very wise in them to do, and as I
have urged them to do) vote in favor of inter-
mediate times of meeting between now and the
first Monday of December, I think there is no
shape in which they can put the matter that is
so entirely free from objection as that which I
presented the day before yesterday: to author-
ize the officers of the two Houses, unless there
be a quorum present on the designated day,
then to adjourn the two Houses over.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the difficulty stated
by the Senator from Missouri is really an ex-
isting difficulty, and he is right in his supposi-
tions, the same rule would apply at present.
Suppose we now pass a concurrent resolution
that on Monday next at twelve o'clock the
Presiding Officers of the two Houses adjourn
their respective Houses without day, and that
resolution is passed by a quorum ; when Mon-
day comes there are but a dozen members of
each House present; the rest have gone home.
According to the argument of the Senator
from Missouri that dozen in each House may
refuse to adjourn and may compel all the
others to come back. I think he would hardly
contend that; and unless that consequence
would follow uie power to adjourn and decide
what action shall be taken on a future particular
day, unless it be otherwise ordered, amounts
to "the same thing. If there be a quorum of
the two Houses present, then they may order
otherwise; if not, less than a quorum have no
power to control the proceedings and actions
of the two Houses, for it is only an adjourn-
ment after all.
Mr. DKAKE. With all respect to the hon-
orable Senator from Maine, I must differ from
him on that proposition, forthis reason : when
the two Houses have passed a joint resolution
with regard to an adjournment, a quorum being
present in both Houses and voting upon it,
and when they have by such a resolution im-
posed upon the Presiding Officers of the two
Houses a duty under given circumstances, that
is just as much a law to those two officers as
if it were a statute upon the statute-book of
the nation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is precisely what
I contend. It is a law to them that they must
adjourn the two Houses on that day. So, it
being a part of the same resolution in this
case, that .when the time arrives to which we
propose to adjourn in July, if that is fixed,
then, unless it be otherwise ordered a certain
other thing shall be done, it is equally imper-
ative on the Presiding Officers of,the two
Houses then to do that thing. Nobody can
control those Presiding Officers except a quo-
rum of each House. If a quorum of the two
bodies be present and agree otherwise, very
well; if not, this law or order must be carried
into execution.
Mr. DRAKE. The point suggested by the
Senator from Maine is the very point about
which the controversy may arise, to wit: that
when we meet in July none but a quorum of
the two Houses can control the action which
the Presiding Officers take under the resolution
we may adopt now. When the Constitution
expressly says that a number less than a quo-
rum shall have a particular power, can we take
that particular power from them, when we leave
the matter in a position when they may act
under that power?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will the Senator alloy
me to ask him a question ? ' ^:
Mr. DRAKE. Certainly. i!?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Suppose we should pass
to-day a resolution to adjourn to-morrow with-
out day at twelve o'clock, and that to-morrow
at twelve o'clock there should be only twenty-
five Senators here present, and fifty members
of the House, does the Senator from Missouri
mean to say that the twenty-five men here and
the fifty there could adjourn until the next
day?
Mr. DRAKE. No, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then where is the differ-
ence between that case and ordering that the
two Houses shall adjourn two weeks hence or
three months hence ?
Mr. DRAKE. Just simply because they
will not in July, when they come here, I take
it, be as clearly under the operation of this
resolution as framed by the honorable Senator
from Vermont as they would be to-morrow
under a resolution now adopted, such as is
suggested. The very object I aim at is to shut
down upcm the possibility of a minority, a
number less than a quorum, availing itself of
that provision of the Constitution. Why will
not the honorable Senator from Vermont,
instead of usingthe phraseology "unless other-
wise ordered," adopt the other phraseology,
and say that unless a quorum of both Houses be
present the thing shall not be done ? Then you
do not leave any question. The two Houses
have ordered that a minority who may be in
attendance shall not do what is feared. If the
honorable Senator from Vermont will adopt
that phraseology it will cover, in my opinion,
the whole case, and get rid of every possible
objection. There cannot be, in my opinion,
any way in which the ingenuity of man can
contrive to get around the effect of the resolu-
tion so worded.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will assure my friend
from Missouri that the other day, before this
question arose in the Senate, I framed an
amendment in iust the way that ho names, and
another gentleman framed another in the form
in which this is now presented, and I was con-
vinced in thinking it over for two or three days
that this form on the whole was the best. That
is the reason why I stick to this, although tuey
both mean exactly the same thing.
Mr. MORTON. I think the careful consid-
eration of the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Vermont will not allow the order im-
plied in the phrase " unless otherwise ordered" i
to be made by less than a quorum of each
House; but still there may perhaps be an ar-
gument made that a minority less than a quo-
rum might "otherwise order" an adjournment
until the next day and send for absent mem-
bers. The Constitution expressly provides that
less than a quorum may adjourn from day to
day, and may send for and compel the attend-
ance of absent members. That is the .only
case in which less than a quorum is permitted
to act. Now, suppose that on the first Wed-
nesday in July some twenty members of the
Senate and fifty members of the House come
here, and they are of opinion that it is very
important that Congress should be in session;
they believe there is an emergency requiring
the assembling of Congress, and they assume
that less than a quorum is authorized to 1' other-
wise order" in respect to the question of ad-
journment, and to meet from day to day, and
send for absent members until the presence of
a quorum is secured. For the purpose of pre-
venting the possibility of any difficulty of that
kind I think the amendment suggested by the
Senator from Missouri ought to be adopted, and
then there can be no two opinions in regard to
the effect of the proposition.
The amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont obviates the constitutional difficulty to
which. I referred some days since, because it
places the adjournment, not upon the discretion
of the President of the Senate and the Speaker
of the House, but upon the absolute order
of Congress themselves, and intrusts to those
two officers simply the performance of a mere
ministerial duty. I thinl? it very clear that
we have no power to place in the hands of
those officers the determination of the question
whether Congiess shall meet.
The Senator from Ohio likens it to the case
of borrowing money, which he says Congress
has power to do, and yet Congress does not go
out itself and borrow money in Wall street, but
acts through agents. Let me say to the Sena-
tor that Congress can borrow no money except
in pursuance of law, and the agents to do the.
business are appointed by the law or created
under it. Now, let me ask the Senator a ques-
tion : Congress, under the Constitution, has
power to levy taxes; can Congress depute the
President of the Senate and the Speaker of
House to make a levy of taxes, to determine
the amount, to make the assessment, and pro-
vide for the collection? All that is purely
legislative business, and the assessors and col-
lectors are the agents created by law for the
purpose of performing the duty. The question
of adjournment is a legislative one. As the
Senator has said, Congress may remain in ses-
sion all the time, or it may adjourn from day
to day or from month to month, but that is a
matter within the power and the discretion of
Congress. It cannot permit the President of
the Spnate and Speaker of the House to exer-
cise that power as to when Congress shall
meet and as to when Congress shall adjourn.
That is purely a legislative question, which we
have no more power to depute anybody else
than we have to depute the power of levying
and assessing taxes and providing for the
means of collection. I think, however, that to
avoid trouble and misconstruction the sugges-
tion of the Senator from Missouri ought to be
adopted, providing that the order referred to
in the phrase "unless otherwise ordered " can-
not be made except by a quorum of each
House. That would avoid all questions in the
future.
Mr. EDMUNDS. By the leave of the Sen-
ate, I will, at the request of several Senators,
modify my amendment so as to make the last
adjournment until the first Monday of Decem-
ber.
The PRESIDENT^>ro tempore. Thaamend-
ment of theSenator from Vermont, as modified
by the mover, will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows :
The President of the Senate and the Speaker of
the House of Representatives are hereby instructed
to adjourn their respective Houses at noon on tko
29th day of March, instant, to the first Wednesday
of July, 18S7; and that, unless otherwise ordered by
