1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
40?
with me in a minority of eight stand here to-
day, to say that Congress has exercised this
power; Congress has legislated upon the sub-
ject; and Congress has declared that no State
shall come into this Union which does not in
its organic law adopt the doctrine of universal,
and not merely impartial, suffrage.
I am aware that my honorable friend from
Kentucky [Mr. Dayis] gave us a lengthy dis-
sertation upon the radical, physical imperfec-
tions of the negro. He told us that the hollow
of his foot made a hole in the ground. Sir,
thank God I have lived to see the day when
in a recent election the hollow of his hand
made a deep and permanent impression upon
the platform for which the honorable Senator
contends. Another friend of mine, who was
then in this body, speaking of colored men
voting, said he would not impose upoti the
colored man such immense and enormous
risks ; it would only result in getting his head
broken at the polls ; and yet at the election in
Georgetown the other day we had through this
very vote, at a mild, quiet, peaceable election,
a majority of one thousand and forty and four,
reminding me of those described in Scripture,
the one hundred and forty thousand and four
who came up in their white robes and wilh
palms of victory, ballots in their hands, to de-
clare the sweet Gospel to the nation.
Now, sir, I am not for this Congress ad-
journing until we have carried out the work of
reconstruction and secured suffrage, not only
in South Carolina, but in Illinois. We do not
want any disturbance upon the question of
negro suffrage in Maryland or .in Illinois. We
have declared that all men born on this soil are
citizens. That is in the Constitution of the
United States. If it was not there before, the
last amendment to the Constitution has put it
there. Congress has declared them citizens.
Now, shall not Congress also declare that they
are entitled to the rights and privileges of citi-
zens? I want a complete and glorious and a
triumphant emancipation.
I propose not to impose upon South Caro-
lina or Georgia or Alabama any restrictions
which I will not impose upon the State of
Illinois. Under the constitutional amend-
ment abolishing slavery in all the States and
Territories with the power to enforce its pro-
visions by appropriate legislation, under that
clause of the Constitution which says that citi-
zens of each State shall have the right of citi-
zens in every State under the recent constitu-
tional amendment, I believe we have power to
declare universal suffrage to be the law of
every State in the Union, as is proposed by
bills introduced by the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts and by his colleague. We
have the power to declare universal suffrage
in every State of the Union. I am not afraid
so far as Illinois is concerned to declare by
my vote that every citizen, black and white,
in"that State shall be entitled to the right of
suffrage.
One year ago when this subject was sub-
mitted to the Committee on the District of
Columbia, as you, sir, will remember, a bill
was reported for impartial suffrage, and upon
my motion that bill was recommitted to the
committee, and after a full discussion we de-
cided to report a bill for universal suffrage,
not because we were opposed to education and
intelligence, but because we were in favor of
education and intelligence, for the ballot is the
educator in this country of American citizens.
The right to vote, the right to hold office,
inspires the desire to have education, and
hence the schools and colleges which fill our
land. It is the molding influence of our insti-
tutions which makes intelligent, worthy, noble,
patriotic, and Christian citizens, and inspires
t he eloquence which fills the Hall of the House
of Representatives and the Senate Chamber.
Now, sir, I am for a complete reconstruction ;
I am for moving onward and forward until
this Congress shall have accomplished its high
destiny. We have done much. We have put
down the war waged against the Union. We
have carried out the proclamation ol emanci-
pation. We have raised the noblest army in
the world. We have equipped the finest navy
that ever rode the seas. We have passed con-
stitutional amendments by which we have
attempted to secure freedom to four million ol
our fellow-citizens. Shall we stop now when
in a few days we can pass the bills to which 1
have alluded, and instead of having an element
of dissension in the States we can, by a legisla-
tive act entirely within our power under Mifi
Constitution, proclaim " liberty tliroughout the
land and to all the inhabitants thereof."
I care not in what shape the propositions
now before us are finally presented, so that we
have it in our power to control the President
of the United States iu his encroachments, in
his usurpations, in his desire to reorganize the
Government upon what we conceive to be
principles inimical to its existence and perpe-
tuity. I hope we shall not let go our hold ; let
us hold firmly our grasp as faithful sentinels
upon the watch-tower of liberty. We will hold
it until this Congress shall add to what it has
done the cap-stone upon the proud monument
and templa of liberty which it has been erect-
ing.
[During Mr. \ates s remarks, a message
from the House of Representatives, by Mr.
McPhersox, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following resolution, iu
which it asked the concurrence of the Senate:
Resolved by the House of Ji*prc&entatives, (the Son-
ate concurring,) That on Friday, tho 20th instant, at
the hour of three o'clock p. m.. tho President of the
Sonnte pro tempore and tho Speaker of the IIou«o
of Representatives shall adjourn their respective
Houses until Wednesday, the 5th dayot Juno next,
at twelve o'clock meridian, when, unless a quorum
of both Houses be present, those officors shall further
adjourn the said IIousos respectively until Wednes-
day, the 4th day of September next, at twelveo'cloek
meridian, when, unless a quorum of both Houses bo
present, they shall fuithcr adjourn the said Homes
respectively until the tirst Monday of December
next.]
Mr. SHERMAN. I am very happy indeed
to receive the congratulations of my friend
from Illinois; but I am somewhat surprised
that he selected me as the object of his con-
gratulations.
Mr. YATES. Only for illustration.
SHERMAN. I am surprised at it, for
I believe i have not said one word about these
resolutions of adjournment from the beginning
4of the controversy to this time; and I have
'been a good deal disgusted with the length of
tho debate on so plain a proposition, i did
not say one word about it till 1 attempted this
morning to defend the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, when I endeavored
to show that we had the power to place in the
hands of the officers of the two Houses the
right to convene us on extraordinary occasions.
The, few remarks that I made do not seem to
have impressed tho Senate, for they are pro-
ceeding to act on the matter of convening tho
two Houses next summer. My own deliberate
judgment is that there is nothing in the ap-
pearance of the times to justify or to call for
any extraordinary measures. I have expressed
that by my vote. The Senator from Illinois,
however, thinks we ought to be kept here en
permanence, or until certain great objects are
accomplished; and now he proposes to^ com-
promise his view. He who would require us
to stay here day by day to watch the Pres-
ident gives that up for what wiil be a. ridic-
ulous farce, and what every Senator knows
will be a ridiculous farce. We know very well
that if we adopt the resolution in the shape
now presented we provide simply for a ridicu-
lous farce. Bach member will be left to judge
for himself whether a contingency has arisen
calling for his presence.
No one expects that Congress will convene
under this proposition.^ No state of facts can
probably arise which will induce a majority of
the members of both Houses to come here m
July to forma Congress, and unless a majority
do of their own motion, without a call, come,
nothing can be done except, ior the 1 lesiding
Officers to savthatin pursuance ol a resolu-
tion, passed on such a day, tl.ev adjourn the
; two Xlouseb until the fust Monday in Decombei.
If the House of Representatives desire this
I am willing to yield it to them in deference
to our associates in legislation. It would be
much better, in my judgment, to adopt the
measure of the Senator from Massachusetts,
the one I have voted for, to authorize the Pre-
siding Officers of the two Houses, in whom we
have entire confidence, in case of emergency
to call us together. I do not fear that power,
and do not apprehend that there will be any
occasion for its exercise. I am not, therefore,
anxious to have any proposition of this kind
acted upon.
But now, I would ask the Senator from Illi-
nois and the Senator from Massachusetts why
they lug into this debate the suffrage laws of
Ohio? What have they to do with the ques-
tion of onr adjournment? The Senators de-
sire to hold us here until we can repeal the
constitution of the State-of Ohio in regard to
negro suffrage, and yet they are willing to
compromise by adjourning to-morrow, if we
only adopt a provision that we may come
together in June or July if we choose. The
Senator from Massachusetts said he would be
willing to take that if he could not get any-
thing better.
Mr. SUMNER. I have said that I thought
Congress ought, before we go home now,
to adopt a law that shall settle the suffrage
question in every State of this Union, in Mary-,
land and in Ohio. If 1 alluded to Ohio it was
only by way of illustration, because unhappily
we have seen in the newspapers recently some-
thing that Ohio has failed to do on thatsubject.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will refer to that. A
majority of the Senate are congratulated
because we have yielded our opinions so much,
as to agree to a possible meeting of Congress
in J uly. Wc must congratulate our friends on
the other side for yielding so much, giving up a
session eti pcrmancnce, sitting here to watch the
President, for this slight shred that is given to
them merely to enable them to back out. That
is all there is of it. Now, I have no particular
objection to having two or three of these " hop-
skip and-jump" meetings, as my friend from
Vermont [Mr. Morbill] very properly de-
scribes them, if Senators really desire them. If
any ten Senators, any five Senators, or if even
the Senator from Massachusetts or any other
Senator, will say that in his deliberate judg-
ment a state of affairs will arise between this
and the next regular session of Congress which
demands the extraordinary measure of conven-
ing Congress against the will of the President,
I should feci disposed to yield to it, because I
would sacrifice all my personal convenience to
any substantial fear of that kind.
13ut there is no such fear. No one supposes
the President has the power to do anything of
the kind if he had the inclination, and we have
no evidence that he has any such inclination.
He is proceeding to enforce the laws which we
have passed over liis veto, and enforcing them
precisely as we desire him to enforce them.
The order of General Sheridan, jiublished this
morning, 1 give as an example. Then there is
the appointment of General Pope. Every in-
dication shows that the President contemplates
a full execution of those laws. Why, then,
should wo abuse him now. when he is carrying
out, in good faith our laws? Why should we
say anything against him or arraign him? On
the other hand, let him go forward in the dis-
charge of the high duties that are imposed
upon him. If I believed there was any fear
of his failure to do his duty I might think
there was occasion to convene; but there is
none. If Senators have any such fear, let us
provide for meeting together in the mod.: 1
have mentioned.
Now, sir, let me say a word m behalf of the
State of Ohio. I have heard imputations often
cast upon my State, and I have sat here m silence,
because I did not wish to drag before the Con-
gress of the United Slates the business of the
State of Ohio. Ohio can take care of her own
domestic affairs. She neither thrusts them here
nor seeks to defend them here, and I do not
rise now to defend or apologize for the action
