1867..
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
411
a survey shall show that a canal should be
located and dug.on the Indiaua side, then it
will be for Congress to determine how it shall
be done, and how much money shall be appro-
priated for that purpose. Sir, the importance
of the work can hardly be overestimated.
Mr. DAVIS. The obstruction which those
falls make to the navigation of the Ohio onght
to be removed, and with a view to their re-
moval this canal company was incorporated a
great many years ago. Its stock was partly
private and partly subscribed by the United
States Government; I do not recollect the pro-
portions. I was familiar with the concerns of
that canal at one time ; I am not at present.
The dividends to the Government in the canal
by act of Congress were set apart to purchase
up the private stock and to make the canal
free. That process continued, I know, for a
considerable time, and until a large portion
of the private stock was thus purchased for
the Government, with a view ultimately to
make the navigation of the canal free. I do
not remember the point to which that process
of purchasing up the private stock reached, or
how much of the private stock remains still
unbought; but I agree to the proposition of
the Senator from Indiana that the navigation
of that river at those falls ought to be free from
the obstruction, whether by a canal on the
Indiana or the Kentucky side or upon both
sides.
I will make this further suggestion: that if
it was necessary for the Government to open
the navigation of that river, it could seize upon
the canal company's stock, upon their property
on the Kentucky side of the river, and widen,
the canal and make the locks of sufficient
capacity for the transit of all boats, and could
open the canal to the free navigation of the
river. It would only be bound to purchase the
private stock at what it was worth, and after
purchasing the private stock at what it was
worth the Government could then proceed to
enlarge this canal and to enlarge the locks, and
it ought to do so and make the navigation of
the canal free. I hope that the survey con-
templated by the resolution of the honorable
Senator from Indiana will be ordered. It cdfi
do no harm. It will result in but a small
expenditure of money, and it will give useful
information to Congress upon which to base
action on the whole subject.
Mr. CAMERON. The Senator from Ken-
tucky may be correct; but my recollection of
its history is that somewhere about twenty
years ago, when the canal was nearly free from
debt and in a few years would have become
free and a public highway, certain leading gen-
tlemen got control of legislation, and in a furore
to get clear of everything that belonged to the
Government the stock of the Government in
the canal was sold for a trifle, and it became
invested then entirely in individual purchasers.
It is now private property, and I do not think
we have any control over it.
My objection to this proposition now is that
I look to a much greater improvement of the
Ohio river than a mere improvement around
the falls. As I said a moment ago, 1 look upon
that river as a great highway- from the Bast to
the West, one which affects six or seven States
materially. If we go into that improvement
we ought to do it on a scale which will improve
the whole river from its source to its termina-
tion. Therefore I want no money expended
now around the falls of the Ohio, but ain per-
fectly willing to vote for an appropriation, not
only for a survey, but for the improvement of
the Ohio from its mouth to its source in the
Alleghany mountains. I do not believe that
this money, if expended now, will do any good,
except to give employment to a few individuals
daring the summer. My remembrance is that
you cannot now take that stock from those peo-
ple ,* but you may make another canal on the
Indiana side, which I think the right side, and
where it ought to have been made originally.
A very small sum, comparatively, would keep
the Ohio river free from that point, clown to its
connection with the Mississippi; and 1 believe.
by a system of dams above, it would have such
a navigation as the world does not possess, for
a sum of money so small that when once ex-
pended and the improvement completed, the
whole country and the world would be aston-
ished that it had not been done long years
ago. Therefore I do not want anything done
now in a Small way which may hereafter stand
in the way of the great improvement I have
suggested.
Mr. .MORTON. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania agrees as to the great importance of
this work. He says it ought to have been done
years ago; but he seems now to be opposed to
authorizing a survey for the'purpose of having
the work done. Now, sir, I went before the
Committee on Commerce just before the ex-
piration of the last Congress and asked a
small appropriation for the purpose of improv-
ing the only harbor that Indiana has upon Lake
Michigan. A private company had been in-
corporated by the State of Indiana for the pur-
pose of making the improvement; but wc were
met by the objection that there had been no
surveys ordered by the Secretary of War and
that there were no official data upon which such
an:appropriation could be made. If new sur-
veys were made at these falls by private indi-
viduals and brought here, they would not be
received and acted on. The Senate will only
act on surveys made by official authority and
which are known to be reliable.
I ask, sir, if this has not been the practice
in regard to all these improvements of rivers
and harbors? Why this discrimination? I am
informed that the very last Congress appro-
priated nearly half a million dollars for the pur-
pose of surveying and improving navigation
around the falls of the Mississippi river or the
rapids near Keokuk. Large appropriations,
appropriations to the amount of $1,080,000,
were made for the purpose of improving little
harbors in the State of Michigan, some nine-
teen in number, all of them put together not
embracing the thousandth part of the com-
merce that actually passes up and down the
Ohio river past Louisville. Here is a work of
great national importance, not a small local
harbor upon the lake shore in Pennsylvania or
Michigan or Indiana, but an improvement of
national importance. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania agrees with me that it ought to have
been done years ago, and it would then present
the greatest channel of navigation in the world;
but he is opposed to having the surveys made
by authority and at the national expense, and
says it ought to be done by private individuals.
I submit that the argument of the Senator from
Pennsylvania does not hang together well. The
national importance of this work, it seems to
me, should at once silence every objection.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
the monitor camanciie.
The joint resolution (II. R. No. 51) relative
to the iron-clad monitor Camanche, was read
twice by its title.
Mr. CONNESS. I think the Senate will
pass that resolution now if the case is stated.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is better to let it lie
on the table till the morning, so that we may
look into it.
The joint resolution was ordered to lie on the
table.
amendment of bankrupt law.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 106.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 106) fixing the time
at which the act to establish a uniform system
of bankruptcy throughout the United States,
approved March 2, 1867, shall go into effect.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I do not mean to make
any remarks on this bill. I desire to have
simply a vote, an expression of the opinion of
the Senate. This measure has the concurrence
of the Senator who had the bankrupt bill in
charge, not now ,a member of. this body, but, a
member of the other House, who is prepared
to advocate its passage in that House when it
shall have passed this body. I trust, for; the
reasons suggested in the few remarks I made
the other day, that the Senate will act upon it,
and will give me a vote upon it without any
farther delay.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If I recollect rightly,
this matter was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and I should like to hear from
the members of that committee what the report
■was.
Several Senators. An adverse report.
Mr. JOHNSON. The committee reported
adversely.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on ordering the bill to be engrossed for
a third reading.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is due to myself to
say I was not present when this bill was con-
sidered in committee. It was reported by one
of the members of the committee adversely. I
do not know what were the reasons. The Sen-
ator from Vermont [Mr. Edmonds] reported it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It ought not to be
acted upon until we hear from the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. J OHNSON. I concurred in the report,
and I think all the members of the committee
who were present also concurred in it. The
honorable chairman was not present. I think
it liad better wait until the members of the
committee come in.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Oh, no ; give us a vote.
Mr. JOHNSON. You may perhaps have a
sufficient number to pass it now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senate is very
thin, and it is too important a bill to be passed
in this way without understanding something
about it.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is a very important
bill; but it is a bill that simply carries into
effect what the Senator from Maine and every
other Senator thought the bankrupt bill was
when it passed.
Mr. CONNESS. It does more than that.
Mr. ANTHONY. It does no more than
that. It makes the bill take effect on the 1st
of June, which is the time it was supposed
the bill took effect when it passed; and it is
not improper for me to name Judge Poland, as
that gentleman is no longer a member of the
Senate, who has had charge of the bill, and to
say that on receiving letters inquiring when
the bill went into effect as it was not immedi-
ately printed, I asked him and he said on the
1st of June, and that it would be utter nonsense
to give any other construction whatever to it,
and that whatever a man might legally do be-
fore the bill passed he could do up to the 1st
of June. But upon examining the bill after-
ward he found that he was mistaken._ The
reason of the mistake, I suppose, was this: the
bankrupt bill passed the House more_ than a,
year ago to take effect at a certain time; it
did not pass the Senate until that time had
expired, and therefore it was necessary to
alter the bill as to fixing the time of the law
going into effect. I suppose in that way this
misapprehension arose. It will be remem-
bered that the previous bankrupt bill, that
passed in 1841,'did not take effect until six
months alier its passage, and preferences in
assignments were prohibited for four mouths
previous to an act of bankruptcy which could
not be committed under that law within two
months after its passage.
Mr. CONNESS. When this bill was referred
to the committee there was a motion pending,
made by myself, to strike out the last proviso.
I now, before this vote is takoji, us it is open
to amendment yet, renew that motion to strike
out the proviso. Then the bill will contain
nothing but putting the law in operation on
the 1st of June, and I shall luivo no objue-
