414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
NAYS —Messrs. Cole. Conkling, Conness, Dixon,
Eowler, Harlan, Morton, Nye, Patterson of Tennes-
see, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Ross, Stewart, Tipton, Wade,
•Wilson, and Yates—17.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Davis, Doo-
littlo, Ferry, Grimes,Guthrie,Henderson. Hendricks,
Howard, Morgan. Norton. Patterson of New Hamp-
shire, Riddle, Saulsbury, Sumner, Thayer, and Wil-
Icy-lS.
^ So the bill was referred to the Committee on
Finance. •
TRANSPORTATION OE PROVISIONS SOUTH.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 50) to fur-
nish transportation of provisions to the desti-
tute in the South was read twice by its title.
Mr. SHERMAN. If there be no objection,
that resolution ought to be passed noiv if it is
to be passed at all. It passed unanimously in
the House. I have a letter here stating that
a vessel 
Mr. JOHNSON. What is it about?
Mr. SHERMAN. To authorize a Govern-
ment vessel to carry provisions exclusively to
the South in pursuance of the resolution we
have already passed.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution. It directs the Sec-
retary of the Navy, upon the application of
the contributors, or of any person on their
behalf, to charter a vessel to convey provisions
contributed by the people from Baltimore,
Maryland, to Wilmington, North Carolina, for
gratuitous distribution among the destituce of
the South, under the direction of the con-
tributors and such regulations as may by the
Secretary of the Navy be prescribed.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
REPORT OF A COMMITTEE.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Commit-
tee on Appropriations, to whom was referred
the bill (II. R. No. 79) to authorize the ap-
pointment of watchmen, and for other pur-
poses. have directed me to report it without
amendment, and recommend its passage.
Several Senators. It is time to adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope that the commu-
nication from the House will be taken from
the table and considered.
Mr. DRAKE. I hope the Senator from
Vermont will withdraw his motion for a mo-
ment to allow the message from the House to
be read and acted upon.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is that?
Mr. DRAKE. Asking for a committee of
conference,
Mr. TRCJMBULL. We do not want a com-
mittee of conference.
Several Senators. Yes, we do.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the Sen-
ate adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope not until that
matter is disposed of.
Mr. DRAKE. I trust we shall not ad-
journ 
The PRESIDENT.pro tempore. No argu-
ment upon the subject is in order.
Mr. DRAKE and Mr. SHERMAN called
for the yeas and nays, and they were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call tho roll, but
was interrupted by—
Mr. SHERMAN. By general consent, as
I understand Senators are willing to have the
question taken, I will withdraw the call for the
yeas and nays, with a view to have a committee
of conference appointed on the adjournment
question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It can only
be done by common consent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to any such
arrangement.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The call
will proceed.
The calling of the roll was concluded, and
the result announced—yeas 9, nays 2o; as fol-
lows ;
YEAS—Messrs. Cattell, Chandler, Conkling, Cragin,
Fowler, Patterson of Tennessee, Ramsey, Trumbull,
and wilson—9.
NAYS—Messrs. Buekalew, Cameron, Cole, Cor-
bett, Drake, Edmunds, Fessenden, Frelinghuysen,
Harlan, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Morton, Nye, Pomeroy, Ross, Sherman,
Spraguo, Stewart, Thayer, Tipton, Van Winkle,
Wade, Williams, and Yates—25.
ABSENT —Messrs. Anthony, Conness, Davis,
Dixon. Doolittle, Ferry, Grimes, Guthrie, Henderson,
Hendricks, Howard, Howe, Johnson, Norton, Pat-
terson of New Hampshire, Riddle, Saulsbury, Sum-
ner, and Wiiley-19.
So Ihe Senate refused to adjourn.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to proceed to the
consideration of the resolution of the House on
the subject of adjournment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would inquire which
resolution the Senator refers to?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I mean the one on which
tliereis adisagreementbetweenthe two Houses.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will lay before the Senate a communication
from the House of Representatives on that
subject.
The Secretary read as follows:
Is the House of Representatives,
March 28,1867.
Resolved, That thellousenon-eoneur in the amend-
ment of tho Senate to the amendment of the House
to the amendment of the Senate to theresolution rel-
ative to the adjournment of the two Houses of Con-
gress, and ask a conference with the Senate on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That Mr. Schexck, Mr. Donnelly, and
Mr. Bingham be the managers of the conference on
the pait of the House.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that resolution
will not be taken up for consideration. We
have a clean resolution from the House, which
they sent here to-day, proposing an adjourn-
ment very similar to that which the Senate has
passed. I believe it fixes two periods for a
conditional meeting of Congress instead of one,
which is not very important. I think if we are
to have these supposed opportunities to assem-
ble we may as well have two of them as one.
Hardly any one anticipates, I judge, that there
will be any session of Congress at either of
those periods.
Mr. SHERMAN. The only question is upon
the appointment of a committee of conference.
That is the shortest way to get at it.
Mr. TRUMBU LL. I think not. If we agree
to the resolution they have seut us to-day there
is an end of it.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask to have that reso-
lution read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not the resolu-
tion before the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. It can be read for infor-
mation.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution referred to by the Senator from 'New
York will be read.
The Secretary read the House resolution
received to-day, proposing an adjournment
from Friday, March 29, at three p. m., to
Wednesday, June 5, and from thence to Wed-
nesday, September 4, unless a quorum should
be present.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is the objection
to that if we are going to adjourn in that way
at all?
Mf. CONKLING. I do not see any.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The "substantial difference
between the two resolutions is that one fixes
only one period of meeting and the other two,
and they are both of them in hot weather,
unpleasant weather. I think the less of this
sort of nonsense, for I cannot characterize it
as much else, the better, and therefore I prefer
the proposition as it now stands between the
two Houses with respect to which the House
of Representatives have asked a conference;
and I move accordingly that we insist upon our
amendment and agree to the conference.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope that motion will
not prevail. If the motion was simply to in-
sist upon our amendment I should be glad to
vote forit. I do not know why we should com-
mit to six gentlemen the business of adjusting
just as they please this whole matter of ad-
journment. It has been discussed here a
great deal; everybody in either branch lias
had a full opportunity of expressing his views;
and I do not know now, after expending all
this time, why it should be committed to six
managers to determine a question so simple
as this, involving a single point. I can readily
understand how a conference between these
gentlemen might lead to fixing a session of
Congress in the fall, or some other time, which
in my estimation would be very inconvenient
and very unwise; and I do not want to find
myself in the attitude to-morrow, when the
time is all gone, of voting against the entire
report of a conference committee, or else ac-
cepting such details as they see fit to fix it.
Now, I ask, whatever may be the mode of
getting at it—and I will thank the Chair to
inform mo on that point—that we have an op-
portunity of voting separately from the question
of agreeing to a conference upon the question
of insisting upon our amendment.
Mr. DRAKE. I move to lay this pending
proposition from the House on the table with
a view of taking up the other resolution.
Mr. CONKLING. I believe l am entitled
to the floor; and I wish the Chair would be
kind enough to inform me whether under this
motion I can have a separate vote upon tho
proposition to insist upon our amendment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I suppose
that can be done.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I ask for a divis-
ion of the question, to the end that we may
insist upon our amendment; or I will submit
a motion that the Senate insist.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope the-
Senator from New York will vary his motion
so that it shall be that the Senate adhere, and
not appoint a committee of conference.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then the President would
have it in his power to adjourn us.
Mr. CONKLING. No, I beg pardon of the
Senator from Ohio. The President would not
have it in his power to adjourn us unless by an
act of usurpation ; because unless the House
adheres following a vote to adhere on our part,
which would put it in his power, he would have
no such power. I submit that we are just as
much exposed to-night as we should be to-
morrow after we vote to adhere. Then I move
on the suggestion of my friend from Vermont,
if that is the proper form, that we adhere to
our amendment. I am told—I will mention it
if there is no objection to my stating it—that
there is very little doubt that upon our adher-
ing the House will recede, and that will pro-
duce precisely the effect which this body has
voted over and over again its disposition to
produce; whereas if we get a conference com-
mittee, nobody knows precisely, composed
as the committee on the part of the House
will be, where it will land us. We have this
now in our own keeping, and my impression
is that we had better retain it in our hands.
Mr. CONNESS. I only rise to say that I
hope that course will be taken.
Mr. DRAKE. I move to lay the pending
matter now before the Senate upon the table,
with a view to take up the other resolution
sent by the House.
Mr. CONKLING. That is not in order
now. Why not vote on this now?
Mr. DRAKE. I move to lay it on the table.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to ask this ques-
tion : the House having resolved not to con-
cur in our amendment, if we then resolve to
adhere, does not that form a disagreement on
which the President can adjourn us?
Mr. CONKLING. Not at all; absolutely
not, by parliamentary rules, which nobody can
misunderstand.
Mr. SHERMAN. Allow me to say to Sen-
ators that a motion to adhere is never made in
parliamentary practice until after two motions
to insist, and to do it is considered as hostile
to the other House.
Mr. CONKLING. Then take it in the form
of insisting.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pend-
ing motion is to lay the matter on the table.
That is not debatable.
The motion was not agreed to—ayes eleven,
noes not counted.
