1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
415
Mr. CONKLINa. Now, that my action
may not be misunderstood, I will say that I
adopted the form of a motion to adhere on the
suggestion of the Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Morrill. ] If any Senator thinks that implies
a hostile animus to the other House (which I
did not suppose) I now ask that the vote be
taken on the .simple motion to insist, without
the addition of agreeing to a committee of
conference.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is, you ask a divis-
ion of the question.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have never known a
case where we insisted without at the same
time agreeing to the conference proposed,
especially if one was asked by the other House.
If _ we_ pursued such a coji#se in this case I
think it must certainly be regarded as a hostile
act. It has always been customary during the
ten years I have been in the body to include
a motion for a conference in the same vote
that insists.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is only a division
of the question ; both motions are pending.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to understand
what is to be gained by insisting? Has not
this thing gone backward and forward enough
already ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Everybody agrees that
we ought to insist, and then the question will
be at once put on ordering a committee of con-
ference. It is only a division of the question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A division
being called for, the first question is on insist-
ing.
Mr. CONKLING. Let us understand this for
a moment. Undoubtedly a motion for a con-
ference committee would be in order, just as
a great many other motions would be in order.
I suppose there is as little doubt that if a con-
ference committee was not ordered the House
would be informed that the Senate insists and
does not agree to the conference, and then the
question with the House would be whether they
would recede from their disagreement. That
is all there is about it. Therefore, do not let
Senators suppose that if we vote to insist that
therefore implies that we are going to appoint
a conference committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. But a motion to insist
and appoint a conference committee has been
made. That is the motion pending. The Sen-
ator asks for a division of the question. As a
matter of course he can have the division. I
supposed at first that that was not a divisible
question ; but the Chair rules otherwise. The
question is first put on insisting, and then it
must be put on the conference.
Mr. CONKLINGr. All I say is that the vote
on the question of insisting does not bind us
to appoint, a committee of conference.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn. ["No, no."]
The motion was not agreed to. ■
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the motion that the Senate insist
on its amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DRAKE. I now move that a commit-
tee of conference be appointed in accordance
■with the request of the House.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That motion is already
pending.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is a
part of the original motion which was divided.
The question now is on agreeing to the request
of the House of Representatives for a confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I am led to be-
lieve that there is no serious difference between
the Senate and the House in reference to this
matter of adjournment.
Mr. SHERMAN. The conferees will soon
find that out. The quickest way to get at it
is to have a committee of conference.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am anxious to adjourn,
but I think the wisest course for the Scnate_to
take is to agree to this committee of confer-
ence ; and I am satisfied that if we refuse the
request of the House, it will be regarded not
only as somewhat unprecedented ■
Mr. PESSENDEN. We did it last session
upon an important bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I know we did; and then
it was asserted, perhaps with truth, that there
was no precedent in the history of our legis-
lation for an act of that kind, as I am advised
by good authority. But there is now that one
precedent. That precedent ought not to be
followed, as it seems to me. If I was a member
of the House, and 1 had respectfully requested
a conference with the Senate on this question,
and the Senate flirted the proposition back into
my face, I think I should stand by my resolu-
tion and throw the responsibility upon the
Senate. I believe the House will do it in this
instance, and the consequence will be that the
House will occupy one position and the Sen-
ate another. I do not know whether the Pres-
ident would interfere or not; but if he did not
the result would be that we should be kept
here in session and should not reach any
adjournment. Every one knows that I am
opposed to all these arrangements about in-
termediate sessions, from beginning to end.
Mr. CONNESS. You will get one if you
agree to a conference.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I expect to get it any
way. I see it is probably inevitable.
Mr. CONNESS. That is a bad confession.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not know that it is
a bad confession. I am willing to confess the
truth at any time. When it is apparent to me
that certain facts are true I see no use in deny-
ing them. I merely rose to suggest that it
seems to me advisable that we agree to this
committee of conference, and not undertake
to stand here stubbornly upon what we have
done.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is upon agreeing to the conference re-
quested by the House of Representatives.
The motion was agreed to; and the Presi-
dent -pro tempore, being authorized to appoint
the conferees on the part of the Senate, Messrs.
Edmunds, Fessenden, and Howard were
appointed.
On motion of Mr. EDMUNDS, the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 28, 1807.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyntox.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
enrolled joint resolution.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that the
committee had examined and found truly on-
rolled a joint resolution (H. R. No. 26) author-
izing the Second Auditor to settle the accounts
of officers of the Army in certain cases ; when
the Speaker signed the same.
public affairs in maryland.
The SPEAKER. The Chair lays before the
House for reference resolutions of a convention
held vesterday in the city of Baltimore.
Mr. THOMAS. I call for the reading of the
resolutions.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Whereas the Legislature of Maryland has, since
the adjournment of this liepublic.in State convention
on the 27th of February, passed the convention bill,
in regard to which this convention has already in pre-
vious resolutions declared its judgment, and this con-
vention is now reassembled as provided lor by its mth
resolution on the contingency of the passage ox said
convention bill: Therefore,
"Ileiolved, That, we return our thanks to the Repub-
lican members of the General Assembly for their
memorial to Congress, presented to that body on the
2oth of March, and this oonven ion, m behalf of the
majority of the people of Maryland, appeal hereby
to the Congress of the United States to grant the le-
anest of that memorial. ,
'•Resolved, That we call upon Congress to Protect
the loyal majority of the people of Maryland, both
white and colored, in defeating the scheme of the
revolutionists ill the Legislature, and to in a n, m
forming and to guaranty to us by acts of Congress a
republican Shite government on the basis ot impar-
tial manhood suffrage.
"Resolved, That wo will oppose any new constitution
set up in subversion of the existing constltution undei
the convention bill which does not express the will
of the majority of the people without regard to color,
and that wo will, with the aid of the loyal represent-
atives of the nation, and by all means in our power,
resist and destroy any such ponstitution as a revolu-
tionary usurpation.
"Resolved, Thatwewill takeno partin thaapproach-
ing election lor delegates to a constitutional conven-
tion further than to recommend a general vote of the
Bepublieans of the State against the call for a con-
vention,and to useevery lawful means in their power
to defeat the call.
"Ileaolved, That should the call be sustained.by
a majority of the voters, that tho State central com-
mittee, on ascertaining that result, issue a call for
district meetings, to be held in every election district
in the State, for tho ehoiee by ballot, on tho basis of
universal manhood suffrage, of delegates to a State
constitutional convention, oacli county and the city
of Baltiuioro to elect tho number to which they may
be entitled under tho present constitution of the
State.
" liesolved. That said State constitutional conven-
tion, if called.shall assemble in the city of Baltimore
on tho first Wednesday in Juno, and proceed to form
a constitution based on universal manhood suffrage.
"ilcsoloed, That courago, wisdom, and action are
all that is necessary to success. And we call on the
tried Union veterans of the State, who have been
hardened by the conflicts of six yeais of battle and
agitation, to fly high tliebanner of liberty and Union,
and know no end but victory."
Mr. THOMAS obtained the floor.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, are those reso-
lutions before the House?
Tlip. SPEAKER. They are before the House
for reference. The reading of them was called
for by the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
Thomas.]
Mr. WOOD. Are the proceedings of partisan
political meetings permitted to eom.e before the
House in this way?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is in the habit
of laying before the House any resolutions
which are sent to him for presentation to the
House. It is for the House to determine what
shall be done with them.
Mr. WOOD. I have here the proceedings
of a meeting held in the city of New York,
expressing indignation at the action of the
Republicans in our Legislature in refusing to
allow suffrage to the colored population of our
State. Unless those proceedings are to be per-
mitted to come in I shall object to the intro-
duction of these now presented from Mary-
land.
The SPEAKER. The proceedings to which
the gentleman refers have not, so far as the
Chair is aware, been sent, to the Speaker for
presentation to the House.
Mr. ROBINSON. I desire to say that I
have here resolutions (which I have been re-
quested to present) calling upon Congress to
"reconstruct" New Hampshire, because that
State prohibits Catholics from holding office.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is obliged to
rule that the remarks of both the gentlemen
from New York [Mr. Wood and Mr. Robin-
son] are not germane to these resolutions, on
which the gentleman from Maryland is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. THOMAS. Mr. Speaker, there are
some circumstances connected with these
papers which distinguish them from the class
of papers to which the gentlemen from New
York have referred. There is prevalent in
Maryland an intense excitement, not tending,
in my humble judgment, in the direction
spoken of yesterday in my absence by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sohenck.]
Mr. WOOD. I am reluctant to interrupt the
gentleman from Maryland; but the introduc-
tion of these resolutions has been objected to.
Mr. THOMAS. The resolutions were pre-
sented by the Speaker.
The SPEAKER. The resolutions were pre-
sented by the Chair. The gentleman from New
York can, if he desires, raise the question of
reception. If that question be raised the Chair,
under the rules, must submit it to the House.
Mr. WOOD. 1 was under the impression
that my friend from Maryland had presented
the resolutions.
The SPEAKER. The Chair presented them,
having been requested to do so.
Mr. WOOD. If I understand the ruling of
the Chair, political meetings can send their
proceedings to the Speaker, and he has the
privilege of lining them before the House.
