416
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
_ The SPEAKER. The Chair will not, anti-
cipate the decision of points which may arise
hereafter, but would indicate very decidedly
that when resolutions are sent to him by any
organization of any importance in the country
he will respectfully submit them to the House.
When the question of the reception of such
papers is raised, that question is to be decided
by the House, not by the Chair.
Mr. THOMAS. The presentation of these
papers by the Presiding Officer took me as
much by surprise as it can have taken any
other member on this floor. I was not aware
that the jjaper was in the custody of the
Speaker. There is no concert between the
Presiding Officer and myself.
_ As I have said, and I reiterate it, there are
circumstances surrounding this paper which
distinguish it eminently from ordinary memo-
rials which come before the Congress of the
United States. There is prevalent in Mary-
land_ intense excitement on this subject, not
tending as I hope, and certainly will not tend
under any admonition of mine, in the direction
spoken of by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schenck] yesterday; for I would not have
this con trariety of opinions, in a well organized
and civilizcd community like Maryland, lead
to bloodshed. I anticipate a pacific solution
of our difficulty.
If the House will indulge me, as I do not
often intrude in its deliberations, I will refer
to the origin of the difficulties in Maryland.
They all grow out of circumstances existing
before existing parlies were organized. The
constitution of Maryland was adopted in 1770.
At that time nearly the whole of the population
of Maryland was located oil the borders of the
Chesapeake, upon the eastern and western
shores of that bay. The representation in our
Legislature was apportioned with reference to
population. In the constitution they adopted
our fathers inserted a provision authorizing the
Legislature of Maryland by amendment of that
constitution so as to adapt it to the changing
circumstances and location and population of
the .State. That power the Legislature of Mary-
land have uniformly refused to exercise. They
had authority under the old constitution to pass
a law and have it submitted to the people at
the polls ; if the next Legislature thought proper
to sanction that act, it would have constituted
a part of the constitution, but having the power
they forgot that which was right. They held
on to that distribution until a vast majority of
the population of Maryland was on one side,
and nearly the whole power, legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial, on the other]
I utterly deny here—I have denied it for
thirty years of my life—that there is a repub-
lican Government in Maryland. This tyr anny
and oppression no free people ought to sub-
mit to.
Let me speak of these inequalities a little in
detail. There are one hundred and fifty thou-
sand, 1 suppose—I speak in round numbers,
for I speak without premeditation or research
—there are about one hundred and fifty thou-
sand free white inhabitants located in these
fifteen counties of Maryland where settlements
were first made, while there are in other parts
of the State five hundred thousand. These
counties with one hundred and fifty thousand
free white inhabitants have fifteen members of
the Senate of Maryland out of twenty-four,
nearly two thirds of that body. No law can be
passed by that body without the consent of this
one fifth. No law can be repealed withoutthe
consent of this one fifth part of Maryland.
They have exercised their power in another
respect. Of the thirty-one Governors of Mary-
laud these fifteen counties, with this one fifth of
the population, have had twenty-four, dividing
them between counties on the eastern and the
counties of the western shores of the Chesa-
peake. The great country I represent has never
had an opportunity to elect a Governor except
on two occasions. If to the population and
wealth of these counties we add the population
and wealth of the great city of Baltimore, with
two hundred and fifty thousand inhabitants, we
March 28,
have a community who have been permitted
to elect from their midst, I think, only seven
chief magistrates. The same injustice has pre-
vailed with reference to the selection of Sena-
tors of the United States. We have a law of
Maryland, a law enacted by that dominant in-
terest of which I have spoken, which secures
one of the two Senators of the United States
to the eastern shore of Maryland, which sec-
tion forms only one of oar five congressional
districts; and the other Senator of the United
States to which Maryland is entitled has been,
except in four or five instances, taken from the
other _ seven counties, which, with the eight
counties of the eastern shore, make the fifteen
counties of which I have spoken.
The same selfishness and injustice has char-
acterized this minority government in Mary-
land on subjects of legislation. I will not
pause to point out numerous instances; I will
name one only. The school funds of the
State, contributed to the treasury mainly from
western Maryland and the city of Baltimore, is
under control of this Legislature, and has been
distributed to the people of the several coun-
ties without regard to population. Three thou-
sand white inhabitants in one of the dominant
counties were for a long time in the receipt of
as large a portion of this fund for educational
purposes as the forty-five thousand in one of the-
counties of which I am the llepresentative, and
as large a portion as tho population of Balti-
more.
Undersell a government the majority can-
not rule in any of its departments. No matter
how fixed, calm, deliberate, and unalterable
may bo that will of the majority, it can neither
prevail in the legislative, executive, nor judicial
departments of the government. Is such a
government to be deemed republican in this
age? Can gentlemen who surround me, and
whose thoughts can go back to the character
of their own State institutions, and compare
them with the institutions as I have thus rap-
idly sketched, and tell me they are republican
in form ?
_• Why, sir, one of the principles of republican-
ism which I suppose we will all assent to is
that the calm, deliberate, unchanging, inflexible
purpose of the majority must at some time or
other pervade all branches of the Government.
We of Maryland do not want that sudden ebulli-
tion and uprising of the majority of the commu-
nity to be carried into effect and make the law
of the land as in the old moboeracy of Greece.
\V e desire the distribution of power, and we
know our fathers took the precaution to give to
the minority reasonable protection, while they
intended that the majority should, by gradual,
persistent effort, have power to remove every
obstacle in their pathway to power. Never
was it intended that the minority should have
perpetual domination over the majority. I
utterly deny it, and my whole heart and soul
has been up in arms in rebellion against this
State government of Maryland, no matter to
what, political association I may happen to bo
attached, whether I am with the party out of
power or a member of the great party which
fortunately for the country, has its destinies in
its hands.
This power, thus unjustly distributed and ex-
ercised under the old constitution of Maryland
has been partially taken away. Agitation after
agitation lias wrought changes in our State.
In 1850 there was a partial rectification of this
evil. The representation from the lower coun-
ties of Maryland in the Legislature was dimin-
ished, and that of the counties from whence I
came increased, as well as that of the city of
Baltimore. The power to elect a Governor by
joint bal'lo.t of the Legislature was taken away
and was given to the people. The same con-
vention, in other respects, ameliorated the
condition of things in Maryland.
In 1864 another convention was held, and
again a small portion of that power was taken
away from the southern counties and was given
to Baltimore and the more populous counties
of the State.
Now, sir, what happened recently in the
legislation of Maryland? I speak of it with
regret. No man wants peace in our own bor-
ders more than I, and no man tolerates more
differences of political opinion. Bui that is
not reciprocated. The party temporarily in
power, this minority of the people in the lower
counties, aided by the treachery of the Gov-
ernoi. in order to augment their power, have
now boldly presented to the people a call for
a constitutional convention, for or against
which they are called upon to vote; as a basis
of which new constitution they propose that
twelve,more members of the Legislature shall
be given to the lower section of Maryland than,
they have under the constitution of 1864. The
people of the State are up in arms against such
a monstrous proposition. We have borne it
long enough, patiently, peaceably, submis-
sively, beyond what becomes a free people.
Then, sir, what are we to do? That is the
question. Unless something is done by Con-
gress the proposed convention in Maryland will
be held, in which a constitution will be adopted
aggravating our evils.
And here let me, byway of interpolation,
say that in my statement of the relative popu-
lation of the different sections of the State I
have ignored altogether the black population.
There are two hundred thousand blacks, who
are of course excluded from participation in
the right of government in any degree. I have
only run the parallel between'the white people
of one section and of another.
But Lsay we are powerless unless Congress
interposes. And has Congress that power?
The United States have power to guaranty a
republican form of government to all the States
of the Union. Congress is clothed with the
power of passing such laws as may be neces-
sary to execute this power and all powers
granted by the Constitution. That, in my
humble judgment, covers this whole question.
With this power to guaranty a republican form
of government we acquire the power first to
enable the people concerned to create such a
government.
How is Congress to exercise that power?
By an enabling act. Tho people of Maryland
should not be left there to struggle in the man-
ner proposed now in these resolutions ; they
should not be left there to resort to physical
power to enable the one party or the other to
hold power in the State. They are' a law-abid-
ing population, and they apply to Congress to
provide and guaranty them a republican form
of government.
1 did not intend to go into this subject at
length, coming up as it did so unexpectedly.
But I will remind gentlemen of another fact in
connection with the present condition of affairs
in Maryland. We_ all know what this move-
ment in Maryland is aimed at. All over Mary-
land, with few exceptions, loyal men are in
the judgeships, the clerkships, and registers'
offices. Now, the partyin power in Maryland
have utterly abrogated that article of our Con-
stitution which excludes from the exercise of
the righi of suffrage that portion of the popu-
lation of Maryland who went South during the
rebellion and took part against tho Govern-
ment of the United States. They thus increase
immensely their numerical force in the State.
And now they propose to hold a convention
in which they propose to admit twelve more
members to those counties in the southern por-
tion of the State than they rightfully are entitled
to under the present constitution of that State.
Ana they also give the right to vote to all those
m the State of Maryland who went South during
the rebellion, but have now returned, with the
design of removing from position every loyal
officer in Maryland.
Now, will gentlemen for a moment look at
the situation of the State of Maryland in rela-
tion to the seat of Government of the United
States. That State touches the Potomac river
both above and below the District of Colum-
bia, and as long as this continues to bo the seat
of Government this Government cannot be
administered without crossing the territory of
the State of Maryland. Your mails, your tele-
