418
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28.
beaten, is he less a man in form and feature
of the God who created Kim? Is there any
right but the right of arbitrary authority to
trample upon these men?
And you who tell us that the negro is a man
and a'brother; why, when the rebel repents
of his errors and swears allegiance to the Gov-
ernment; why, when he is forced to take oaths
which cannot admit him upon the floor of this
House, is he reduced to the level of the serf
of Europe or the slave of Egypt? Why dis-
franchise, why not allow him representation in
this boasted House of Representatives where a
republican form exists, at least through repub-
lican or loyal men? Why not allow him to
speak for himself in this convention of loyal
men? Sir, no more republicanism exists in
the State of Tennessee—is Tennessee not rep-
resented here while we are legislating and
making laws for her by the extraordinary action
of this Congress—no more republican form
of Government exists in the State of Tennes-
see nor in Missouri than there is under the rule
of the Pacha of Egypt or the Sultan of Turkey.
Mr. DONNELLY. Will the gentleman yield
for a question? *
Mr. BROOKS. Yes, sir.
"Mr. DONNELLY. I ask the gentleman
whether he would unite with us on this side
of the House in giving to the black man of
the North representation on the floor of this
House.
Mr. BROOKS. Sir, I would leave that
question where the Constitution leaves it. I
would leave it with the people of the States.
If the people of the State of New York choose
to give to the black man the right of repre-
sentation I shall cheerfully acquiesce in the
will of the majority. But in my own State,
where both Houses of the Legislature are
Republican by large majorities, and the Gov-
ernor is also a Republican, although their
Representatives on tho floor of this House
vote free suffrage to the black man, they deny
it in the State. And so in tho State of Ohio
and others.
Mr. DONNELLY. 'Will the gentleman
yield ?
Mr. BROOKS. I do not wish to be diverted
by the criticism of gentlemen. The gentleman
from Minnesota has greater facilities for getting
tho floor than I have. It is only by grace and
favor that I have an opportunity now and then
to speak.
The SPEAKER. Tho Chair understands
that the gentleman declines to yield altogether.
Mi1. BROOKS. Not altogether. I aui not
sufficiently skilled in debate to be subject to
criticism from all sides of tho House; but when-
over I interfere with a particular gentleman's
domain I feel it my duty to yield to him. T
have not yet come to the State of Minnesota.
If I do so at all in the course of ray argument
the honorable gentleman shall have an oppor-
tunity to question me at will.
Mr. ANDERSON. The gentleman has
alluded to my State; will he yield to me a
moment'.'1
Mr. BROOKS. Yes, sk.
Mr. ANDERSON. 1 will state that in Mis-
souri we are preparing to have a republican
form of government, and when we get it I
reckon there will not be any Democrats sent
to Congress. [Laughter.]
Mr. BROOKS. Well, sir, I will answer the
gentleman by referring to the State of Massa-
chusetts, and I wish the honorable gentlemen
from Massachusetts to listen to me. I suppose
that old Commonwealth will be surprised when
I proclaim here on the floor of this House that
no republican government exists in that State.
A large majority of the people of Massachu-
setts, the most enlightened and intelligent por-
tion, the cultivated women of the old Common-
wealth, the equals in intelligence and capacity of
the men who vote for the members of this House
— and I shall not offend the members from
Massachusetts by saying quite their equals also
in intelligence and capacity—are disfranchised
in that old State of Massachusetts ; and these
women constitute much the larger majority of
the people. Now, if you are about to come
to a republican form of government, and your
idea of such a government is one in which the
black people are enfranchised, I tell the gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Anderson] I am for
my own wife, daughter, and sister, my own
kith and kin, my own flesh and blood of Cau-
casian origin. I am in favor of free suffrage
for them before I ever would consent to grant
it to another race and color. And though it
is not for me to interfere in any way with the
politics of Missouri, I do not see how a Mis-
sourian can go before his wife, his daughter,
his sister, his mother, all disfranchised, and
say to them that the ignorant negro of the
State of Missouri has a better right to vote
under a republican form of government than
are the wives and daughters of the white citi-
zens of the State.
Mr. ANDERSON, I hope the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Brooks] does not under-
stand me as being opposed to woman suffrage.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BROOKS. The cause of woman is
gaming ground in Missouri, and my friend near
me from that State [Mr. Noell] has an ad-
junct now in the honorable gentleman yonder,
[Mr. Anderson.]
Mr. BALDWIN. Will the gentleman allow
me a moment?
Mr. BROOKS'. Certainly.
Mr. BALDWIN. I only wish to say this :
it is true that women do not vote in the State
of Massachusetts, but the question is being
agitated there. Now, I will ask the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Brooks] if he will appear
and speak in behalf of the women of thus being
allowed to vote ?
Mr. BROOKS. If the honorable gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Baldwin] will follow
the example of the gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. Thomas] and say that his own State has
not a republican form of government, I will
be willing to speak for the women while he is
speaking for the freedmen.
Mr. BALDWIN. I will not say that. But
will tho gentleman come down to my State and
advocate earnestly the extension of suffrage to
women ?
Mr. BROOKS. If it shall be held that a
republican form of government consists in uni-
versal suffrage to its full extent, then I shall be
for women and even for children voting. That
is the answer I make to tho gentleman.
Sir, tell me not of a republican form of gov-
ernment with the representation that now exists
upon the floor of the other branch of Congress.
Is it a republican form of government under
which the small State of Rhode Island has tho
same number of Representatives in the other
branch of Congress with tho great State of
New York and its millions of population? And
so, too, in regard to Delaware. Has that little
State, under a thoroughly republican form of
government, the right to fully offset in one
branch of Congress the great Keystone State
or the State of Ohio? Is the Senate of the
United States republican in any form whatso-
ever, in name, pretense, or even shadow of form,
if numbers constitute republicanism, if popula-
tion is the test? No, sir, as the Senate of the
United States now exists there is no such
republicanism in it. It is a body without
numbers, a body without population, a body
existing in utter defiance of any form of Dem-
ocratic government whatsoever; and I shall
expect the honorable gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Thomas] when he undertakes the
reformation of affairs in his own State to in-
troduce upon the floor of this House a propo-
sition to abolish the Senate of the United States
in its present form, and ask for a change of
the Constitution of the United States in such
form that we may have equality of representa-
tion there as well as in this body.
Sir, the little State of Nebraska has been
shoved into the Union with two Senators in
Congress to offset such great States as Ohio,
Indiana, Pennsylvania, and New York. Why,
sir, there are more people in the lower wards
of the city of New York, plying their avoca-
tions and pursuing their various forms of indus-
try, even underground, ay, sir, even under-
ground, five to one, than now exist in the whok
State of Nebraska. Yet Nebraska has in the
Senate of the United Stales an equality of rep-
resentation with the great State of New York.
Now, sir, whenever we in this Congress un-
dertake to create a practically republican form
of government, as defined by the gentleman from
Maryland, I propose that we shall go to the very
bottom, the foundation of things. I do not pro-
pose to halt in Maryland, but to look over the
whole extent of our country, here, there, and
everywhere, and endeavor to republicanize the
whole country. When that is undertaken and
carried out, the Constitution of the United
States will no longer exist. And there will be
no more liberty on this side of the Potomac,
no more respect paid to the Constitution, than
is now paid under the military monarchy, on
the other side of that Potomac.
Sir, no more dangerous doctrine can possi-
bly be put forth than that put forth by the vener-
able gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Thomasj,]
that Congress has the power and it is its duty
to adjudicate upon and determine what con-
stitutes representation in a State. Sir, it is
an utter subversion and overthrow of the whole
structure and form of our Government; a cen-
tralization, a consolidation, a despotism of the
worst sort, utterly repugnant to the ideas of
the fathers who framed the Constitution of the
United States.
The House, I trust, will excuse me for the
diffuseness of these remarks, which have been
made without any preparation, because tho
remarks of the gentleman from Maryland
seemed to call for some reply. But perhaps
at this hour, and in view of the peculiar cir-
cumstances under which we are now assem-
bled, our time is best consumed in declamation
and debate of this sort, for we might be en-
gaged in much more dangerous occupation.
message fkoji the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed without amendment a bill (H. R. No.
101) for the relief of John Perry.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed joint resolutions of the following
titles, with amendments, 'in which the concur-
rence of the House was requested :
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 47) to amend
an act entitled "An act to provide increased
revenue from imported wool, and for other
purposes;," and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 37) to authorize
the Secretary of War to build dredge-boats for
use at the mouth of the Mississippi river.
The message further announced that the
Senate had insisted upon its amendment, disa-
greed to by the House, to^the amendments of
the House of Representatives to the bill (S.
No. 88) making appropriations to supply defi-
ciencies in the appropriations for contingent
expenses of the United States for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1867, and for other pur-
poses ; had agreed to the conference asked by
the House, and had appointed Mr. Morrill
of Maine, Mr. Edmunds, and Mr. Buckalew
as conferees on the part of the Senate.
public affairs in maryland again.
Mr. PAINE. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. ROBINSON. I desire to ask a ques-
tion.
Mr. PAINE. I will yield for that purpose,
but for no other.
Mr. ROBINSON. I wish to ask my vener-
able friend from Maryland, who has again and
again insisted that Congress shall guaranty to
each State a republican form of government,
where he finds that doctrine?
Mr. THOMAS. Mr. Speaker, I dislike to
engage in these colloquies on the floor. I
seek to enunciate my opinions with distinct-
ness——
