1867,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. ROBINSON, t I ask the question with
all proper respect for the gentleman.
Mr. THOMAS. I will say in reply to the
gentleman that the Constitution of the United
States expressly declares that Congress shall
guaranty to the several States of the Union a
republican form of government.
Mr. ROBINSON. There is no such pro-
vision in the copy of the Constitution which I
possess. I rose for the purpose of malting this
correction: that while Congress has a suffi-
eiency of power and knows how to exercise it,
the Constitution does not contain any provis-
ion that Congress shall guaranty to each State
are pub! ican form of government. The pro-
vision is that—.
• States shall guaranty to every State
in tnis union a republican form of government."
Congress is not '"the United States."
Mr. GARFIELD. Who is?
Mr. ROBINSON. I will say in reply to the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] that Gen-
eral Grant is a part of "the United States;"
Admiral Farragut is a part of "the United
States;'' the Army and Navy are a part of " the
United States;" the President and the Supreme
Court are a part of "the United States;" the
people, above all, are part of "the United
States." Congress never had this power. The
makers of the Constitution never gave Congress
the power.
Mr. THOMAS. I will briefly respond to
the inquiry of the gentleman (which concerns
a subject _ very broad and latitudinous) by
advising him to examine the seventh volume
of Howard's Reports of the decisions of the
Supreme Court of the United States. In the
celebrated ease there reported of Luther vs.
Borden, which I remember to have read many
years ago, he will, if I am not very much mis-
taken, find the doctrine laid down that this
grant of power to the Government of the Uni-
ted States clothes Congress with the power to
look inside of a State and determine whether
a government claiming to be republican is so
or not, because, said the Supreme Court, it is
for Congress to exercise the power gj^en to
the United States to guaranty a republican
form of government to every State in the
Union. This was the decision solemnly ren-
dered in the case of Luther vs. Borden, growing
out of the political troubles in Rhode Island
many years ago.
Mr. PAINE. Before renewing the call for
the previous question I shall take the liberty to
make a statement respecting my own State,
which has been referred to by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Brooks.]
It was stated to the House by the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Brooks] as the result of
gerrymandering in the State of Wisconsin that
State was represented upon this floor by five
Republicans and only one Democrat. It is a
sufficient answer to that to say to this House
that the Democratic Representative had a ma-
jority of only 2,600 in round numbers, while
my own majority, the least of all of the Repub-
lican members, was 4,380; one of my col-
leagues having a majority approximating 8,000.
The average majority was far greater than that
of the Democratic Representative.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not think I applied the
word gerrymandering to the State of Wisconsin.
T applied it to Pennsylvania, and not to Wis-
consin.
Mr. PAINE. I believe the gentleman used
the word in connection with the State of Wis-
consin ; but I will not quarrel about it
I yield five minutes to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley.]
Mr. KELLBY. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
inquire of the gentlemen from New York, [Mr.
Brooks and Mr. Robinsox,] who deny the
right, of Congress to respond effectively to the
Maryland memorial, whether they have inves-
tigated the question as to the constitutional
right of Congress to regulate suffrage in all the
States so far as electors for the most numerous
branch of the Legislature are concerned? Sir,
I assert, and I do it, as the members of the last
Congress willT think admit, on abundant histor-
ical evidence, that the framers of the Constitu-
tion confided that power to Congress when, by
section four of article one, they provided that
Congress should regulate the time, place, and
manner of holding elections; and that they
submitted conditionally, and only meant to
submit conditionally, to the States the ques-
tion of who should vote for the most numerous
branch of the Legislature, together with the
regulation of the time and place of holding
elections. That question was to be submitted
to the States in the first place; so that, if it
were rightly disposed of by them, Congress
need not. exercise the power reserved to it.
As I only wish for the present to invite the
attention of those gentlemen to the question, I
will hold myself ready to furnish them or others
with conclusive evidence drawn from the de-
bates in the Convention which framed the Con-
stitution and the conventions which adopted it
for the several States, and will not inflict a
repetition of it again upon gentlemen who were
members of the last Congress, or further pursue
the subject at this time.
Having been absent from the House during
most of the discussion, I content myself with
thus inviting the attention of gentlemen to the
question and asserting my conviction, and my
readiness to demonstrate the fact, that Congress
has the right to regulate suffrage so far as re-
lates to electors of the most numerous branch
of the Legislature, whereby it may determine
who shall vote for members of Congress, and
who shall select the members of at least one
of the two bodies which elect United States
Senators. In this opinion I stand with Madi-
son and the fathers of the Constitution gen-
erally, and do but utter their views, their most
earnest convictions, when I say that without that
power being in Congress, an enduring, united
Government is an impossibility; that without
it one State may destroy the Union and over-
throw the Government. I have said thus
much because I did not want this argument to
pass without the utterance of at least a feeble
protest against any other conclusion than that
which I have enunciated, and which their own
words prove was the conviction of the framers
of the Constitution and the founders of our
Government.
Mr. PAINE demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGIi demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The paper was then ordered to be printed,'
and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
adjournment of coxorjsss.
Mr. PAINE. I rise, Mr. Speaker, to offer
a resolution relating to the adjournment and
closing of the present session of Congress.
After I have had it read at the Clerk's desk I
will yield to the gentleman from Iowa [Mr,
Allisox] to offer an amendment, and then to
the gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Doxxelly]
to offer an amendment to the amendment. I
will not yield for discussion, but will call for
the previous question.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives,
That the President of the Senate and the Speaker
of the House of Representatives be authorized to
close the piesent session- by adjourning their re-
spective. Houses on Friday, the 29th instant, at
tvvelvo o'clock in.
Mr. ALLISON. I offer the following amend-
ment as a substitute:
Resolved by the House of Representatives, 6tho
Senate concurring,) That on Friday, the 29th day
of JVJ arch, instant, at the hour of throe o'clock p.
m.. the President of the Senate and Speaker of the
House of .Representatives shall adjourn their respect-
ive Houses until Wednesday the 5th day of June
next, meridian, when, unless a quorum of both Houses
bo present, those officers shall further adjourn tho
said Housesrespectively until Wednesday, the4tliday
ofSeptember next, meridian, when, unless a quorum
of both Houses be present,, they shall further adjourn
the said Houses respectively until the first Monday
of December next.
Mr, DONNELLY. I offer the following as
an amendment to the original resolution, to
come in at the end:
Until the first Wednesday in July next, and, unless
otherwise ordered, tho President of the Senate md
speaker 01 the House,shall on said day acHouvn their
respective Houses until tho first Monday In Decem-
ber, m the present year.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to offer au amend-
ment. '
ivr1"' t0 llear ^ rea<1-
Mr. GARFIELD. 1 move to ameud the
substitute proposed by tho gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Allison] by striking out the word
"Friday" and inserting " Monday next."
Mr. PAINE. I cannot consent to that.
Mr. GARFIELD. I believe I have a right
to move an amendment.
The SPEAKER. Tho gentleman from Wis-
consin has the floor.
Mr. PAINE. I call the previous question.
On seconding the previous question" there
were—ayes G2, noes 25.
Mr. SCIIENCK. 1 demand tellers.
Tollers were not ordered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understand the
Senate is now considering the resolution passed
yesterday, and for the purpose of waiting for it
I move to lay this resolution and amendments
on the tabic, and on that I demand the yeas
and nays.
The veas and nays were ordered. -
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wish to say 
Mr. SPALDING. I object to debate.
The question was taken: and it was decided
in tho negative—yeas 54, 'nqgs 63, not voting
47; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, DelosR. Ashley,
Baker.Baldwin.Bonton, iioutwotl, Brooniall, Butler,
Churchill, Cobuin, Cook, Covode, Cullom, Driggs,
Eekley, JSla, Fnmswovth, Finney, Garfield, Gravely,
Jlalsey, Hamilton, Hayes, Hill, Hooper, Ingersoll,
Judd, Kellcy, William Lawrence, Loan, Logan,
Loughridge, Lynch, Marshall, McClurg, Myers,
O'Neill, Pcrbam, Pile, Polsley, Shanks, Aaron F.
Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens, Taylor, Burt Van Horn,
Robert, T. Van Horn, Ward, Welkor, Thomas Wil-
liams. William Williams, John T. Wilson. Windom,
and Woodbridge—54.
NAYS — Messrs. Archer, Benjamin, Bingham,
Blaine, Blair, Brooks, Bucldand, Burr, Cake, Ohan-
ler. Reader W. Clarke, Cornell, Denison, Donnelly,
Eldridge, JVrriss, Ferry, Fields, Getz, Glossbrenner,
Grisivold, Holman, Hopkins. Asahel W. Hubbard,
Chester I). Hubbnrd.Hulbnrd, Humphrey .Kerr, Ketih-
am, Kitchen, Koontz, Mallory, Marvin, McCullough,
Mercur, Miller, MorreU, Mungeri, Ncweomb, Nibtack,
Nicholson, Paine, Peters, Plants, Poland, Robertson,
Robinson, Ross, Sawyer, Scofield, Smith, Stewart,
Taber, Thomas, Trowbridge, Twitchell, Upson, Van
Auken, Van 'frump, Cadwalador C. Washburn
Henry I). Washburn, Stephen P. Wilson, and
Wood—63.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, James M. Ashley,
Banks, Barnes. Beaman, Boyer, Bromwell, Sidney
Clarke, Cobb, Dawes, Dodge, EgglestOD, Eliot, Pox,
Haight, Harding, Hunter, Julian, Kelsey, Laflin,
George V. Lawrence, Lincoln, McCarthy, Moore,
Moorhead, Morgan. Morrissey, Noell, Orth, Phelps,
Pike, Pomeroy, Price, Pruyn, Randall, Raum,
Schenck, Selye, Shollabargor, Sitgreaves, Spalding,
Stono, Taffe, Van Aernam, Van Wyck, William B.
Washburn, and James F. Wilson—17.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
The main question was then ordered.
Mr. PAINE. I wish to call the attention
of the House to a slight^ modification of the
original resolution which will be rendered ne-
cessary in case the amendment of the gentle-
man from Minnesota [Mr. Donnelly] shall
be adopted. As it now stands it reads "for
the close of the present session.". I wish to
substitute the word "adjourn" if the amend-
ment shall be adopted, so as to make it con-
sistent.
And I wish here to give the reason why I have
declined to allow any discussion on this reso-
lution. I supposed that the matter had been
fully discussed heretofore upon the resolutions
that have been before the House, and that the
minds of members were made up on the sub-
ject. I will state further that I am not so
strongly inclined to either one of these propo-
sitions but I shall bo content whichever one is
adopted. But I want something voted upon
by the House at this time.
Mr. ROSS. I desire to ask a question of
the Chair. If the amendment of the gentle-
man from Minnesota [Mr. Donnelly] should
be adopted, will it not prevent the members of
