420
TBI CONGRESSIONAL GLOBB.
March 28,
tkis House from visiting the Paris Exposition
this year ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman very well
understands that that is not a parliamentary
question.
Mr. BROOMALL. All of these amendments
propose in certain contingencies an adjourn-
ment until the first Monday in December next,
upon which day the next regular session will
begin. Now, if either amendment is adopted,
and the resolution, as amended, should be
adopted, ^iil it not require us to at least go
through the form of meeting on the first Moil-
day of December next to close formally the
present session before commencing the next
session?
The SPEAKER. The,Chair will decide that
question at the time, should he then be occu-
pying the Chair.
Mr. BALDWIN. I desire to ask the Chair
a question in regard to the effect of a vote. If
the amendment shall be adopted, and there
should be a quorum in one House and not in
the other, when the time for meeting shall
arrive, will not an adjournment be required ?
The SPEAKER. No order can be made,
except by a quorum of each House, by a con-
current resolution.
Mr. DONNELLY. If the amendment I
have offered should prevail, and the resolution
so modified should be adopted, and Congress
should meet here in July next, would there
bo anything to prevent another meeting in
Soptember, should it then be deemed neces-
sary ? t>
The SPEAKER. A quorum of the two
Houses in July next can determine that ques-
tion for themselves.
The question was upon the amendment of
Mr. Donnelly.
Mr. SCHENCK. Members about mo here
ask mo to vote for this amendment, and then
we can afterward vote on the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Allison.] Now, I understand this to be a
substitute 
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schexck] de-
sires to propound a question to the Chair.
Mr. SCHENCK. My colleague, I hope,
will restrain his excitability. 1 understand
that the amendment of the gentleman from
Minnesota [Mr. Doxnely] is a substitute for
the amendment of the gentleman from Iowa.
Mr. BINGHAM. That is debate.
Mr. SCHENCK. No, it is not; I ask the
Chair if that is the state of the question.
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the
gentlemen from Iowa [Mr. Allison'] is in
the_ nature of a substitute for the original reso-
lution. The amendment of the gentleman
from Minnesota [Mr. Doxnelly] is to add to
the original resolution ; and therefore the ques-
tion will be taken upon it before it is taken
upon the amendment of the gentleman from
Iowa.
The question was upon the amendment of
Mr. Donnellv, which was to add to the reso-
lution of Mr. Paine, thy following; ,
Until the first Wednesday in July next, and unless
otherwise ordered, the President (if tlie Senate and
Speaker of the House shall on said day adjourn their
respective Houses until the first Monday in Decem-
ber in the present year.
Mr. SCHENCK. On that amendment I
call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was then agreed to.
The question recurring upon the amendment
of Mr. Allison, to strike out all after the con-
curring clause and insert the following:
That on Friday, the 29th day of March, instant, at
the hour of three o'clock p. m., the President of tho
Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representa-
tives shall adjourn their respective Houses until Wed-
nesday, the 5th day of June next, at twelve o'clock
meridian, when, unless a quorum of both Houses be
present, those officers shall further adjourn the said
Houses respectively until .Wednesday, the 4th day of
September next, at twelve o'clock meridian, when,
unless a quorum of both Houses be present, they
shall further adjourn the said Houses respootively
autil the first Monday in December next.
Mr. ALLISON. I call for the yeas and
nays upon agreeing to this amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 68, nays 65, not voting
4G; as follows:
"seas—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Dclos E. Ash-
ley Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Eonjarain, Benton,
Boutwell, Broomall, Butler, Cake, Churchill, Sidney
Clarke, Coburn, Cook, Covode, Cullom, Eekley, Ela,
Farnsworth, Fields, Finney, Garfield, Gravely, Hayes,
Hooper,Hopkins, Hulburd, Hunter, Ingorsoli.Judd,
Kelley, William Lawrence, Loan, Logan, Lough-
ridge, Lynch, McClurg, Mercur, Morrell. Myers, New-
comb, O'Neill, Perham, Plants, Polsley, Sawyer,
Schenck, Scofield, Smith. Aaron F. Stevens, Thad-
deus Stevens, Trowbridare, Upson. Burt Van Horn,
Robert T. Van Horn, Ward, Wclker, Thomas Wil-
liams, William Williams, Windoni, and Wood-
bridge— 63. ,
NAYS — Messrs. Archer, Bingham, Blame, Blair,
Brooks, Buckland, Burr,Cbanler. ReaderW. Clarke,
Cornell, Dcnison, Dodge, Donnelly, iildridge, Fer-
ri&s, Ferry, Getz. Glossbrenner, (xr is wold, Ilalsey,
Hamilton, Hill, Holman, Asabel W. Hubbard, Ches-
ter D. Hubbard, Humphrey, Kerr, Ketcham, Kitchen,
Koontz, Laflin, Mallory, Marshall, Marvin, McCul-
lough, Miller, Morrissev, Mungen, Niblack, Nich-
olson, Noell, Poland, Robertson, Uobinson, Ross,
Spalding, Stewart, Taber, Twitch el I, Van Auken,
Van Trump. Cadwalader C. Washburn, Henry D.
Washburn. Stephen E. Wilson, and Wood—55.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, James M. Ashley,
Barnes, Beaman, Boyer, Bromwell, Cobb, Dawes,
Driggs, Eggleston, Eliot, Fox, Haight, -Harding,
Julian, Kclsey, George V. Lawrencc, Lincoln, Mc-
Carthy, Moore, Moorhead, Morgan, Orth, Paine,
Peters, Phelps, Pike, Pile, Poineroy. Price, Pruyn,
Randall, Rauin, Selye, Shanks, Shellabarger, Sit-
greaves, Stone, Taffe, Taylor, Thomas, Van Aernam,
Van Wye ft. William B. Washburn, James 1'. Wilson,
and John T. Wilson—4(5.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred on agreeing to the
resolution as amended.
Mr. ROSS. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The resolution, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution was
agreed to ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on tho table.
Tho latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that the
committee had examined and found truly en-
rolled a bill of the following title ; when the
Speaker signed the same :
An act (II. It. No. 101) for the relief of John
Perry.
amendment of tuis constitution.
Mr. INGERSOLL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution proposing an
•amendment to the Constitution of the United
Stales; which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Tf there be no objection
I should like to have this resolution passed at
this time. If there be objection, let it be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BINGHAM. It ought to be referred.
The joint resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
TRANSPORTATION OF PROVISIONS SOUTH.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, on the 22d
of February last this House passed a joint
resolution, which was subsequently passed by
the Senate and became a law, authorizing and
requiring the Secretary of the Navy to furnish
transportation for the purpose of carrying to
the portsof Charleston, Savannah, and Mobile
such contributions in the form of provisions,
<fcc., as the people might offer for the relief
of the destitute in the South. In a communi-
cation which I have received from the Secre-
tary of the Navy that officer states that his
power under the resolution hasbeen exhausted,
so that he finds himself without authority to
furnish transportation for a large amount of
supplies now in the city of Baltimore ready to
be transported, having been contributed by the
people of Pennsylvania and the people of Bal-
timore. I therefore ask unanimous consent to
offer a resolution, which is in substance and
almost in its precise words similar to the reso-
lution passed by the House on the 22d of last
February. It is entitled a joint resolution to
furnish transportation of provisions to the des-
titute in the South.
The joint resolution, which was read for in-
formation, authorizes and directs the Secretary
of the Navy, upon the application of the con-
tributors, or of any person on their'behalf, to
charter a vessel to convey provisions contrib-
uted by the people from Baltimore, Maryland,
to Wilmington, North Carolina, for gratuitous
distribution among the destitute of the South,
under the direction of the contributors and
such regulations as may be prescribed by the
Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I did not hear
the reading of the whole of this resolution, and
I wish to inquire of my colleague [Mr. Bing-
ham] whether it contemplates furnishing trans-
portation at the expense of the Government?
Mr. BINGHAM. It does ; and so did the
joint resolution of February 22.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I object to the
introduction of the resolution.
Mr. BINGHAM. By the resolution already
passed transportation was restricted to three
ports therein named. This resolution pro-
poses an extension of the provision, so as to
authorize transportation to the port of Wil-
mington, North Carolina. I hope my colleague
will not object.
I desire to state that it appears by the com-
munication which has been sent to me that
some of the persons contributing have tendered
a thousand bushels of corn, which are now
awaiting transportation. The parties them-
selves cannot be expected to pay the expense
of thinsportation ; and this transportation costs
tho Government little or nothing.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understand that the
law already passed gives the Secretary of the
Navy all necessary power; that it is only neces-
sary for him to carry out the law.
Mr. BINGHAM. By the law now on the
statute-book transportation is limited to the
three ports of Charleston, Savannah, and Mo-
bile. This resolution proposes to authorize
transportation to Wilmington, North Carolina.
Mr.^FARNSWORTH. I am iu favor of the
resolution.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am glad to hear the gen-
tleman make that declaration. I desire to state,
as au additional reason for the passage of this
resolution, that the Secretary of the Navy, in
the letter which lies upon my desk, states that
he has exhausted the power under the existing
law.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Will this res-
olution authorize additional transportation at
the expense of the Government of the United
States ?
Mr. BINGHAM. It will authorize addi-
tional transportation from the port of Balti-
more to the port of Wilmington, North Caro-
lina. I hope my colleague will withdraw his
objection.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I insist on the
objection.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move then to suspend
the rules, to permit the introduction of the
resolution.
On the motion there were—87 in the affirma-
tive, 1 in the negative.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended.
The joint resolution was accordingly intro-
duced, and read a first and second time. It
was ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing ; and being engrossed, it was accordingly
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
Tho latter motion was agreed to.
HOUSE MESSENGERS.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I ask' unanimous
consent to introduce the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Doorkeeper of the House he
authorized and directed to retain the number of
messengers now employed during tho recess of Con-
gress.
Mr, ROSS. I object to that.
