1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask my colleague not
to object to it.
Mr. ROSS. Why do you want them here
during the recess when there is nothing.for
them to do?
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I move to suspend
the rules.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
59, noes 16 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER under the rule ordered tell-
ers ; and appointed Mr. Woodbridge and Mr.
Ro^s.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 61, noes 26.
_ So (two thirds having voted in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended, and the resolu-
tion was accordingly received.
leave of absence.
The SPEAKER asked and obtained indefi-
nite leave of absence for Mr. Ivitche.y, Mr.
Anders ok, and Mr. Nicholson.
withdrawal os papers.
• Mr. TABER asked and obtained leave for
the withdrawal from the files of the House of
the papers in the case of John Graham, for
compensation for carrying the United States
mail.
house messengers again.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I yield for a mo-
ment to the gentleman from Indiana to hear
what his resolution is.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask the gentleman to.let
me offer the following substitute for his reso-
lution:
Jiesolved, That the Doorkeeper of the House be
authorized to retain in the service'of the House dur-
ing the vacation of Congress such of the messengers
and other employes as the publicserviee may require,
the persons so retained to include such soldiers or
seuztieii disabled in the service of the United States
as are noir employed by him: and it is declared to
bo the sense of this House that the officers of the
House should in making appointments give thepref-
ercnee to soldiers and seamen disabled in the service
of the United States, when competent for the duties
thereof.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. While I have no
objection to that, still as it eneumbers the
proposition I have submitted I very much
prefer that the gentlemen would offer it as a
separate measure.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let it be submitted to a
vote of the House. It retains in the service
of the Doorkeeper the soldiers and sailors who
are now employed, who will be dismissed un-
less this proposition is adopted.
Mr. LOGAN. How do you know they will
be dismissed?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It seems to me the reso-
lution of the gentleman from Indiana should
be agreed to. I would be willing to make it a
joint resolution, so as to apply to the other
House as well as to this. We have seen there
the bravest soldiers rejected by the Senate.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. The Doorkeeper
being a soldier, and a very gallant soldier,
and of course having sympathy for all those
who may be under him, will do ample justice
to any person having that peculiar claim upon
his favor.
Now, sir, I have introduced the resolution at
the suggestion of the Doorkeeper himself, who
considers it to be a matter of necessity. It is
a plain, simple proposition, applying to the
Doorkeepers who have been brought here from
the several States, each State having its fair
share. If the resolution be not agreed to,
going home and again returning here, they
will not receive enough to pay their expenses.
And let me say, in addition, that the Senate
always retains its Doorkeepers during the re-
cess, making them salaried officers. Now, we
have passed resolutions that Congress shall
come back here in June and at other times,
and these men will have to be here. It must
be evident to gentlemen that under the cir-
cumstances a resolution of this kind is abso-
lutely necessary, and I therefore demand the
previous question.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the previous question
be voted down, my substitute will then be in
order.
The SPEAKER. Any amendment will then
be in order.
Mr. WARD. Is this a usual resolution, and
has it passed the House heretofore ? Has it
not been the rule for the Doorkeeper to retain
such as he thought necessary, and to discharge
the others ? Is not that the old rule in this
matter?
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I am not familiar
enough with the former rules to give an an-
swer affirmatively or negatively. In my recol-
lection Congress has never before been in the
condition in which we now are. We have been
in a session for only a few daySj and these per-
sons have come from various parts of the coun-
try at great expense. Any precedent estab-
lished in .this matter would not apply to the
present emergency. I know heretofore there
have been some of the doorkeepers retained
during the entire Congress. Under the cireum-
stances of the present Congress it is deemed
necessary, and it is necessary in my estima-
tion, that this force should be retained.
Mi¥DRIGGS. The gentleman yields to me
for a moment. I wish to state an instance to
the House right in point. The Doorkeeper,
Mr. Lippincott, conceded to me the appoint-
ment of one assistant Doorkeeper. After get-
ting together our delegates we agreed upon a
man, a soldier in our State, and telegraphed
him. He left his business and came here. If
thisresolution does not pass, and the rule pre-
vailing heretofore shall prevail now, that gen-
teman will be discharged and will not have
money enough to pay his passage back.
Mr. WARD. I desire to ask a parliament-
ary question. If the previous question is
voted down, will it then be in order for the
gentleman from Indiana to introduce his sub-
stitute ?
The SPEAKER. It will be in order for any
gentleman to offer any amendment that is ger-
mane.
On seconding the previous question there
were—ayes 51, noes 35.
Mr. HOLMAN. .1 demand tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to lay the resolu-
tion on the table.
The motion was disagreed to—ayes 24,
noes 57.
The resolution was then agreed to—ayes 68,
noes 17.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE moved to reconsiderthe
vote by which the resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
duties on imports.
Mr. BROOMALL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution for raising the
rates of duties on imports ; which was read a
first and second time, and ordered to be re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means
when appointed.
protective tariff.
Mr. MILLER. I ask unanimous eossent to
present the memorial of two hundred and five
working men of Northampton county, Penn-
sylvania, asking for the passage of a pr,otect-
ive tariff, and to have it read.
Mr. HOLMAN objected.
The SPEAKER. The memorial will be
presented under the rule, and referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
bankrupt act.
Mr. MILLER. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a bill to repeal an act entitled "An
act to establish a uniform system of bank-
ruptcy throughout the United States," ap-
proved March 2, 1867, for reference to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CHANLER. I object.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed a bill and a joint resolution of the. fol-
lowing titles, in which the concurrence of the
House was requested:
An act (S. R. No,_79) to confirm certain
sales made by the direct tax commissioners
for South Carolina to persons in the Army,
Navy, or Marine corps, and for other pur-
poses; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 53) relating to
the transportation of troops by the Isthmus
routes to the Pacific States and Territories.
iron-clad camanchb.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask leave to introduce a
joint resolution relative to the iron-clad Caman-
che, and to make an explanation in reference
to it.
No objection being made, the resolution was
read for inforaiation. It authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Navy to return to the con-
tractors, Donahue, Ryan & Secor, the iron-
clad Camanche, delivered at the navy-yard at
Mare Island, California, on returning the
amount paid said contractors by the Govern-
ment for the construction of said ship, together
with cost of guns, ammunition, and stores on
board at the time of delivery, and that Dana-
hue, Ryan & Secor have full authority to dis-
pose of the same.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire this resolution to be
put on its passage and I will give the reasons
why it should be passed. A resolution for
the payment of damages to these contractors
amounting to $179,000 has passed the Senate
threo times after three several reports from
Senate committees. A bill or resolution of
the same character, introduced into the Thirty-
Eighth Congress was referred to the Naval
Committee and was favorably reported by them
to the House, but it failed to pass for want of
time. A few days ago one of these resolutions
passed the Senate by a unanimous vote. Every
committee that has investigated this claim has
decide'd that it is just and honest and that the
parties ought to be paid. There never has
been any objection made to the payment of this
claim by any committee, I believe, that has ever
investigated it. On account of an:" omnibus
bill," as it was called, which was introduced in
this House, which was distasteful to some mem-
bers, perhaps this measure may have acquired
a like character. But the fact is, this was an
entirely separate measure. The committee
reported upon it separately, and asked that it
should be passed upon its merits as a just and
honest claim. Some days ago I asked to have
the Senate resolution taken up and passed by
the House. Objection was made by the gen-
tleman from New York,- [Mr. Ward,] who, I
believe, was one of the members of the Com-
mittee of Claims of the Thirty-Ninth Congress.
I then asked permission to explain to the House
the reason why the resolution ought to pass.
I was not. permitted to do that. The resolution
was then referred to the Committee of Claims,
a committee not yet in existence.
1 will now say to members of this House
that Mr. Ryan, one of the applicants for dam-
ages in this case, has been here for more than
two years with his family from California ; a
part of his children being left in California
and a part of them being here. He has been
promised from the time he came here a favor-
able report by every committee to whom hi3
claim was referred. They have all reported
favorably upon it, and it has passed the Sen-
ate each time, and would have passed the
House but for the objection which has sent it
to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. WARD. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. LOGAN. I do not yield.
Mr. WARD. The gentleman has referred
to me.
Mr. LOGAN. I have only referred to the;
action of the House at the time the gentleman
objected; I have not referred to any remark
or objection to the bill which the gentleman
made.
On yesterday the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schenck] asked that the Committee of Claims
be discharged from the further consideration
