422
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
of this joint resolution, so that it might be
considered by the House; but his request jvas
not granted. Now, I have here the reports
.made by the committees of the Senate and
by the Committee on Naval Affairs of this
House, and they all show that these claimants
are entitled to over one hundred and seventy-
nine thousand dollars as damages.
I will state briefly how these damages arose.
These claimants entered into a contract to
build the iron-clad Camanche, which iron-clad
was to be built in the city of New York. They
engaged a rolling-mill for the purpose of roll-
ing out the side plating of the vessel. While
that was being done the Secretary of the Navy
ordered that the plates that had been made
should be delivered by the contractors to other
parties who were engaged in building other
vessels for the Government. By that action on
the part of the Government they were delayed
in getting out the plates for the Camanche.
Then when they had prepared the engines and
machinery for the vessel the Government took
them-' and put them into another vessel. Fi-
nally, under direction of the Government, these
parties took the vessel apart, and put the pieces
on' the vessel Aquilla, and sent it around to
California during the stormy season of the
year. That vessel was sunk in a storm, with
the parts of the Camanche on board. And
these parties were compelled to expend a large
sum of money to raise that vessel, obtaining
the pieces of the Camanche and putting them
together again, and making the vessel what it
is now, as good a vessel of its kind perhaps as
floats upon the broad sea.
Now, during the time these delays were
caused by the Government the materials that
were necessary for the construction of this
vessel were rising in price aud costing the con-
tractors more and more every day. The com-
pletion of the contract wa3 delayed by the action
of the Government. At the time the, vessel
containing the parts of the Camanche was
sunk, and these parties had to make these
heavy expenditures to pay the wreckers and
persons who assisted in raising from the deep
those parts again, they had to pay in gold,
which was then worth 170 iu the city of New
York. All of these expenses, all of these
losses fell upon the contractors, not because
of any fault on their part, but because of the
acts of those representing the Government of
the United States. These men did all that they
could do. They have been—at least one of
them has been—broken up in fortune by this
contract. Law-suits have been instituted
against them; judgments have been obtained
against them. Yet, although it has been de-
cided three several times that these parties arc
entitled to this amount, the Government has
thus far failed to do them justice. All that they
ask is simple justice.
Jt is strange, sir, that in this House claims
can sometimes go through in cases where the
pai ties have done nothing advantageous to the
Government; while these men who assisted
the Government in forming its Navy during
the late war, who built one of the best vessels
that floats upon the seas, who have been broken
pecuniarily by reason of their fidelity to the
interests of the Government, are almost the
only men who have been denied the measure
of justice to which they are entitled, and which
would be awarded to them in any court on
earth, if they could bring their case before a
judicial tribunal.
Sir, before this case came before this Con-
gress, two vessels were authorized to be re-
turned under similar circumstances. The
Thirty-Ninth Congress enacted a law—the bill
being passed through this House, as I under-
stand, without having been reported from the
Committee of Claims—allowing to a gentleman
named Forbes pay for a vessel which he had
built which did not comply with the terms and
stipulations of the contract. In the cases of
Mr. Quint^rd and others, who were refused
relief iu money, bills were passed authorizing
the return of their vessels that they might sell
them, making more out of them perhaps than
the price which the Government would have
paid.
Mr. BURR. I desire to ask the gentleman
whether these contractors will be satisfied with
the return of the vessel?
Mr. LOGAN. They must be satisfied with
anything they can get. They have asked re-
muneration in money, and it has been refused
to them. The committee of this House has
refused to report the bill to remunerate these
contractors for their losses. They have now no
..other resource than to ask Congress to author-
ize the return of the vessel to them, they re-
funding to the Government the amount of
money which they have received, so that they
may take their chances for the sale of the ves-
sel in some other country, and ia this way
perhaps remunerate themselves for their losses
in the completion of the vessel. I only ask
this-as the last resort, believing that this man
Ryan and the others interested in this case
have a just claim upon the consideration of
Congress, and one that should not be denied.
I now yield to the gentleman from^Ohio,
[Mr. Schenck.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to offer an amend-
ment, if it be in order.
Mr. LOGAN. I will allow the amendment
to be offered, if it will not interfere with put-
ting the resolution on its passage.
Mr. WARD. I desire to inquire whether
the resolution is before the House?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. WARD. As the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Logan] has been so discourteous as
to refuse to permit me to ask a question, I will
object to the introduction of the resolution.
The SPEAKER. After the gentleman from
Illinois has concluded the explanation which
he is making by unanimous consent, the Chair
will put the question whether there is objection
to the introduction of the resolution.
Mr. WARD. I simply desired to ask a ques-
tion : and the gentleman declined to hoar me,
though he had referred to me in his remarks,
lie has yielded to the gentleman from Ohio to
whom he has not referred in debate. I simply
asked the privilege of propounding a question.
I have no disposition to object to any gentle-
man's proposition. If ordinary courtesy is ex-
tended to me, I never object to any privilege
gentlemen may ask.
Mr. LOGx\N. If I have been at fault in not
extending ordinary courtesy to the gentleman,
I am sorry for it. I know that I have never
been guilty of intentional discourtesy toward
any gentleman. "When, during my remarks,
the gentleman fromNew Yorkrose, I supposed
that he wanted to answer me in reference to
the action of the committee, supposing that I
was addressing myself to him. But I ivas not
alluding to that point; I was only speaking of
a fact in regard to the action of the House, and
was not referring to him particularly, but only
as one of the members of the committee. I
said nothing the'gentleman could object to.
Mr. WARD. I simply wish to ask the gen-
tleman a question.
Mr. LOGAN. Then ask your question now.
Mr. WARD. Very well. The question I
desire to ask is, whether this claim of Ryan
was not embraced in that omnibus bill?
Mr. LOGAN. I will answer the question,
and I think to the gentleman's satisfaction.
This claim of Ryan, Secor & Co., was embraced
originally in the omnibus bill, but in the Sen-
ate the report of the Naval Committee, as
gentlemen will find if they take pains to ex-
amine it, put it on a different basis from all
the other claims. Hence, in the Senate this
was taken out of the omnibus bill, and passed
as a separate measure. It came to this House
three several times separate from the omni-
bus bill. It has no connection with the omni-
bus bill whatever.
Mr. WARD. Let me ask the gentleman
another question. Did not this House pass
an act for examination of all these claims by
the Secretary of the Navy, and for a report of
his conclusions to be made to the Fortieth
?
Mr. LOGAN. Yes, sir; this House did
pass a law to examine into all these claims,
but without any law of that kind they were
examined into by the Navy Department once
before. Now, in reference to claims of a
doubtful character it was well enough to do
that. It was well enough that such claims
should be investigated thoroughly. But, sir,
it seems to me it would be a strange proceed-
ing to compel these men to go back to a naval
board, to go back to a committee, to do what?
To do what four different committees Have
already done, and that is to report this billl.
Every committee has reported, in favor of this
claim, and I do not see why it should not now
be passed.
1 will state further in reference to the his-
tory of this matter, that it was put on the Pri-
vate Calendar and afterward taken up and
referred to the Committee of Claims. It was
there referred to a sub-eommittee. I will not
■say what the opinions of these men were in
reference to it,; I will not give their opinions
because they are not now in the House. They,
were Mr. Delano, My. Thornton, and Mr.
Sloan. I have not corresponded with any of
them, but I know that Mr. Thornton, who
thoroughly investigated this claim, yesterday
voluntarily telegraphed to Mr. Ryan that he
was in favor of it, and that he would have
voted for it if it had been before the House by
itself. He was one of the committee and of
course knew all the laets.
Under all these circumstances, believing the
claim to be honest and just, I ask that this
resolution be placed before the House and at
once be put on its passage.
Mr. WARD. I withdraw my objection. I
hope the House will give me an opportunity
to be heard on the resolution in some form.
Mr. LOGAN. I have no objection to that.
Mr. SPALDING. I renew the objection.
Mr. LOGAN. I move to suspend the rules.
I only ask that we shall do for these men what
this House has done for others who have had
much more money.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
70, noes 8.
Mr. SPALDING. I do not ask for a fur-
ther count.
So (two thirds having voted in the affirma-
tive) the rules'were suspended.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has asked sev-
eral times that members should vote on one
side or the other. The House is aware of the
fact that it is thinning in numbers, and that it
is necessary every member should vote if it be
not.desired to delay action by having tellers.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman yields to
me, and I propose to offer an amendment
which shall bring before the House the original
joint resolution in order to have action on
that. It is certainly germane to the subject
of the resolution. I want to bring up the same
question which arose yesterday on my motion
to discharge the Committee of Claims from
the further consideration of Senate joint res-
olution No. 19, for the relief of these parties
in order to substitute that resolution for the
one offered by the gentleman from Illinois.
Is that iu order?
Mr. WARD. It seems to me that it is not
in order.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am asking the Chair
whether it is in order. I propose to bring
Senate joint resolution No. 19, relating to
these same parties, before the House, and to
move it as a substitute for the pending res-
olution.
Mr. WARD. This whole subject has been
referred to the Committee of Claims, and can-
not be brought back except by a special reso-
lution to that effect.
Mr. SCHENCK. That is the resolution I
offer.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
this joint resolution cannot be inserted as an
amendment, but the gentleman can introduce
an amendment varying in some particular from
the resolution ordered to be referred to the
Committee of Claims. It does not need to be
