1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
423
a substantial variance; a verbal variance will
be sufficient, as will be found by referring to
the rule.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is in that way I propose
to offer the amendment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman proposed
to amend by discharging the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. SCHENCK. I propose to offer the
joint resolution itself.
The SPEAKER. It eannot be offered in the
same words as the resolution referred to the
Committee of Claims.
Mr. SCHENCK. My original proposition
was to substitute for the resolution offered by
the gentleman from Illinois a resolution to dis-
charge the_ Committee of Claims from the fur-
ther consideration of the Senate resolution
relating to this claim, so as to bringthat resolu-
tion before the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that
that is not in order, and refers to the rule, to
be found on page 12 of the Digest, as follows:
"No motion or proposition on a subject different
from that under consideration shall be admitted
under color of amendment; and no bill or resolution
shall at any time be amended by annexing thereto
or incorporating therewith any other bill or resolu-
tion pending before the House."
The note by the compiler is as follows :
"Thelatterelauseof this rule, as originally reported
to the House, contained at the end of it: 4 nor by any
proposition containing tho substance in whole or in
part of any other bill orresolutionpending before the
House.' These words were stricken out by theHouse
before it would agree to tho rule, by which it would
seem to have been decided that an amendment con-
taining the substance of another bill or resolution
may be entertained."
Mr. SCHENCK. I believe the Senate reso-
lution is on the Clerk's desk, and I ask what
is the exact sum that is named in it; if it is not
$179,000 80?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. SCHENCK. I understand the con-
tractors do not care about the eighty cents, and
therefore I will offer as an amendment the same
resolution changingthe sum named to $179,000.
The SPEAKER. That is in order.
Mr. WARD. I believe that is not in order
without a suspension of the rules. It is a dis-
tinct proposition.
The SPEAKER. The rules have been sus-
pended to allow the joint resolution in regard
to the iron-clad Camanche to be considered in
the House ; therefore an amendment which is
germane is in order.
Mr. SPALDING. Does not the amendment
make an appropriation?
The SPEAKER. It does.
Mr. SPALDING. Then I object.
The SPEAKER. The objection comes too
late: the rules have been suspended.
Mr. SPALDING. The House by a two-
third vote allowed this resolution to b'e con-
sidered, but not an amendment making an
appropriation. I believe we have a' right to
have another vote taken about suspending the
rule requiring a bill or resolution making an
appropriation to be considered in Committee
of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The rules have been sus-
pended to introduce this resolution, and it has
been explained at some length. The amend-
ment is germane and is in order. The sus-
pension of the rules covers that point.
Mr. SPALDING. It enables them to get
money from the Government under false pre-
tenses.
The SPEAKER. It does not, because a
majority of the House is required to pass the
amendment. The only reason why bills con-
taining appropriations are required first to be
considered in Committee of the Whole is that
members shall not be surprised by the intro-
duction of bills for the relief of claimants by
appropriating money directly; hence the rule
requiring that they shall be submitted to the
Committee of the Whole. Now, the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Logajt] has explained
thisresolufciouat some length. The amendment
is germane to the original resolution, the House
is aware of the nature of the proposition for the
relief of certain contractors, and it will require
a vote of a majority of the House to pass it.
Mr. WARD. Is the amendment before the
House ? " *
The SPEAKER. Itis._
Mr. WARD. I inquire if it does not con-
tain an appropriation?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has just decided
that question. [Laughter.]
Mr. ROSS. I call attention to the fact that
the original resolution is to return the iron-
clad vessel to the contractors, and this amend-
ment appropriates $179,000. It appears to me
that it is not germane to the original proposi-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided
that tho amendment is germane. If the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Ross] thinks the
Chair is incorrect he can appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair, and the House will then
decide whether the decision of the Chair should
be sustained or not.
Mr. ROSS. I do not propose to appeal
frcrm the decision of the Chair; I desired
only to call the attention of the Chair to that
point.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not propose, after
the very full and very fair explanation made
by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Logan,]
to detain the House by many remarks of my
own. My colleague [Mr. Spalding] intimates
that by taking advantage of the suspension of
the rules to offer the amendment which I have
submitted—which, though differing in form
from, is substantially the same as the joint reso-
lution which has been ordered to be referred to
the Committee of Claims—he intimated that I
was endeavoring to obtain money by false pre-
tenses ; and he even intimated in a good-hu-
mored waythat I might be indicted for it. I will
say that I think I could defend myself against
a charge of that sort before a fair jury much
easier than I could defend myself against the
charge of sitting in myplace here as a member
of Congress and undertaking to obtain by false
pretenses from these men their labor for years
without paying them for it as they should be
paid.
Now, I am opposed to the resolution of my
friend from Illinois [Mr. Logan] as originally
offered, for the reason that these contractors,
driven to desperation, are offering to do what
a liberal Government ought not to accept from
them, "they have been here for two years
endeavoring to obtain the allowance of a claim
admitted by all who have examined it to be a
just and righteous claim; and because they
have not yet obtained it, as a last resort they
express their willingness to take back the prop-
erty which they have furnished to tho Govern-
ment, to return the money which they have
received from the Government, go their ways,
and pocket the loss of their time and labor,
submitting to it with such grace as they may.
Now, we ought not to ask of them anything
of the kind. And it w.as because I thought no
such offer ought to be accepted by the Govern-
ment that I sought yesterday to have the Com-
mittee of Claims discharged from the consid-
eration of the joint resolution of the Senate,
and have it brought before the House, in order
that it might be passed, as in justice it should be.
Now, what is the history of this matter? I
can add but little to what has been said by the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Logan.] As
your record will show, three several times have
the Senate passed a bill to pay these men. The
claim has been carefully considered by the
Committee on Naval Affairs of the House
during the last Congress, and favorably reported
upon by them. It was one of the provisions
of what has been called the omnibus bill, pro-
viding for the payment of contractors for a
number of the iron-clads. The members who
constituted that committee, _ with perhaps a
single exception, say that if this claim had been
presented by itself, it was so manifestly just,
they would have reported in its favoi, and it
only failed ol favorable action because its for-
tune was embarked in connection with that
of other and perhaps less justifiable claims.
This is the history of legislation in regard to
this matter.
I made the motion I did on yesterday, not
merely from having had some opportunity of
knowing how this claim separated itself from
the others and stood upon fair, just, and hon-
est grounds, as has been explained to the
House this morning by the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Logan,] but because I was also
particularly requested to do so by some two or
three Senators from the Pacific, whose letter I
now hold, entreating me to do this. The re-
quest is based upon the fact that California at
this time has no Representative in this body.
If California were represented here, as she was
in the last Congress long before this time,
even during this present short session I am
authorized to believe they would have brought
this matter in some way if they could to the
attention of this House. In their absence, and
because there is no one here representing that
State, and these contractors are the immediate
constituents of one who was a Representative
here in the last Congress, I interposed in their
behalf.
I shall most heartily support the application
of the gentleman from Illinois to have this
matter considered at this time. But I propose
that instead of considering it in the manner
that he proposes, upon the proposition to give
back to these men this property, my amend-
ment shall be adopted, by which they will be
paid honestly for what they have done and
have furnished to the Government.
Mr. LOGAN. I yield to the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Ward] for ten minutes.
Mr. WARD. Mr. Speaker, it is disagree-
able to me to make any objection to this claim
or any other claim which gentlemen feel called
upon to press upon tho consideration of the
House ; and whenever I have made objections,
whenever I have insisted upon a reference of
a claim to a committee in order that the claim
might receive the investigation which our rules
intend matters of this kind shall receive at the
hands of the committees, my action has not
been prompted by any desire to embarrass
claimants or to thwart the wishes of gentlemen
on this floor whom I would be very glad to
gratify. I have acted, sir, from a conviction
which I firmly entertain that no claim of any
considerable amount should be passed upon
by this House without an examination at the
hands of some suitable committee. From the
organization of tho First Congress down to the
present time, with the exception of the pres-
ent session, committees have uniformly been
appointed to consider claims against tho Gov-
ernment. Never, I believe, in the history of
the Government until the present time have
claims of any magnitude, taking large sums
of money from the Treasury, been permitted
to pass without examination by a committee.
Now, sir, upon this question I have only to
say that the Committee of Claims of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress found presented before that
committee claims amounting to $1,200,000 in
behalf of contractors who had built these iron-
clads. The present claim was among the num-
ber. The committee carefully considered these
claims, and reported to the House that this
and the other claims should be referred to a
board, to be appointed by the Secretary of the
Navy, to take all necessary proofs, and make
report to the Fortieth Congress. After full
deliberation and discussion, the merits of this
claim and all the other claims being fully
weighed and considered, that action of the
committee was sustained in this House by a
decided majority. We now find gentlemen
coming in here with a proposition to separate
this particular claim from all the other claims,
to make an exception of it, and have it passed
by the House without any examination from
any committee. When this proposition waa
first made to the House itwas rejected—in my
judgment very properly—and the case was
ordered to be submitted to the Committee of
Claims when appointed. That reference was
I think right, and should be sustained. And
when the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan]
