424
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
appeals to the sympathies of this House and
asks that this claim shall be considered to the
exclusion of the others, some of which are per-
haps as meritorious as this, my reply is that
this claim should take the same course as the
others, should be examined by a committee
along with the others, and should abide the
fate which kindred claims may meet at the
hands of this House.
Now, sir, I think that we should be careful
in regard to our expenditures of money from the
public Treasury. "\Vithadebtof $4,000,000,000
upon us, with the business of the nation para-
lyzed, with the capital of the country lying idle,
with people starving in the South and laborers
out of employment in the North, it behooves
the American Congress to watch the public
Treasury and see that these large drafts upon
it, to the amount of tens of thousands and hun-
dreds of thousands, shall not be made except
upon the recommendation of some committee
that has investigated the subject. I tell gentle-
men of this Congress that they must begin to
economize somewhere and somehow, because
if they do not the embarrassment of our Treas-
ury, the stagnation of business, the disordered
condition of our financial affairs will bring on
national bankruptcy and ruin. As men whose
duty it is to be the guardians of the public
Treasury, it behooves us to see to it that claims
of this character, if they pass at all, shall ptkss
only after the closest scrutiny.
1 hope, sir, that the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Schexcic] will be voted
down, and that I shall be permitted to enter a
motion to refer this subject to the Committee
of Claims when appointed ; or if it is the desire
of the House to have action upon the subject,
at the present lime, let it go (as appropriation
bills not submitted to any committee should
property go) to the Committee of the Whole
House for investigation and discussion.
Mr. LOGAN. I yield to the gentlemanfrom
Indiana, one of the Committee of Claims, for
five minutes.
Mr. WASHBURN', of Indiana. Mr. Speak-
er, as a member of the Committee of Claims
of the Thirty-Ninth Congress, I will say that
one of the most perplexing subjects before that
committee was what was called the iron-clad
claims.^ _ It came to us from the Senate on a
proposition to pay certain contractors twelve
per cent, on the original contract price. Our
committee, after due investigation of each and
every one of these cases by itself, arrived at
certain conclusions, and reported a bill in which
they were embodied. Instead of providing for
a certain percentage on the contract price, they
decided wherever the Government was at fault,
wherever the Government interfered, and by
that interference damaged the contractor, the
contractor should have pay for that damage.
We refused,_ however, to pay for incidental
damages arising by reason of the war. Among
the cases that the committee, after full investi-
gation, believed to fall under that rule was the
case of the contractors of the Camanche. I do
not know what the amount of the damage was
which was claimed, but the amount came be-
fore that committee. I believe now that under
the rule adopted by the committee that these
contractors should be paid for the damages
which they sustained. The majority of the
committee, I believe, decided that this was an
honest claim, and being an honest claim it
should be paid.
Now, for my part, believing this, I am will-
ing, as this Congress has not given it full in-
vestigation and as there may be some mem-
bers who do not know about it, to concede that
the safe plan would be to give these parlies
back the vessel, deducting the amounts they
have already received. If that will satisfy
them it is perhaps the best plan for this House
to pursue.. If I am called upon to vote upon
the question whether it is right or wrong, and
believing it to be right, I shall vote for the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio. So
far ai> the House is concerned we have cer-
tainly nothing to lose by giving up the vessel.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not desire to discuss this
question at any great length. I will say, how-
ever, in reply to the gentleman from New York,
that I agree with him it is very well to have
these cases investigated and reported on by
committees; and if this had not been investi-
gated and reported on at different times I
would not ask any action of the House in the
manner which I now do. As I have said be-
fore, it has been reported on by the Naval
Committee in the Thirty-Ninth Congress. It
has been fully discussed, as gentlemen will
find by referring to page 1214 of the Congres-
sional Globe. That committee fully reported
in favor of this claim. That report was unan-
imous. I have not time to read it. I have it
here ; and if any gentleman will take the pains
to examine it he will find that ^his report of
the Senate committee was an unanimous re-
port in favor of paying Ryan, Secor & Co.
$179,000. They reported that it was the fault
of the Government, and not the fault of the
contractors. The question was discussed at
length in the Senate. It seems to me all these
facts ought to be sufficient to satisfy any disin-
terested man that these parties are entitled to
this money.
I intended when I introduced this resolution
to ask that it be passed. Some of these men
are poor. It may be difficult for them to get the
money to purchase this vessel or to pay back
the amount they have received ; but it being
the last chance, they are willing to take the
risk. Of course it would be preferable to them
to be paid the money. If I did not believe it
to be an honest claim I would never ask the
House to appropriate one dollar. I have never
been in favor of paying out money except
where it was honest and right. I believe this
to be honest and right. When I introduced
the resolution I did not know the gentleman
from Ohio was going to offer an amendment,
but now that the amendment has been offered
I hope it will be adopted. If not, I hope my
resolution will be adopted. Let us give these
parties the money to which they ars entitled,
or lot us give them back their vessel.
One remark further. The gentleman from
New York says Congress sent these claims
back to the Navy Department for examination
and report to the Fortieth Congress. Now, the
gentleman very well knows that the case of the
Camanehe was a separate claim, and so came
from the Senate. It was no part of the " om-
nibus bill." After the "omnibus bill" was
referred to the Committee of Claims this res-
olution was referred to that committee, and
in their report they took all these claims to-
gether; but at the same time the committee,
so far as they examined this particular claim,
told us it was just. At least Mr. Thornton
and the member from Indiana [Mr. Wasii-
born] and other members of the committee
said it was just.
Mr. WARD. There is nothing of that kind
in the report.
Mr. LOGAN. I was not speaking of the
report. They reported" to refer the claim to
the naval board, hut they say had they acted
on this separately they believe they would have
reported it as a just and honest claim. I speak
not of the committee as a committee, but of
individual members of it.
Mr. WARD. There was no separate action
taken by the Committee of Claims. The com-
mittee came to a general conclusion as to all
these claims.
Mr. LOGAN. I believe the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] was a member
of the Committee on Naval Affairs in the
Thirty-Eighth Congress which reported in favor
of paying this claim. And there are other
members of this House who were members of
the Thirty^Eighth Congress, in whose judg-
ment and integrity I have as much confidence
as in any member of this House. But I am
willing to b& governed by the report that has
been' made by honorable gentlemen in this
House without waiting for the investigation of
some other committee. The claim having
been investigated, as I have said, four times,
three times ia the Senate and once in the
House, and being reported favorably upon
every time, I consider that it would be nothing
but right and just for this House now to act
upon it without delay, and give these mfcn the
allowance they are entitled to according to the
reports of these several committees.
Mr. GRISWOLD. Will the gentleman
allow me a word?
Mr. LOGAN. I yield for a moment.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I certainly should'not
have felt called upon to say anything in advo-
cacy of this claim, but since the action of the
Naval Committee of the Thirty-Eighth Con-
gress has been referred to, perhaps it is proper
that as a member of that committee I should
say that they did, as the gentleman from Illi-
nois has stated, investigate the question fully,
and reported with unanimity in favor of the
payment of the claim. I trust the claim will
receive the favorable action of this House.
Mr. WARD. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask if the same committee did not report the
Forbes claim ?
Mr. GRISWOLD. The Forbes claim was
regarded by the committee as an entirely dif-
ferent claim.
Mr. WARD. You reported it.
Mr. GRISWOLD. It was not a unanimous
report. The Naval Committee of the Thirty-
Eightli Congress regarded this as almost an
exceptional case.
Mr. WARD. I ask that merely for the pur-
£ose of correcting my friend from Illinois, [Mr.
ogan,] whose remarks seemed to convey the
impression that that was put through without
a report of the committee.
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman misunder-
stood me; I stated that it was put through
the House without having a report from the
Committee of Claims.
Mr. WARD. Then I misunderstood the
gentleman.
Mr. LOGAN. But if the action of Congress
in one case where there was not a unanimous
report from the Naval Committee was proper,
it would certainly be so in this case, where
there was a unanimous report.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman yield?
Mr. LOGAN. For a moment.
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman yields to
me to state, in connection with the question of
the gentleman from New York, my recollec-
tion of the matters connected with the claim,
which is to this effect: that this and the Tet-
lowcase, which was disposed of in the last days
of the Thirty-Ninth Congress, were cases each
having their own peculiarity, and were unlike
any class of cases or any other case referred
to the committee; and that in each case the
action of the Naval Committee was unanimous,
believing that great wrong had been done to
the contractors by the Government.
Mr. LOGAN. I am glad the gentleman has
made that statement. I was induced to make
the statement I did from examining the reports
heretofore made. I find I am confirmed in
what I said by the statements of others. I
trust the House will adopt the amendment of
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schekck.] I
now call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
Mr. WARD. I call for the yeas and nays
on agreeing to the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The amendment of Mr. Schexck was to
strike out all after the resolving clause and to
insert the following:
That there shall be, and hereby is, appropriated,
for the purpose of paying Donahue, Ryan <fe Secor
lor losses sustained by them in the construction of
the monitor Camanche, the sum of $179,000. And the
secretary of the Treasury is hereby directed to pay
the same out of any moneys in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in tfie affirmative—yeas 63, nays 41, not voting
00; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison. Archer, Dolos R.Ashley,
Baldwin, Banks, Barnes. Benton, Blaine, Blair, Bout-
well, Burr, Butler, Cuanier, Sidney Clarke, Dodge,
Driggs, Eckley.Ela, fferriss, Gets, Gravely, (jriswoid,
Hamilton, Hayes, Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, Hul«
