1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
425
burd, Iogersoll, Judd,- Kelley, Kerr,Laflm, Lincoln
Logan, Matlory, Marvin,McClur#, McCullough, Mor-
rell, Morrissey, Mungen, Myers, Nejrcomb,Niblaok,
Nicholson,O'Neill, Pile.Poland, Polsley, Robertson,
Robinson, Schenck, Smith, Aaron JV Stevens, Stew-
art, Twitchell, Upson, Robert T. Van Horn, Ilenry
I). Washburn, William Williams, John T. Wilson,
Stephen F. Wilson, and Woodbridge—63.
NAYS — Messrs. Baker, Benjamin, Broomall,
Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Coburn, Oook, Cor-
nell, Cullora, Donnelly, Fields, Glossbrenner, Hill,
Holman, Hopkins, Chester D. Hubbard, Hunter,
Ketchain, Koontz, Willia.ni Lawrence, Loan, Mar-
shall, Mercur, Miller, Noell, Paine, Perham, Plants,
Ross, Sawyer, Scofield, Shanks, Spalding, Taber,
Taylor, Trowbridge, Bart Van Horn, Van Wyqk,
Ward, Cadvralader C. Washburn, and Thomas Wil-
liams—41.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, James
M. Ashley, Beaman, Bingham, Boyer, Bromwell,
Brooks, Buckland, Cake, Cobb, Covode, Dawes,
Denison, Eggleston, Eldridgc, Eliot, Farnswortn,
Ferry, Finney, Fox, Garfield, H&isht, Halsey, Hard-
ing, Humphrey, Julian, Kelsey, Kitchen, George V.
Lawrence, Loughridge, Lynch, McCarthy, Moore,
Moorhead, Morgan, Orth,Peters, Phelps, Pike.Pom-
eroy, Price, Pruyn, Randall, Raum, SclyG, Shella-
barger, Sitsreaves, Thaddeus Stevens, Stone, Tafte,
Thomas, van Aernam, Van Auken, Vim Trump,
William B. Washburn, Wclker, James F. Wilson,
Windom, and Wood—-60.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution, as amended, was then
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time ;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time.
Mr. LOGAN. I call^ the previous question
on the passage of the joint resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question was taken upon the passage of
the joint resolution ; and upon a division, there
were—ayes 70, noes 32.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, called for the
yeas and nays on the passage of the joint res-
olution.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and upon a division there were
—ayes 18, noes 75.
So (one fifth not voting in the affirmative)
the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The joint resolution was accordingly passed.
Mr. LOGrAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SELECT COMMITTEE ON SOUTHERN RAILROADS.
The SPEAKER announced the members of
tho select Committee on Southern Railroads,
ordered by the House on yesterday to be ap-
pointed, as follows: Joseph W. McClurg of
Missouri, Ulysses Mercur of Pennsylvania,
Hexry D. Washburn of Indiana, John W.
Chaxt.er of New York, and Philetus Sawyer
of Wisconsin.
EIGHT-HOUR SYSTEM 03? LABOR.
Mr. BANIvS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended in order to allow me to introduce for
'consideration at this time a bill constituting
eight hours a day's work for all laborers, work-
men, and mechanics employed by or on behalf
of the Government of the United States. I
ask that the bill be read by the Clerk for the
information of the House.
The bill was read at length. It provides
that eight hours shall constitute a day's work
for all laborers, workmen, or mechanics now
employed, or who may be hereafter employed,
by or on behalf of the Government of the Uni-
ted States, and that all acts and parts of acts
inconsistent herewith shall be repealed.
Mr. BANKS. With the consent of the
House I will make this statement: this bill
was for many months before the Committee
on the Judiciary of the last Congress, and I
believe it was unanimously agreed to by them.
I hope that no objection will be made to its
consideration at this time. _
Mr CHANLER. I notice that while this
bill says that eight hours shall constitute a day's
work.it says nothing about the wages that shall
be paid for that day's work. Now, it is a per-
fect farce to say that a day's work for a man m
the employ of the Government shall be eight
hours, without saying anything about what shall
bs paid him for that day's work.
The SPEAKER. The motion to suspend
the rules is not debatable.
The question was taken upon suspending the
rules; and upon a division there were—ayes
43, noes 40.*
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. INGERSOLL. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were
yeas 78, nays 23, not voting 63; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison. Archer, Delos R. Ashley,
Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Benton, Bingham, Blame,
Boutwel I, Boyer, Brooks,Broomall,Buckland, Chan-
ler, Churchill, Sidney Clarke Coburn. Cook Callora,
Donnelly, Ela, Parnsworth, Ferry, lipids, Garfield,
G-ctz, Glossbrenner, Halsey,Hayes,Holman, Hooper,
Hopkins, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard,
Hunter, Insrersoll, Judd, Kelley, Kerr, Ketcham,
Kitchen, William Lawrence, Logan, Loughndge,
Marshall, McClurg, Miller, Morrisfecy, Mun^cn,
Myors, Newcomb, Niblaclc, ^oell, 0 Neill, lame,
Pbrham, Pile, Polsley, Robertson, Robinson, Ross,
Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield, Shanks,Aaron 1..Stevens,
Stewart. Trowbridge, Twitchell, Upson, Burt Van
Horn, Robert T. Van Horn. Ward, H'eory D. Wash-
burn, Welker, William Williams, and Wood—/8.
NAYS—Messrs. Barnes, Blair, Burr, Reader W.
Clarke, Driggs.Ferriss, Hamilton. Hulburd, Koontz,
Lallin, Lincoln, Loan, Marvin, Mercur, Peters, Po-
land, Smith, Spalding, Taber. Van Auken, Cadwal-
ader C. Washburn, Thomas Williams, and John X.
WK0T VOTING—Messrs. Amos, Anderson, James
M. Ashley, Beaman, Benjamin, Bromwell, Butler,
Cake, Cobb, Cornell, Covode, Dawes, Benison, Dadgo,
Eckley, Eggleston, Eldridge, Eiiot, Finney, Fox,
Gravely, Griswold, Haight, Hardin?, Hill, Hum-
phrey, Julian, Kelsey, George V. Lawrence, Lynch,
Mallory, McCarthy, McCullough, Moore,Moorhead,
Morgan, Morrell, Nicholson, Orth, Phelps, Pike.
Plants, Pomcroy, Price, Pruyn, Randall, Kaum,
Selye, Shcllabarger, Sitsreaves, Thaddeus Stevens,
Stone, Taffe, Taylor, Thomas. Van Aernam, Van
Tramp, Van "YVyck, William B. Washburn, James
K. Wilson, Stephen P. Wilson, Windom, and Wood-
bridse—63.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended.
The hill was accordingly introduced, and
read a first and second time. ,It was ordered
to be engrossed and read a thirdtime; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time.
Mr. BANKS. I call for the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PAY OF COMMITTED CLERKS.
Mr. BLAINE. I hold in my hand a resolu-
tion, which I ask unanimous consent to offer.
-Before reading it I desire to say that a day or
two since a resolution was offered proposing to
pay the clerks of committees of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress ; but that was objectionable to
many members on the ground that it paid
these clerks for an indefinite period. 1 now
propose to offer a resolution ^giving to the
clerks employed in the Thirty-Ninth Congress
one month's pay  
Air. HOLMAN. I object to debate. ;
Mr. BLAINE. Well, sir, I ask unanimous
consent to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the several Ns££
ing as clerks to the committees of the lliirty mtn
Congress at the close of the late ses;sion b,6 flowed
and paid one month's pay at the late heretotore
paid. . ,
Mr. TROWBRIDGE and others objected.
Mr. BLAINE. I move to suspend the rules
in order that the resolution may be offered.
On the motion there were—ayes 56, noes <2b.
Mr. WARD. I call for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered. ,,
So (two thirds having voted m favor thereof)
the rules were suspended, and the resolution
was received. .
The question being on agreeing to the
r6Mr? BLAINE called for the previous ques
tion.
The previous question' was seconded and
the main question ordered.
Mr. WARD. I desire to inquire of tha
Chair as a question of construction whethe*
this resolution does not propose to p^y per-
sons who are not in the employ of the Gov-
ernment.
The SPEAKER. That is not a question
of parliamentary law, and the Chair cannot
answer it.
On agreeing to the resolution there were—-
ayes 57, noes 39.
Mr. KERR. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the resolution was adopted.
MESSAGE FROM TIIB SENATE.
A message from the Senate, hy Mr. Fornet,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
agreed to the amendment of the House to the
amendment of the Senate to the concurrent
resolution of the House relative _ to adjourn-
ment, with an amendment, in which the con-
currence of the House was requested.
ORDER OS BUSINESS.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House proceed to the -
consideration of business on the Speaker's
table.
The motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
The first business on the Speaker's table was
the following amendment of the Senate to the
amendment of the House to the amendment
of the Senate to the concurrent resolution of
the House relative to the-adjournment of Con-
gress :
Strike out all after the word " that," where.it first
occurs in the House amendment, and insert m lieu
thereof the following: ,
The President ot tho Senate and Speaker of the
House of Representatives arc hereby instructed to
adiourn their respective Houses at noon on the mix
day of March, instant, to the lirst Wednesday ot July;
18(57, at noon, when tbe President of the Senate
the Speaker of the House of Representatives snail
cause the roll of each House respectively tobc called;
and that, unless otherwise ordered by both Houses,
the President of the Senate and" Speaker of the
House, at ono o'clock in the afternoon of tho next
day thereafter, shall again cause the roll of each
House respectively to be called, and shall fchoreupon
further adjourn their respective Houses without day;
Provided, That clerks of committees of the Senate
and House of Representatives who do not receive a
yearly compensation, and who are not actually em-
ployed durinK the recess by order of a committee of
cither House, shall only be p^id lor the days that
Congress shall be actually in session previous to the
first Monday in December next.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, that reso-
lution is ingeniously drawn to prevent the
possible meeting of this Congress until next
December. I beg gentlemen to listen to me
for one moment. What is to be done? ihe
two Houses are directed to meet here on a
certain day in July. The roll is to be called.
The next day the roll is to be called again,
and if not otherwise ordered, then they are to
adjourn until December. And that order is
to bo by both Houses.
In the first place those who do not want
Congress to meet can prevent, by staying away,
a quorum from appearing. If a quorum should
be present, it is not sufficient for one House to
act but it requires the united concurrent action
of 'both Houses to make them stay, so that
each House can defeat the other. The Senate
has the House entirely in its power, and it
may be that the House has the Senate entirely
in its power. It requires the concurrent action
of both Houses to continue the meeting which
shall then take place. _
' Again: supposethe majority of the House, m
the first place, want to stay here, and the ben-
ate want to stay with them. _ I hey mns-t be
able, against all filibustering, m order to keep
Congress together, to get the joint order, the
joint action through before one o'clock of the
second day, or it will not avail anything, for
upon failure to get that joint order through an
adjournment takes place. For sueh is the law.
It may be said there is power in the House,
it being on Monday. Will it fall on Monday ?
By the rules you can then move to suspend the
