1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
42?
unless spmetMng else shall have been done in
the mean time by the concurrence of both the
House and the Senate, an adjournment must
take place. If, when the hour of one o'clock
on the second day arrived, we should be in the
midst of the call of the roll to ascertain whether
a quorum of members was present, you, sir,
would be compelled, as I understand this reso-
lution, to adjourn the House. I askthe Speaker
whether that would not be his understanding?
The SPEAKER. It would require a quo-
rum in both branches-of Congress to adopt a
concurrent resolution which would set aside
this order ; and unless such a resolution should
be adopted before the roll-call at one o'clock
on the second day, the Speaker would be com-
pelled on the conclusion of the roll-call to
declare the House adjourned.
Mr. SCHENCK. Of course. Unless, there-
fore, by a concurrent vote the two Houses
should do a substantive, distinct act prion to
the hour of one o'clock on the second day,
the Speaker of the Hpuse and the President
of the Senate would be compelled to adjourn
their respective Houses. The construction
given by the Speaker to this amendment of the
Senate confirms what I have already said, that
a little '• filibustering," a little energetic oppo-
sition on the part of our neighbors on the
other side of the House, whose opposition we
may expect either in the shape of non-attend-
ance, or if they do attend in the shape of votes
for everything that will prevent the session
from going on, can occasion such delay as
will compel an adjournment of the two Houses
as soon as the clock strikes one on the day
after our assembling. Now, sir, as I have
already remarked, I do not want to be led
into any such trap. I do not agree with my
colleague [Mr. Bingham] that with the matter
in such a position we should be able to con-
trol the question of adjournment after our
return here.
I propose, Mr. Speaker, to move the pre-
vious question, but not until I have permitted
two or three other gentlemen to make sugges-
tions. I nowyield to tkegentlemanfrom Min-
nesota, [Mr. Donnelly.]
Mr. DONNELLY. In my view, Mr. Speaker,
this resolution should go to a committee of con-
ference. Whether such'was the intention or
not, it is very evident that the amendment of
the Senate is so framed that it might enable
a minority to defeat the will of the majority
and compel an adjournment, from the impos-
sibility of consummating in the brief period
allowed a resolution embodying the wish of the
majority. I desire simply to say, as a sugges-
tion to the committee of conference when ap-
pointed as much as for any other_purj ose, that
the difficulty can perhaps be obviated by strik-
ing out that portion of the Senate amendment
which refers to the action upon the second day
of the session. The words which I propose
shall be stricken out are these :
At one o'clock, afternoon, of the next day there-
after, shall again cause the roll of oach House re-
spectively to be eallcd, and.
With these words stricken out there would
be no limitation of time within which action
would be required-to be taken; so that no
'(filibustering" opposition could compel a ter-
mination of the session. With this change and
the substitution of the words "each House"
for " both Houses," so that each House could
determine for itself whether it would remain in
session or not, and so compel the attendance
of the other House, the resolution, it seems to
me, would be unobjectionable and effective.
Mr. SCHENCK. I yield to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Boutwell.]
Mr. BOUTWELL. Mr. Speaker, although
I have been in favor of some proposition whic.h
would afford Congress at least two opportuni-
ties to assemble between this time and De-
cember next, yet, after what has transpned m
this House and the other, I am prepared to
accept any plan which will make it possible
for Congress once between now and next
December to assemble, and to continue m ses-
sion if the public necessities shall require it.
If the' resolution, sls it now comes from the
Senate, presented an entirely safe means of
accomplishing this, I should be prepared to
vote to concur. *
It is plain from what has been said that there
is a difference of opinion as to the construction
to be given to this resolution. For myself I
have no doubt. After a careful consideration
of the resolution on the Speaker's table I have
come to this conclusion: if we meet in July
ana do not in the space of twenty-three hours,
by concurrent resolution of the Senate and
House, agree to continue in session, we shall
be dispersed by the force- of this resolution.
It will be utterly out of the power of the ma-
jority to continue in session. Any person who
has had experience here knows it is entirely
within parliamentary rules for a minority to
protract this session for twenty-three hours or
more. Hence if this resolution be adopted,
and there be no occasion for a session, then of
course no harm will arise; but it is perfectly
plain if we are desirous of staying here in the
heat of next summer that desire will be forced
upon us by public peril, and if there be public
peril and a necessity for Congress to continue
in session, there will be a minority found to
continue the session for twenty-three hours, so
it will be impossible for the two Houses to con-
cur in any resolution whatever.
I accept the resolution coming from the
Senate as a resolution made in good faith by
the Senate, though I do not'think it answers
the purpose for which it was designed.^ Under
these circumstances there is no doubt what the
House ought to do. It ought to non-concur
and ask for a committee of conference. It is
possible for a committee of conference in
twenty minutes to frame language to accom-
plish the object desired, and to put it in the
power of the two Houses to assemble in July
next, and to continue in session if it be found
necessary. I therefore move to non-concur
and ask for a committee of conference. If
gentlemen are acting'in good faith we will be
allowed to meet in July and continue in ses-
sion) if required-; and if be not required, we
can then adjourn until December. I demand
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question first recurred on concurrence
in the Senate amendment.
The House divided ; and there were-—ayes
36, noes 70.
So the amendment was not concurred in. _
The amendment was then non-concurred in,
and a committee of conference asked on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses.
The SPEAKER appointed Mr. Schenck,
Mr. Donnelly, and Mr. Bingham as managers
of said cbnference on the part of the House.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote just taken ; and also moved that the mo-
tion to reconsider be laid on the table.
1'he latter motion was agreed to.
dredge-boats i'ob the mississippi river.
The next business on the Speaker's table
were the following amendments of the Senate
to House joint resolution No. 87, to authorize
the Secretary of War to build dredge;boats for
use at the mouth of the Mississippi river :
Page 1, line five, stiike out the word " present," so
that it will then read as follows: .... ,
That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby,
authorized, on the recommendation of the engineer
department, to build and operate two dredge-boats
for the purpose of deepening and keeping open the
channel of one or more of the passes at the mouth of
the Mississippi, and to expend for that puipose so
much as may be necessary of the appropriation for
the improvement of the mouth of the Mississippi
^Add at the end of tho resolution the following:
Provided for in the act making: appropriations
for the repair, preservation, and completion of cer-
tain nnblio works heretofore commonoed under the
authority of law, and for other purposes, approved
March 2,1867.
Mr. PILE. I move that the amendments
of'the Senate be concurred in.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PILE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendments of the Senate were
concurred in; - and also moved that the motion
to reconsider bo laid on. the table.
The latter motion was agreed'to.
duties on wool.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the following amendment of the Senate to
House joint resolution No. 47, to amend an act
entitled "An act .to provide increased revenue
from imported wool, and for other purposes
Add the following:
And be it further enacted, That tho joint resolution
of March 2,1867, to amend section five of an act enti-
tled "An act to increase duties on imports, and for
other purposes," approved June 30,1864, shall not bo
construed to apply to lasting, mohair cloth, silk twist,
or other manufactures of eloth woven ormade in pat-
terns of such size, shape, or form, or cut in such man-
ner as to bo (it for buttons exclusively.
Mr. KELLEY moved a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
payment of members' salaries.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the following amendment of the Senate to
House joint resolution No. 39, in reference to
the payment of the salaries of members of Con-
gress.
The amendment of the Senate was to add at
the end of line five, as follows:
And an amount sufficient to pay their compensa-
tion and mileage to the 1st day of July next is hereby
appropriated out of any money in thoTreasury not
otherwise appropriated.
Mr. DONNELLY. I move that the Hoiise
concur in the amendment.
Mr. SCOFITELD. I believe that is a sly
way of getting additional mileage.
The SPEAKER, The compensation and
mileage appropriated by the appropriation bill
was under the presumption that the session
was to commence during the fiscal year com-
mencing July 1, 18G7, which is not the case.
This gives tho pay every month. _
Mr. BROOKS. Does it not give us mileage
for coming here in July?
The SPEAKER. It does not. It does not
repeal the law in regard to mileage.
Mr. BROOKS. Because that is a great
inducement for some of us.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. DONNELLY moved to reconsider tho
vote by which the amendment was concurred
in ; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from tiie senate.
A message from tho Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, notified the House that the Sen-
ate had passed without amendment joint res-
olution of the House No. 41, providing for the
necessary surveys for a ship-canal around the
falls of the Ohio river for military, naval, and
commercial purposes.
Also, that the Senate had passed joint reso-
lution of the House No. 39, in reference to the
payment of the salaries of members of Con-
gress, with an amendment, in which the con-
currence of the House was requested.
ETCHARD CHENEBY.
The next businesifon the Speaker's table
was the consideration of Senate joint resolu-
tion No. 40, to provide for the payment of the
claim of Richard Chenery; which was read a
first and second time.
It appropriates such an amount of money,
not exceeding $8,000, as shall be found to be
due to Richard Chenery under the recent act
of Congress for his relief.
Mr. HOLMAN. There is hardly time to
consider that; it contains an appropriation.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made it
must go to the Committee of the Whole.
kichaed 33dstej5d, junior.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the consideration of Senate bill No. 99,
for the relief of Richard Busteed, jr., which
was read a first and second time.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to
cause to be paid to Richard Busteed, jr., late
captain battery C, Chicago light artillery, the
sum of $1 ,"217 Ott. being the pension of a cap-
