1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m-
that the House .had passed the following Sen-
ate bills and joint resolutions:
A bill (S. No. 99) for the relief of Richard
Busteed, jr.;
A bill (S. No. 100) supplementary to an
act for the relief of Hiram Paulding, of the
United States Navy;
A bill (S. No.,405) to reimburse the States
of Indiana and Ohio for moneys expended in
enrolling, equipping, and provisioning military
forces to aid in suppressing the rebellion;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 21) in reference
to the collection and payment of moneys due
colored soldiers, sailors, and marines, or their
heirs; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 41) for the
purchase of land adjoining the navy-yard at
Brooklyn, New York.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 105) to regulate
the selection of juries for the several courts of
the District of Columbia.
AMENDMENT OF BANKRUPT LAW.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I renew my motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
100) fixing the time at which the act to estab-
lish a uniform system of bankruptcy throughout
the United States, approved March 2, 1867,
shall go into effect.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is quite obvious to
me, although I should be very glad to assist
my friend from Rhode Island in anything that
is proper, that this bill ought not to pass, and
I think that was quite obvious to the Judiciary
Committee who reported against it. I believe
there was no difference of opinion in the com-
mittee on that subject. It is a perfectly hope-
less case, in my judgment, to attempt to pass
it. If it were to be passed it ought to be pretty
thoroughly considered, and it would lead to
considerable debate, because the Senate ought
to understand precisely the effect of it before
being called upon to vote in favor of it. That
being the state of it, and the session being
now as I hope nearly at its end, I think we had
better noj; undertake to go on with it. I move,
therefore, to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. SPRAGUE called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered ; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 4, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Drake, Edmunds, Fesscnden, and
Williams—4.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony. Cameron, Colo, Conk-
ling:, Conness. Corhett,, Cragin, Davis, Dixon, Fowler,
Frelmghuysen, Henderson, Howard, Johnson, Mor-
gan, Morrill ol Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton,
Norton, Patterson of Tennessee, Pomeroy, Kamsey,
B,o««, Sherman, Spracue, Thayer,Van Winkle,Wade,
Willev, Wilson, and Yates—31.
ABSENT —Messrs. Buokalew, Cattell, Chandler,
DooliWle, Ferry, Grimes, Guthrie, Harlan, Hend-
ricks Howe, Nye, Patterson of N ow Hampshire, Kid-
dle, Sanlsbury, Stewart, Sumner, Tipton, and Trum-
bull—18.
So the Senate refused to lay the bill on the
table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pend-
ing question is on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from California, [Mr. CoxKBSS,]to strike
out the last proviso.
Mr. CONNESS. I rise to withdraw the
amendment. My purpose is to bring the Sen-
ate to a direct vote upon the measure without
consuming any more time. I intend to vote
against it, but I withdraw the amendment
which I offered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I renew the amend-
ment. I have no objection to extending the
time if the amendment be made.
The Secretary read the proviso proposed to
be stricken out, as follows :
And provided further, Thatnothing in this aetcon-
tained shall bo construed or held to invalidate any
lien or conveyance acquired or made m good faith
pnor to the taking effcot of this act. /
Mr. SPRAGUE. My friend, the honorable
• Senator from Maryland, has_ suggested that in
lieu of the words "good faith" there be in-
serted *4 that would ha?(?heen valid ir this act
had not passed," and I trust the proviso will
be modified in that way, so as simply to express
the meaning in better language.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Tha Sen-
ator from Rhode Island moves to amend the
proviso. The amendment will be read.
The Secretary. It is proposed to make
the proviso read, "that nothing in this act
shall be construed or held to invalidate any
lien or conveyance acquired or made in good
faith that would have been valid if this act had
not passed."
Mr. EDMUNDS. Of course I have no
objection to that modificationas a majority
of the Senate seem very much in favor of the
bill, I infer ["No, no."]
Mr. CONNESS. Oh, no; they are not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The effect of this amend-
ment, according to my impression, would be
that any conveyance hereafter, no matter
whether the 1st of June or next year, that
would have been valid -but for this act, will
still continue to be valid; and therefore, in-
asmuch as a debtor may now give prefer-
ences, make mortgages of his property to de-
feat one creditor, provided he does it to help
another, as that will continue to be the policy
as long as the bankrupt act will have any effect,
the result will be to overthrow the whole equity
and the whole scheme of the bankrupt act.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think the amendment
was not reported correctly. The words "in
good faith" are to be stricken out and the
words "that would have been valid if this act
had not passed" to be inserted. The effect is
negative.
Mr. EESSENDENv But there is no lim-
itation in point of time.
Mr. ANTHONY. Up to the 1st of June.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, there is no such
limitation. It precisely effects this; it says
that the bankrupt act after it has passed shall
have no effect upon anything that would have
been valid if the bankrupt act had not passed.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Up to the time cf its going
into effect.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It does not say any-
thing about that.
Mr. SPRAGUE. That is the intent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It does not say that.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will read the proviso
as my colleague proposes to amend it, as I
understand:
And provided further. That nothing in this act con-
tained shall be construed or held to invalidato any
lien or conveyanco acquired or made prior to the
taking effect of this act that would have been valid
if this act had not passed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then what is the effect
of it? It defeats the whole scheme.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish thatthe amendment
may be reported from the desk as it stands. I
do not understand it.
The Secretary. It is proposed in _ line
twelve to strike out the words "in good faith,"
and after the word "act" in line thirteen to
insert "that would have been valid if this-act
had not passed;" so as to make the proviso
read:
And provided further, That nothing in this act con-
tained Rha.ll be construed or held to invalidate any
lien or conveyance acquired or made prior to the
taking effect of this act that would have been valid
if this act had not passed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think that would be
very injurious, injurious in every way upon the
operation of the act itself. It just holds out
the inducement to everybody who_ may be m
failing circumstances to arrange his business
so as to make conveyances and prefer creditors
up to the 1st of June. Now, as it is worded,
if this act had not passed, a conveyance made
for a valuable consideration is a valid transac-
tion ; but the intention of the act is to make
such convevances preferring creditors invalid.
Mr. ANTHONY. Before the act goes mto
effMr." FESSENDEN. Before the act goes
into effect for a certain period, for they were
made in contemplation of the act going into
effect Now, yon fix a time -ahead of the act
to go 'into effect the 1st of June, for certain rea-
sons, but you say, for. certain other reasons,
that convevances made m anticipation ol bank
ruptcy shall not be valid before that tune tor a
certain period, and it is a very proper provis-
ion, because the consequenee .will be that so
far as conveyances are made the whole'object
will be defeated by a very large portion of the
people, for many of those who find themselves
to be in failing circumstances will prior to the
1st of June make their arrangements to prefer
a certain set of creditors, and usually the set
of creditors who are best able to_ lose by them,
who have enabled them to go on in business
and hold out the appearance of being solvent
men. By this provision they will b.e enabled
to arrange their affairs and put their property
into tie hands of those whom they choose tQ
prefer, leaving, as some one said the other dayf.
the great mass of creditors, who knew nothing
about their condition, and who were induced
to trust them for the very reason that they kept
up the appearance of solvency to that time, to
lose all. The effect is not only to operate great
injustice upon that class of debtors, but it will
have the farther effect of making the law more
odious than it would otherwise be, for creditors
thus defrauded would see that these arrange-,
ments were being made, and the people who
had kept those very debtors of theirs afloat go.t
all, while they themselves got nothing, and it
will make a very great outcry. It is unjust in
itself and will be in its operation, and very
injurious so far as the act is concerned, and
will tend to bring, if that result is to follow, a
greater responsibility upon those who passed
it. I think this provision is wrong in essence,
and ought not to be adopted. I hope the pro-
viso will be struck out.
Mr, HOWARD. I think just so, too. I
think this-provision ought not to be adopted.
Now, let us look for one moment and ascertain,
if possible, what effect this bill of the Senator
from Rhode Island, if it shall bccome alaw,
will have upon the bankrupt act. It provides:
That the fiftieth section of an act to establish a
uniform system of bankruptcy throughout the United
States, approved March 2,1867, is amended so as to
read as follows: "This act shall take effect on tho
first day of June next: Provided, That the appoint-
ment of offioers created thereby, and tho establish-
ment of rules and general orders under such act, may
bo mado at any time after the passage of this act.
That is the first clause of tho bill. Now, in1
point of law the bankrupt act takes effcct
from and after its passage, according to its
terms ; but the thirty-fifth section of that act
provides that a certain class of assignments or
conveyances made in contemplation ot bank-
ruptcy within a given time, four months I think,
shall bo null and void as against creditors. The
object of the thirty-fifth section of the bank-
rupt law is to set aside and annul and declare
as void all mortgages, assignments, &c., that
shall be made within a given time in contem-
plation of bankruptcy; so that tho act itself
lias a certain effect and operation by its terms.
The effect is upon this class of spurious secu-
rities, and it is to annul and set them aside.
Now, this present bill declares that the bank-
rupt act shall not take effect, that is, shall not
affect this class of securities, which otherwise
would be void, until the 1st day of June.
It is in fact a repeal of that portion of the
bankrupt law to which I have referred. Talk
of it as the Senator from Rhode Island may,
its legal effect will be that. It will be to repeal
and set aside a most salutary and, I will say,
indispensable provision in the bankrupt^ act
itself; and for that, reason I shall be constrained
to vote against this bill. It is truc^ I voted
not to lay the bill on. tho table, and 1 so voted
out of the great respect which I always enter-
tained for my friend from Rhode Island ; but
on looking into the bill more carefully I am
satisfied that it ought not to pass.
The PRESIDING OFFICER [Mr. Pom-
eiioy in the chair,] The quesiiou is on the
amendment proposed by the Senator from
Rhode Island to the proviso which it is moved
to strike out.
Mr. JOHNSON. I suggested that amend-
ment to the honorable members from Rhode
Island because I was not sure that the bill as
originally introduced would answer their pur-
pose. At the time I suggested it and handed
them the amendment, I told them that in my.
