IBE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 29,
opinion the bill should not pass. Therefore,
although I vote for the amendment, I shall
vote against the bill.
3fr. HENDERSON. I did not vote for the
bankrupt bill as originally passed, and one of
the objections that presented themselves at the
time that act was under consideration con-
sisted in the fact that it professed to go back, and
really did go back Jetrospectively for a period
of four months anterior to the time that it took
effect, and affected conveyances that would
otherwise have been valid and good. It pro-
vided that no Conveyances preferring creditors,
as permitted by the laws of the States, should
be made for a period of four months previous
to the commencement of the proceedings in
bankruptcy. The act was to take effect on the
1st of June. The act itself was passed within
about ninety days of that time, thereby cutting
off those conveyances which had been made
for a period of thirty days previous to the pas-
sage of the act. That would have been the
operation of the act as it passed.
Mr. DRAKE. Wilt my colleague allow me
to make a suggestion to him on that point?
Mr. HENDERSON. Certainly.
Mr. DRAKE. The language of the act is
that those conveyances to which he refers must
be "in fraud of the provisions of this act;"
and of course no conveyance made prior to the
taking effect of the act could be in fraud of the
provisions of the act.
Mr. HENDERSON. I think my colleague
is laboring under an error. A great many con-
veyances may be good under the laws of the
respective States that would not be good under
this act. My colleague will discover that it is
not a fraud per se, it is not a moral fraud that
is to be cut off, but a fraud in contravention
of this act, that is, a legal traud ; in other words,
to be judged of by the act. There is such
things as legal fraud where there is no fraud
contemplated by the party executing a con-
veyance. A conveyance may be utterly void,
and is often so declared where there is no
intention to defraud any person. Any con-
veyance made "in fraud of this act," that is,
in violation of this act, is declared null and
void, although it may be justified by the laws
of the State where made. I say, therefore, the
act as passed would have cut off a large num-
ber of conveyances made within thirty days
prior to its passage.
Now, the proposition of this bill is that inas-
much as the act is to take effect on the 1st day
of Jnnonpxt, all conveyances that maybe made
strictly in accordance with the laws of the re-
spective States where made shall be good and
valid up to that time. If any good reason can
be presented against the justice and propriety
of a measure of this sort, I have been unable so
far to see it. I have listened to what has been
said by the Senator from Maine and other
Senators against the -propriety of this bill, and
x am wholly unable to see any justice in their
objections. If the law is to take effect on the
1st of .June, why not let it take effect in all its
parts and in all its sections upon that occasion,
at that time? Why make it date anterior to
that period?
_ Senators say the bill is now a law and indi-
viduals may see what its terms and provisions
are, and conveyances must not be made in vio-
lation of its terms previous to that time. Then
the law for some purposes is in force, and
for other purposes it is- not in force. We
declare in one ofthe sections of the law that it
is m force for the mere purpose of the appoint-
ment of officers, but in another section we con-
tradict that and say that it is not only in force
for the purpose of the appointment of officers,
but it is in force also for the purpose of declar-
ing conveyances illegal and void. I say let-
conveyances be made by parties up to the time
the law takes effect. That certainly can do no
harm.
K is alleged by the Senator from Maine that
u we adopt this amendatory bill the effect will
be to encourage parties to make fraudulent
conveyances of their property between now
and the 1st of June. I cannot so regard it. It
will be observed that betweeii no# and that
time parties when they make conveyances are
to make them under the laws of the respective
States wherein they live_, and I believe there
are in all the States provisions declaring void
conveyances made fraudulently and for the
purpose of depriving creditors of their just
rights. Of course those provisions are not
identical with those contained in our bankrupt
act, but such conveyances cannot stand under
the State laws; they will be set aside; and they
cannot operate in favor of the citizens of the
respective States and not in favor of the citi-
zens of other States. Whatever those laws
against fraudulent conveyances may be in the
respective States, they will operate in favor of
the citizens of all the States. They cannot be
made to apply to the- benefit of citizens of a
particular State and not to others.
I cannot see what great injustice can result
from this measure; and as amended on the
suggestion of the Senator from Maryland I
cannot sec that any injury at all can result.
If the law is to take effect on the 1st of June,
let all its provisions take effect at that time ;
and let all proceedings between now and that
time be regulated by the State laws, where, in
my judgment, they ought to be left anyhow.
I voted against the act, and perhaps it may be
considered that my views ought not to be re-
ceived by the friends of the measure. I may,
perhaps, bo suspected of an attempt to make
the law odious, as some Senators have said
this is an effort to make the law odious. I
have no such desire on my part. If it is to be
a law I want it as little odious as possible. I
do not feel that it will last a great while; I
have thought that it will not; but my impres-
sion is that this class of retrospective legislation,
going behind the period of time that the law
is to take effect, and declaring conveyances
fraudulent and void that were legal and proper
and valid at the time when they were made,
will render it more odious than any other
course of policy that could be adopted. I can
see no objection to the bill, and shall vote
for it.
Mr. DRAKE. I am very averse to pro-
tracting debate on this bill,"but the position
taken by my honorable colleague is so mani-
festly unsupported by the language of the
bankrupt act as it is now in existence, that I
cannot suffer the matter to pass without a word
of notice. My honorable colleague assumes
that the bankrupt^ act, as it stands now, goes
back in its operation beyond the day when it
became ^a law, and invalidates conveyances
made prior to that time. I humbly submit to
the Senate that that is not a correct construc-
tion of the act by any means, because no con-
veyances made under the circumstances con-
templated in the thirty-fifth section of that act
can be declared void unless they are, in the
language of the statute, in fraud of the pro-
visions of that act, and nothing can be in fraud
of the provisions of the act until after the act
t&kes effect, because there was no such. act until
it was passedI and approved by the President.
Mr. HENDERSON. I should like to ask
my colleague when the act takes effect? What
time does the act provide originally for its
taking effect ?
, Mr. DRAKE. It takes effect, in my opin-
ion, under the operation of the fiftieth section
on the very day of its passage, but no petitions
or other proceeding under it can be filed,
received, or commenced before the 1st dav of
June, 1867.
Mr. HENDERSON. The bankrupt act was
passed on the_ 2d day of March. The 1st day
of June would be wanting one day of three
months thereafter. Now, I ask my colleague
if under the act as passed a conveyance made
contrary to the provisions of the aet within
four months previous to the 1st of June would
not be declared void ?
Mr. DRAKE. I consider that it would be
utterly impossible to bring any court in this
country to say that a conveyance made prior to
i ii , Marcll> wllen the act was passed,
should be construed as being in fraud of the
pitoyisions of that act, for there was no such
act in force at that time.
Mr. HENDERSON. Now, I will ask my
colleague if the Supreme Court have not again
and again decided that retrospective legislation
may be passed by Congress?
Mr. DRAKE. Unquestionably retrospec-
tive legislation may be passed by Congress;
but nothing can be considered' &s being in
fraud of the provisions of an act of Congress
until the act is passed; and therefore no con-
veyance made prior to the 2d dav of March
can be considered as being in fraud'of the pro-
visions of that act, because there was 110 act
prior to that time for it to be in fraud of.
There is the point. If a man made conveyances
in February, which were valid according to the
laws of the State in which they were made,
they were not in fraud of the bankrupt act, for
the simple reason that there was no bankrupt
act then that they could be in fraud of.
Now, sir, suppose the amendment pending,
instead of reading "That nothing in this act
contained shall be construed or held to invali-
date any lien or conveyance acquired or made
in good faith prior to the taking effect of this
aet," should read "That prior to the taking
effect of the original act," what would be the
difference? Perhaps the act would not then
accomplish the purpose which the gentleman
from Rhode Island has in bringing the bill into
the Seriate.
But, sir, I am entirely averse to this measure
upon the ground stated so ably and distinctly
by the honorable Senator from Maine a little
while ago, that it leaves all the time from now
until the 1st of June for debtors, knowing
themselves to be bankrupt, to put away their
property, so that finally when they come to file
their petition in bankruptcy nothing shall re-
main for the general creditors and all shall have
gone into the pockets of preferred creditors.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Rhode
Island.
Mr. SPRAGUE. That is simply to correct
the phraseology.
Mr. MORTON. Let it be reported.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to strike out in line twelve the words "in
good faith" and to add at the end of the pro-
viso the words "that would have been valid
if this act had not passed;" so that the proviso
will read:
And provided further, That nothing in this aeteon-
tamed shall be construed or held to invalidate any
lien or conveyance acquired or made prior to the
taking effect of this act that would have been valid
ii this act had not passed.
Mr. MORTON. The amendment proposed
is a very important one. It proposes to over-
turn a well-settled principle of law, which ex-
ists in every State where bankrupt laws are in
existence, which is that conveyances made in
anticipation of bankruptcy are considered
fraudulent and void. There is a propriety in
the declaration that conveyances made in good
faith between this and the 1st of June shall
not be regarded as fraudulent and void, for
the reason that it at once becomes a question
whether a conveyance made in anticipation of
bankruptcy between this and the time the aet
goes into operation was made in good faith;
but thisamendment will have the effect of de-
feating the well-established principle of law
that a conveyance can be invalidated by rea-
son of being made in anticipation of bank-
ruptcy. Now,_ a bankrupt law has been
passed. That is a^ fact well known to the
whole country. It is to take effect on the 1st
day, of June, if you please. The country is
advised that the law goes into operation on
that day practically. As was said by the Sen-
ator from Missouri, they are all enabled to put
away their property in anticipation of the law
going into operation. Now, I should like to. •
know what is the difference in the mischief
whether the law went into operation to-day
and the man was- to make a conveyance in
anticipation of bankruptcy, or whether he
makes it in anticipation of bankruptcy to be
committed after the law goes into effect on
