434
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 29,
amounts of public lands have been given to the
States and squandered for the purpose of con-
structing levees, but in almost all of them
levees have been constructed which are of
comparatively little value, because they were
conducted by men wholly unacquainted with
the system of leveeing. I hope that the reso-
lution will pass. This is to some extent a
national work. The valley of the Mississippi
river includes more rich territory than any
other stream in the United States. To some
extent it holds in it the power almost of the
United States at the present time. Morer or
less of it will become fertile and become culti-
vated if a proper system of leveeing is adopted.
A few years' observations made at compara-
tively little cost will enable all these States to
levee that stream with entire success. I think
that it will be a very small expense to the
Government of the United States, which will
far more than indemnify them by the success
that will be attained in the cultivation of the
rich fields on that stream.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Now, as to any
particular information on the subject of the
breach in these levcas, or whatever the phrase
is, there is a particular examination made by
the authority of the Government in 18G5. So
far you have accurate information as to breaches
already made. • But it will be seen upon the
examination of this resolution that it contem-
plates the entire examination by the engineer
department of the "condition of the levees of
the Mississippi river, and report a plan for
their reconstruction and improvement from
the mouth of the Ohio river to the Gulf of
Mexico, with estimate of the cost of the same,
to Congress." If that means anything, it
means that this Government shall enter upon
a system for the improvement and reconstruc-
tion of the levees of the Mississippi river from
the mouth of the Ohio to the Gulf of Mexico.
Otherwise it is impossible to conceive upon
what ground it is that the Government should
be called upon to make the surveys and to pro-
pose a system. The countless millions which
that would involve nobody of course can tell.
Having called the attention of the Senate to
the consideration of the subject, I have accom-
plished my purpose.
Mr. FOWLER.. I will simply say it is not
contemplated that the Government shall enter
upon any such thing as the improvement itself.
I stated that my object was simply to get this
information. It is utterly impossible for any
State to ascertain the currents of that stream
and to levee exactly against them, and unless
some general plan is adopted, and some gen-
eral survey made so as to give the States proper
information on the subject, it never can be
leveed successfully. It will take a considera-
ble length of time to do it.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope we shall get a vote
on the subject.
Mr. WILSON. I, too, hope that we shall
get a vote, and certainly hope this resolution
will pass, whether the Government ever does
anything afterward or not. A scientific inves-
tigation of that river will be of incalculable
benefit to those States and to the country. I
am very anxious that we shall get a vote on the
resolution.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suppose there
are other interests in the country as well as the
interests of those States to be considered. It
is not an answer at all satisfactory to me that
this will be an interesting scientific examina-
tion. Now, sir, I should like to know what
the Government of the United States have to
do with the examination and survey of the
Mississippi riyer with reference to this particu-
lar subject. The honorable Senator from Ten-
nessee, who moves it, says there is not the-
slightest idea of the Government's entering
upon the subject of making improvement.
Does the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts mean to say it is a fit thing to employ the
engineer corps of this Government—so op-
pressed with this service that within three days
we havs passed a bill here authorizing them
to call on the civil engineers of the country—
upon a subject to accomplish which within a
reasonable time would require the entire engi-
neering force of this Government? I hope we
shall not do any such thing.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. Let the resolution be read
at length.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. SUMNER. I am not against making
this exploration and inquiry; indeed, I welcome
anything of the kind ; but I am anxious that
Congress should not commit itself in advance
to the very great expenditure involved. I there-
fore send to the Chair an amendment which I
desire to have come in at the end:
Provided, That it is understood in advance that no
appropriations for the levees of the Mississippi river
shall be made in any State until afterthe restoration
of such Sta te to the Union, with th e elective franchise
and free schools, without distinction of race or color.
Mr. FOWLER. I accept the amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator accepts it.
Mr. CONNESS. I shall vote against the
whole concern with that amendment. That
will be the effect on one vote at least of the
acceptance of that amendment. This is an
earnest, proposition, and, as I think, a sensible
one. We survey rivers and harbors in the Uni-
ted States and we appropriate millions for their
improvement. It is now proposed that there
shall be a survey of the father of rivers for the
ascertainment of a system of protection to the
great valley bordering on the same.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Allow me to
correct the honorable Senator. It is not for a
survey of the river, but an examination of the
condition of the levees.
Mr. CONNESS. That involves a survey
necessarily. That is the very purpose of the
work. I will give way to the Senator. I see
he is anxious.
Mr. MORRILL, of. Maine. No ;*I am not
anxious. I was only astonished that the Sen-
ator should put that interpretation upon the
proposition.
Mr. CONNESS. If the Senator were right,
and my construction were wrong, it would only
make the amendment offered still more ridicu-
lous. I hope, sir, that that amendment will
not be adopted, or if it is, that the resolution
will be voted down.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It has been voted in.
Mr. CONNESS. Then I am against the
resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON. I understood the mover
of the resolution to accept the amendment pro-
posed by the honorable member from Massa-
chusetts. It is now, therefore, a part of the
resolution. I move to strike that out of the
resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The
amendment cannot be accepted.
Mr. CONNESS. Then I ask for a vote on
the amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. Do I understand that the
amendment I have moved cannot be accepted ?
Mr. WILLIAMS and others. Not by any
one Senator.
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. The amend-
ment is in order.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; I have a word
to say upon it. I am unwilling that Congress
should seem in any way to commit itself to so
very great an expenditure in one of these States,
except with the distinct understanding that it
shall not be until after the restoration of the
State to the Union on those principles without
which the State will not be loyal or republican.
We are all seeking to found goveroments in
these rebel States> truly loyal and truly repub-
lican. Will any such State be truly loyal or
truly republican until it has secured in its con-
stitution the elective franchise to all, and until
it has opened free schools to all? I submit that
the proposition is a truism. A State which
does not give the elective franchise to all with-
out distinction of color is not republican in
form, and it cannot be sanctioned as such by
the Congress of the United States. Now I am
anxious, so. far as I can, to take a bond in ad-
vaixse, and to hold out every temptation, every
lure, every seduction to these people to tread
the right path; in other words, to tread the
path of republicanism and of loyalty. There-
fore I seize the present occasion to let them
know in-advance that if they expect this power-
ful intervention of Congress they must qualify
themselves to receive it by giving the evidence
that they are truly republican and truly loyal.
The argument, sir, is unanswerable.
This is no common survey of a river or
of a harbor. The Senator from Maine has
already pointed out the difference between
the two cases. They are.wide apart. It is an
immense charity, a benefaction, from which
private individuals are to gain to a great ex-
tent. Thus far these levees have always been
built, as I understand—I am open to correc-
tion—by private individuals, by the owners of
the lands, and by-the States.
Mr. STEWART. And principally by the
swamp lands donated by Congress.
Mr. SUMNER. And out of the' swamp
land-grants. Now, it is proposed for the
first time that the national Government shall
come forward with its powerful aid. Are you
ready to embark in that great undertaking ?
I do not say that you should not, for I am one
who never has hesitated, and I do not mean
hereafter to hesitate, in an appropriation for
the good of any part of the country if I can
see that it is in any respect constitutional;
and on the question of constitutionality I do
not mean to be nice. I mean always to be
generous in my interpretation of the Consti-
tution and in appropriations for any such ob-
ject; but I do submit that Congress shall not
in any respect pledge itself to so great an un-
dertaking, involving such a lavish expenditure
of money, except on the fundamental condi-
tion that the States where that money is to be
invested shall be republican in form and truly
loyal; and I insist that not one of those States
can be republican or truly loyal except on the
conditions stated in my amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to postpone the
subject under consideration and all other sub-
jects with a view of asking the Senate to pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No. 63.
Wiave been trying all the morning to get atten-
tion to it, and this debate seems to be inter-
minable.
Mr. HENDERSON. What bill is that?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is a bill which the
Departments think of importance.
Mr. HENDERSON. What is the title of it?
Mr. TRUMBULL. "A bill placing the
solicitor and assistant solicitors of the Court
of Claims in the department of the Attorney
Genera!, and for other purposes."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Illinois moves to postpone the pres-
ent and all prior orders and proceed to the
consideration of the bill mentioned by him.
Mr. FOWLER. 1 hope that will not be
done. We can take a vote on this question
now. At any rate, I do not wish to prolong
the debate upon it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If we can vote I will
withdraw the motion, but there is no probabil-
ity of it.
Mr. FOWLER. I will state that on no
measure I have ever advocated or brought up
here have I occupied any more of the time of
this body than has the Senator from Illinois
on the measures he has brought up. I regard
this as of great importance to the southern
country, and my faith in .its loyalty is not at
all guided by this or that man.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall vote for th©. mo-
tion of the Senator from Illinois on broader
grounds than he puts it. This whole subject
has been referred to the Committee on ITinance
and has been partially examined by them. The
subject of making the levees of the Mississippi
river is a great and important subject. It can
only be done in cooperation with all the States
along the Mississippi river. It can only be
done after those States are_ reorganized and are
readmitted to representation. One proposi-
tion made by the Statas themselves is to issue
their bonds, based upon the credit of the States
