1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBAL'
435
and aiso * upon a mortgage or • pledge of the
lands given to them, the swamp lands as they
are_called, and also' other lands. There are
various matters and various modes proposed
not only to levee the Mississippi river, but to
raise the money for that purpose. Under these
circumstances, I do not think that any addi-
tional survey would throw light on the subject.
We have wsw a volume printed, not by the
Government, but by private persons, a large
folio volume, containing a mass of information
on tho subject. 1 think to embark in new sur-
veys now would give us no new light. We
have all the inlormation on the subject that
can probably be obtained. General Hum-
phreys made a survey and has given us the re-
sult of the most elaborate survey that has been
made by the engineer corps of the Army. I
do not think these new surveys would promote
the examination of the subject. The Commit-
tee on Finance at the next session propose to
take it. up and consider it with the attention
its importance demands. But it is idle for us
to consider or propose any measure likely to
get the assent of Congress until these States
are in a condition either to issue bonds or to
guaranty bonds, or to do something toward
raising the vast sums of money necessary for
this purpose. I shall therefore vote to post-
pone any examination or any further surveys
until the Committee on Finance has acted on
the subject.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to state to
the Senate that this matter has been referred
to me as a member of the Committee on Fi-
nance, and I have given it some examination.
It is true, as the Senator from Ohio says, that
a report, not exactly on the subject of levees,
but, containing a vast deal of information in
reference to that subject, is now before Senate.
I have been trying during this session to have
it printed again. It was printed by private
enterprise. It was laid before the Senate in
August, 1861, when we were entering into the
• war, and the Mississippi was blockaded from
Memphis down to the Gulf, and it was thought
unnecessary at that time to publish the infor-
mation contained<ran the report of Captain
Humphreys, who is now our chief engineer. It
is a very able paper, and it ought to have been
printed. It is, as the Senator says, a large
volume. It has been reprinted in Europe by
various Governments there for the use of their
engineer departments. It is a valuable docu-
ment, and it ought to be in the hands of every
man who takes an interest in the improvement
of the Mississippi, not only in reference to its
navigation, but in reference to its levees. I
regret very much that it was not printed.
Then there was a report also made by Gen-
eral Humphreys in 1865, which was before us
at the time this subject of levees was up in
18G6, when a report was made by our late col-
league, Mr. Clark, of New Hampshire. There
is a great deal of information specially devoted
to this subject of levees in that short report.
Now, the Senator from Rhode Island wants
a thorough and perfect survey. Of course I
should be very glad to have such a survey.
The country would realize perhaps very large
advantages from such a survey. 1 am indiffer-
ent, however, about its being pressed. I think
there is information already before the country
sufficient to induce something to be done by
the United States in aid of that improvement.
The Senator from Massachusetts thinks that
no appropriation ought to be made until the
States are restored. I think so, too. I think
that is proper. I have reported a bill which
provides that some aid may be given, not in the
shapeof direct appropriations, butby indorsing
the bonds of those States, having ample secu-
rity made by the reorganized governments to
the United States for any guarantee that we
undertake. I believe that ought to be done.
The Senator says that in this reorganization
universal suffrage must first be secured in order
to make the government x>f the State repub-
lican. I have no objection to that. I should
be very glad to see something of that sort done.
He fcrther says that the common school sys-
tem ought to be opened, so that all the chil-
dren can he educated regardless of color; that
we must not aid the southern States until the
negro children and the white children are edu-
cated in the same school-house. I do not
know that that would tend to make a State
republican. I am not sure that the education
of negro and white children together is neces-
sary in order to make a State republican. If
so, then the United States will have to go to
work, not only in the State of Maryland, which
I see is to be reconstructed before we leave
to-morrow, but in other States, because 1 be-
lieve such a thing does not exist in a single
State of the Union.
I sympathise with the Senator from Massa-
chusetts in a great many of his notions with
reference to suffrage, in fact in all of them,
because,that is all that is needed there. We
can then get rid of the civil rights bill and the
Freedmen's Bureau bill. He sits here along
with me from year to year and votes millions
from the Treasury to the negroes and white
people in the southern States in order to keep
them from starvation. We have had it up
here again and again ; and this morning the
Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Patterson]
brought in a bill for $500,000 more for East
Tennessee. Mr. President, the period must
soon come when these vast appropriations
must cease. I desire to say, for one, that I
cannot and will not consent to them much
longer. We must make some other arrange-
ments. Now, we find that the entire Missis-
sippi and Louisiana country is flooded again.
I stated some time ago, in arguing the ques-
tion of the cotton tax, that such a result was
inevitable. What is upon us this coming win-
ter? We shall be called upon to appropriate
not one million, but two, three, four, five, or
six millions in order to keep the people of the
southern States from starvation. It is a prac-
tical question. It is not a question of repub-
lican government. It is not a matter of the
education of negroes with whites. It is a
question of the salvation of the bodies of the
southern people from starvation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I appeal to my friend
from Missouri if lie will lot this matter go by and
let us take up some other business. That was
my object in making the motion to postpone
and take up another subject. I iifsist. that it
is not quite in order. I do not wish to call the
Senator to order. I do not mean to be under-
stood that way. I make an appeal to him. I
insist that this discussion is not quite in order
on the motion to postpone and take up another
si bjec.t.
Mr. HENDERSON. I so seldom get the
floor that I thought I would occupy it for some
ten or fifteen minutes ; but as my friend from
Illinois has a very pleasant and amiable voice,
and always says something that gives me infinite
pleasure, and as I have not heard him for
twenty-five or thirty minutes, I will yield in
order that I may hear the sweet tones of his
voice again. [Laughter.]
Mr. SPRAGUE. I hope the motion of the
honorable Senatorfrom Illinois will not prevail.
I desire, having moved to take up this resolution,
that it shall now be acted upon, and more cs-
Eecially since the notice given by tlie honorable
enator from Ohio and the honorable Senator
from Missouri, that at the next session matters
pertaining to the levees of the Mississippi river
are to be entertained and are to be acted upon.
It*is manifest that at that time the Senate will
be called upon to vote ay or no in favor of a
proposition to aid in the construction or recon-
struction of the levees upon this river ; and it
is important that all information pertaining to
that subject should be laid before the Senate,
andthat information can come from aoDeparfc-
ment of this Government so well and thor-
oughly as it can come from the engineer de-
partment of the Government. I call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the important fact, that
if they want to vote understanding^ on tins
subject at the next session of Congress it is
proper that this resolution should pass. It is
also rery well known that heretofore Congress
has appropriated lands and aided both the
State governments and individuals in con-
tracting these levees. They have inaugurated
the system of assistance which will;he iasked
of them at the coming session of Congress.
Sir, the advantages to grow out of the re-
construction and the building of these levees
are not for southern men or for southern peo-
ple particularly. I conceive, and I believe it
will be a fact, that that country will hereafter
be occupied by the men of the Northeast,
Northwest, and North, and that they will here-
after occupy the lands heretofore occupied by
those men who have exhausted their energies
and their labors in the past. I believe that
the benefit of whatever you are to do in this
matter will accrue to those whom we represent
here to-day; and therefore as a practical sub-
ject, as one in which the southern people them-
selves can take no action, as they are deprived
of the power of action from the desolation and
destruction of their property, it is pertinent
now that this Senate should take cognizance
of the case to the extent that they should not
refuse the mere direction of an officer or two
of the Government of the United States tQi,ex-
amine and report at the next session of Con-
gress the real condition of the banks of that
river.
Mr. YATES. I do not approve of the
amendment of the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts. I think it is not pertinent to
the question at issue. I should be* in favor of
this appropriation, of this survey, if we had
had no war, if there had been no inundations,
no destruction of the levees there at all. I
would have voted for it for Illinois, for the
Northwest as well as for Louisiana and the
South or the rebellious States. I would have
voted for it upon the principle that I favor tho
improvement of rivers and harbors, upon the
same principle that I would vote for an appro-
priation for a harbor on the coast of Maine.
Now, sir, I have voted for all these meas-
ures for the relief of the southern States. I
voted for the appropriation for the relief of
suffering in the South. I voted for the appro-
priation, a year ago, for the improvement of
these levees. My doctrine is that we will im-
pose every condition that is necessary to sccuro
a perfect allegiance from the southern States
to this Government; we will restore the
Union ; we will require that they shall submit
in spirit and in letter to the demands of the
Government. But, sir, we should be generous,
and we should extend to the southern States
relief from the sufferings to which they have
been exposed. I think this amendment is not
■germane, and I hope the Senator from Massa-
chusetts will not insist upon it. *
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask the gen-
eral consent of the Senate, if that is nocessary,
to makeareport at this time from the commit-
tee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill making appropria-
tions to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the contingent expenses of tke Senate.
The PRESIDEjNTpro tempore. The report
will be received unless objection is made. The
Chair hears no objection.
SENATE CONTINGENT EXPENSES.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, submitted the fol-
lowing report:
The committee of confcrenec on tbo disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (S. No. 83) making appropriations to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for contingent
expenses of the Senate of tho United States for
tho lineal year ending June 30, 18(37, having mot,
after full and free conference have agreed to recom-
mend, and do recommend, to their respective Housea
as follows:
That the House recede from their first amendment
and agree to the second section of thcbill, with the fol-
lowing amendment: add to tho second section tho iol-
lowing: "And the newspapers in the rebellious States
named in section sevon of an act making appropria-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Government
for the year ondine Juno 30,186S. and for other pur-
poses, which have ormay be designated in pursuance
of the provisions of said section for the publication
of the public laws and treaties of tho United States,
shall publish the public laws and treaties of the
Thirty-Ninth Congress, authentic copies of which it
shall be the duty of the Secretary of State to furnish
(is soon as practicable after reeeiyiiftr notico of such
