442
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 29,
Senate No. 105, to reimburse the States of
Indiana and Ohio for moneys expended for the
United States in enrolling, equipping, and pro-
visioning military forces to aid in suppressing
the rebellion, on which the previous question
had been seconded and the main question
ordered.
Mr. CHANLER. I demand the yeas and
:iays on the passage of the bill. But first I
ask that it shall be read in full, so we may
know what we are voting on.
Mr. WARD. I ask members to pay atten-
tion to it.
The bill was read at length. The first sec-
tion provides that immediately after the pas-
sage of this act the President shall appoint
three commissioners, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, who are not resi-
dents of the State of Indiana, whose duty it
shall ■ be to ascertain the amount of moneys
expended by the State of Indiana in enrolling,
equipping, subsisting, transporting, and pay-
ing such State forces as were called into ser-
vice in said State since the 1st day of January,
1862, to act in concert with the forces of the
United States in the suppression of the rebel-
lion against the United States.
The second section provides that the com-
missioners so appointed shall proceed, subject
to regulations to be prescribed by the Secre-
tary of War, at once to examine all the items
of expenditure made by the State for the pur-
poses therein named, allowing only for dis-
bursements made and amounts assumed by
the State for enrolling, equipping, subsisting,
transporting, and paying such troops as were
called into service by the Government at the
request of the United States department com-
mander commanding the district in which In-
diana may at the time have been included, or
by the express order, consent, or concurrence
of such commander, or which may have been
employed or used is suppressing rebellion in
paid Slate. No allowance is to be made for
any troops who did not perform actual military
service in full concert and cooperation with
the authorities of the United States and subject
to their orders.
It is provided in the third section that in
making up the accounts the commissioners
shall, for the convenience of the accounting
officers of the Government, state separately the
amounts expended respectively for enrolling,
equipping, arming, subsisting, transporting, and
paying the troops.
The fourth section directs that in the adjust-
ment of accounts under this act the commis-
sioners shall not allow for any expenditures or
compensation for service at a rate greater than
was at the time authorized by the laws of the
United States and the regulations prescribed
by the Secretary of War in similar cases.
It is provided in the fifth section that so
soon as the commissioners shall have made up
the account and ascertained the balance they
shall makewritten report, showing the different
items of expenditure, to the Secretary of the
Treasury, who shall cause the same to be
examined by the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury, who are to audit the accounts as
in ordinary eases ; and if it should appear that
any sum remains due to the State, the Secretary
of the Treasury is to draw his warrant for the
sum, payable to the Governor of the State, and
deliver it to him.
The sixth section provides that the commis-
sioners shall, before proceeding to the dis-
charge of theirduties, be sworn that they will
carefully examine the accounts existing be-
tween the United States and the State of Indi-
ana, and that they will to the best of their
ability make a just, true, and impartial state-
ment thereof. For their services they are to
receive such compensation as may be deter-
mined by the Secretary of the Treasury, not
exceeding ten dollars per day for each com-
missioner.
The seventh section appropriates a sufficient
sum to carry the act into effect.
In the eighth section the provisions of the
act are extended in every respect to the State
of Ohio. The same proceedings are to be had
for determining the amount due that State;
and a sufficient sum is appropriated to pay the
amount when ascertained, under the limitations
and restrictions of this act.
Mr. CHANLER. Is it in order to move to
refer this bill with instructions ?
Mr. HOLJIAN. The main question has
been ordered.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion
is not in order, the main question having been
ordered.
Mr. WARD. Have gentlemen any objection
to a discussion of the bill for a short time?
Mr. EGGLESTON. I object.
Mr. WARD. I rise to a point of order, and
my point of order is this : yesterday when this
bill came before the House I made the point
of order that under the rules it should go to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union as it contained an appropriation ; but I
was asked to withdraw my objection, and I
stated I would do so if we could have an oppor-
tunity to debate the bill in the House. The
gentleman from Ohio said certainly, and it was
my understanding there should be an opportu-
nity for debate after the previous question was
seconded and the main question ordered.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
is of the opinion that that is not a point of
order.
Mr. WARD. I move then to reconsider the
vote by which the main question was ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that that motion
be laid on the table.
Mr. WARD demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 56, nays 32, not voting
76; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Allison, Archor, Dclos R.Ashley,
JamesM. Ashley, Baldwin, Benjamin,Benton, Bing-
ham, Boutwell, Buckland. Burr, Butlor, Churchill,
Header W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Coburn, Donnelly,
Eckley. Egglcston, Eldridge.Farnsworth, Garfield,
Got'/, Gravely, Halsey, Hamilton, Hayes, Ilolraan,
Hooper, AsanelW.Hubbard, Ingersoll,Kellcy,Kerr,
William Lawrence, Loughridge, Marshall. McClurg,
Miller, Mungen, Niblack, Nicholson, O'Neill, Pla,nts,
Polsley, Schenek. Shanks, Taylor, Twitehell, Robert
T. Van Horn, Van Trump, Henry 1). Washburn,
Welker, William Williams, John T.Wilson, Windom,
and Wood—56.
NAYS—Messrs. Baker, Blair, Broomall, Chanler,
Cornell, Cullom, Fields, Griswold, Hopkins, Chester
D. Ilubbard, Humphrey, Koontz, Marvin, Mercur,
Morrissey, Noel!, Perham, Poland, llobinson, Ross,
Sawyer, Scofield.Sitgreaves, Aaron F. Stevens, Thad-
deus Stevens, Stewart, Tabcr, Van Auken, Burt Van
Horn, Ward, Thomas Williams, and Stephen F. Wil-
son—32.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Banks,
Barnes, Bcaumn, Blaine, Boyer, Bromwell, Brooks,
Cake, Cobb, Cook, Covode, IJawes. Denison, Dodge,
Driggs, Ela, Eliot, Ferriss, Ferry, Finney, Fox, Gloss-
brcnuer, llaight, Harding, Hill, Hulburd, Hunter,
Judd, Julian, Kclsey, Ketoham, Kitchen, Lallin,
Gcorgo V. Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Logan, Lynch,
Mallory, McCarthy, MoCullough, Moore, Moorhead,
Morgan, Morrcll, Myers, Newcomb, Orth, Paine,
Peters, Phelps, Pike, Pile, Pomcroy, Price, Pruyn,
Randall, Raum, Robertson, Selye, Shellabarger,
Smith, Spalding, Stone, Taffe, Thomas, Trowbridge,
XJpson, Van Aornam, Van Wyck, Cadwalader C.
Washburn. William B.Washburn, James F. Wilson,
and W oodbridge—76.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
During the vote,
Mr. TROWBRIDGE stated he was paired
with Mr. HuNTEiijand that the latter would vote
for while he would vote against the measure.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. SCHENCK demanded the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. CHANLER called for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri. I rise to a
point of order. This is a bill to reimburse
Indiana for expenses incurred in repelling
invasion. Under the ruling of the Supreme
Court in the Milligan case there was no inva-
sion, [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
cannot entertain that as a point of order.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on the passage of
the bill; and it was decided in the affirmative—
yeas 57, nays 36, not voting 71; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Delos II. Ashley, James
M. Ashley, Banks, Benjamin, Bingham, Boutwell,
Buckland, Burr, Butler, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney
Clarke, Coburn, Cook, Cullom, Dodge, Donnelly,
Eckley, Eggleston, Eldridge, Garfield, Gravely, lial-
sey, Hamilton, Hayes, Holman, Aaahel W. Hubbard.
Chester D. Hubbard, Ingersoll, Judd, Kelley, Kerr,
William Lawrence, Loan, Logan, Loughridge, Mar-
shall, McClurg, Miller, Mungen, Myers, Niblack,
Nicholson, O'Neill, Peters, Pile, Plants, Polsley,
Sehenck, Shanks, Twitehell, Robert T. Van Horn,
Van Trump, Henry D. Washburn, Welker, William
Williams, and John T.Wilson—57.
NAYS—Messrs. Baker, Baldwin, Benton, Blair,
Broomall, Chanler, Cornell, Ela, Ferri3s, Fields, Gctz,
Glossbrenner, Griswold, Hopkins, Keteham, Koontz,
Marvin, Mercur, Morrissey, Perham, Phelps, Poland,
Robertson, Robinson, Ross, Sawyer, Scofield, Sit-
greai'es, Aaron F. Stevens, Thaddous Stevens, Stew-
art, Taber, Taylor, Van Ankea, Ward, and Thomas
Williams—36.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Archer,
Barnes, Bcaman, Blaine, Boyer, Bromwell, Brooks,
Cake, Chnrohill, Cobb, Covode, Dawes, Denison,
Driggs, Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferry, Finney, Fox,
Haight, Harding, Hill, Hooper, Hulburd, Humphrey,
Hunter, Julian, Kelsey, Kitchen, Laflin. George V.
Lawrence, Lincoln, Lynch, Mallory, McCarthy. Mc-
Cullough,Moore, Moorhead, Morgan, Morrell, New-
comb, Noell, Orth, Paine, Pike, Pomcroy, Price,
Pruyn, Randall, Raum, Selye, Shellabarger, Smith,
Spalding, Stone, Taffe, Thomas, Trowbridge, Upson,
Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Van Wyck, Cad-
walader C. Washburn, William B. Washburn, James
F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, Wood, and
Woodbridge—71.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed : and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JURORS IN TIIE DISTRICT.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce a bill to regulate the selection
of jurors for the civil courts of the District of
Columbia.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask it to be reported,
reserving the privilege of objecting.
The bill was reported. It provides that all
grand and petit jurors, to serve either in the
criminal, circuit, or district courts in and for
the District of Columbia, shall be selected and
designated by the judges of elections for the
cities of Washington and Georgetown in such
manner and at such times as the judges of the .
supreme court of the District of Columbia, or
a majority of the judges thereof, may deter-
mine; provided that the persons so desig-
nated shall be citizens of the United States,
resident within said District, and shall be re-
turned as the .said judges may direct upon
writs of venire facias. And when, by reason
of challenge or other cause, there shall not be
a sufficient grand or petit jury, the marshal or
his deputy shall, by order of the court wherein
such defect of jurors shall happen, return jury-
men de talibus circurnstantibus sufficient to
supply such defect; but in case the marshal
and his deputy are interested in the event of
the cause, or riot indifferent, the jurors afore-
said may be returned by such disinterested per-
son as the court shall appoint, and to which
person the court shall first administer an oath
or affirmation that he will truly and impartially
make such returns.
Mr. IIOLMAN. It seems to me we ought,
not to take up a bill of this character so late in
the session and so many members absent. Has
this subject ever been befere a committee of the
House ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. This bill was passed by
the House during the latter part of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress, and failed in the Senate for
want of time. It is now presented with the
recommendation of the members of the Judi-
ciary Committee. There is a necessity for
such a law as this in the District of Columbia,
and if the gentleman has any doubt about it 1
will make a brief explanation of that necessity.
As the law now stands, the juries, both grand
and petit, are obtained in this way, namely, the
clerk Of the city corporation of Georgetown,
