1867.
THE GOiVUHESBIONAL GLOBE.
M5
3fo PILE. Will the gentlemanyield to me
for a question?
Mr. HOLMAN. Certainly.
Mr. PILE. I -wish to ask the gentleman
this question : the gentleman speaks as if this
proposed joint resolution was to deny to these*
colored soldiers a right. Now, I wish to ask
him if he speaks as their champion in the pro-
tection of their rights; if he is the authorized
exponent of their wishes?
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 would like to answer that
question right here. I do not assume to be
the exponent of any class or section of the
American people, except so far as I represent
their views and wishes. But I do assume to be
the champion, howeyer humble, of right where
everit may appear. I claim to be, in an humble
sense, the champion of that equality of legis-
lation which should be applicable alike to all
classes of citizens who are placed upon the
same footing by your laws. 1 would not delib-
erately enact a law applicable to but one class
of citizens and at the same time enact another
and a different law in reference to citizens
occupying the same political grounds, the same
high rights of citizenship. In other words, I
would not say to a man whom I would invest
with the invaluable right of suffrage, the highest
right an American citizen can exercise, that
he had not the intelligence and the ability
necessary to manage the simplest affairs of
business. I would not insult the common sense
of the country by saying that these colored
men are competent to control the destinies of
the nation, to elect the highest officers of Gov-
ernment, to determine who shall enact the
laws and occupy the Presidential chaif, and
then by law declare them incompetent to man-
age the most trivial affairs of ordinary busi-
ness.
That is the principal ground of my objection
to this joint resolution. If, as you assert, the
colored man is competent to control the affairs
of the nation, I insist that all public laws and
regulations which are made applicable to any
class of our citizens who participate in control-
ling public affairs should be made alike appli-
cable to all who are invested with that high
right; and that our laws should be sufficiently
effective in their provisions to protect all men
in their just rights of property. But it comes
to this, that the millions of the African race
in the South, just emerged from slavery, are
■ competent to control, by their suffrages, the
destinies of a great Kepublic, but incompetent
to manage the smallest business transaction or
receive the fruits of their labor. I now yield
to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.]
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to say one thing
more, which it seems to me has been left out
of the remarks which have been made in regard
to this bill.
I perfectly agree with the gentleman that we
ought to have general rules operating uniformly
upon all classes of cases that are similar; but
I call his attention and the attention of the
House to the marked difference between the
condition of the soldiers and sailors from the
States lately in rebellion—the colored soldiers
and sailors—and the position of other soldiers
and sailors. Our soldiers and sailors, enlisted
from northern States, came from States having
regular organizations, States that kept account
of their military and naval organizations, States
that had their military State agents here at
Washington to take care of the interests of
their soldiers. These soldiers from the South
had no such protection or care. Their State
authorities were hostile to them. The colored
people who enlisted in our Army and Navy
enlisted very frequently hundreds of miles away
from their homes. They have never since re-
turned to their homes. Indeed, most of them
have no homes to which to return. _ _
One of the greatest difficulties existing at
present is in finding the persons to whom the
prize-cnonev, the back pay, the bounties, &c,
due by the'Government properly belong. It
the persons are ever to get their, pay, some-
body must look after them. We have now an
organization specially charged with the duty
of locking after the interests of these fr-eed-
meri. This Bureau of Freedmen's Affairs
knows more than any other organization of
the country in regard to the whereabouts of
the people to whom the Government owes this
money. If we are ever to give these men the
money justly due them, if we are ever to iden-
tify them, so that the Government may not be
defrauded by making payment to the wrong
persons, and that the parties to whom the
money rightfully belongs may not be' defrauded
by failing to receive it, I know of no means so
well adapted to accomplish this end as to
intrust this matter to the hands of the Freed-
men's Bureau.
This resolution embraces but three sections.
By the first it is provided in substance that all
claims for prize money, bounty, back pay, and
pensions due to colored soldiers and sailors or
their hefts shall be paid over to this Bureau of
Freedmen, to be held until they can be paid to
the rightful owners. The second section pro-
vides rules, regulations, and restrictions for
the careful keeping of this money and its pay-
ment to those who may present properly authen-
ticated claims. The third section imposes upon
the Commissioner of Freedmen's Affairs all
the restrictions and obligations imposed upon
any other disbursing officer of the Government.
The whole measure is merely protective of the
rights and interests of the parties concerned.
I have examined the bill with some care during
this discussion, and it seems to mo very care-
fully drawn. T believe it ought to be passed.
I call for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; which was first upon
the motion that the joint resolution be referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs when ap-
pointed.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question recurring on ordering the joint
resolution to a third reading, it was read the
third time.
Mr. GARFIELD. I call the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the joint resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
On the passage of the joint resolution there
were—ayes 52, noes 16; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, under the
rules, oidercd tellers; and appointed Mr. Gar-
field and Mr. Holman.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 62, noes 24.
So the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DISTRICT EMOTION EXPENSES.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a joint resolution (S. It. No. 24) relative
t,o the payment of expenses incurred by the
judges of etcction for the cities of W ashington
and Georgetown, District of Columbia; which
was road a first and second time.
The joint resolution was read at length.
By the first section the corporations of the
cities of Washington and Georgetown, in the
District of Columbia, are required to pay, or
cause to be paid, all necessary expenses, in-
cluding printing, clerk hire, room rent, station-
ery, and a per diem compensation to each ot
the judges of election in the respective cities
appointed under the act of Congress entitled
"An act to punish illegal voting in the District
of Columbia, and for other purposes, ap-
proved February 5,1807, of five dollars per day
for every day they shall be actually employed
in the discharge of their duties, and the cer-
tificate/^ the judges of election of either city,
or a majoritv thereof, of the correctness of any
account arising out of the action of the judges
shall be deemed sufficient to constitute the
same a legal debt against the city to which the
judges so certifying shall belong. It is to be
lawful for any of the judges of election to
administer oaths in ft 11 oas.ss mlatmg to
duties assigned them bf law, and any parson'
willfully making o false statement under oath
before any of them is to be deemed guilty of,
perjury, and'on conviction thereof to be sub-
ject to imprisonment for the term of not less
than one nor more than five years.
The second seetion directs the judges of the-
supreme court of the District of Columbia to
appoint three commissioners of election in each
voting precinct in the cities ofWashington'and
Georgetown, who shall hold their offices fur
two years and until their successors iar« "ap-
pointed and qualified, whose duty it shall be
to take charge of the ballot-boxes at the polls
at each election, to receive and deposit in the
boxes the ballots of legalized voters in their
respective precincts, to count the votes afteu
the polls are closed, and declare the result,
and make returns thereof as now provided by
law. The commissioners of election are to
receive the votes of all persons whose names
are on the list of voters in the precinct, pre-
pared by the judges of election, and none
others; they are to have power to administer
oaths, and to examine persons offering to vote,
and other witnesses as to the identity of voters,
and are to receive from their respective eitie's
the same compensation for their services asis
now paid to the commissioners of election in said
cities. Any person swearing falsely relative to
the same is to be deemed guilty of perjury,
and on conviction thereof to be subject to im-
prisonment for the term of not less than one
nor more than five years.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move that the bill be
put on its passage, and demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to i fhird
reading, and it was accordingly read the tuird
time.
Mr. INGERSOLL demanded the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded an<^ the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider tin)
vote by which the bill was passed, and_ also
moved that the motion to reconsider bo laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AMERICAN ATLANTIC CABLE TELEUIUPII.
The next business on tho Speaker's table
was Senate Bill No. 28, to grant to the Ameri-
can Atlantic Cable Telegraph Company of New
York the right of way and privilege to lay,
land, and operate a submarine telegraph cable
on the Atlantic coast of the United States, and
establish telegraphic communication between
the United States and Europe, via the Ber-
mudas and Azores islands; which was read a
first and second time.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move that the bill be
put on its passage.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let us hear the bill.
The bill was read at length. The first sec-
tion vests the American Atlantic Cable Tele-
graph Company, of New York, with the right,
power, and privilege, having acquired the neces-
sary land therefor, to lay, land, and operate
their cable or cables on the Atlantic coast,
except the coast of Florida, within the juris-
diction of the United States, and the ri Lrht,
power, and privilege so to lay, land, and op-
erate their cable or cables shall be vested in
the said American Atlantic Cable Telegraph
Company for the period of twenty years from
the approval of this act ; provided the cori-
pany shall commence active operations within
the space of Jtwo years froin the approval of
•this act.
The second section provides that the Amer-
ican Atlantic Cable Telegraph Company, hav-
ing acquired the necessary land therefor, shall
have the right, power, and privilege to lay,
land, and operate their cable or cables within
any of the harbors, water, inlets, towns, and
cities on the Atlantic coast, except the coast
of Florida, offering the most praetical and
