446
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 29,
convenient landing, and to construct or erect
all the necessary fixtures to accomplish the
Object of this act.
The third section provides that the Govern-
ment of the United States shall at all times
have the preference in its use, upon terms that
may be agreed upon between the Postmaster
General and the company.
The fourth section provides that Congress
shall have power to alter, amend, or repeal
this act.
MraHOLMAN. There is no limitation of
the charges for transmission over the wires for
the Government.
Mr. CHANLER. This is only an extension
of the power under the law passed in the Thirty-
Ninth Congress, as I understand it. If so,
that law contains all the limitations necessary
in reference to the point made by the gentle-
man from Indiana. I recollect that the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Baldwin] de-
bated them at the time.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. This is
not the charter itself. The charter is contained
in another bill. That contains all the minutise.
Mr. HOLMAN. Would not the_ effect of
the last section be to repeal the limitations
heretofore made ?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Not at all.
Mr. HOLMAN. It would, it seems to me,
if this is supplementary to the other contain-
ing the limitations.
Mr, STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. It is a
State charter.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then it does not refer to
the same  ct to which the gentleman from New
York alludes.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I am not
sure the one I refer to is the one he refers to.
The charter under which they operate is a State
charter.
Mr. SCOFIELD. What State?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. New
York.
Mr. CHANLER. I was underthe apprehen-
sion this was to extend the line from Florida.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. That was
passed at the last session. This is not the
same bill. Some gentlemen may think it is a
chimerical scheme. It is a rival scheme to the
line now between Europe and the United States.
It grants no subsidy, and will probably cost the
company four or five million dollars. It does
not refer to the bill referred to by the gentle-
man from New York, I know, for I took some
interest in that.
Mr. CHANLER. My idea was that it was
a continuation of the same scheme.
Mr. BROOKS. It seems to me there is
some careless phraseology in the bill, as I
judge from hearing it read. In the first place
let me ask the gentleman from Illinois why
the coast of Florida has been reserved? And
before he answers the question let me say it is
reserved because we have already chartered a
line to run, I think, from New York via Flor-
ida to Cuba. But as I understand the phrase-
ology of this bill, it prohibits the use of the
coast of Florida to any other line. Now, as
Florida is a peninsula, stretching far out into
the Gulf of Mexico, it is rather a broad use of
words to except that whole coast without nam-
ing a reason why it is excepted.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will say to the gentle-
man that I think he gives to the language of
the bill a very wide construction, I imagine,
when he says it would prohibit any other cor-
foration from using any part of the coast of
'lorida. It only prohibits this company, as
I understand it, from leaving the coast of
Florida for the reason named by himself.
Mr. BROOKS. Let me call the attention
of the House to the fact that it reserves the
harbors and rivers of t,hat coast for a number
of years.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I may
be mistaken, but my impression was that it
granted the coas'; of Florida to another com-
pany, and that th 3 bill was intended to guard
the interest of that eompany. I call for the
reading of that portion of the bill.
The Clerk read the provision by which the
' telegraph company are authorized to lay their
cable on the Atlantic coast, except the coast
of Florida, and granting them privileges within
any harbors or inlets except on the coast ot
Florida.
Mr. BALDWIN. I desire to say that I rec-
ollect very well the passage of the bill which
granted the use of the coast of Florida to
another company; and there were objections
then raised on the ground that it was a mo-
nopoly. But there can be no monopoly in this
case; it establishes competition. Therefore
what was urged against that bill cannot be
urged against this.
Mr. KELLEY. I desire to say a word or
two on this subject. Without pretending to
any familiarity with the details of the provis-
ions of this bill, I am very glad to see a bill of
this kind before the House. I should be glad
to know that there were about to be constructed
half a dozen ocean telegraph lines, if it were
possible, and I will indicate my reasons by
quoting a part of the language of Lord Derby
at the last Lord Mayor's dinner, on the 9th of
November, when he said, among other things:
"Peace has its triumphs as woll as war; and in the
course of tho past year wo can point with pride to a
triumph more advantageous to tho human lace, re-
dounding more to the credit of the country than any
which could be acquired by any warlike operations,
however skillfully carried on. X allude to that great
triumph which has been achieved by British science,
by "British perseverance, by British energy, by which
we have maintained oar claim to exercise dominion
over the sea, and combined in intimate and enduring
bonds tho erreat continents of Europe and America,
between which we have succeeded in annihilating
time and spacc."
The absurdity of that claim on the part of
Great Britain I think all the world will soon
recognize. But as the luster of the meteor flag
of England has been dimmed by the splendor
of our stars, I wish we could have half a
dozen cables, so that they should feel that
while they have one connecting the British
Provinces on the north, we are independent
of them in our relations with all other trans-
Atlantic countries.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I now demand the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
~t>n the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SURVEYS OP RIVERS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate joint resolution No. 28, in relation
to the execution of surveys of rivers ordered
by Congress ; which was read a first and second
time.
It provides that the chief of Engineers may,
with the approval of the Secretary of War,
employ such civil engineers, not exceeding five
in number, for the purpose of executing sur-
veys and improvements of western and north-
western rivers, ordered by Congress, as may
be necessary to the proper and diligent prose-
cution of the same; and the persons so em-
ployed may be allowed a reasonable compen-
sation for their services, not to exceed the sum
of $3,000 per annum.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I do not suppose it is
necessary for me to say anything upon this
joint resolution. The object of it is to enable
the Secretary of War to employ some extra
engineers. Th*re is more business now than
the force of engineers can perform. I ask the
Clerk to read a letter which I send up to his
desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
* War Depaetmext,
Washinctsn City, March 23,1867.
Sir: In reply to your communication of the 22d
instant, inclosing a resolution referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, having for its object the em-
ployment of civil engineers by the "War Department,
and asking information On the subject, I have the
honor to state that X approve of such provision by
Congress, with the limitation as to number and com-
pensation specified in the resolution.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant.
EDWIN M. STANTON,
jSecretary of War.
Hon. Z. Chandler, Chairman Committee on Commerce,
United States Senate.
Mr. COOK. I call the previous question.
The previous question wa^ seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was read the
third time.
The question was upon the passage of the
joint i-esolution.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I hope there will b,o 110
objection to this joint resolution.
Mr. COOK. I call the previous question
upon the passage of the joint resolution.
The previous question was seconded and tho
main question ordered.
The question was taken upon the passage of
the joint resolution; and upon a division there
were—ayes 51, noes 16; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Holman and
Mr. Cook were appointed. t
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes sixty-seven,
noes not counted.
So the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. COOK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter moti.on was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that
they had examined and found truly enrolled
bills and joint resolutions of the following
titles, when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 99) for the relief of Richard
Busteed, jr. ;
An act (S. No. 100) supplementary to an act
for thp relief of Hiram Paulding, rear admiral
of the United States Navy;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 41) for the pur-
chase of lands adjoining the navy-yard at
Brooklyn;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 37) to authorize
the Secretary of War to build dredge-boats for
use at the mouth of the Mississippi river ;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 39) in reference
to the payment of salaries of members of Con-
gress ;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 41) providing for ■
the necessary surveys for a ship-canat around the
falls of the Ohio river for military, naval, and
commercial purposes;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 47) to amend an
act entitled "An act to provide increased rev-
enue from imported wool, and for other pur-
poses;" and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 50) to furnish
transportation of provisions to the destitute in
the South.
IMPEACHMENT ADJOURNMENT
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I rise to a ques-
tion of privilege, and submit the following pre-
amble and resolution:
Whereas upon charges preferred in the House of
Representatives of the Thirty-Ninth Congress against
the Presidentof the United States of high crimes and
misdemeanors, alleged to have been committed by
him in the execution of his official trust, the Com-
mittee 011 the Judiciary of the said House, to which
the same was referred, did report that for want of
sufficient time they were unable to conclude their
investigation, but that upon the facts disclosed it was
in their judgment required and demanded that tho
inquiry should bo prosecuted to a conclusion by tho
present Congress: and whereas in accordance with
the said opinion this House did commit the said sub-
ject anew to its Committee on the Judiciary, which
is no w diligen tly engaged in the examination th ereof ■
and whereas, in view of the report and recommendn
tion ofthe Judiciary Committeeof the last House.i
would be dangerous to the public interest and a fail-
ure of duty on the part of the present Congress to
adjourn and abdicate ita practical control over the
administration of the Government by surrendering
its destinies, in the present critical condition of af-
fairs, into the hands of an officer thus impeached
before tho nation, a,nd well known not only to be
hostile to the policy of its Congress, and to entertain
the opinion that all the acts of that Congress look-
ing to a restoration of the Union unconstitutional:
Therefore,
Resolved by the Hovse of Representatives, (the Sen-
