1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4M
ate concurring therein,) That the Speakers of the
two, Houses-be directed fco.adjoura the same on Sat-
urday, the 30th day of March, instant, at three
o clock p. m., to moot on the first Monday of June
at twelve o cLook meridian, for the purpose of re-
•ceivmg toe l-oport of the Judiciary Committee of the
ilouse oi Kopresentatives on the charges preferred
against the President, as aforesaid, and taking such
order thereon, as well as on other matters which
may be submitted to them, as the interests and exi-
gencies of the Uovernment may demand.
Mr. CHANLER. Is this a question of priv-
ilege?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is.
Mr. CLA11KE, of Kansas. I desire to call
the previous question on this preamble and
resolution; but before doing so I will yield to
the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Wood-
bridge.]
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, with-
out expressing any opinion in relation to the
resolution introduced-by the gentleman from
Kansas, or intimating what my vote will be
upon it, I prefer that no action should be had
until after the report of the conference com-
mittee (which is now out) upon the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses. I deem it neces-
sary, however, inasmuch as the question of
impeachment.is referred to in the resolution,
to say a few words respecting the action of the
Judiciary Committee on that subject.
During the Thirty-Ninth Congress the Pres-
ident of the United States was impeached by
the gentleman from Ohio, and the resolution
was referred to the Judiciary Committee, em-
bracing five distinct propositions. The first
charged the President with being guilty of cor-
ruptly using the veto power ; the second with
corruptly using the appointing power; the
third with corruptly using the pardoning power.
These several powers are vested in the Pres-
ident by the Constitution of the United States.
No one can deny that he has the right to exercise
these powers; the question is whether he has
corruptly used them. Now, it will be seen tliat
those three questions, having been submitted to
the Judiciary Committee, the examination of
them involved an extended investigation, re-
quiring the examination of witnesses from vari-
ous portions of the country, and necessarily
demanded the occupation of much time.
In addition to that, the committee have been
called upon to inquire into the question whether
the President hits corruptly disposed of the
property of the United States ; whether he has
corruptly interfered with elections in the Uni-
ted States; and then, in addition, the general
question, whether ho has so corruptly con-
ducted himself generally as to render himself
impeachable under the clause of the Constitu-
tion authorizing impeachment for high crimes
and misdemeanors.
The propositions which were submitted to
tire Judiciary Committee were broad in their
character; and I apprehend from what was said
by the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Blaise] the
other day that an erroneous impression has gone
forth to the country in relation to the action of
the committee upon the subject; for I under-
stood the gentleman to say that the investigation
has now come to be considered by the country
as a " farce." I do not believe that the country
knows what has transpired before the Judiciary
Committee, and certainly 1 do not propose to
give them that information. I can only say,
m justification of the committee, that they
have assiduously attended to the investigation
from the time when the question was referred
to them to the present moment; that day by
day, and almost every day without intermis-
sion, they have devoted themselves to the sub-
ject. They desire that the question shall be
settled one way or the other, for they, with
other members of the House, believe that the
country has been sufficiently agitated by this
grave question, and that by reason of such
agitation there is not that stability in the busi-
ness of the country which ought to exist, and
that until the question is settled instability will
continue to prevail. Gentlemen of capital do
not knew whciher or how to make investments,
and the country ought to be quieted by having
tHe matter decided one way or the other.
At the close of the Thirty-Ninth Congress
the committee reported that they had come to
no conclusion, but that, under the circum-
stances they deemed i t proper and necessary that
the investigation should be continued by the
Fortieth Congress—expressing 110 opinion, but
merely saying to the House and the country
that they had not up to that time been able to
perform the duties which the House had im-
posed upon them, but had arrived at such a
stage that they deemed it proper that further
investigation should be had. The House adopted
the report, and since the commencement of the
Fortieth Congress the committee have further
devoted themselves to the investigation; and
I may say (because it is not improper that I
should do so) that the committee have now,
by an arrangement, agreed that after separating
at the closetef the present session they will
meet again about the 1st of May to continue
their labors.
_ It is to be hoped, sir, by every American
citizen that there will appear nothing to render
necessary or justify the impeachment of the
President; but if a state of facts should appear
rendering it proper to impeach that officer,
the Committee on the Judiciary will not shrinli
from their responsibility, but will recommend
to the House articles of impeachment and the
trial of the officer before the Senate of the
United States. It is a duty that we did not
seek, a duty from which we should be very
glad to be relieved; nevertheless it is our duty;
and in my judgment every member of the com-
mittee will candidly, fairly, and without preju-
dice examine this question, and report to the
House the convictions of their deliberate judg-
ment.
Sir, I make these remarks because, from
the statement made by the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Blaine,] not now in his seat,
erroneous inferences respecting the committee
and their action in the premises might be
drawn.
It is not my province, nor have I the right,
to divulge anything before the committee ; and
I do not intend to do so. I merely mean to
say that it is the intention of the committee to
pursue the investigation fairly and assiduously,
and to report to the House and the country
the convictions of their judgment on th<j testi-
mony brought before them.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, I shall detain
the House but for a few moments. When shall
we cease this frivolous and absurd agitation?
When will the majority here consent to give the
country a little rest? When will the people
of the United States be allowed to follow their
honest pursuits without continual interference
with those pursuits by this persistent and ab-
surd agitation of the impeachment of the Pres-
ident of the United States?
Almost every day from the commencement
of this session some member on that side
of the House under some pretext, upon some
question or the other, has presented this sub-
ject. What is the object? What does it mean?
If there is to be impeachment, present the
articles, take a vote, go 011 and do it now, sir,
when the Senate is in session, and when it can
proceed with the trial at once.
Mr. LOAN. I will ask the gentleman a
question, and that is whether the members on
his side of the House, acting in concert with
hire, will sustain the radical Union men on
this side in forcing a vote before the adjourn-
ment of the present session of Congress on this
subject?
Mr. WOOD. I can only answer for myself,
individually. I have already said on this floor
that I would go for the impeachment of the
President or any other official on proper
charges properly substantiated.
Mr. LOAN. The gentleman will pardon me,
but he has not answered my question.
Mr. WOOD. I have; I can only speak for
myself. What other gentlemen 011 this side
of the House will do I cannot answer. I can
only saywhat I will do.
But, Mr. Speaker, there is not a shadow of
foundation upon which to base the slightest,
pretext for this proceeding. The gentleman
from Vermont, [Mr. WoODBBlDSE,] a member
of the Committee on the Judiciary, virtually
admitted that down to this time there is.no
foundation upon which they can predicate im-
peachment. There is more than this blouse
or the people of this country knows in this
continued agitation.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. The gentleman most
have misapprehended me. I made no such
statement; I made no such concession. I did
not design to throw out any intimation, *one
way or the other, as to my own private opinion
or the opinion of any on the committee, or of
any person respecting the guilt or innocence
of the President of the United States.
Mr. WOOD. The gentleman from Vermont,
in the remarks lie submitted to the House, did
say when the committee had proper evidence
they would report impeachment resolutions.
That was a virtual admission that up to this
time, after elaborate investigation, they have
been unable to obtain anything whatsoever
upon which to base such action. The report of
the Committee on the Judiciary of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress virtually admitted, and indeed
declared in terms, there was no evidence upon
which to predicate such a proceeding.
Mx. WOODBRIDGE. The gentleman still
misapprehends me. I do not wish it to go
out to the country that, as a member of the
Committee on the Judiciary, I have prejudged
this case, or made any remarks which would
authorize the gentleman in drawing the con-
clusion he has drawn. I said that at the close
of the Thirty-Ninth Congress the Judiciary
Committee submitted a report to the House,
which was accepted. It was to tlie effect that
they had been unable to complete their inves-
tigation, but that sufficient had come before
them to induce them to recommend to the
Fortieth Congress to proceed with the investi-
gation. 1 believe that report was signed by
every member of the committee, save the gen-
tleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Rogers.] I
think the language was that it was not only
proper, but there was a demand for further
investigation; and that since the organization
of the Fortieth Congress the committee had
been earnestly engaged in pursuing the inves-
tigation, without prejudice or partisanship, and
in due time would report the result of their
examination to the House.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, I think the fact
that this committee have been now for nearly
a year in a continual investigation of this mat-
ter, in which they have subpenaed witnesses
from every part of the United States, and have
entered into a very close scrutiny of every par-
ticle of evidence that can be distorted into an
implication of the President, and have reached
the " lame and impotent, conclusion" made to
the last Congress, are sufficient to convince this
country that there is in existence no evidenco
upon which the President of the United States
can be impeached.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Will the gentle-
man allow me to correct him in one particular?
He says the Judiciary Committee have been
pursuing this investigation for about a year.
They have been pursuing it for less than three
months. It was not referred to them till Jan-
uary. I am not surprised that the gentleman
does not understand the subject when he ven-
tures such assertions as that they have been
investigating the matter for a year.
Mr. WOOD. It is immaterial as to the
number of months. I assume that if-there is
any evidence, that in three months they would
be able to produce it, and the fact that they
have not been able to do. so is the very best
reply that none exists.
, Now, what is the condition of things pre-
sented here to-day? A motion is made that
this House shall fix a time for the purpose of
receiving articles of impeachment. The gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Schexck] made a speech
of an hour the other day, in which he argued
in favor of a perpetual session of Congress,
because first, the President might do some-
thing wrong; second, the Supreme Court might
