448
THE CONGRESSIONAL TGLOBE.
March 29,
do something wrong: and third, the political
condition of Maryland is obnoxioift to a ma-
jority of Congress. I suppose if we wait 'a
few days and bear from Connecticut the gen-
tleman might find another reason in the anti-
repuWioan character Of the constitution of that
State.
Now, what a spectacle is exhibited. With
all the material interests of the country para-
iyzed, the people groaning under onerous taxa-
tion the business of the country going to
destruction for want of proper legislation, the
Congress of the United States is frittering
away its time in a fruitless effort to find some
fault with soma State or some individual that
may happen to be obnoxious to the majority
here. Sir, I repeat it is absurd, and the ab-
surdity of the proposition is only equaled by
that of the arguments with which it is sus-
tained.
Now, sir, let us hear no more of this. If
the President is to bo impeached, produce your
articles. If he is not to be impeached, either
proceed to legislation, or if you are not pre-
pared to legislate, adjourn your Congress and
give the country quiet and rest.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I yield fifteen
minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. BUTLER. Allow me to say that I had
no knowledge of this resolution until it was
read to the House. I have examined it, and
I desire to say a few words in its behalf. In
reply to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Wood,] who says this is an absurd and unjust
agitation of the question of impeachment,
having had something to do with that agitation,
I suppose I may without offense state some
of the grounds upon which I have acted.
In the first place, as to what has been done
by the committee. No man has a right to
know what they know. It is enough that they
have said solemnly that there is sufficient
ground to continue the investigation, and that
they have not completed it. That being so,
no man has a right to say that they have found
nothing. They have found something by which
they feel themselves called upon to continue
their search into the acts of the President.
The absurdity of this agitation, as it is called,
may be seen in the feet that the Legislatures
of two States have by solemn vote called upon
Congress to investigate for the impeachment
of the President. The necessity of the pro-
ceeding is sustained by the fact that petition
after petition has been submitted under the
rule and referred to that committee. It is
seen ia the fact that the country has no longer
any confidence in the Executive. In my judg-
ment the Constitution meant to provide that
when the country, by an almost universal voice,
expresses its loss of confidence in the Execu-
tive, the time has then come for Congress to
declare that the occupant of the presidential
chair, wKich he no longer fills, but obstructs,
should be removed.
The gentleman from New York [Mr.
Wood] says' that such a precedent will put
the Executive at the mercy of Congress.
Well, who compose the Congress ? Congress
are the representatives of the people, fresh
from them; speaking their will, echoing their
thoughts, and enacting their high behests. It
is,for them to bring to the Senate, represent-
ing the organization of States, the charges
against the high officer who has so offended
against the peoples' will under the Constitu-
tion. And it is for that Senate, on their
solemn oaths, to judge upon the state of facts
thus presented. I hold and shall—I may say
that the country holds—that every ofiicer ought
to continue in office upon that tenure alone,
except possibly judges, who are the only excep-
tions, that they are removable by the repre 
sentatives of the people upon such misbehavior
in office as the people shall deem sufficient.
Now, with the full sense of all the responsi-
bilities that are upon me, knowing that I speak
in the face of the nation, I can inform the gen-
tleman from New York of one piece of testi-
mony that can be brought on oath before the
Committee en the Judiciary. I do not say it
has yet been brought before them ; but I say
there is a piece of testimony that can be pro-
duced showing a gross abuse of the pardoning
power by the President. A claim agent in
West Virginia last year conceived the idea of
having a large number of deserters from the
Army of the United States pardoned, in order
that he might obtain large gains from pressing
their claims for their forfeited bounties and pay
before the War Department. He took from the
returns of the adjutant general of that State a
list of one hundred and ninety-three deserters,
forty onty of whom he knew anything about;
all the rest were unknown to him, except that
they stood upon the rolls marked " deserters."
He went to the Democratic candidate in one
of the congressional districts of West Vir-
ginia 
Mr. WOOD. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. BUTLER. Certainly.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to ask the gentleman,
while he is so ready to produce evidence to
show an abuse of the pardoning power, which
he deems a sufficient cause for impeachment,
why does he not add to that an expos6 of the
lost leaves of Booth's diary?
Mr. BUTLER. I do not fully hear the
question of the gentleman.
Mr. WOOD. I ask the gentleman why ho
does not submit to the country, and especially
to the Committee on the Judiciary, the very
important testimony which was lost when the
leaves were torn out of Booth's diary? I think
from the intimations of the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] in reference to
that subject, some one, whether in liis party or
not I will not say, whether in this House or at
the other end of the avenue I will not say, has
been guilty of an outrage of much greater
magnitude than an abuse of the pardoning
power.
Mr. BUTLER. I will endeavor to answer
the gentleman if I have time. Let me finish
the statement I was making.
This claim agent in West Virginia called
upon the Democratic candidate to state that
if he could get these one hundred and ninety-
three men pardoned they would vote the Dem-
ocratic ticket in the last election, and as the
district was likely to be close their votes would
probably clect him. Thereupon the candidate
wrote a letter to the President of the United
States, which letter was sent to him.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 rise to a question of
order. The point of order which I wish to
state is this: the gentleman now occupying the
Speaker's chair [Mr. Boutwell] is aware of
Ahe fact that the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] has been permitted to come
before the Committee on the Judiciary and ex-
amine a witness. The Chair is also aware that
the injunction of secresy has been imposed
upon that committee. Now, I insist that, hav-
ing been admitted before ihem by the courtesy
of the committee, the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Bctler] has no right to comment
upon the facts he is now giving to the House ;
he has no right to disclose any fact or statement
which occurred before that committee.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
cannot sustain the point of order raised by the
gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldridge,]
because the House has taken no action in that
respect upon the proceedings before the com-
mittee.
Mr. BUTLER. I am careful not to state
anything as having taken place before the
Committee on the Judiciary. What I am now
stating I know outside of the committee. But
if the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eld-
ridge] chooses to tell the House that any such
testimony as I am stating has been taken by
the Committee on the Judiciary, it is he and
not I who is making the revelation of what
was dose in committee.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I insist
that I have not disclosed anything that occurred
before the committee; but I have raised the j
question of order thai the gentleman from I
Massachusetts, having been before the com-
mittee, and having had the privilege of exam-
ining witnesses [Mr. Butler. A witness] has
no right to state the facts which appeared be-
fore the committee. Does the gentleman allege
that these facts which he is stating did not
come to his knowledge before the committee?
Mr. BUTLER. I say to the gentleman from
Wisconsin that these facts came to my knowl-
edge before I was ever in the room of the
Judiciary Committee, or else perhaps ho never
would have known anything about them till he
hears the statement to the House the present
time. He is the man who discloses what has
been done in the Judiciary Committee when he
says that I was before it. I have not said any
word of what was done before the committee.
The gentleman must keep the secrets of his
own committee; I will not disclose them.
Now, I say again that that letter was sent
to the President of the United States, saying
that the district was close, and that if these
men were pardoned they would vote the Dem-
ocratic ticket and thus carry the district. With
it was sent a copy of the list of deserters to
the President of the United States, and there-
upon every one of these one. hundred and
ninety-three men was restored to the roll and
thus entitled to claim his pay and allowances,
which they had forfeited by desertion ; and the
pay and allowances, in the judgment of those
who have investigated the subject, exceed the
sum of seventy-five thousand dollars.
Now, sir, I will explain to the House how
I came to know anything about this matter;
for, sir, I am no volunteer. The House did
not seem to desire-me to take any part in de-
veloping the evidence bearing on this impeach-
ment, and I have let the House and its com-
mittee take care of itself in that regard. But,
sir, I happen to be a member of the board of
managers of the National Asylum for Disabled
Soldiers ; by the choice of my fellow-managers
I am president of that board. The fund which
Congress has appropriated to the support^of
our disabled soldiers in that institution consists
of the fines and forfeitures suffered by desert-
ers ; and when I was looking after that fund,
as was my duty to do, I found that without
evidence to sustain him, without examination,
the President of the United States, for politi-
cal reasons, had taken $75,000 of that fund
which the managers of this institution, of
which he was one ex officio, were to administer
for the benefit of the disabled heroes of the
war, and had turned it over to the deserters
from the Army, on the understanding only that
they should vote the Democratic ticket. Learn-
ing this fact, sir, I felt bound to pursue thi3
investigation ; and the testimony which I have
now in substance given to the House has been
given upon the oath of a brevet brigadier gen-
eral of the Army of the United States.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. Will
the gentleman from Massachusetts be kind
enough to tell the House to which district of
West Virginia his remarks has reference?
Mr. BUTLER. The district represented by
Mr. Kitchen. Oh, sir, I have 110 concealment.
Mr. H.UBBARD, of West Virginia. I 3nly
want to get at the facts for the benefit of his-
tory, and more particularly of West Virginia.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BUTLER. All right, sir; the gentle-
man shall have them all. He is welcome to
anything that I can do in this regard for the
benefit of West Virginia or any other place.
Now, sir, let me state one fact further, be-
cause I have nothing to conceal about this
matter—I am speaking upon sworn testimony;
if it is not true, let it be investigated. I never
brought out any of these facts bearing on im-
peachment except when I have been much
enforced—
"Like the flint which shows a hasty spark.
And straight is cold again."
Mr. WOOD. Will the gentleman permit me
to ask him whether, according to this testimony
or within his own knowledge, the President
had personal cognizance of these facts?
Mr. BUTLER. I will state what the test.i-
