452
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marcli 29,
and do recommend, as follows to their respective
Houses:
That the House recede from their first amendment
and agree to the second section of the bill, with the
following amendment:
Add to the second section the following:
And the newspapers in the ten rebellious States
named in section seven of an act making appropria-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30,1868, and for other purposes,
which have been or may bo designated in pursuance
of the provisions of said section for the publication
of the public laws and treaties of the United States,
shall publish the public laws and treaties of the
Thirty-Ninth Congress, authentio copies of which it
shall be the duty of the Secretary of State to furnish
as soon as possible after receiving notice of such des-
ignation. And there is hereby appropriated out of
the Treasury from any moneys not otherwise appro-
priated a sum sufficient to pay for such service: pro-
vided, That the accounts therefor shall be settled in
the usual manner; and the compensation shall not
exceed the rate fixed in section seven aforesaid.
That the House agree to the third amendment of
the Senate to the fourth amendment of the House.
That the House agree to the fourth amendment of
the Senate to the fourth amendment of the House,
with an amendment as follows:
In line nine of said fourth amendment of the Sen-
ate strike out the word "twenty" and insert in lieu
thereof the word "fifteen."
THADDEUS STEVENS.
CHARLES A. ELDRIDOE,
Managers on the part of the House.
LOT M. MORRILL,
GEORGE F. EDMUNDS,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. NIBLACK. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]
whether lie has given attention to the question
of the cost of publishing the laws in the man-
ner proposed by section seven of the appropri-
ation bill to' which this amendment refers;
whether he has compared the probable cost
of publishing the laws in this way with the
amounts we have heretofore paid for similar
services? I am told by gentlemen who have
examined the matter that under this amend-
ment to the seventh section of the civil appro-
priation bill the Government will be obliged
to pay about twelve times the amount which is
now paid for publishing the laws and treaties
of the United States.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman be kind enough to inform me by
what language in the bill the compensation is
increased at all ?
Mr. NIBLACK. The increased expense
results, I understand, from the different manner
in which the pay is estimated. I am informed
that under this bill the payment for publica-
tion will be computed by the document page,
while by the law heretofore existing it is com-
puted in some different manner. I desire to
call the gentleman's attention to the point.
If he has not investigated it, I think it is
worthy of investigation.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. We have
taken care in the proviso to limit the rato of
payment to what has heretofore been paid for
such service. Any increased expense is dis-
tinctly guarded against The gentleman, I
presume, has been misinformed, perhaps by
some one who had looked at the provision
before its form was finally agreed upon. The
language was at one time, I believe, capable
of a latitude of construction which might have
allowed an increase in the rate of payment;
but I think the gentleman will find on exam-
ination that the provision as now agreed upon
will prevent anything of that kind.
As to the rate of payment to newspapers in
this District, we have fixed it precisely as it
was before. Although there were some sug-
gestions that we ought to increase the rate, we
have not done so. I think the gentleman from
Indiana will find that he has been misin-
formed.
Mr. NIBLACK. I am not prepared to
make any positive statement in regard to the
matter. I am not myself a practical printer,
and do not understand the manner in which
the payment for this sort of work is com-
puted.
At all events, sir, I understand that it is
proposed to go back and publish the laws of
the Thirty-Ninth Congress in full. This will
involve a heavy expense.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. In the
rebel States it goes back to the treaties and
laws of the Thirty-Ninth Congress not already
published. Some of these laws which the gen-
tleman speaks of the citizens of that part of
the country would feel a particular interest in.
It was thought proper that they should have a
knowledge of these laws. I now call for the
previous question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I think a misapprehen-
sion exists in regard to a statement made by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania. He was
understood to state that the bill provides for
the publication of the laws of the Thirty-Ninth
Congress, with this addition, "not yet pub-
lished." If the gentleman from Pennsylvania
made that statement, and he was so under-
stood, he is mistaken. Those words are not
in the bill.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. They are
not in the bill; but no one supposes they are to
be published a second time.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. A different officer is
required by this bill to designate the papers in
which they are to be published.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. The Sec-
retary of State is required to furnish authentic
copies of such papers.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I see nothing in the bill
that will limit the officer to the publication
only of those laws not already published. The
bill will give him power to publish all the laws
and treaties of the Thirty-Ninth Congress.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. The Sec-
retary of State is specially required to furnish
copies under this designation. I now insist on
the demand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the report of the committee of
conference was adopted.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the report of the
committee of conference was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move that when the
House adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet at
ten o'clock to-morrow morning. I think this
precaution is necessary.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I understand the last
claim any one could think of has gone through.
If that is so, there is no necessity of meeting
before twelve o'clock.
The SPEAKER. The motion to adjourn is
not debatable.
Mr. BINGHAM. Has a resolution been
received from the Senate to adjourn overuntil
next July ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not. It
would have been reported from the Clerk's
desk.
Mr. BINGHAM. They provide if no quo-
rum be found on the first roll-call the adjourn-
ment shall be without day. I hope we will
wait until that resolution comes here.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask for a vote on my
motion.
The SPEAKER. Itwill require a two-thirds
vote on a suspension of the rules to change
the hour of meeting from twelve o'clock m. to
ten a. m.
The House refused to suspend the rules.
IMPEACHMENT—AGAIN.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I rise to a ques-
tion of privilege, and submit the preamble and
resolution which I send to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follow.s:
Whereas upon charges preferred in the House of
Representatives ofthe'Thirty-Ninth Congress against
the President of the United States, of high crimes
and misdemeanors alleged to have been committed
by him $athe execution of his official trust, the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary of the said House, to which
the same was referred, did report that for want of
sufficient time they were unable to conclude their
investigation, but that upon the facts disclosed it was
in their judgment required and demanded that the
inquiry should be prosecuted to a conclusion by the
present Congress; and whereas, in accordance with
the said opinion,, this House did commit the said
subject anew to its Committee on the Judiciary,
which is now diligently engaged in the examination
thereof; and whereas, in view of the report and
recommendation of the Judiciary Committee of the
last House, it would be dangerous to the public in-
terest, and failure of duty on the part of the present
Congress, to adjourn^ and abdicate its practical eon-'
trol over the administration of the government by
surrendering its destinies in the present critical con-
dition of affairs into th e hands of an officer thus im-
peached before the nation, and well known not only
to be hostile to the policy of its Congress, and to
entertain the opinion that all the acts of that Con-
gress looking to a restoration of the Union are un-
constitutional : Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary he
requested to report on the charges preferred against
the President, as aforesaid, on the first day of the
meeting of the House after the recess hereafter to be
determined.
The SPEAKER. The Committee on the
Judiciary have a right to report at any time,
and as this commands them to report, the
Chair will rule that it will require a two-thirds
vote.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I modify the
resolution so as to say "requested" instead
of "directed," and demand the previous
question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would inquire of the
Chair whether that will require the Judiciary
Committee to make a final report or only such
progress as they have made ?
The SPEAKER. The resolution explains
itself; it is a request to report on the first day
of the adjourned session. The Clerk will re-
port the resolution.
The resolution was again reported.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I raise the question of
order that this resolution does not require a
modification from "instruct" to "request" in
ocder to carry it by a majority.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will arrest the
remark for the reason that the gentleman is
not the author of the resolution. The gentle-
man from Kansas has modified his own resolu-
tion and demands the previous question.
On seconding the previous question, there
were—ayes 45, noes 37; no quorum voting.
The Chair ordered tellers; and appointed
Messrs. Ci-akke, of Kansas, and Humphrey.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 50, noes 31.
So the previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
Mr. ROBINSON. I move to lay the reso-
lution on the table, and on that I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 38, ng,ys 63, not voting
03 ; as follows i "*
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Bingham, Blair, Brooks,
Buckland, Burr, Chanler, Reader W. Clarke, Cornell,
Denison, Eldridge, Ferriss, Fields, Getz, Glossbren-
ner,'Griswold, Holman, Chester D. Hubbard, Hum-
phrey, Kerr, Ketcham, Laflin, Marshall, Marvin,
Morrissey, Mungen, Niblaek, Nicholson, Phelps,
Plants, Robinson, Ross, Sitgreaves, Stewart, Taber,
van Auken, Van Trump, and Wood—38.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison. James M. Ashley, Baker,
Benton, Boutwell, Broomall, Butler, Cake, Churchill,
Sidney Clarke, Coburn, Cook, Covode, Cullom, Don-
nelly, Driggs, Eckley, Bggleston, Bla, Farnsworth,
Garfield, Gravely, Ilalsey, Hamilton, Hayes, Hooper,
Hopkins. Hulburd, Ingersoll, Judd. Kelley. Koontz,
William Lawrence, Loan, Logan, Loughridge, Mal-
lory, McClurg,. Mercur, Miller, JVIorrell, Myers,
O'Neill, Perham, Pile, Polsley, Robertson. Sawyer,
Schenck, Scofield, Shanks, Thaddeus Stevens, Taylor,
Trowbridge, Upson, Robert T. Van Horn, Ward,
Welker, Thomas Williams, William Williams, John
T. Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—63.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, DelosR.
Ashley, Baldwin, Banks, Barnes, Bcaman, Benjamin,
Blaine, Boyer, Bromwell.Cobb, Dawes, Dodge, Eliot,
Ferry, Finney, Fox, Haigkt, Harding, Hill. Asahel
W. Hubbard, Hunter, Julian, Kolsey, Kitchen,
George V. Lawrence, Lincoln, Lynch, McCarthy,
MeCullough, Moore, Moorhead, Morgan, Newcomb,
Noell, Orth, Paine, Peters, Pike, Poland, Pomeroy,
Price, Pruyn, Randall, Raum, Selye, Shellabarger,
Smith, Spalding, Aaron i\ Stevens, Stone, Taffc,
Thomas, Twitchell, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn,
Van Wyck, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Henry D.
Washburn, William B. Washburn, James F. Wilson,
and Stephen F. Wilson—63.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
The resolution was then agreed to.
_ Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The question recurred on the adoption of the
preamble.
