1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
453
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I demand the
previous question.
Mr. GARFIELD. I hope the preamble,
■tfhich is inconsequential, will-not be adopted.
On seconding the previous question, there
were—ayes 37, noes 46.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Clarke, of Kansas, and Gab-
field.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 36, noes 50.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. .GARFIELD. I only desire to say that
it seems to me, as we have now passed the sub-
stantial proposition which the gentleman has
offered by a Vote which manifestly expresses
the sentiment of the House, it is improper for
us to adopt a long preamble, reciting facts and
in a quasi way committing the House to a prop-
osition that ought not to be acted upon until
the report of the committee is made.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. Will the gentle-
man permit me to ask him a question ?
Mr. GARFIELD. Certainly.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I desire to ask
the gentleman if he can name a single state-
ment in this preamble which is not justified by
the facts?
Mr. GARFIELD. I wish to state generally
upon this subject that when I came here to
take my seat at the last session of Congress, 1
was ready, in case the House desired it, to pro-
ceed to a consideration of the question and de-
termine what action should be taken in refer-
ence to the President of the United States.
But after mature deliberation this House' re-
solved to refer the whole subject to one of its
standing committees, in order that there might
be a complete and thorough examination of
the question. From that moment forward I
laid the whole matter by, awaiting the action
of that committee. Since that time I have
not taken it up even in my own mind for in-
vestigation. I have been unwilling since that
time to give a vote upon the subject until I
heard from the committee.
Whenever that committee shall make its
report, I shall be ready to consider it and act
upon my personal responsibility in regard to it.
But I object to being forced to vote upon any
resolution drawn up and offered by any mem-
ber which shall foreshadow a decision of the
question or intimate any particular decision
one way or the other to which we should come.
I would not to-day vote that Andrew Johnson
ought to be impeached, nor would I vote that
he ought not to be impeached, for the very
reason that we have committed that question
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and 1 think
we are bound in a judicial way to wait for their
report.
I object that a resolution very brief and vel;y
proper shall have so long a tail to it as this
preamble. I very strongly suspect that this
tail was the object of the gentleman rather
than the resolution itself. I was willing to
give him his resolution ; I voted for it. And
I am entirely willing to vote for the first two
whereases of this preamble if the gentleman
desires to deal in that article, for they_ merely
recite the history of this case up to this time.
But when he comes to the last whereas, which
declares that the President is impeached by
the American people, I am unwilling to vote
for it until I hear what our committee, to
whom was referred this whole subject, has to
say in the premises. I am willing the first
two whereases shall stand if the gentleman
from Kansas will consent to strike out the last
one. I am willing to compromise with him
on that. If he will not consent to that I shall
move to lay the whole preamble on the table.
We are to pass resolutions, not to obtain credit
for long speeches in the way of preambles.
I now yield for a few minutes to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler. J
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. NIBLACK. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment? .
Mr. BUTLER. For a question; certainly.
Mr. NIBLACK. I only desire to say, that
after having given this subject a great deal of
attention as a listener merely, for I have said
but little upon it, I have come to the deliberate
conclusion that we are very badly demoralized,
not only upon the impeachment question, but
upon the question of adjournment. And I feel
very anxious as to what will be the result.
Mr. UPSON. The gentleman says "-we are
very badly demoralized." I suppose "we"
means the gentlemen on his side of the House.
Mr. BUTLER. I want to read these objec-
tionable whereases sentence by sentence, espe-
cially the last one, and see what there is so
very bad in them:
And whereas in view of the report and recom-
mendation of the Judiciary Committee of tlio last
House it would bo dangerous to the public interest
and a failure of duty on the part of the presentCon-
gress to adjourn and abdicate its practical ooutrol
over the administration of the Government—
Let us stop here for a moment. Does any-
body vote against that who is an earnest man
on this subject of impeachment ? " In view of
the report of our committee and the past action
of the House, it would be dangerous to adjourn
and abdicate our control over the destinies
of this country." That is all the preamble
amounts to thus far. What else does it say ?
Over the administration of tho Government, by
surrendering its destinies in tho present critical con-
dition of affairs into tho hands of an officor thus im-
peached.
"Thus impeached." That is, impeached by
the report of our committee, so far as it does
so. Not impeached in the judgment of any-
body in the House, but " thus impeached" by
the report. That is the proposition—
Before the nation, and well known not only to bo
hostile to the policy of its Congress.
S^r, let me look in tho face of any gentleman
who desires to vote that Andrew J ohnson is not
"well known to be hostile to the policy of
Congress." Such a man would be a curiosity.
But to entertain tho opinion that nil tho acts of
Congress looking to the restoration of tho Union aro
unconstitutional.
Does not Andrew Johnson "entejtain the
opinion that all the acts of Congress looking
to restoration are unconstitutional ?" Then we
say in the preamble only that by the judgment
of the committee and by the action of the House
we have so far impeached him that we think it
is not safe for us to abdicate and thus trust the
interests of this great nation to his control.
Now, sir, if there is any one who is ot all
tender-footed on this question—and I know
that my friend from Ohio [Mr. Garfield]
never is so on any subject—I ask him to think
upon it. So far as Andrew J&hnson has been
impeached by the action of our committee,
and so far as the action of Congress in coming
together here at this session declares that An-
drew Johnson is not to be trusted with control,
in so far do we declare that we cannot surren-
der the control of the destinies of this country
into the hands of one who believes that every
act of this Congress is unconstitutional.
Why, sir, if Andrew Johnson is the bold
man that lie is claimed to be, if he is a man
of any executive ability, if he has any con-
science, what is his duty when this Congress
adjourns? He says he believes that all our
reconstruction acts are unconstitutional, and
therefore void; and it is his duty, if he is in
earnest ^,nd is bold enough to do it, if he is
conscientious in his belief that they are uncon-
stitutional, it is his duty as one of the coordi-
nate branches of the Government, haying a
right to construe the Constitution for himself
just as much as we have the right to construe
it for ourselves, to withdraw from the South
all the troops put there under onr unconstitu-
tional acts and turn over the control ot aflairs
to the State governments which he .has inau-
gurated and which he believes to be constitu-
tional, saying, "I will submit this matter to
the Supreme Court. I &s the Executive; I as
a part of the legislative power of the country,
have the right to deal with this matter of the
constitutionality of the law until I am over-
ruled by the Judiciary; and believing upon
my conscience and before my God that these
acts are Unconstitutional, it is my duty to inter-
pose between an unconstitutional military gov-
ernment and the true constitutional civil gov-
ernments which I have set up "
_ I do not know whether the President is
either bold enough or conscientious enough to.
take that position ; but if he is sincere in the
convictions which he has announced, and if-he
follows the dictates of his conscience, this ia
what he would do. And we propose to abdi-
cate and give him an opportunity to do it.
And my friend from Ohio—for a good reason
no doubt, because he never dbes anything
except for what to his mind appears a good
reason—declares that we ought thus to abdi-
cate our place and power.
Why, sir, without the preamble the resolu-
tion means nothing. The resolution reads:
Resolved, That the committee report on the acts of
the President aforesaid.
Strike out the preamble, and to what "acts
aforesaid" does the resolution refer? With-
out the preamble the resolution is unmeaning.
My friend from Ohio has used the comparison
of a "tail." Let me say that this resolution
without the preamble is the tail with the body
gone, the head gone, everything gone but the
tail, and this tail about as useless as the sec-
ond tail to a cat. You must have some pre-
amble.
I did not write a word of this resolution; I
was not consulted upon its form; but I am
always ready to adopt good doctrine wherever
I find it; and I trust that if we are in earnest;
if we mean what we say; if we aro not afraid
to act boldly and firmly ; if we do not want to
fritter away our rights; if we do not desire to
make our acts and words agree by puckering
a little here and stretching a little there, as a
little girl does her patch-work to make it fit,
rather than take our stand upon an independ-
ent and high position, 1 hope we shall meet
| this question as legislators, boldly, clearly,
fully, saying that this man is so far impeached
as we find him to be. If we do not dare to
say that, then we ought to go quietly home,
and say that we have not impeached him at
all, that we have nothing to say on this sub-
ject, but that he stands acquitted.
One thing further, and I will be much obliged
to my friend for the time he has given me. He
says he came here with his mind made up on
this question of impeachment, but sinee it has
gone to the Judiciary Committee he has not
any opinion on the subject. I know my friend
will not understand me as saying anything per-
sonal to himself, because his mind is never
operated upon except by good impulses._ A
good many of us came here with our minds
made up on this question of impeachment, but
since we came here we have had our minds
changed. Some from proper motives, like my
friend from Ohio, and some of us because the
further we get from our constituents the less
we stand up straight and the more we sink
down weak in the knees. I want the gentle-
man to understand in every form; I do not be-
lieve it of him, but I do believe it of whomso-
ever the description fits; If any gentleman
takes it up, we will know that it fits him.
Mr. Speaker, let us stand up as wc did before
our constituents. If I went before my constit-
uents and said I would do a thing, as did some
gentlemen, I would do it if it took my right
hand. I know my friend would also do what
he promised. I hope we will not vote down the
preamble and say to the country after all we are
afraid when we come to face the real issue.
Mr. GARFIELD. In the first place, Mr.
Speaker, the gentleman from Massachusetts
reads from this preamble the statement which
I propose to strike 'out, that it is dangerous for
this Congress to adjourn ; and he wants to
know if any one doubts that it is. I answer
that this House, less than half an hour ago
voted, by 96 to 26, it was not dangerous to
adjourn, and they voted they should adjourn
to-morrow. Now, if the gentleman's view is
that it is dangerous, he only differs with three
fourths of the House of Representatives.
That is my answer to his first statement;
