1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
457
on the part of the Senate or of the Military
Committee or .of the House of Representatives
in the capacity and faithfulness of those mem:
bers of the Committee on Retrenchment who-
have this matter in charge, then it is very
proper to pass this resolution, and the members
of that committee who are thus reflected upon
will of course have it in their power to relieve
themselves from any further labor in that direc-
tion by resigning theii- place. As it is, I cannot
see the benefit of having a double inquiry with
double power to send for persons and papers,
double power to appoint clerks, have officers,
expend money on precisely the same subject.
Mr. "WILSON. X will say that what the
Senator refers to had not escaped my attention,
but the very men who did that are pressing the
appointment of this committee. They pressed
it on me yesterday, and are doing it to-day. I
have no doubt that this is the proper way to
treat the subject. I think the other course
adopted by the House was very improper, and
I have no doubt that if this committee is
ordered the joint Committee on Retrenchment
will stop its inquiry on this matter as it should
stop. 1 know no reason, indeed, why that
committee should have the care of a matter of
this kind.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ought to have said be-
fore, perhaps, so as to be entirely understood,
that this branch of inquiry which was commit-
ted to the joint Com in; I tee on Retrenchment
is one with which I have no connection. I am
not on that sub-committee, but I think it but
just to the subject that the two Houses should
not be running parallels of this description.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, asamended, was agreed to—
ayes eighteen, noes not counted.
Messrs. Howard, Cameron, and Diukb were
subsequently appointed the committee on the
part of the Senate.
condensed reports.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I offer a resolution,
and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing be au-
thorized to enter into a contract, in the name of the
Senate, with Richard Sutton, to furnish condensed
or synoptical reports of tho proceedings .and debates
of the Senate, the same to bo free to the press of tho
country, or to any authorized agency thereof; such
contract to contiijuc for a period not exceeding one
year, and to be submitted to the Senate for approval-.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to the resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it lies over under the rule.
death of senator riddle.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I ask leave to with-
draw the concurrent resolution I offered a few
moments ago, and I present in place of it the
following:
RetolvedbythcSmale of the United, States, (tho House
of Representatives concurring,) That a joint commit-
tee be appointed, consisting of three members of the
Senate ami fire members ot the House, to attend the
remains of Hon. Geokgf. Read Riddle, late a mem-
ber of the Senate, to his home.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to; and Messrs. Davis,
Ramsey^ and Nye were appointed the com-
mittee on the part of the Senate.
adjournment of congress.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to report from the
committee of conference on the subject of ad-
journment of the two Houses that they could
not agree. I present the papers, and move
that they lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
business bei'ore committees.
Mr. EDMUNDS submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That all subjects before the-Senate at the
close of the present session, including those before
committees, shall be continued to the next session,
and shall then be proceeded ^ f ^ken
ner as if no adjournment of the Senate naa taKen
lyiace' and the papers which ha\ e been reierrcu to
the committees, an a m ay be in their possession at the
/%-f ^ho.11 be returned informally to
•the Secretary, and by him restored to the committees
When appointed at the next session.
suffrage to colored citizens.
Mr. SUMNER. I desire to give notiee that
I shall on tho first Wednesday of July ask the
Senate to proceed with the consideration of
Senate bill:No. 115, being a bill to enforce the
several provisions of the Constitution abolish-
ing slavery, declaring the immunities of citi-
zens, and guarantying a republican form of
government by securing the elective franchise
to colored citizens.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator had better
add '' or some subsequent day.'' [Laughter. ]
Mr.-SUMNER. I beg the Senate to take
notice that there will be a session on the first
Wednesday of July to proceed with business.
I have reason to believe that there will be a
quorum here on that occasion, for there will
be important public business that must be
attended to.
papers withdrawn.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, it was
Ordered, That tho Committeo on Claims be dis-
charged from thefurther consideration of tho petition
of Reddiclc McICee, and that ho have leave to with-
draw his petition and papers.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, it
was
Ordered, That Albert Groenloaf have leave to with-
draw his petition and papers.
agricultural college in nebraska.
On motion of Mr. THAYER, the bill (S.
No. 86) extending to the State of Nebraska the
provisions of an act relating to agricultural col-
leges was considered as in Committee of tho
Whole. It provides that the grant made by law
of the 2d day of July, 18G2, to each State of
land equal to thirty thousand acres for each
of its Senators and Representatives in Con-
gress, for the purpose of 'establishing agricul-
tural colleges, shall be extended to the State
of Nebraska in the same manner as if Nebraska
had been a State of the Union at the date of
the passage of that law.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed i'or a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
house chaplain.
Mr. ROMEROY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House joint
resolution No. 22, for the payment of Mr.
Boynton, the Chaplain of the House of Rep-
resentatives.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution (Ii. R. No. 22) to authorize the
payment of Rev. C. B. Boynton, as Chaplain
* f the House of Representatives of the For-
tieth Congress, was considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
The resolution, as passed by the House of
Representatives, provided that Rev. Charles
B. Boynton is authorized to draw the amount
appropriated to the payment of the Chaplain
of the House for the Fortieth Congress, and
that a sum sufficient to pay him the usual sal-
ary for the present fiscal year should bo appro-
priated out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
The Committee on Appropriations proposed
to amend so as to read:
That Rev. Charles B. Boyntox is authorized to
draw the amount appropriated by an act entitled
"An act making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Government
for the year ending tho 30th of June, 1868, to the
payment of the Chaplain of tho House for the For-
tieth Congress.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendments be
engrossed and the resolution read a third time.
The joint resolution was read the third time,
and passed.
executive session.
' On motion of Mr. POMEROY, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business; and after some time spent therein
the doors were reopened.
message ip.om the house.
A message from the House of Represents-
.fcjsJBr. McPher'son, its-Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the .resolution of
the Senate to suspend the sixteenth and seven-
teenth joint rules for the residue of the session.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the bill (5. No. 114) amend-
atory of the organic act of Colorado territory.
enrolled resolution signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
joint resolution (S. R. No. 35) to authorize
the Commanding General of the Army to per-
mit traders to remain at military posts ; and it
was thereupon signed by the President pro tem-
pore of the Senate.
lighting or streets oe washington.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to take up the
joint resolution that I introduced yesterday on
the subjcct of lighting the'streets of Washing-
ton.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (S. R." No. 67)
relative to lighting the streets of Washington
city, District of Columbia. _ ,
As tho mayor of Washington has given notice
that the arrangements now in force for lighting
the streets of the city are to cease at the end
of the present month, and as it is necessary
for the comfort and protection of the law-abid-
ing citizens of the city that the street lamps
shall continue to be lighted, as they now are,
twenty-one nights in each month, from dark
until daylight, in accordance with the provis-
ions of an act of Congress entitled ''An act
making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government," approved July
28, I860, the resolution authorizes tho Secre-
tary of the Interior, in ease of tho failure of the
municipal authorities of Washington city_ to
carry out the present arrangements for lighting
the streets of the city, to levy and collect a tax
from the property-holders of Washington suffi-
cient to defray the expenses of lighting the
streets of tho city twenty-one nights in each
month, from dark until daylight.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate wi'thout amendment, and ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is a resolution which
I have seen on our tables, but it appears to me
it ought not to pass. It provides that there
shall be loss light in the streets than there used
to be to save gas. It is dark enough as it is.
We can hardly get along now.
Mr. HARLAN. This resolution provides
that the light shall be continued.
Mr. J OHNSON. I do not object to it, then.
The joint resolution was read the third time,
and passed.
voting places is washington.
Mr. WILLEY. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
121, authorizing and requiring the judges of
election in the city of Washington, in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to designate and establish
voting places therein.
The motion was agreod to \ and the bill was
read a- second tiroe> and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It requires the judges
of election in the city of Washington to desig-
nate and establish in each ward in the city
so many voting places as shall enable all the
voters therein conveniently to cast their votes
on the same day at any election which shall
be held therein.
Mr. HOWARD. I would inquire of the hon-
orable Senator from West Virginia how many
voting places there are now in the city of Wash-
ington? 1 inquire merely for information.
Mr. WILLEY. I understand that in some
of the wards there arc sufficient voting places
to accommodate the voters; but in one or two
wards, the number of which I have forgotten
now, there are but two voting places, as I un-
derstand, and that is not sufficient—so it is
represented from satisfactory sources-—to en-
able all the voters to cast their votes on the
game day conveniently.
