458
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
Mr. HOWARD. Is there more tir&a one
voting place in each ward ?
Mr. WILLEY. There are one or two wards
that have more than one voting- place.
Mr. HO WARD.* Is there any ward in which
there is no voting place ?
Mr. WILLEY. No, sir ; this bill simply
authorizes the judges of election, who are
appointed by the supreme court of the District
of Columbia, to designate and appoint a suffi-
cient number of voting places to enable all the
voters to cast their votes.
Mr. HOWARD. That is right.
_ Mr. BUCKALEW. I wish to ask a ques-
tion. Under the present law I should like_to
understand how the places of election are desig-
nated. What has been the authority?
Mr. HARLAN. I can say for the informa-
tion of the Senator from Pennsylvania that this
makes no change in the existing law, except
that it authorizes these officers to increase the
number of voting places.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The judges of election
are to make the change?
Mr. HARLAN. It authorizes the same offi-
cers who were previously authorized to con-
trol the subject.
Mr. BUtiKALEW. I never before hea.rd
that judges of election had anythingto do with
fixing the places of election.
Mr. HARLAN. That is the provision of
the charter of the city.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Then I have nothing
to say about it.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
message from tiie house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that, the House had passed the bill (S. No. 6-1)
to provide in part for grading the public grounds,
and for other purposes.
The message further announced that the
House had agreed to the amendment of the
Senate to the concurrent resolution of the
House providing for the appointment of a joint
Committee on Ordnance.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills ; which were thereupon signed by the
President pro tempore of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 04) to provide in part for
grading the public grounds, and for other pur-
poses ;
A bill (S. No. 114) amendatory of the or-
ganic act of Colorado Territory ; and
A bill (II. R. No. 7'J) to authorize the ap-
pointment of certain watchmen, and for other
purposes.
special session 01? tiie senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, laid before
the Senate the following proclamation of the
President of the United States :
Ey the President of the United States of America:
a Proclamation.
Whereas objects of interest to the United States
require that the Senate should be convened at twelve
o'clock on Monday, the first day of April next, to
receive and act upon such communications as may
be inado to it on the part of the Executive:
Now, therefore, I, Andrew Johnson, President of
the United Stales, have considered it to be my duty
to issue this my proclamation, declaring that an ex-
traordinary occasion requires the Senate of the Uni-
ted States to convene for the transaction of businoss
at the Capitol, in the city of Washington, on Mon-
day, the first day of April next, at twelve o'clock, on
that day, of which all who shall at that time be enti-
tled to act as members of that body are hereby re-
quired to take notice.
Given under my hand and the seal of the United
States, at Washington, thcthirtieth day of-
r , March, in the year of our Lord one thousand
ibiiAn.j eight hundred and sixty-seven, and of the
independenceol the United States ef America
the ninety-first,
ANDKEW JOHNSON.
By the President:
William IX. Seward, Secretary of State,
message from tiie house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R- No.
107) to establish certain post roads, m which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the bill (S. No. 86) extend-
ing to the State of Nebraska the provisions of
an act relating to agricultural colleges, and
the bill (S. No. 122) for the support m part ot
the National Soldiers' and Sailors' Orphan
Home.
enrolled resolution signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
joint resolution (H. R. No. 22) to authorize
the payment of Rev. C. B. Boynton as Chap-
lain of the House of Representatives of the
Fortieth Congress; and it was thereupon signed
by the President pro tempore of the Senate.
notification to tiie president.
Mr. MORGAN submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to : ,
Resolved, That a committee consisting of two mem-
bers be appointed on the part of the Senate to join
such committee as may bo appointed on the part of
the House of Representatives to wait upon the Pres-
ident of the United States, and to inform him that
unless he may have some further communication to
make, the two Houses of Congress, having finished
the business before them, are ready to adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Morgan and Mr. Hendricks as the com-
mittee on the part of the Senate.
post roads.
The bill (II. R. No. 107) to establish certain
post roads was read twice by its title.
Mr. RAMSEY. I ask to have that bill put
on its passage.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
rills become laws.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Moore, his Secretary, announced
that he had this day approved and signed the
following bills and joint resolutions:
■ A bill (S. No. 64) to provide in part for
grading the public grounds, and for other pur-
poses ;
A bill (S. No. 99) for the relief of Richard
Busteed, jr.;
A bill (S. No. 100) supplementary to an act
for the relief of Hiram Paulding, rear admiral
of the United States Navy;
A bill (S. No. 114) amendatory of the organic
act of Colorado Territory;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 41) for the
purchase of land adjoining the navy-yard at
Brooklyn, New York;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 51) authorizing
the transfer of certain funds and providing for
the purchase of seeds and their distribution in
the southern States; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 53) relating to
the transportation of troops by the Isthmus
route to the Pacific States and Territories.
message from tiie house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had appointed Mr. R.C. Schenck
of Ohio, Mr. J. A. Loran of Illinois, and Mr.
B. F. Butler of Massachusetts, the special
Committee on Ordnance on the part of the
House.
The message further announced that the
House concurred in the resolution of the Senate
for the appointment of a committee to wait upon
the President of the United States and inform
him that if ho had no further communication
to make Congress was ready to adjourn, and
had appointed Mr. A. H. Laflin and Mr. James
Brooks the committee on the part of the House.
The message further announced that the
House had agreed to the resolution of the Sen-
ate for the appointment of a committee to
accompany the remains of Senator Riddle.
enrolled dills signed.
Themessage also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled bill (S.
No. 86) extending to the State of Nebraska the
provisions of an act relating to agricultural
colleges, and the bill (S. No. 122) for the sup-
port in part of the National Soldiers' and Sail-
ors' Orphan Home in the District of Columbia;
and they were thereupon signed by the Presi-
dent pro tempore of the Senate.
executive session.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I move that the Senate
resolve itself into executive session.
The motion was agreed to ; and after some
time spent in the consideration of executive
business, the doors were again opened.
adjournment.
Mr. MORGAN, from the committee ap-
pointed to wait upon the President of the Uni-
ted States, reported that the President had no
further communication to make.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, (at twelve
o'clock.) The hour fixed by concurrent resolu-
tion of the two Houses for that purpose having
arrived, the Senate stands adjourned until the
first Wednesday of July, at noon.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, Mareh 80, 1887.
The House met at ten o'clock a. m.
The Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton, offered
prayer in the following language :
Almighty God, Creator and Preserver of all
things and Redeemer of men through Jesus
Christ Thy Son : once more before Thy throne
wo come to mingle our thanksgiving and our
prayers, offering our morning worship through
our High Priest and Mediator, Jesus Christ.
We thank Thee, 0 God, that on this last day
of the first session of this Congress we can
look back and see how much Thou hast enabled
men to do to promote human liberty, the
security of human rights, the establishment of
justice as the foundation of our national policy
and for the general benefit of our race. We
bless Thee, 0 God, that Thou hast enabled these
public men to do so much toward restoring
order and peace to this once distracted land,
and that, as the battle-cloud has passed away,
so the political battle, as we trust, is drawing
to a close, to be succeeded by a universal
calm. We thank Thee for the wisdom that has
guided these deliberations, for the courage
with which Thou hast inspired them, for the
steadfastness with which they have adhered to
the truth and to righteousness. God be praised
for it all.
And now, as these public servants are about
to separate, follow them, we beseech Thee,
individually with Thy blessing. May the peace
of God, that passeth all understanding, rest on
all their hearts. May they be guarded on their
homeward journey from the perils that beset
the traveler. May their dear households all be
safely kept, and they be permitted to meet
them all in peace. During the interval between
this time and the period of their reassem-
bling keep Thou them in health and strength.
Let not sickness lay any low, nor sudden
stroke of death. And when they come once
more together, then, 0 God, we pray that
they may be enabled to look forth upon a
country reunited in great part through their
own labors and the blessing of God. May
they behold a country American indeed, one
in which the principles of the Gospel of Jesus
Christ shall be the animating spirit of public
policy. 0 Lord, when all our earthly labors
are over, may we meet to labor in Thy heavenly
Kingdom for Jesus' sake. Amen.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
enrolled joint resolution.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that
the committee had examined and 'found truly^
enrolled a joint resolution (H. R. No. 51) rela-*
