1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
459
tive to the iron-clad monitor Comanche; when
the Speaker signed the same.
government OS maryland.
•Mr. THOMAS. I ask leave to present a
memorial from the mayor and members of the
city council of Baltimore, asking Congress to
assist the people of Maryland to form a State
government^ republican in form and in unison
with the spirit of the age. I desire that this
memorial may be referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and be ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection
the memorial will be received, and will be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary
and be ordered to be printed.
Mr. WOOD. I object.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made,
the memorial must be presented under the
rule.
Mr. THOMAS. I hope the gentleman will
not insist on his objection.
Mr. WOOD. I object to any member occu-
pying the time of the House by the presenta-
tion of these private memorials.
. Mr. THOMAS. This is from the mayor
and city council of Baltimore.
Mr. WOOD. If it is from the mayor and
city council.I withdraw the objection.
There being no objection, the memorial was
received, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
tiianks to major general sheridan.
Mr. BENTON. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce the following resolution :
Revolved, That this House tenders its special thanks
to Major General P. H. Sheridan for the removal
(by order of No. 5, issued on the 27th instant) of
Andrew S. Herron, attorney general of the State of
Louisiana; John T.Monroe, mayor of New Orleans;
and Edmund Abel, judge of the first district court
of New Orleans, from their respective offices, which
they have disgraced, and the appointment in their
places of men of character and loyalty, in the per-
sons of B. L. Lynch as attorney general of said
State, Edward Heath as mayor, and YV. \V._ Howe
as first district judge of said city; and that in this
prompt a,nd just action of General Sheridan the
country has a guarantee that under his command the
innocent will bo protected, tlio guilty punished, and
the spirit of rebellion extinguished.
Mr. GLOSSBRENNER. I object.
Mi'. BENTON. I move to suspend the
rules.
Mr. BROOKS. It will only lead to a call
of the House and show no quorum.
The SPEAKER. There is in the opinion
of the Chair a quorum present; though it is
somewhat doubtful.
Mr. BENTON. I will withdraw for the
present the motion to suspend the rules.
house messengers.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I ask to
introduce the following resolution :
Resolved, That the resolution authorizing the Door-
keeper to retain the number of messengers now em-
ployed during the recess shall be construed to include
those employed by the House at three dollars a day,
if he chooses to retain them.
Mr. ROSS. Does that increase the number?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. It does
not increase the number, but is necessary be-
cause there is doubt what the word " messen-
ger" means.
Mr. ROSS. Doesit increase the expense?
Mr. GARFIELD. It does not. It merely
makes these boys eligible to these appoint-
ments.
Mr. ROSS. If it does not increase the ex-
pense 1 do not object.
The resolution was passed.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution
was passed ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
traders at military posti.
- Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, moved to
go to business upon the Speaker s table.
The motion was agreed to.
The first business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate joint resolution No. 35, to author-
ize the Commanding General of the Army to
permit traders to remain at certain military
posts; which was read a first and second
time.
The joint resolution was read at length.
It authorizes the Commanding General of the
Army to permit a trading establishment to be
maintained after the 1st of July, 1867,' at any
military post on the frontier not in the vicinity
of any city or town, and situated at any point
between the one hundredth meridian of longi-
tude west from Greenwich and the eastern
boundary of the State of California, when, in
his judgment, such establishment ,is needed for
the accommodation of emigrants, freighters,
and other citizens ; but after the commissary
department is prepared to supply stores to sol-
diers, as required by law, no trader permitted
to remain at such post is to sell -any goods
kept by the commissary department to any
enlisted man; and such traders are to be under
protection and military control as camp-fol-
lowers.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I ask that that
joint resolution be put on its passage. It is
important to traders and others who cross
the plains. I have crossed the plains myself
and know the necessity for it. I demand the
previous question.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. Let it be referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. 1 cannot yield for
that.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, moved
that the resolution be laid on the table.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
24, noes 51; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKEli ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Mr. Ashley, of Ohio, and Mr. Clakke,
of Kansas.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported only eighteen in the affirmative, noes
not counted.
So (no further count being asked) the House
refused to lay the joint resolution on the table.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the joint resolution was ordered to be
read a third time; and it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the joint resolution was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
colorado territory.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
Senate bill No. 114, amendatory of the organic
act ol Colorado Territory; which was read a first
and second time. The bill provides that hefe-
after the sessions of the Legislative^ Assembly
of Colorado Territory shall be biennial. Mem-
bers of the Council shall be elected for the
term of four years, and members of the House
for the term of "two years, and shall receive
the sum of six dollars per day instead of three
dollars heretofore allowed, and shall also re-
ceive the same mileage now allowed by law.
It further provides that each House shall have
authority to elect, in addition to the officers
now allowed by law, an enrolling clerk, who
shall receive five dollars per day. The chiei
clerk shall receive six dollars perday, and the
other officers elected by said Legislature shall
receive five dollars per day each. It further
provides that the members of the Legislative
Assembly elected at the general election of said
Territory in the year 1867, shall compose the
first Legislature under this act, and said Legis-
lature shall meet at the time now fixed by law
for the meeting of the Legislative Assembly of
Colorado Territory.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. The organic acts
of the several x'erntoricshave 8.11 been amended
so that their sessions shall hereafter be bien-
nial • and the compensation of the members
has been doubled, but the aggregate length of
time allowed for the Legislatures to sit remains
the same. It was supposed that Colorado was
included in the previous act, but^ on examina-
tion it was found that that Territory was ex-
cepted, and this is a repetition of the act which
was passed in relation to the other Territories.
Mr. HOLMAN. Do I understand the gen-
tleman to say that in all the other Territories
the compensation of members of the Legisla-
ture is six dollars per day?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. It has been doubled.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is it six dollars per day?
_ Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. In some of theler-
ritories, in Montana and Idaho, it is eight dol-
lars, on account of the additional cost of living.
Mr. HOLMAN. The effect of this is to
double the expenses of the Legislature.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. No, sir; the sav-
ing of expense of printing, fuel, and light will
more than compensate for the increase of pay.
Mr. HOLMAN. I mean as to a single ses-
sion it doubles the pay.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Yes, sir.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid 011 the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled joint resolution sigsfbd
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that
they had examined and found truly enrolled a
joint resolution (S. K. No. 51) authorizing the
transfer of certain funds, and providing for the
purchase of seeds and their distribution in the
southern States ; when the Speaker signed the
same.
removal or indian tribes.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate joint resolution No. 47, in relation
to the removal of the Indian tribes; which was
read a first and second time.
It provides that it shall not be lawful to
remove or to relocate any Indian tribe not spe-
cifically authorized by law or treaty stipulation,
and no public money or fund held in trust for
Indians is to bo used for the removal of any
Indian tribe from one location to another un-
less specifically appropriated by law for that
purpose.
Mr, WINDOM. I want to make a single
remark with reference to this bill. We are in
the habit of complaining, and very justly, that
money is squandered in the Indian country by
Indian agents and the Indian department, and
I have 110 doubt that a great deal of money is
wasted. Now here is a bill to prevent the
greatest waste that ever occurs in the Indian
service. I am free to say that if there is steal-
ing in the Indian country, there is more of it
done by picking up Indians and removing
them from one point to another withont au-
thority of law and without treaty stipulation
than in any other way, and I believe than in
all other ways combined.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Is not
that too strong?
Mr. WINDOM. No, sir; it is not too
strong. Haifa dozen Indian agents, or men
in the Indian territory, get together and form
a ring for the purpose of making money out of
the Indians.
Mr. SCHENCK. What! Indian agents dis-
honest, whom you defended so strongly a short
time ago?
Mr. WINDOM. No, sir; not Indian
agents alone, but officers of the Army as
well. They forthwith make their representa-
tions that the Indians must be removed to
some other locality ; and they are picked up
by the Interior Department, taken off five
hundred or one thousand miles, and so much
per head charged for transporting and feeding
them. And at the same time, in nine cases out
ten, the Indians' themselves walk the entire
distance and cost the Government nothing at
all for transportation. Not only is money
squandered in this way to a very great extent,
but at the same time a very great injury is
done to the Indians themselves.
What does this bill propose to do ? Simply
this and nothing more: that hereafter these
Indian tribes shall not be thus picked up at the
