1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
463
any objections heretofore stated against the
original and Supplemental acts.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, D. C., March 30, 1867.
The message was laid oil the table and or-
dered to be printed.
norman wiakd.
Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a joint resolution for the relief of
Norman Wiard, relating to steel guns, and
moved that it be referred to the Committee on
Ordnance.
The joint resolution was read a first and
second time.
Mr. WARD moved as an amendment that it
be referred to the Committee of Claims. ,
The House divided; and there were—ayes
44, noes 08.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question was upon the motion to refer,
as amended.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope it will be voted
down.
The question was taken; and upon a division
there wore—ayes 44, noes 38.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. SCHENCK called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Sciienck. and
Mr. Ward were appointed.
The House again divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 40, noes 44.
So the motion, as amended, was disagreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move as an original
motion to refer it to the joint select Committee
on Ordnance.
Mr. VV1NDOM. I move to refer it to the
Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The latter motion has
priority.
On referring the resolution to the Committee
of the Whole, there were—ayes 31, noes 47; no
quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Wisdom and Schexck.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 35,' noes 47.
The SPEAKER. The Chair votes in the
negative, making a quorum.
Mr. W1NDOM. I demand the yeas and
, j ,i
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SCHENCK. Have I the privilege of
withdrawing the resolution? If so I will do it.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection
it will be withdrawn.
No objection was made, and. the resolution
was accordingly withdrawn.
message f11051 tub senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced £hat tho Senate had
passed a resolution that a committee con-
sisting of two members be appointed on the
part of the Senate, to join such committee as
may be appointed on the part of the House or
Representatives, to wait upon the President of
the United States and inform him that unless he
may have some further communication to make
the two Houses, having finished the business
before them, were ready to adjourn, and had
ordered that Mr. Morgan and Mr. Hendricks
be tbe committee on the part of the Senate.
The House proceeded to consider the reso-
lution of the Senate.
Mr. WINDOM. I move that the House
concur in the resolution.
The motion was agreed to; and the Speaker
appointed Messrs. Windom and Brooks as the
committee on the part" of the House.
Mr. WINDOM desired to be excused ; and
the"Speaker appointed in his place Mr. Laflin.
ijig-iittng washington with gas.
Mr. INGERSOLL. There is an important
joint resolution on the Speaker's table m ref-
erence to lighting this city with gas. Unless
it receives the concurrence of the House we
shall leave the city in darkness, which is much
to be dreaded. It will take but a moment to
pass it, and 1 hope there will be no objection.
Mr.'WINDOM. I object.
testing of ordnance.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
to offer a resolution in relation to experiments
of testing ordnance for the purpose of refer-
ence to the joint Committee on Ordnance.
Mr. ROSS. I object. It is too late in the
session for experiments.
Mr. SCHENCK. I movo, to suspend the
rules. .
Mr. CHANLER. Let the resolution be
The Clerk read the resolution partially, as
follows:
Beeolved, Thatthe Ordnance Committee bedirected
to determine upon a proper series of experiments to
be applied to guns offered for service, and upon rules
to govern tho ordnanco department in making Par-
chases of heavy ordnanco. tho tests to determine tho
rate of hitting and missing of shots from heavy guns
when fired at moving obj cets, the penotration of shots
from such guns in earth, brick, stone  
The reading of the resolution was not con-
cluded.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that
they had examined and found truly enrolled
bills of the following tilles ; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (S. No. 80) extending to the State
of Nebraska the provisions of an act relating
to agricultural colleges; and
An act (S. No. 122) for the support in part
of the National Soldiers' and Sailors' Orphan
Home, in the District of Columbia.
message from the president.
A message from the President, by Colonel
William G. Moore, his Secretary, informed
the House that he had this day approved and
signed a bill and a joint resolution of the
House of the following titles:
An act (II. R. No. 79) to authorize the ap-
pointment of certain watchmen, and for other
purposes; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 22) to author-
ize the payment of Rev. C. B. Boynton, Chap-
lain of tho House of Representatives of the
Fortieth Congress.
committee to wait on the president.
Mr. LAFLTN, from the committee to wait
on the President, reported that the committee
had discharged that duty, and liad been directed
by the President to inform the House that he
had no further business to communicate to
them.
adjournment.
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen, the hour of
twelve o'clock m. having arrived, I do, in
accordance with the concurrent resolution
adopted by both Houses, and wishing each
one of you a safe journey to your respective
homes, and a happy reunion with your fam-
ilies and friends, declare the first session of the
House of Representatives of the Fortieth Con-
gress adjourned to the first Wednesday, at
noon, in July next.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, July 3,1867.
In pursuance of the provisions of the reso-
lution of adjournment passed by Congress on
the 29th of March last, the Senate reassembled
in the Senate Chamber, in the city of Wash-
ington, this day, at twelve o'clock noon.
Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D., Chaplain of the
Senate for the Thirty-Ninth Congress, ottered
the following prayer: . ,
Blessing and honor and glory and might and
dominion be unto God, our Creator, Sovereign
Ruler, everlasting Redeemer, enthroned m the
Heavens. Thanks be to Thy great name for
Thy presence and the fullness ot lhy blessings
vouchsafed to our beloved nation, ihanks for
the peace now prevailing m our borders and
the prosperity within Our palaces. Thanks
for all the manifestations of Ihy goodness
and mercy which, from day to day, we enjoy.
Thanks for the health prevailing m our land,
for. the goodness restraining the hand ot the
destroying angel from raining' down pestilence
upon our cities and upon our towns. _ Thanks
for the blessings of health, for blessings indi-
vidual, collective, national. May we receive
them as coming from Thy hand, and acknowl-
edge them with devout gratitude and praise.
Oh God, it is with shame and confusion of
face that we come to confess our sins individ-
ually, socially, nationally. Forgive them ; blot
out our transgressions, and grant tliat we may
stand up before Thee a regenerated and saved
people. Especially do we now invoke Thy
blessing to be upon Thy servants convened
within these Iialls of legislation. We ask that
Thou wilt give wisdom to the Senators and to
the Representatives, and grace to the officers
presiding over both Houses, and let dignity
and a spirit of kindness and wisdom and truth
and justice characterize all their deliberations,
and let. Thy blessing be upon all the members
of this Congress, and upon all of their enact-
ments. Bless the President of the United
States and those associated with him in
authority, and give them wisdom and grace to
administer the laws of the land in such a man-
ner as to secure harmony, union, self-respect
among the different classes of the community
in this great commonwealth of States ; and thus
may the blessing of God, tho great superin-
tending intelligence of tbe universe, be upon
us in all of our interests and institutions, mak-
ing us, as a nation, an honor to ourselves and
a glory to the world. Through Jesus Christ
our Lord. Amen. .
Hon. Besjamin F. Wade, President pro
tempore of the Senate, resumed the chair and
said: The time having arrived for the com-
mencement of the adjourned session of the
Fortieth Congress of the United States, the
Senate will please come to order, and the
Clerk will read the resolution under which
tho Senate has assembled.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows
ItesoUcd. That the President of the Senate and tuo
Speaker of tho House of Representatives are hereby
directed to adiourn their respective Houses on bat-
urday, March SO, 1867, at twelvo o'clock, meridian, to
tho first Wednesday in July, 1867, at noon, when the
roll of each House shall bo immediately called, and
immediately thereafter the Presiding Officer ot caeh
tlouso shall cause tho Presiding Officer of the other
llouso to be informed whether or not a quorum ol
its body has appeared; and thereupon, if a fluorum
of the two Houses respectively shall not hinc .ti>-
pearcd upon such call of the rolls, the 1 ri'Muent ot
tho Senate and tho Speaker of the House ot Kepro-
sentatives shall immediately adjourn their respect-
ive Houses without day.
Mr. SUMNER. I rise to a question of
order on that resolution, which 1 submit as
follows: that the resolution under which Con-
gress is to-day assembled, so far as it under-
takes to direct the adjournment of the two
Houses of Congress without day, is unconsti-
tutional and inoperative, inasmuch as the Con-
stitution, after declaring that "a majority of
each House shall constitute a quorum to do
business," proceeds to provide that!' a smaller
number may adjourn from day to day. and may
be authorized to compel the attendance of
absent members;" and therefore such resolu-
tion must not be regarded by the Chair so far
as it undertakes to provide for an adjournment
without day. As, according to the view, there
is a quorum already present, the incident con-
templated by the resolution will not probably
arise; but I felt it my duty, by way of precau-
tion and caveat to introduce now this protest,
to the end that that resolution may not here-
after be drawn into a precedent so as to abridge
the rights of the two Houses of Congress nnder
the Constitution of the United States. _
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, lhe Chair
thinks perhaps the motion is premature. At
present we do not know judicially whether
there is a quorum present or not to do any-
thing, even to act upon the question of order.
Mr. SUMNER. I have alrea'dy said that I
now present this in the way of protest.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator does not contemplate action upon it ?
Mr. SUMNER. Not now.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the roll may be
