1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
467
ADJOURNMENT TO FKIDA Y.
Mr. ^GRIMES. I move that when the Sen-
ate adjourn to-day it adjourn to meet at twelve
o'clock on Friday.
The motion was agreed to.
HOMESTEADS FOR FREEMEN.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the reconstruction of. the rebel
States would be hastened and the best interest of the
country promoted if the President of the United
folates, in the exercise of the pardoning power, would
require that every landed proprietor who has been
engaged in the rebellion, before receiving his par-
don therefor, ,shouldi convey to the freedmen, his
s^aves  a-certain portion of the land on which
they have worked, so that they may have a home-
stead in which their own labor has mingled, and that
the disloyal master may not continue to appropriate
to himself the fruits of their toil.
I move that the resolution be printed and
laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
INSTRUCTIONS TO MILITARY COHM\NI)ERS.
Mr. HOWARD. I offer a resolution 011
which I wish the, action of the Senate at pres-
ent:
Resolved, That the President be rcspcctfully re-
quested to communicate to the Senate copies of all
orders, instructions, circular letters, or letters of
advice issued to the respective military officers
assigned to the command of the several military dis-
tricts under the act passed March 2, 1867, entitled
"An act to provide for the more efficient govern-
mentof the rebel Stales,"and the act supplementary
thereto, passed March 23, 1867; also copies of all
opinions given to him by the Attorney General of
the United States touching the construction and
interpretation of said aets, and of all correspondence
relating to the operation, construction, or execution
of said acts that may have taken place between him-
self and any of said commanders, or between him
and the General of the Army, or between the latter
and any of the said commanders touching the same
subjects; also, copies of all orders issued by any of
said commanders in carrying out the provisions of
said acts, or either of them; also, that he inform the
Senate what progress has been mode in the matter of
registration under said acts, and whether tho sum of
money heretofore appropriated for carrying them
out is probably sufficient.
The resolution was considered by "unani-
mous consent, and agreed to.
MEXICAN AFFAIRS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the President, be request,eiJ, if not
incompatible with the public interest, to transmit to
the Senate all the official correspondence between
the Department of State and Hon. Lewis D. Camp-
bell, late minister of theUnited States to the repub-
lic of Mexico, from the time of his appointment; also
the correspondence of the Department with bis suc-
cessor.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think that resolution
had better go over. I prefer that it should go
over for the present.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it goes over under the rule.
Mr. SUMNER. I send to the Chair a reso-
lution which covers in part the ground of the
resolution introduced by the Senator from Mich-
igan to which I think there will be no objec
tion:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested, if in his opinion not incompatible with
the public interest, to furnish to the Senate copics of
any correspondence on the files of the Department
of State relating to any recent events in Mexico.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I prefer tha,t should
go over.
Mr. SUMNER. It is merely to get informa-
tion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Undoubtedly, and it
may all be very proper; but under the idea on
which we have acted so far, I prefer that it
should go over.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If one passes, both
should pass.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly. I shall with-
draw my objection to the resolution offered by
the Senator from Michigan if this pass.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to the present consideration of
the resolution ? , .
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think nothing can
be lost by letting it go over until Friday.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the resolution lies over under the
rule-
' RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the resolutions
on the table introduced by me on the 7th of
March.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lutions will be read for information. ^
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Resolutions declaring certain further guarantees
required in the reconstruction of the rebel States.
1. Resolved, That Congress, in declaring by posi-
tive legislation that it possesses paramount author-
ity over the rebel States, and in prescribing that no
person therein shall bo excluded from tho elective
franchise by reason of race, color, or previous con-
dition, has begun the work of reconstruction, and
has set an example to itself.
2. Resolved, That there aro other things remaining
to be done which are as clearly within the power of
Congress as the elective franchise, and it is the duty
of Congress to see that these things are not left
undone.
3. Resolved. That among tho things remaining to
be done are tho following:
First, The existing governments, which have been
declared to be illogal, must bo vacated, so that they
can have 110 agency in the work of reconstruction,
and will ceaso to exorciso a pernicious influence.
Secondly. Provisional governments must be con-
stituted as temporary substitutes for the illegal gov-
ernments, trith special authority to superintend the
transition to permanent governments, republican in
form.
Thirdly. As loyalty, beyond suspicion, must be the
basis of permanent government republican in form,
overy possible precaution must bo, adopted against
rebel agcncy or iufiuence in the formation of these
governments.
Fourthly. As the education of the people is esson-
tial to the national welfare, and especially to tho
development of those principles of justice and mo-
rality which constitute the foundation of republican
government, and as, according to the census, an im-
mense proportion of the people in the rebel States,
without distinction of color, cannot read and write,
therefore public schools must be established for tho
equal good of all.
Fifthly. Not less important than education is the
homestead, which must be secured to the freedmen,
so that at least every head of a family may have a
piece of land.
4. Resolved, That all these requirements are in tho
nature of guarantees to bo exacted by Congress, with-
out which the United States will not obtain that
security for the future which is essential to a just
reconstruction.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Those resolutions in-
volve a great variety of subjects, and I really
do not see the propriety of taking them up to-
day at our first meeting. If the Senator merely
desires to have them printed for the informa-
tion of .the Senate 
Mr. SUMNER. They are printed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well, it is a matter
requiring a great deal of investigation, and
involves the very question we have had up
with regard to the business of the session.
The Senator, it seems, is not willing to wait
even a day or two for any consideration or
consultation on the subject, but wishes to take
up these resolutions immediately. I have
expressed my opinion on the subject. I object
to taking them up for consideration; and it
may be as well, if the Senator insists upon it,
to have the question settled whether we will
proceed to the consideration of all these sub-
jects to-day, and I shall therefore call for the
yeas and nays upon the question of taking up
the resolutions for consideration.
Mr. SUMNER. My friend from Maine is
very critical. When 1 introduce petitions that
concern matters outside of reconstruction he
objects to their consideration because they do
not concern reconstruction; and now, when I
ask the Senate to proceed with resolutions
which have been months on your table, and
which concern reconstruction and nothing else,
he objects to their consideration. Now I do
not think that we can do better to-day, on this
first day of our assembly, than to consider
briefly the general principles which should
enter into our provisions.
All agree that we are to provide a new meas-
ure of reconstruction. The question is, to
' what extent it shall go ; what principles shall
it recognize? The resolutions on your table
declare the extent to which we should go and
the principles which we should recognize. Had
the bill already passed embodied those princi-
ples possibly there would have been no occa-
sion for our session now, though, as I have
already said, considering the character of our
Chief Magistrate, that is very (fcubtful. But
by these resolutions it is declared that the
existing governments- must be vacated. Now,
sir, I ask to have these resolutions considered
that I may here, on this first day of the session,
declare my conviction that we can* make no
progress in this question until the existing gov1
ernments have been '.vacated. You have by
your act of reconstruction declared that they
are not legal,'"•and yet, you leave them in a cer-
tain sense still existing. You must go forward
and absolutely vacate them, so that they may
not be in the way of a just reconstruction.
The resolutions then declare that there must
be provisional governments as a substitute for
those already vacated. That is an obvious prop-
osition. I will not discuss it.
They then proceed to say that " every pos-
sible precaution must be adopted against rebel
agency or influence in the formation of these
governments." Is not that true? Can any
one doubt that that must be accomplished?
They then proceed fo declare that education
must be required as a condition of reconstruc-
tion. Can any one doubt the importance of
that? I am told sometimes that whether we
require it or not, such is the mood of the South
now that education will enter into every meas-
ure of reconstruction. That, sir, does not
supersede the duty on our part. We must go
forward and specially require it.
The resolutions then declare further that we
must see in some way that every freedmnn is
provided with a-homestead, I have already
m another resolution, which is on your table,
declared that one practical way of bringing
that about would be through the pardoning
power of the President of the United States.
Had the President begun right, and in,granting
a pardon to the landed proprietors required as
a condition that they should all have set apart
a piece of land for their freedmen, you would
have had a new element of reconstruction and
a new security for peace. I regret more tjian
I can say the loss the country has suffered
through that failure on the part of the Presi-
dent. Congress, I know, cannot control the
pardoning power ; but it may express its opin-
ion with regard to its exercise; it may express
its desires. Still further, Congress may, through
the forfeited estates for non-payment of taxa-
tion, or in some other way, make provision to
this end. My single object in that regard is to
bring about, in some way or other, by some
means the possession of a homestead for overy
head of a family among the freedmen. I
believe that we shall not accomplish a just
reconstruction until that enters as one of the
conditions.
I am willing to be taught by a very great
experience on this subject: I refer to that of
Russia. Senators perhaps are not aware that
the question of emancipation in Russia halted
for some time 011 the single question of whether
the emancipated serf should be allowed his
freehold. At last, when that question was
settled, the whole question was practically
settled, and emancipation there became an
assured success. Until the freehold was se-
cured to the serf it was felt that he was not
secured in his liberty; and I fear that until
we-secure to our emancipated bondmen a
foothold in the soil, they will not be secured
in those just rights which they have a right to
expect from this Republic. It is from the
United States that they have received the
great boon of emancipation, and the United
States must see to it that emancipation is
practically carried to its beneficent consum-
mation by providing a freehold.
I do not here intend to open the great and
delicate question of confiscation, though should
that come under discussion I should have no
hesitation to meet it; but I content myself
with a simpler proposition, beneficent in its
character, and having in it no element of pun-
ishment; not punitive in its character, but
essentially conservative, seeking future peace
and security for this Republic. I insist that in
some way, in laying the foundations of recon-
struction, you must provide that the freedman
