468
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
July 3,
shall have'Ms piece of land. Do it as you
please, but do it you roust. If you postpone
the question you postpone a true reconstruc-
tion.
It is because the resolution on your table
embody that proposition and kindred proposi-
tions that I have desired to call the attention
of the Senate to them on. this first day of our
meeting. If Senators are disposed to consider
them and to vote upon them to-day, I should be
§lad of it; but if Senators are disinclined—the
enator from Maine Intimates that he is dis-
inclined—I shall make no objection to their
going over to another day; but I trust that
these propositions will not be forgotten in any
measures of reconstruction which we may act
upon hereafter.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on taking up these resolutions for con-
sideration.
Mr. SUMNER. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. CRAGIN. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. RAMSEY. I suggest to the Senator
from New Hampshire that there is a commit-
tee out which has gone to call upon the Presi-
dent, and we ought to wait until they return.
Mr. CRAGIN. Very well; I withdraw my
motion.
Mr. RAMSEY. We can take a recess, but
I believe it is usual to remain in session until
that committee returns.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is always customary.
Mr. RAMSEY. It is always customary.
The chairman of that committee, the honora-
ble Senator from Rhode Island, who is out on
that committee, made that suggestion to me,
and he is versed in all these rules of etiquette.
I suggest that we take a recess.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Do I
understand the Senator from New Hampshire
to withdraw his motion to adjourn?
Mr. CRAGIN. I withdraw it.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate
take a recess for one hour. ["Oh, no ; a quar-
ter of an hour."] Very well; I will move that
the Senate take a recess for fifteen minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
The President^m) tempore resumed the chair
at the expiration of the allotted time.
On motion of Mr. ANTHONY, the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, July 3, 1867.
The House of Representatives reassembled
this day, in pursuance of the concurrent reso-
lution of the two Houses, and at twelve o'clock
m. was called to order by the Speaker, who
said: The recess having expired, the House
of Representatives resumes its session. The
Clerk will read the concurrent resolution pre-
scribing the order of business at this adjourned
meeting of the first session of the Fortieth Con-
gress of the United States.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Resolved, That the President of the Senate and
the Speaker of the House of Representatives aro
hereby directed to adjourn their respective Houses
on Saturday, March 30,1867, at twelve o'clock meri-
dian, to the first Wednesday of July, 1867, at noon,
when the roll of each House shall bo immediately
called, and immediately thereafter the Presiding
Officer of each House shall cause the Presiding Offi-
cer of the other to bo informed whether or not a
quorum of its body has appeared; and thereupon, if
a quorum of the two Houses respectively shall not
have appeared upon such eall of the roll, the Presi-
dent of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of
Representatives shall immediately adjourn their
respective Houses without day."
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will now call
the roll of members to ascertain whether a
quorum is in attendance. •
members present.
The roll being called, the following-named
members responded. From the State of—
Maine—John Lynch, Sidney Perham, John
A. Peters, and Frederick A. Pike.
New Hampshire—Jacob H. Ela, Aaron F.
Stevens, and Jacob Benton.
Vermont— Frederick E. Woodbridge, Luke
P. Poland, and Worthington C. Smith.
Massachusetts—Thomas D. Eliot, Oakes
Ames, Ginery Twiehell, Samuel Hooper, Ben-
jamin F. Butler, Nathaniel P. Banks, George
S. Boutwell, John D. Baldwin, and William B.
Washburn.
New York— John Morrissey, James Brooks,
Fernapdo Wood, William H. Robertson, John
H. Ketcham, Thomas Cornell, Orange Fer-
riss, Calvin T. Hulburd, James M. Marvin,
William C. Fields, John C. Churchill, Dennis
McCarthy, Theodore M. Pomeroy, William H.
Kelsey, William S. Lincoln, Hamilton Ward,
Lewis Selye, Burt Van Horn, and Henry Van
Aernam.
New Jersey—William Moore, John Hill, and
George A. Halsey.
Pennsylvania—Charles O'Neill, Leonard
Myers, William D. Kelley, Caleb N. Taylor,
John M. Broomall, Thaddeus Stevens, Henry
L. Cake, Ulysses Mercur, George F. Miller,
William H. Koontz, Daniel J. Morrell, Ste-
phen F. Wilson, Glenni W. Scofield, Darwin
A. kinney, JohnCovode, James If. Moorhead,
Thomas Williams, and George V. Lawrence.
Maryland—Francis Thomas.
Ohio—Benjamin Eggleston, Rutherford B.
Hayes, Robert C. Schenck, William Lawrence,
Reader W. Clarke, Cornelius S. Hamilton,
Ralph P. Buckland, James M. Ashley, John
T. Wilson, Martin Welker, Tobias A. Plants,
John A. Bingham, Ephraim R. Eckley, Rufus
P. Spalding, and James A. Garfield.
Indiana—Morton C. Hunter, George W.
Julian, John Coburn, Henry D. Washburn,
Godlove S. Orth, Schuyler Colfax, William
Williams, and John P. C. Shanks.
Illinois—Norman B. Judd, John F. Farns-
worth, Abner C. Harding, Ebon C. Ingersoll,
Burton C. Cook, Henry P. H. Bromwell, Shelby
M. Cullom, Jehu Baker, Green B. Raum, and
John A. Logan.
Missouri — William A. Pile, Carman A.
Newcomb, Joseph J. Gravely, Joseph W.
McClurg, Robert T. Van Horn, Benjamin F.
Loan, John F. Benjamin, and George W.
Anderson.
Michigan—Fernando C. Beaman, Charles
Upson, Thomas W. Ferry, Rowland E. Trow-
bridge, and John F. Driggs.
Iowa—James F. Wilson, Hiram Price, Wil-
liam B. Allison, and William T. Loughridge.
Wisconsin— Halbert E. Paine, Benjamin
F. Hopkins, Amasa Cobb, Charles A. Eldridge,
Philotus Sawyer, and Cadwalader C. Wash-
burn.
Minnesota—William Windom and Ignatius
Donnelly.
Oregon—Rufus Mallory.
Kansas—Sidney Clarke.
West Virginia—Chester D. Hubbard, Be-
thuel M. Kitchen, and Daniel Polsley.
Nebraska—John Taffe.
When the name of Mr. Shellabarger was
called,
Mr. GARFIELD said: My colleague, Mr.
Shellabarger, is quite unwell. He intended
to be here, but his illness has prevented his
coming. He will probably not be here during
this session.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
under the concurrent resolution of the two
Houses, no business can interrupt the roll-call.
Excuses must therefore be made afterward, if
at all.
During the roll-call,
Mr.W. J. McDonald, ChiefClerkof the Sen-
ate, was introduced, and said: I am directed
by the President of the Senate to inform the
House of Representatives that the roll of the
Senate having been called at twelve o'clock
this day, as required by the resolution of the
two Houses of 29th March last, fixing a day
for the temporary adjournment of Congress,
it appeared that a quorum of the Senate was
present. [Applause.]
The roll-call having been concludcd—
The SPEAKER. One hundred and twenty
members having answered to their names, a
quorum is in attendance; and the Clerk of
the House, in accordance with the concurrent
resolution, will notify the Senate of that fact.
Before proceeding to business the Chaplain
will offer prayer.
Rev. Charles B. Boynton, Chaplain of
the House of Representatives, then delivered
the following prayer:
Almighty God, our Creator, Preserver, and
Redeemer, before the Throne of Thy Son, the
manifested God, we bow for worship and for
praise. We thank Thee for that preserving
care and love by which all of these, when
separated from each other in their distant
homes, have been kept through the over-
watching of our Heavenly Father.
We bless Thee, 0 God, that death has not
visited any member of this body, so far as we
know, during this recess. We thank Thee that
no great sorrow has fallen upon the beloved
households of these members; that they are
here this morning through the ordering of Thy
providence to answer once more to the call of
their country. Blessed be God that when any
sudden danger threatens the land, just as sud-
denly the great constitutional shield can be
interposed. And now we invoke Thy blessing
O God Almighty, upon this House of Repre-
sentatives and the Senate of the United States
in Congress assembled.
Do Thou grant unto the Speaker of this
House new strength for all his arduous duties.
Give him, we pray Thee, all the wisdom he
needs rightly to decide any perplexing ques-
tion which may arise, and to preside as he has
hitherto done with dignity ana with the appro-
val of those over whom he rules officially, the
House of Representatives.
And grant, 0 God, special wisdom unto all
these members, that they may meet as they
should, citizens of this great country, guardians
of the country's welfare and responsible unto
God, the great questions which may be pre-
sented ; and may all be so settled that God
shall approve and all inure to the final settle-
ment and stable prosperity-of the country.
Incline the President of the United States
so to use his great power that the peace of the
country may be promoted thereby; and may
all who advise him so help to influence him
that, cooperating, with the legislative branch
of the Government, he may at last see the
country thoroughly restored and placed upon
the great foundations of the principles of our
Lord and Saviour. Hear us, O God, and for-
give all our sins, and accept us through the
riches of grace in Christ Jesus, our Redeemer.
Amen.
absence op a member.
Mr. DRIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I wish to
announce that Governor Blair has been de-
tained from this Hall for the purpose of deliv-
ering an oration upon the occasion of laying
the foundation of a Soldiers' Monument in
my State.
swearins in of members-elect.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the administration of the oath of office to
members-elect from Stated which have elected
during the recess.
Hon. Thomas A. Jenckes and Hon. Na-
than F. Dixon, of the State of Rhsde Island,
and Hon. Julius Hotchkiss and Hon. Henry
H. Starkweather, of the State of Connecti-
cut, were then sworn in.
members-elect from kentucky.
The Clerk called the following as the mem-
bers-elect from Kentucky:
1. L. S. Trimble. ' 5. Thomas L. Jones.
2. John Young Brown. 6. James S. Beck.
3. J. Pkoctor Knott. 7. George M. Adams.
4. A. P. Grover. 8. John D. Youxg.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a
question of privilege. Before the oath is
administered to the members-elect from Ken-
tucky, among whom I hear the name of John
D. Young for one, I desire to state to the
House that I am in possession of a protest,
signed by Samuel McKee, a former member
of this House, against the admission ofYoung,
or his being qualified for a seat upon this
floor as a member of the House of Represent-
atives, upon the ground that he has aided and
