1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
469
abetted the traitors engaged in rebellion, and
actually commanded bands of rebels who have
captured Union men, and thus been engaged
in war against the Government. The protest
embodies several other reasons why he should
not be admitted to take the oath. This is
accompanied by other protests from many
citizens of the fourth district of the State of
Kentucky, presenting the same reasons. The
protests are sustained by affidavits proving
these facts which are alleged.
I shall send these papers to the Chair and
ask that the protest of Mr. McKee and of the
citizens, or as much of these papers as the
House shall feel disposed to listen to, shall be
read now, together with some portion or all
the testimony sustaining it. I also make the
motion that John D. Young be not now sworn
as a member of the House of Representatives,
but that his credentials, together with these
papers, be referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions to report in the case.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman yield?
Mr. SCHBNCK. Yes, sir.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker, as an amend-
ment to the motion of the gentleman from Ohio
I desire to offer the following resolution, and to
state my reasons to the House for so doing:
Whereas there is good reason to believe that in the
election recently held in the State of Kentucky for
Representatives to the Fortieth Congress the legal
and loyal voteis in the several districts in said State
have been overawed and prevented from a true ex-
pression of their will and choice at the polls by those
who havesympathized with or actually participated
in the late rebellion, and that such elections were
aacried by the votes of such disloyal and returned
rebels; Therefore.
Be it resolved, That the credentials of all themem-
bers elected from the State of Kentucky shall be
referred to the Committee of Elections, to report at
as early a day as practicable, and pending the report
of said committee none of said members shall bo
allowed to take the oath of office and admitted to
seats as such,
'Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman from Illi-
nois asks to bo permitted to explain his reasons
for offering the amendment. I think it will be
better that the papers which relate to the origi-
nal case be read first, and then I will yield
further time to the gentleman.
Mr. BROOKS. Will the gentleman from
Ohio yield to me ?
Mr. SCHBNCK. I think the papers had
better be read, so as to bring the case before
the House.
Mr. BROOKS. I want to reserve only my
right to reply.
The Clerk read the protest, as follows:
To the Honorable Members of the Home of Representa-
tives of the Fortieth Congress of the United States:
The undersigned, who states that he has given no-
tice, as the law requires, of his intention to contest
tho right of John D. Young to a seat as member of
the Fortieth Congress of the United States from the
ninth district of the State of Kentucky, hereby enters
a protest and remonstrance against said Young being
permitted to qualify, and against permitting him to
assume or exercise any of the duties of a member of
the Congress of the United States, and for the iol-
lowing reasons, to wit:
First. That during the late rebellion he (Young)
did not remain loyalto the Government of the United
States. ., .
Second. That hevoluntarily gave aid, countenance,
counsel, and encouragement to persons engaged m
armed hostility thereto. That he was in full sym-
pathy, free accord, and entire harmony with persons
who were engaged in armed hostility to the (govern-
ment of the United States, and who, during the late
rebellion, sought the establishment of a separate
southern confederacy.   r
Third. That in 1861, while he held the office ot
judae of the county court of the county of Bath, to
which he was elected in the year 1858, and before
entering upon the duties of which hehadto take an
oath to support the Constitution of the UnitedStates,
he violated his solemn oath by aiding, counseling,
countcnancing, and encouraging therebellion against
the Government of the United States, and also to
persons engaged in armed hostility thereto.
Fourth. That in 18bl he advised the reoruitmg or
men to 6ght on the side of the southern confederacy,
and advised and advocated resistance to the authority
of the Federal Government by arms, and gave aid,
counsel, countenance, and encouragement to those
^FiflK That'he (Young) himself joined the rebel
army in 1861, and was a candidate for colonel of a
That hVaided armed b^ndns,^fre,b®1ns|1^®r|
in capturing Union citizens and soldiers, and save
this aid voluntarily and gladly.
Seventh. That in 1861, while he
county judge, he boldly and actively advocated the
election of John S. Williams, an avowed secessionist,
to the Congress of the United States, when said Wil-
liams declared himself in favor of resisting by arms
th$ march of the Ariny of the United Stales into the
southern States, and declared he would join the
rebel army if force was used to compel obedience to
the laws on the part of the southern people; and
also the election of Dr. Parish to the Kentucky Le-
gislature, who declared himself in favor of th e seces-
sion of Kentucky; that said Parish and Williams
both soon after their defeat, went int04 the rebel
army, and he (Young) himself did likewise. That
in 1862, while he was still judge of the county court
of Bath, when summoned by the United States
authorities, in obedience to the orders of the com-
mander of the department of Kentucky, to renew
bis oath of allegiance to the Government of the
United States? he fled to Canada.
Eighth. That at all times during the late rebellion
he was an open advocate of the cause of the south-
ern confederacy and opposed to the success of the
Federal armies.
Ninth. That said John D. Young holds the oath
which all persons are required to take before enter-
ing upon the disoharge of their duties as exeeutivo,
judicial or legislative officers of tho Government of
the United States, to be unconstitutional, and that
the whole rebel Democratic party to which he be-
longs in Kentucky holds the same thing. That he
and they aeny tho right of Congress to require such
oath of any officer of the Government, (nainolv, the
oath prescribed by act approved July—, 1SG2,) and
holds to the doctrine that it is no crime or no per-
jury even, if a man has been guilty of aiding the
rebellion, to take said oath, and that it is the right
of all rebels to take any oath required, and that by
so doing they cannot commit perjury.
Tenth. That said Young holds that the rebellion
was no crime; that those who engaged in itwerojus-
tifiable, and that those who engaged in its suppres-
sion are guilty of a criminal wrong; that he so held
during tho war, and declared that "Abraham Lin-
coln, President of tho United States, in using force
to suppress the southern rebellion, was a traitor, and
ought to be hanged as high as Hainan."
All the charges set forth in these ten specifications
the undersigned believes he can and will prove to the
satisfaction of the House and country. He herewith
submits affidavits in substantiation of the charges,
and has more witnesses to prove the same facts, and
witnesses who will prove othors not herein estab-
lished, but has not yet taken their affidavits for want
of time, and in some cases bocauso the witnesses
have refused to appear and testify for icar of vio-
lence to themselves or injury to their property by the
friends of John D. Young, who claims the seat. He
requests that said Young's<crcdentiaIs be sent to the
proper committee for,examination, and that he be
not permitted to qualify until said committee have
reported on his eligibility to a seat in Congress from
the proof which Will be submitted to them.
Respectfully, SAMULL McKEE.
MESSAGE FKOM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Mc-
Donald, its. Chief Clerk, announced that the
Senate had passed a resolution appointing a
committee consisting of two members on the
part of that body, to join with such committee
as may be appointed on the part of the House
of Representatives, to wait upon the President
of the United States, and inform him that a
quorum of each House has assembled, and that
Congress is ready to receive any communica-
tion he may be pleased to make, and that the
Senate had ordered that Messrs. Anthony and
Buckalew be the committee on the part of
that body.
Mr. FARNSWOBTH. I move the usual
resolution of concurrence on the part of the
House, and the appointment of a committee
of three.
The resolution was agreed to; and the
Speaker appointed Messrs. Farnrworth,
Spalding, and Wood, as the committee on
the part of the House.
KENTUCKY—AGAIN.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio desire to have the affidavits read?
Mr. SCHENCK. The protests of the citi-
zens are substantially the same, embodying the
charges made by Mr. McKee. I will ask to
have the affidavits read, to show the House that
these charges are .sustained thus far at least by
proof submitted with them.
Mr BROOKS. Will the gentleman from
Ohio state that these affidavits are taken ex
parte and without any notice to the member-
elect? „ ...
Mr. SCHBNCK. They are certainly ez
parte affidavits, but sufficient, I apprehend, for
this House to proceed upon as information.
It is not proposed by any resolution now to
declare that this man is not entitled to a seat,
but that because of this showing his credentials,
together with these papers, be referred to the
Committee of Elections. That is my motion.
. The Cleric then read the folio wing affidavits;
State of Kektocky, Gountv of Bath:
This day personally appeared before me W. S.
Sharp, who states that he is a eitisen of the above
county and State; that ho held the office of provost
marshal of Bath county. Kentucky, in 1862, Under an
appointment from General J. T. Boyle, who then com-
manded the military department or district of Ken-
tucky ; that ho had instructions to arrest and require
all disloyal suspeoted persons to taketheoath of al-
legiance to the Government of the United States; that
in obedienoe to said orders he summoned, among
others, John D. Young, the same who is returned
elected as a member of the Fortieth Congress of the
United States of the ninth Kentucky district. That he
had an interview with said Young, in which he took
thegrounds that the war was not arebellion, bu tar ev-
olution. That he put the question to the said Young,
Do you think the South had just cause for revolu-
tion against the United States? Ho answered ho
thought they had. That he paroled the said Young
until a certain day fixed upon. That he went to
Louisville. Kentucky, and reported his case to Gen-
eral.!. B. Boyle, and he (Boyle) told him to send J.
D. Young to Camp Chase, Ohio. That ho was un-
avoidably detained at Frankfort, Kentucky, for two
days, and that thesaid Young did, as he was informed,
appear at his office on the day he ' was required
to do so, but not finding any one authoiized to take
charge of him he left for parts unknown to affiant;
and further saith not. W. S. SHAKP.
Sworn to before mo by W. S. Sharp, Juno 26,1867.
E. VAN" PELT*
Justice of the Peace, Bath county.
State of Kentucky, County of Montgomery :
This day personally appeared before me, a notary
Sublic in and for the county and State above, Willis
[ockaday, who states that in the year 1861 ho wasat
work at Kaccoon Furnace, in the county of Greenup,
Kentucky. That in the month of September or Octo-
ber, of said year, a band of rebels cametosaid place
from the Upper Sandy country on a raid; that they
captured a number of men and carried off a large
number of horses and other property. Affiantstates
that he himself was captured by these rebels ana
carried off, but after four or five days made his
cscape. John D. Young, of the county of Bath, and
the same man who was on the 4th day of May,
18(37, elected to the Fortieth Congress from the ninth
Kentucky district, was with said band of rebels, and
was in command of the same, representing himself
as a colonel, and was by the men under him called
by that title. Affiant was captured in the night,
taken out of his bed, ordered to get up and go with
them, which he did. During the night affiant did not
recognize any of the persons, but the next day saw
Youngamong the men, and commanding them. After
his escape he made his way toward Camp Dick Rob-
inson, and on his way through Owingaville, Bath
county, related the circumstance, and was then told
that Younff was absent from home and had gone to
the rebel camp at Prestonburg. After his capture he
was taken through Grayson, Carter county, and up
Little Sandy to Dry Fork. At night affiant made his
escape; and further saith not.
WILLIS M HOCKADAY.
mark.
Attest: E.A.Thomas, J. P. Nelson,
Sworn to before me by Willis Hoekaday, whostates
in my presence, and the presence of the witnesses
whose names appear above, that he* has heard til©
foregoing affidavit read and has fixed his mark to hia
name to the same, and that its.starements are true.
Witness my hand and seal this 15th uay of June,
1867. 0. E. MILLER,
Notary Public for Montgomery county, Kentucky.
Mr. SCHENCK. Unless some other gentle-
man asks for the reading, I will not insist upon
the reading of the whole of the papers.
Mr. KELSEY. I hope the papers will all
be read, so that the ease may be before the
House to some extent at least.
Mr. SCHBNCK. Well, if the gentleman
desires it, let the papers be read.
The Clerk was about to resume the reading.
Mr. ELDRlDGE. I rise to a question of
order. I do not know what may be the ruling
of the Chair at this lime, but the Speaker will
recollect that at the time Mr. Stokes, of Ten-
nessee, was about to be sworn in, or appeared
at the bar for that purpose, I rose to make an
objection. The objection I intended to make
was one of a like character to this, and the
Chair said that proceeding could not be inter-
rupted for any such purpose._ I now insist that
the same ruling should obtain at this time that
was held by the Chair at that time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules, in accord-
ance with the uniform usage of the present
occupant of the chair and of every occupant
of the chair, that it is for the House to deter-
mine what action it will take when a gentle-
man, claiming to have been elected a Repre-
sentative, presents himself to be sworn. It is
not for the Chair to rule that he shall or shall
not be sworn. It is for the House to determine,
