472
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 3,
send no other than a disloyal representative to
Congress if they could avoid it.
it may be said that some of these members-
elect have served in this Congress before, and
that their loyalty has been proved. Why, sir,
Jeff. Davis served in this Congress, and so has
many a rebel. I do not mean that this gen-
tleman is a rebel. I do not know anything
about it. I have no accusation to make against
any of the gentlemen claiming seats from Ken-
tucky. - I know nothing about their loyalty or
disloyalty. I put it on higher ground. It
is not upon the ground that these men were
guilty of treason that I offer this resolution,
but upon the higher ground that it is our duty
to inquire into the loyalty of each and every
one of these men before they are sworn in,
coming as they do from a State or a district
where disloyal men have charge and control
of the government of the State.
That is the ground I put it on; and, sir,
unless yon adopt' this course of policy, you
will have this House filled hereafter with dis-
loyal men; and you had just as well meet the
question square in the face now as at any
future time, for yon have got to do it.
Men may say that action of this kind is too
extreme; "that it is too hasty, too radical, and
all that sort of thing. It makes no difference
to me, so far as I am concerned, what may be
said. This is my theory of getting at this
question. I do not believe that those States
which have been in rebellion—'and the only
reason that Kentucky was not in rebellion
was because it was too close to the border and
was afraid to be, for in the hearts of a major-
ity of its people treason rankled as it did in
the hearts of the people of South Carolina—
ought to be allowed to send disloyal men here;
and if Mr. Trimble is a loyal man, or this sol-
dier who was elected is a loyal man—and God
knows I never heard anything against him in
reference to loyalty or disloyalty, and hence
I say I have no charge to make against any
man, but upon the ground that the State has
shown itself since the rebellion disloyal to the
country, so far as the majority of its people
were concerned—I insist that these men shall
go before the Committee of Elections and let
t heir loyalty be tested. If they are loyal men,
they will pass through the ordeal and come
out unscathed; if they are disloyal inen, they
must have an immense amount of impudence
to present themselves here, and will only get
that which is due them.
Now, sir, there is no use in our being so thin-
skinned about these questions. Some gentle-
men say, " Oh, it would not be right to keep
these men out; we have had some of them in
before." We should not be afraid to look the
question in the face. The question is, What are
you going to do hereafter? What are you going
to do when some other State sends you up
a whole delegation of such men? Are you
going to swear each one in when there is no
protest against his election? If you do, tell
me whether or not Alex. Stephens or any of
those men might not enter these Halls and take
the oath ? They can do so, and the only true
course, in my judgment, is when a delegation
comes from a State whose loyalty is question-
able, whether it has been in the rebellion or not,
to examine the whole delegation and admit
such men as are loyal, and send such as are
disloyal back to their constituents, and tell
their constituents to send you a different class
of men.
These are my views in brief in reference to
this question. I do not desire to detain the
House longer. I merely wished to state the
reasons why I offered this resolution, and the
grounds upon which I based it. Before I take
my seat, however, I will modify my resolution
by striking out the word "believed" and insert
"alleged" in the first part of the preamble.
Mr. BROOKS obtained the floor.
Mr. SCHBNCK. I have reduced my motion
to writing so that there may be no question
about its form, and I ask to have it read in the
shape in which I now present it. I would in-
quire at the same time how the amendment of
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan] is
offered. Is it in the form of a substitute or of
an addition?
" The SPEAKER. It is offered by the gentle-
man from Illinois as a substitute.
Mr. BINGHAM. I submit as a question
of order that the resolution offered by my
colleague [Mr. Schenck] is a resolution which
goes to the qualification of the member named.
I submit that the resolution offered by the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan] goes in
general to the right of the State to representa-
tion at all, as illustrated by the speech which
he has made. I see no objection on precedent
or principle to proceeding seriatim against any
number of members on a presentation like
that made by my colleague [Mr. Schenck] or
a presentation like that made by the gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Benjamin] upon his
own responsibility in regard to a member ; but
I think that this thing of introducing a resolu-
tion, which in effect denies representation to
an entire State which by our own laws and our
own acts has been and is recognized as organ-
ized and entitled to representation, is without
any good precedent to sustain it.
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman certainly
misunderstood me. My resolution does not
deny representation to the State at all, but
merely insists that the State must show a loyal
representation before its members obtain seats
here.
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not misunderstand
the gentleman at all. I say that the State is
entitled to representation upon the presenta-
tion of its certificate under its great seal, and
that, the members are entitled to be sworn in
according to the established precedents of this
country unless special charges be made show-
ing them not entitled or disqualified. They
have the right to be sworn in unless there be
presented specific causes against them, in which
case I say the case ought to be referred to the
committee, as proposed by my colleague. I
believe my colleague has presented the ques-
tion exactly according to the established pre-
cedents.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] raises the point of order that
the amendment is not in order. It is hardly
necessary to remind the gentleman from Ohio,
who is an old member of the House, that a
point of order upon a resolution must be made
when the resolution is presented and reported
at the Clerk's desk. After the proposition
has been entertained and debated, any point
of order which might have been raised is re-
garded as waived by the House. The original
resolution of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schenck] is to suspend the administration
of the oath to one member-elect from the State
of Kentucky until a report by the Committee
of Elections. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Logan] moves toamend so as to suspend
the administration of the oath to all the mem-
bers-elect from Kentucky until there has been
a report from the Committee of Elections. If
the point had been made in time, the Chair
would have no difficulty in deciding it under
the precedent of the House in the Tennessee
case but as the point cannot be entertained
at this time it would not be proper for the
Chair to decide it.
Mr. BINGHAM. The Speaker will permit
me to say that I some time ago inquired whether
the resolution of the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Logan] was a substitute, and I under-
stood the Speaker to say then that it was. I
went to my colleague, and I understood that it
was a proposed amendment from him. Hence
I did not raise the point sooner. I do not
doubt that the Speaker has ruled correctly;
but I desired to make this statement in justifi-
cation of my own conduct.
The SPEAKER. The Chair feels quite
certain in the opinion he has intimated, be-
cause it corresponds with the uniform prece-
dents of the House. In the case of Tennessee,
although Congress, with the concurrence of
the President, had declared it entitled to full
representation in both branches of Congress,
the House, by a vote of 90 to 28, the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] concurring in
that vote, referred the credentials of the claim-
ants before they were sworn in to the Com-
mittee of Elections. That is a precedent which
the Chair is bound to follow. It is a precedent
made by the House, not by the Chair.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire that my resolu-
tion, as modified, be read before the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Brooks] proceeds.
Mr. BROOKS. I will yield for that purpose.
The Clerk read the resolution as modified,
as follows:
Resolved, That John D. Young, claiming to be one
of the members-elect to this House from the State
of Kentucky, be not permitted to be sworn in as such
member, but that the credentials of said John X>.
Young, together with the protest of Samuel MoKee
and other citizens of said State accompanying the
affidavits, be referred to the Committee of Elections;
and tliat the said committee be instructed to invest-
igate and report on the charges and facts of the
case, and whether said Young is entitled as a loyal
citizen to a seat in this House; and that the commit-
tee have power to take testimony, and for that pur-
pose to send for persons and papers.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Brooks] yield to me that I
may offer an amendment to the original reso-
lution ?
Mr. BROOKS. I give way that the amend-
ment may be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Add to the resolution the following: Resolved fur-
ther, That the credentials of John Proctor Knott,
who claims to have been elected to this House from
the fourth district of Kentucky, be referred to the
Committee of Elections, with instructions to inquire
as to the loyalty of Mr. Knott during the late rebel-
lion, with power to send for persons and papers.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not yield for the pur-
pose of allowing that amendment to be offered
at the present time.
Mr. Speaker, we are in the midst of a revo-
lution more potent than that through which
we have passed during the late civil war, if the
doctrines of the honorable gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Logan] are to be adopted by the ac-
tion of this House; for he has here proclaimed
principles which are in utter violation, not
only of all existing laws, but of the Constitu-
tion of the United States ; principles which
will transfer to this Hall contests which in a
civil point of view are of as solemn a charac-
ter as those which have been transacted in the
field.
Sir, I deprecate such speeches, and I depre-
cate the introduction of such resolutions.
Kentucky, bj; the Constitution of the United
States, is entitled to representation upon the
floor of this House. Kentucky has never gone
out of the Union. Kentucky, in the midst of
trials and tribulations, has ever been loyal to
this Union. Kentucky has been represented
during the whole war upon the floor of this
House by members of various parties. It is
only now, when her delegation is united, that an
effort is made to disfranchise the State of Ken-
tucky and deprive that State of all representa-
tion upon the floor of this House.
Sir, this is revolution, civil revolution, and
nothing but revolution; and I tell the honor-
able gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan] that
without any regard to the South there is a
feeling among the people of the North which
will not submit to such a revolution. No fight
will be had in the tented field. There will be
no transfer of the contest from the ballot-box
to the bayonet, but here upon the floor of this
House the Democracy of the North will meet
and claim their rights; here soon the Democ-
racy of the North will meet the Democracy of
the South and West, and here we will have a
majority upon the floor of this House.
Sir, there is a revolution already going on
in the North. There is not only a loud and
thundering voice from one of the New Eng-
land States, but more or less from all the States
of the Nqjth, and the time is rapidly coming
when there will be no longer a simple minority
of Democrats upon the floor of this House, but
a large and powerful representation of Demo-
crats here.
Now, if gentlemen are to use their power
here upon the floor of this House to exclude
