1867.
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
a State like Kentucky, what will be the conse-
quence of aptionso violent and so revolutionary 1
It cannot be done without an utter violation
of law, violation of the principles of law and
without utter violation of the Constitution of
the United States. And I tell the gentleman
that we no longer intend to submit to viola-
tions of the )aw or to violations of the Consti-
tution of the United States.
^ Sir, he says the State of Kentucky is disloyal.
There is a record of her loyalty in our armies
and upon the floor of this House. There is a
record of her representation here throughout
the whole war; and if I were to take charges
of his loyalty which were uttered against gen-
tlemen from various parts of the Union, I, as
an old Whig in I860, would be ready to charge
upon the gentleman from Illinois, then a Dem-
ocrat, tjiat he was disloyal, utterly disloyal to
the principles of the Government of the coun-
try. If these imputations of disloyalty upon
the floor of this House are to be the true tests
of representation upon this floor 
Mr. LOGAN. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me.
Mr. BROOKS. Before I go further, permit
me to say that I do not make any such charge
of disloyalty against the gentleman. I do not
know what were the purposes of his heart, and
I do not make any such charge.
Mr. LOGAN. I was not listening at the
time, and I understand the gentleman made
some remark as applicable to myself. I ask
him to repeat it.
Mr. BROOKS. Sir, I say, educated as I
was, a Whig, one of the members of the Whig
party when the honorable gentleman was a
member of the Democratic party 
Mr. LOGAN. That does not apply to me..
Mr. BROOKS. Not at all.
Mr. LOGAN. It is not necessary then to
repeat it. I understood, though I may be mis-
taken, that you made some charge personal to
myself.
Mr. BROOKS. Not at all. I was only
illustrating, arguing that these charges of dis-
loyalty against any members of tbatside or
this side ought not to be accepted in good
faith by any member of the House acting on a
contested-election case; that charges of dis-
loyalty were no disqualification for member-
ship ; that members might differ in reference
to what constituted loyalty or not. That was
the tendency of my argument.
Sir, Kentucky furnished during the war
eighty-eight thousand troops to the Army of
the United States, a State that is here attempted
to be excluded from the floor of this House,
and when one of the members now attempted
to be excluded from the floor was a major in
the Federal Army during the war. I refer to
George M. Adams.
Mr. LOGAN. How many troops did Ken-
tucky furnish?
Mr. BROOKS. Eighty-eight thousand.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman inform
us how many of these were dark-colored gen-
tlemen? Twenty-nine, I think, if you will
examine.
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman is much
better informed on that subject than I am.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman tell me
how many Kentucky furnished the rebel army?
Mr. BROOKS. I have not the statistics of
the rebel army.
Mr. LOGAN. As I am better informed
than the gentleman I will tell him. She fur-
nished forty thousand.
Mr. BROOKS. No inconsiderable part of
Illinois went over into the rebel army, and if
that were a good reason for the exclusion of
Kentucky, it would also be a good reason for
the exclusion of a large part of Illinois, Mis-
souri, and Tennessee. The declaration that I
made was that the government of Kentucky,
tlie authorities of Kentucky, the majority of
the people of Kentucky, were with the * ederal
Army through the war, and furnished eighty-
ei«*ht thousand Federal soldiers.
°Mr. INGERSOLL. One moment, to correct
a statement the gentleman has just made, it
I understood him correctly, he states thaf quite
a large portion of the people of Illinois went
into the rebellion.
Mr. BROOKS. Ohno; I say it has been so
charged.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Well, if it has been so
charged, it is time it should not be again re-
peated.
Mr. BROOKS. I think so, too.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Then I hope the gen-
tleman will not slander the State of Illinois by
repeating such charges.
Mr. BROOKS. I only repeated it to show
that reports of this character are no reason for
the disqualification of Representatives from a
loyal State like Illinois.
Mr, INGERSOLL. _ One word. The gen-
tleman knows that it is a notorious fact that
Kentucky furnished a great many troops for
the rebel army, while a very few were raised
for the southern cause living in the southern
part of Illinois—a few enthusiastic young men,
not exceeding a hundred in all, while two
hundred and fifty thousand men in that State
shouldered their muskets to crush out the re-
bellion which seeks entrance here to-day,
Mr. BROOKS. What I mean to say is
simply this: that because a considerable num-
ber of the people of any State of the Union
went into the rebellion, it is no reason for the
disqualification of members elected from that
State or for striking it out of the Union.
Now, what are the facts which are presented
in the case? A law of the Congress requires
the Clerk of the House to read the credentials
of a member presented to the Clerk. Now,
if these credentials had been presented at the
organization of this House, there is no earthly
doubt that the member from Kentucky would
have been sworn in by the Clerk and would
have voted for Speaker with other members.
The question of the right of any of these mem-
bers-elect from Kentucky to a seat would not
have been made until the House was organ-
ized, and then it would have been made by a
reference to the CommiKee of Elections. But
because it was the misfortune of Kentucky to
hold her congressional election subsequent to
March, in accordance with the requirement of
the law of the State, she lost her representa-
tion on this floor. Because it was the will of
this Congress to organize and assemble at a
period earlier than usual, the question is now
made for the Speaker of the House upon the
very credentials that would have been pre-
sented at its organization, and in the midst of
an exciting contest some ot these members-
clect are pronounced rebels, even without being
here in their places on the floor. What could
be more unjust, more utterly in violation of
precedent? Here is my friend from Kentucky
before me, [Mr. Trimble,] a Representative
in the last Congress, who has been serving
upon your committees in various capacities,
trusted by the Speaker of the House, now for
the first time denounced by the gentleman from
Illinois, or through a memorial which he pre-
sents, as a disloyal member. A member re-
elected by over 8,000 is nowunable to rise upon
the floor of this House, and pronounce utterly
untrue the statements in the memorials pre-
sented by the gentleman from Illinois. _ The
motion of the gentleman from Illinois is not
only to exclude the whole Kentucky delega-
tion, but to exclude a member who for the two
years past has been associated with him on a
committee and otherwise, now for the first
time pronounced disloyal to this Government,
and why? I will not say why; the decorum
of the House will not permit me.
Mr. SCOFIBLD. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask a question just here ?
Mr. BROOKS. Yes, sir.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Suppose disloyalty is found
by the committee and acknowledged by all;
suppose the candidate has been in the confed-
erate councils for-years or leit the service m
the confederate army; does the gentleman
from New York consider that a disquaiiuca-
tion, the fact being abundantly proved ?
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman from I emi-
sylvania win find the question he asked me
answered in the course of my argument. Per-
mit me here only to say that there is no one
thing upon whieh men differ so much as upon
the question of loyalty or disloyalty. I believe
in one species of loyalty and the gentleman
from Pennsylvania in another. Loyalty is a
word of French derivation, and means devo-
tion to the maintenance of law. In that sense
I am loyal; no man is more loyal than I am,
or have been, or ever will be. But if disloy-
alty consists in infidelity to the party with which
the gentleman is associated, if it consists in
voting for the Democratic and not the Repub-
lican party, then, like the gentleman from
Kentucky, I am disloyal from the first start,
and the gentleman can make the most of it.
I was about to say when I was interrupted
that I hold in my hand the certificate of one of
the Representatives from the State of Ken-
tucky. It is in the usual form of that old and
gallant State of the Union, the State of Hairy
Clay, a State which educated me in my Whig
principles, to which I ever have been faithful,
and to which I am faithful now. Here is the
paper:
The Commonwealth of Kentucky.
0«icjs of Secretary of State,
The undersigned, a board for examining the re-
turns of the election held the 4th day of May, 1867,
hereby certify that John D. Young received a major-
ity of th® votes given for the office oi' Representative
in the Fortieth Congress of tho United States, and was,
therefore, duly clected to that offico for tho term pro-
scribed by the Constitution in accordance with the
Constitution and laws of the United States and of the
Commonwealth of Kentucky.
THOMAS B. BRAMLJTIE.
Qovprnor of Kentucky.
JOIIN A. HARLAN,
Attorney General,
VI. T. SAMUELS. , ,
Auditor Public Accounts.
These credentials are not signed by Governor
Helm or by any of the executive officers whom
the gentleman from Illinois chooses to asperse,
but are signed by men as loyal as he or any
other member upon this floor. It is the usual
certificate prescribed by the laws of Kentucky,
and which hitherto has been received by the
Speaker without dispute. Here then are the
usual credentials, and here are the Kentucky
members claiming their right to seats in this
Hall. If you do exclude them what will be
the effect? Just the same as when you drove
me from this House because I was " disloyal,"
elected by a small majority, but rolled back
here by over six thousand majority. I tell you
that if you exclude these members from Ken-
tucky, these or some other men of the same
school of politics will come thundering back
here by over a hundred thousand majority.
Mr. Young, whose seat is particularly contested
by McKee, and who was elected by 1,500 ma-
jority, will come back here by five or six thou-
sand majority if you drive him from the floor
of this House, and that will be the only effect
of your rejection. It will increase the popular
majority of these men ; it will strengthen them
at home; it will strengthen the Democratic
party; while you are committing injustice and
wrong and outrage, it will but add to the force
and vigor of the party with which I am asso-
ciated. .10
Sir, what is this House called upon to do_/
Why, to .transform itself into a contested-
election committee, a committee on creden-
tials. This House composed of one hundred
and forty or one hundred and fifty members is
to act as a committee on contested elections,
and for this purpose ex parte affidavits are
brought here to prepare public opinion for the
justification of the act.
Here is a long document presented by a late
member of the House? Mr. McKee, wlio made
his contest fairly and squarely before the peo-
ple, and who was defeated there by 1,500 ma-
jority. He now comes here relying upon the
party majority upon the other side, hoping
that you will override all credentials, all con-
stitutions, and all laws, and give him the seat
in place of Mr. Young. Why, sir, if a man
could be sworn out of his election by ex parte
affidavits there is not a member upon the other
