474
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 3,
side of the House or upon this who can hold
Lis seat for an hour, for there are so many dis-
appointed people in every election, and such is
the exasperation of the minority, that ex parte
affidavits to any amount can be brought here
to swear out any sitting member. What a
beautiful spectacle we shall present here in
September if we continue to sit here. Ten-
nessee will be here under the authority of the
government of Brownlow, forced by packed
majorities, in all probability, to elect a large
number of Republican' members of this House,
representing an infinitesimal portion of the
people. What will be the spectacle then if
you establish this as the precedent, and ex-
parte affidavits are to exclude the Tennessee
members from this floor without reference to
the Committee of Elections? I tell you that
we can produce affidavits here by the* cart-
load, by the ton; we shall be able to swear
that violence, fraud, audacity, rebellion, the
violation of all laws human and divine, have
been resorted to in the State of Tennessee in
order to elect those Republican members of
Congress; and if you commit yourself to this
precedent you must abide by it when those
petitions come here from Tennessee. I invite
them. I invite them here on the floor of this
House. I invite the people of Tennessee to
send them in if you establish this precedent.
I say that cart-loads of affidavits and petitions
can be presented to exclude the Republican
members from Tennessee as you would now
exclude the Democratic members from the
State of Kentucky.
One of these affidavits comes from a man of
the name of William Sharp, who had a per-
sonal quarrel with Mr. Young, who was a
county judge in the State. In a case where a
citizen was arrested with or without law by
this provost marshal Mr. Young issued a writ
of habeas corpus to bring the question of the
imprisonment before hirn to test its legality ;
and thus there was excited some feeling be-
tween Mr. Young and this provost marshal,
Sharp, to which the latter seeks to give vent
on the floor of this House by presenting
through some member here his remonstrance
against the admission of Mr. Young ; and the
House, with only a partial knowledge of the
facts, is called upon to adjudicate upon the
whole case, without any reference to the Com-
mittee of Elections, and to exclude Mr. Young
when he presents the credentials of the Gov-
ernor of the State.
There is another affidavit from a man by
the name of Hockaday, of whom we never
heard before, about whom we know nothing—
a man who has turned up in Kentucky, as
Stephen Geoghegan, who swore me off the
floor of this House, turned up in the city of
New York. Members of the House will rec-
ollect the euphonious name of Geoghegan.
This man Hockaday, with a name almost as
euphonious, makes an ex parte affidavit; and
with all the abundant profusion of statement
with which Geoghegan swore in the city of
New York, Hockaday swears that Mr. Y'oung
was a colonel in the rebel army, &c., when the
records of the State will show that at the very
time when he is said to have been a colonel in
the rebel army he was every day discharging
the duties of the office of county judge in the
State of Kentucky. The Republican members
of this House are expected to be as credulous
in the matter of Hockaday as they were in the
matter of Geoghegan. If they follow that
illustrious precedent, I can only tell them that
my honorable friend from Kentucky, instead
of coming here with fifteen hundred majority,
will be returned by six or eight thousand ma-
jority.
Now, sir,'a great State like Kentucky is not
to be turned out of Congress in this way for
any such cause as that suggested by the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Logan.] Why, sir,
the majorities in that State are tremendous—
not more tremendous, however, than they are
in the gallant and noble metropolis whence I
come, for her majorities are equally powerful.
Why, sir, our city, that manned your ships
with sailors, that filled your armies with sol-
diers, that gave her millions to replenish the
national Treasury, that contributed so largely
in every way to the triumphs of the country's
flag, is no less disloyal than the State of Ken-
tucky. One of my colleagues from the city of
New York was elected by ten thousand major-
ity, eclipsing even any of the majorities of the
State of Kentucky.
Look for one moment at the majorities of
these Representatives from the State of Ken-
tucky. Mr. Trimble, from the first district,
has over eight thousand majority. Mr. Brown,
in the second district, has a majority of more
than six thousand. In the third district, Mr.
Hise had a majority of about seven thousand.
In the fourth' district Mr. Knott, against whom
the honorable gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Benjamin] declaimed so much, without any
proof of the identity of the man he describes
with the gentleman from Kentucky—without
any evidence that the Kentucky Knott and the
Missouri Knott may not be altogether different
persons 
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. BROOKS. I cannot yield now. Mr.
Knott has over five thousand majority. In the
fifth district Mr. Groverhas a majority of more
than five thousand. In the sixth district Mr.
Jones has six thousand majority. Mr. Beck
in the seventh district has a majority of more
than eight thousand. Then the eighth district
gives a majority of over three hundred for
Major Adams, a man whom the honorable gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan] would brand
as disloyal. Yet Major Adams has faced the
bullets of the rebels upon the field of battle,
and is as much entitled to credit at the hands
of the country as the honorable gentleman
himself, who might be expected to feel for him
some sympathy as a gallant soldier, who has
fought with him under a common flag. But
the gentleman from Illinois, as a Republican
member on this floor, would turn his back
upon him, and exclude him from this floor.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. BROOKS. Yes, sir.
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] has persistently, though
Ipresume notintentionally, misstated my prop-
osition as expressed in my resolution and in
my remarks. I stated that I had no charges
to make against any of these men; that I
placed my resolution upon a higher basis
entirely than that of a charge against an indi-
vidual—the disloyalty of the constituency in
the State of Kentucky, and not as the gentle-
man says, for the purpose of excluding Ken-
tucky from the Union, or for the purpose of
excluding her Representatives from this HaTl,
but for the purpose of having the Committee
of Elections report the facts to the House, and
then to let the House determine whether these
men are loyal or disloyal, and whether they
were entitled or not to seats upon this floor.
Mr. BROOKS. I ask the Clerk to read the
gentleman's resolution.
The resolution was read.
Mr. BROOKS. The House will judge. The
gentleman indorses the charges of alleged dis-
loyalty by bringing in the resolution to exclude
these members. The whole tendency of the gen-
tleman's argument, as I understand it, as well
as the tendency of his resolution, is to spread
abroad charges of disloyalty against these gen-
tlemen, and that, too, when I have shown him
Mr. Adams was a major in the Federal Army,
the highest proof of his loyalty. He has no
objection to have facts reported. But instead
of these charges being brought before the one
hundred and sixty or one hundred and soventv
members of this House they are to go before a
Committee of Elections, which stands seven
Republicans and two Democrats. The gentle-
man proposes to leave it to the Committee of
Contested Elections to judge whether there is
anything in the charges or not, and that before
they are sworn in.
But in addition to that it is tmjust to these
gallant and noble Kentuckians; it is unjust to
that old State to spread upon the record here
and throughout the Congressional Globe, and
by means of the telegraph, charges against her
loyalty, and that she should not be represented
upon the floor of this House because she aided
and abetted the rebels. The whole thing is
unjust from the beginning to the end, and it is
because it is that I have risen to refute these
charges at the time they are made.
Here are ten specifications signed by Samuel
McKee, late a member of this House in the
Thirty-Ninth Congress, against the right of
John D. Young to a seat upon this floor. In-
stead of going before the Committee of Con-
tested Elections he presents these charges in
print and lays them before the House. I am
authorized to say, I say it not for myself, but
I am authorized to say that in form, in sub-
stance, in idea, in spirit, and interest these
whole charges are false from beginning to end.
They have scarcely a foundation in fact what-
soever. And I wish the country to take notice
that these charges here made have been denied
as widely as they are made.
The second specification is:
Second. That he voluntarily fravo aid, countenance,
counsel and encouragement to persons engaged in
armed hostility thereto. That he was in full sympa-
thy, free accord and entire harmony with persons
who were engaged in armed hostility to the Govern-
ment of the United States, and who, during the late
rebellion, sought the establishment of a separate
southern confederacy.
I will not detain the House to enter into a
specific denial of these charges, although I
might do so. All I have to say is that such
allegations, such charges, such denials, are not
proper matters for our investigation, but are
proper matters to go before the Committee of
Elections, where, if these gentlemen from Ken-
tucky get even fair play, they will be morelucky
than I was when I was before that committee.
Mr. INGERSOLL rose.
Mr. BROOKS. In one moment. Now, as
regards these Kentuckians, there are but two
contested seats out of the nine members-elect.
The proposition of the gentleman from Illinois
is to" exclude the whole State. The gentleman
from Missouri introduces charges against Mr.
Knott, who was a citizen of Missouri, but after-
ward emigrated to Kentucky. In that case, in
utter violation of the law of elections set forth
in Brightly's Digest, where thirty days' notice
of a contested election is required, in utter
violation of that law he proposes here upon the
floor of this House, after that time has alto-
gether elapsed, to bring in a contested-election
case, notwithstanding the facts were before as
visible as they are now. Mr. Knott's record
was as well known in Missouri and Kentucky
as well then as now. But at this late period
of the day the gentleman from Missouri makes
a contested election in utter violation of the
law which requires thirty days' notice.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will state to the gen-
tleman from New York that I do not propose
to contest tlie election of Mr. Knott in this
House, although I am informed liis seat is to
be contested. But the point I make is this :
that Mr. Knott's disloyalty is so notorious it
should prevent his occupying a seat upon this
floor.
I take the same position the Senate of the
United States has taken in reference to those
who presented themselves to that body charged
with disloyalty—that he is an unworthy mem-
ber of the House, and as such we should refuse
to receive him.
Mr. BROOKS. The Senate did not refuse
to receivc Mr, B-ight; it expelled him.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I believe they never
received the member from Maryland.
Mr. BROOKS. What member?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. Thomas; his cre-
dentials are yet pending there.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, although I
may have addressed the House in a partisan
point of view, as the honorable gentleman from
Illinois provoked that mode of address, I
nevertheless trust and hope that the large ma-
jority on the floor of the House will look into
this election question as one of precedent and-
