476
THB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 3,
Union; men whom, as I understand, the gen-
tleman from New Ynrk is willing to see admit-
ted to seats in this House, provided they get
more votes at the election than their oppo-
nents, without reference to the question of their
loyalty.
I admit that we are in the midst of 3 revo-
lution ; but I say to the gentleman from lifew
York it is a revolution in favor of trg.th, in
favor of justice, in favor of the universal
rights of mankind. And I say, let the revo-
lution go on until these grand principles shall
be firmly established as the fundamental basis
of the American Republic.
The gentleman from New York complains
that we propose to strike Kentucky out of the
Union. Why, sir, but for the timely action of
the Union party and the loyal soldiers that
marched into Kentucky from the northern
States, Kentucky would have struck herself out
ofthe UniSm years ago. Therebels of Kentucky
did what they could to carry that State out of
the Union; and when they failed by reason of
the invasion and occupation of their State by
the Union Army, some thousands of the dis-
loyal citizens of that State took themselves
out and joined the rebel army.
The "gallant Kentucky" that the gentle-
man talks so eloquently about is not the Ken-
tucky of the last six years. The gentleman
has certainly been in a sort of Kip. Van Win-
kle sleep during that period of time. Twenty
years ago Henry Clay did honor to "gallant
Kentucky" by giving an impetus to liberty; by
his efforts as a philanthropist and an avowed
emancipationist and colonizationist. Those
were the days of " gallant'' Kentucky.
Sir, the "gallant" days of Kentucky were
not during the recent rebellion. It is a histor-
ical fact that when Kentucky could not be taken
out of the Union bodily as a State, Kentucky
rebels took themselves out, and not only went
into the rebel army, but went into the rebel
Congress. There was in that State a rebel
State government, which was recognized by
the confederate governmental Richmond. It
was formed, if my memory serves me, by re-
treating rebels, who formed the nucleus of
what they called a State government at Rus-
sellville, which was represented at Richmond
until the cannon of Grant demolished the cap-
ital reared by treason and slavery. Repre-
sentatives from the State of Kentucky took part
in the Richmond Government with John C.
Breckinridge as Secretary of War.
I ask, what kind of a record is this for " gal-
lant Kentucky?" I will give Kentucky all
just credit for gallantry. She has had and
still has many gallant men devoted to the cause
of Union and liberty. They did nobly for the
Union ; and I will tell you how I am going to
malte acknowledgment of their patriotic ser-
vices. It is by the admission of loyal Repre-
sentatives from that State to seats in Congress,
and by excluding her disloyal. That is the
way I am going to reward the gallantry of Ken-
tucky.
Now, sir, I desire to ask the gentleman from
New York a question, the substance of the
question which was asked him by my friend
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scofikld,] and which
he did not answer. I suppose he forgot it. It
is this: should John C. Breckinridge return to
Kentucky, would he not be a citizen of that
State? Has he ever lost his citizenship there
by reason of his connection with the rebellion?
Even if he has, supposing he should return to
Kentucky and reside thAe one year, would he
not be, according to the gentleman's idea, con-
stitutionally eligible to a seat in Congress, if a
majority of the people of any district there
should elect him? I ask the gentleman to
answer "yes" or "no." I have not time to
yield the floor for a lengthy reply.
Mr. BROOKS. I am a Yankee, and could
only answer one question by asking another.
Mr. INGERSOLL. If that is so, then I do
not yield. Perhaps I ought to yield, as I am
indebted to him for the floor. I thank him for
the courtesy he has extended to me, and I will
be guilty of no act of discourtesy to him. If
the House ^ill yield me five minutes more, I
will then gladly yield to the gentleman.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has one
minute remaining of the hour of the gentleman
from New York. Is there objection to extend-
ing his time five minutes?
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. BROOKS. How did the gentleman vote
in Crfjioijel Stokes's case?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I think I voted to admit
him; and I will tell you wha.t I would do if
John C. Breckinridge had done no more than
Colonel Stokes, and then, by way of atonement,
as Colonel Stokes did, had served and fought
four years in the Union Army. Why, sir, I would
admit him to Congress, if he should be duly
and legally elected, as against any man who
continued in the rebellion, and now only weeps
over the "lost cause," because it is "lost,"
and anticipates that in some future day the
"lost" star of the southern confederacy will
rise again. Now that I have answered him,
■will the gentleman be kind enough to answer
my question to him ?
Mr. BROOKS. I cannot pretend to answer
in a half minute, but I shall avail myself of
some other opportunity to state what, in my
judgment, ought to be our conduct toward the
rebels. I will not interfere with the gentleman
by answering now.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I did understand that
the gentleman from New York would make a
direct answer to this question. I have answered
him frankly. My question requires a categor-
ical answer.
Mr. BROOKS. I will answer the gentleman
at another time.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will go as far as any-
body else where magnanimity goes hand in
hand with justice, but not one inch further. I
hold it to be a violation of the principles of
justice to admit rebels as fellow-members of
this grand council of the nation.
Shall we do it? This is substantially the
question before the House. I have not argued
the case as though the evidence had been here,
but I have given my views on an alleged case;
and for one I feel it will do the country and
the Union party more permanent good in
raising and settling this question in Congress
now, provided we settle it on just and correct
principles, than any other act we shall do
during the present session. ,
I speak in no spirit of vindictiveness. I am
as anxious to see the southern States restored
to the Union upon the grand principles of jus-
tice as any man. I shall welcome here the Rep-
resentatives that the people of the southern
States shall send, provided they come with
"consciences void of offense" against this
great Republic. But, sir, if they come here
covered with fraud or stained with treason, I
shall say, notwithstanding your people have
the constitutional right to be represented, yet
the Representatives of the people, in Congress
assembled, have the constitutional right to in-
quire into your Representatives; and if they
find them to be disloyal, if they find among
them a Breckinridge or a Beauregard, or any
other who has aided and abetted the rebellion,
we will say, "Ye cannot enter here."
We will not discredit loyalty by admitting
them here, but we will vindicate loyalty by
rejecting them. I insist that we must be true
to those who have themselves been true to the
glorious, shining flag of freedom; thus we shall
be enabled to hold aloft that grand, starry ban-
ner for ages to come, and it shall float over
the Republic redeemed and regenerated, and
none but loyal men shall be trusted and hon-
ored.
[Here the hammer fell.]
■ Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I do not pro-
poseto protract this discussion by any argument.
So far as I am concerned, I wish to draw the
whole question toward a conclusion. It seems
to me that which I have proposed is plain and
practical. Persons claiming to be members-
elect from Kentucky have called, that the oath
may be administered to them, and that they may
their seats in this House. I have presented
to you and to the House, by a protest in the
case of one of them, which protest charges,
among many other things, distinctly and posi-
tively that a person claiming to be a member-
elect thus presenting himself to be sworn in is
a public enemy—that he has been a public
enemy; thus throwing upon him the burden of
proof to show that he occupies a different posi-
tion now; that he hsts been aiding and abetting
the late rebellion, and actually participating in
it as a commander-of reb.els raiding against the
lives and property of Union men in the State
of Kentucky. Along with this protest I pre-
sent affidavits, ex parte, to be sure, for these
are all, at this stage of the proceeding, which
can be presented sustaining these charges, and
upon this state of facts I ask that this man,
claiming to be a member-elect, shall not be
permitted to be sworn in and take his- seat with
the rest of us, but shall stand aside until these
charges tjuis sustained by these statements and
affidavits shall be, with his credentials, referred
to the Committee of Elections, that they may
investigate and report as to the facts whether
he is thus disqualified or not, and to have the
power to send for persons and papers, in order
to enable them the better to conduct this
investigation.
Now, sir, what is the objection ? If there
be any objection to it at all, stripped of the great
mass of verbiage with which the excited gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Bbooks] enter-
tains the House, it amounts to this: he and
any others who think with him claim that a
traitor may come here bloody with treason,
and that fact may appear probable to the
House, and yet the House has no defense or
protection, but must admit him upon the pre-
sentation of himself with his certificate of elec-
tion, and must make the inquiry afterward. If
the gentleman has claimed anything at all or
proved anything at all by his argument and
illustration, it would disable us from refusing
to administer the oath to Jeff. Davis if he were
to come here with a certificate of election.
You will not get the gentleman from New York
to say whether he would or would not vote for
or against permitting Davis to be sworn in
under such circumstances ; neither will he say
it in regard to Breckinridge, nor probably in
regard to any traitor.
Now, I can understand that, because I
know that the gentleman belongs to a party
which defes not distinguish between the man
who sustained his Government and his flag
in the time of trial, when rebellion was ram-
pant over the land, and the man who was
seeking to overthrow that Government and
trample upon that flag. He belongs to a
party which makes no distinction between the
State of New York, which did not, as an or-
ganized community and one of the States of
the Union, go into the rebellion and seek to
throw herself out of connection with the other
States, and the State of South Carolina, which
went red-handed into the rebellion in her own
character as a State and a people organized
and individually. He belongs to a party which
has not discovered even that there has been a
war, if you may judge from their public docu-
ments and the sort of argument presented by
them to the country. It is true, the gentle-
man says we are now in the midst of a mighty
revolution; but when did he discover it? Not
when red-handed rebels were trying to destroy
you and me and our country, but when the
rebellion is all over and we are undertaking
to resettle the foundations of the Government,
to get back to original principles, to maintain
law and order, freedom and peace. Then he
discovers that because some of our enemies
are sharply dealt with, because the times re-
quire sharp remedies, we are in the midst of a
revolution. I wish he and those who acted
with him had made their discovery a few years
ago. Then, perhaps, instead of their sympa-
thizing with these rebels and giving them all
the aid they could, except actual physical
help, we should have had them united with
the rest of the loyal men of the country and
