1867.
THE CONGRESSIOKAL- GLOBE.
making quicker work of putting the rebellion
down.
I donot wonder, therefore, that we have such
objections coming from such a quarter. If
you reduce all their arguments to a simple ele-
ment and statement, it amounts merely to this:
this House is asked to declare that no matter
how apparent maybe the treason orparticipation
in rebellion of >any one who comes here with a
certificate of election, we a*e bound to admit
him and postpone inquiry into the matter until
afterward.
, Sir, I present the practical question to this
House, that here is a prima facie case made
out. The House is not asked to declare that
John D. Young is not entitled to a seat here,
but it is asked to declare npon this showing
that he shall riot be permitted now to take the
oath, but shall stand back until some inquiry
shall be made into the truthfulness of these
allegations, and a report made to the House
upon which it can understandingly determine
the question ultimately and finally.
That, sir, is the case of John D. Young. A
member of the House rises in his place and
avers that within his knowledge another of
those claiming to be members-elect from Ken-
tucky, Mr. Knott, has been also a participant
in this rebellion. Sir, by the courtesy of a
deliberative body like this such an allegation
made by a member is always taken as a suffi-
cient showing upon which to base action by
the House; and if the gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Benjamin] is ready with his pro-
posed amendment to add another resolution
directing the same inquiry to be made in the
ease of Mr. Knott, I will accept that resolu-
tion to go along with mine as a part of the
series of resolutions which will then be offered
to the House.
There is a protest accompanied with affida-
vits made in relation to another of those claim-
ing to be members-elect, [Mr. Trimble.] If a
like resolution be prepared with regard to him,
or with regard to any one in reference to whom
such allegations are made, I am ready to in-
corporate it with the general proposition I
make to the House, so that either with or
without division we may vote upon all the
propositions.
But, sir, I go a little further in this, a good
deal further, some gentlemen may perhaps
think. I hold that it is not necessary (and this
is what the gentleman from New York_[Mr.
Brooks] has characterized as "revolution")
to have distinct facts presented by affidavits or
by authority, if there be within the general
knowledge of the House, to.its satisfaction,
proof that the election in any particular dis-
trict of country or in any particular State has
been so conducted that the voice of the people
hdS in all probability not been heard there, or
their will perverted, or their choice been made
distinctly, it is in the power of this House to
pause at the very threshold and direct that
an investigation be made in order to satisfy the
House with regard to any Representative claim-
ing to come from such locality, district, or
State.
In the case of the Representatives from
Tennessee, in reference to which there was
read, by the direction of the Speaker, from the
Congressional Globe this morning, a prece-
dent relating to this matter upon a question of
order, it will be remembered that among the
things referred to the Committee of Elections
to be inquired into, was the condition and state
of atfairs in the districts, in order that they might
determine whether there had been a fair elec-
tion or not.
Now, sir, for the case ot Kentucky, my creed
is very brief. I have believed all along, from
the demonstrations made, and the develop-
ments in Kentucky during the war and since
the war, that if she had gone fairly into the
rebellion, and by an-act of secession had ar-
rayed herself with what was called the south-
ern confederacy," and been whipped back into
her place, she would have been in a very much
better condition than she actually is now. I
believe from numerous letters that I have
received, from various sources of information,
from the public prints, that there has not been
a fair election in all the districts of Kentucky.
I think it probable that in addition to these
three gentlemen named, there ought to be an
inquiry made as to every one of the pine, ex-
cepting, perhaps, as to Mr. Adams, in regard
to whom I have heard nothing of this sort
alleged from any quarter. While, therefore, I
do not accept the substitute of the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Logan,] I am not unwilling
to vote that this inquiry shall be made in refer-
ence to all except Mr. Adams.
I prefer, however,.to hold my resolution at
least where it is and to accept along with it
these specific amendments, so that if a general
inquiry of this kind shall not be ordered by
the House, we shall at least have the inquiry
made in those cases in which thers are distinct
allegations. I yield now to the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Benjamin.]
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to offer the
following amendment as an addition to the
resolution of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Schenck :]
And whereas it is charged by a member of this
House that J. Proctor Knott, who claims a seat as
member from the fourth district of Kentucky, was
disloyal to the Government of the United States
during the rebellion: Therefore,
Beit further resolved, That the credentials of Mr.
Knott be also referred to the Committee of Elections
with instructions to inquire into such disloyalty,
with power to send for persons and papers.
Mr. SCHENCK. Before accepting that
amendment I will say that I am informed by
the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine]
that he has prepared a resolution which will
perhaps meet the object better than mine, and
I will yield to him for the purpose of having
it read.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, in addition to
the two cases covered by the resolution of the
gentleman frdii Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] and the
proposed amendment of the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Benjamin,] there are two other
eases of remonstrance against the swearing
in of members claiming to be from Ken-
tucky. One is the case of Hon. Lawrence S.
Trimble, to which the attention of the House
has already been called. The remonstrance
has been presented to the House and reference
has been made to the testimony in the case.
That case of Mr. Trimble is one that I pro-
pose to embody in the amendment which I
offer for the acceptance of the gentleman from
Ohio. But there is still another case standing
upon the precise ground' of the case of Mr.
Trimble. It is the case of John Young Brown.
His seat is contested by Samuel E. Smith, who
has sent forward to the proper officer the tes-
timony taken in the contest, and who also
remonstrated against Mr. Brown being sworn
in, and who furnished the affidavits which I
hold in my hand in addition to the testimony
taken in the ease, as a reason why John Young
Brown should not be sworn in, and why his
ease should take the same direction as the
cases of these other gentlemen, be referred to
the Committee of Elections and reported upon
by them.
Now, I offer a resolution precisely like that
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,]
except that it embodies the two cases of Law-
rence S. Trimble and John Young Brown. I
also send to the Clerk's desk, with the resolu-
tion, the affidavits in the case of John J°unS
Brown, which have not yet been read, and
which, I think, should be read to the House.
Accompanying these affidavits is a letter ot
Mr. Brown, dated April 18, 1801, referred to
in the affidavits as being a letter which Mr.
Brown had, in speeches made by him, ac-
knowledged to be a letter written by him, and
by which he still stood. ,, „
The Clerk read the resolution offered by Mr.
Paine, as follows:
Resolved, That Lawrence S. Trimble and John
Young Brown, claiming to be members-elect of this
Hous?from the State of Kentucky, be not permitted
to be sworn in as such lumbers; but that thevf,?™
tialsof said Lawrence S. Trimble and John Young
Brown, together with the protests of G. G. Symes and
Samuel E. Smith, and of other citizens of Said State,
tee be instructed to investigate aftd report, on the"
charges and facts of the case,' and TtnethCr 'said
Trimble and Browtt are entitled a£ 'loyfiil citizens to
seats in this House; ajid that the committee
power to take testimony, and for that purpose to
send for persons and papers'.
The Clerk also read the following j
[From the LouisvilU Couriers May 15,1861.]
Elizabethtown, April 18,18&L
Editor JLoxtvitille Courier:
My attention has been palled to the followmg para-
graph which appeared in your paper of thfe date:
* John Young Brown's ^osmon.—tmk gentle-
man, in reply to somesearGfting interrogatories p?tftt«
him by Governor Helm, said in reference to the call
of the President for four regiments of volunteers to
march against the South:
**' I would not send one solitary man to aid that
Government, and those who volunteer should be shot
down in their tracks/ * ,
This ambiguous report of fay remarks has, I fitid,
been misunderstood oy some who have read it, who
construe my language to apnly to the government
of the confederate States. What I did say was this:
Not one man or one dollar tfill Kentucky fi-
nish Lincoln to aid him in his unholy-war against the
South. If this northern army shall attempt to etoss
our borders we will resist it unto the death, and if
one man shall be foutid in our Commonwealth to vol-
unteer to join them, he ought, and I believe "frill be 
shot down before he leaves the State.
This was not said in reply to any question pro-
pounded by ex-Governor H6lm, as you have stated,
and is no more than I frequently uttered publicly
and privately prior to my debate with him. -
Respectfully* JOHN YOUNG BROWN."
Statu op Kentucky, County of Muldenbetg, tsi
On this 28th day of June, A. D. 1867, befors We, a
justice of tho peace in and for the county and State
above named, personally appeared M. J. ftoark, who,
beingby me duly sworn according to law, on his oath
dothsaythatheisaresident of Greenville, county and
State above named; and furthor,that he waspresent
at Morgantown, State of Kentucky, on tho 10th day
of April, 1867, and heard John "Xoung Brown, m a
public speech, declare and avow that ho was the
author of a letter ohargodto havebeen written by
him, a copy of which letter is herewith filed,marked
B, and made part of this affidavit. ,
M. J. ROA11K.
Sworn to and subscribed before me. by M. J.Roark,
this 26th day of June, 1867. E. G. NELL,
Justice of the Peace, Muhlenberg county.
State of Kentucky, County of Muhlenberg* as:
On this 26th day of June* A. P. 1867, before me, a
justice of the peace in and for the county ana ^tato
above named, personally appeared E. G, Jteel, who,
being by me duly sworn according to law, doth on
his oath say that he is a resident ot Greenville, State
of Kentucky; and further, that he was present at
Greenville, State aforesaid, on tho 8th day of April,
1867, and heard John Young Brown, then acandidato
for Congress in this second congressional district, in
a public speech, declare and avow that he was the
author and responsible for a letter charged to havo
been written by him in 1861, which letter is filed here-
with as part of this affidavit, and marked B. < He also
stated that in same public speech he had said noth-
ing in said letter that ho was not prepared to defend
on that day—i. e., 8th day of April, 1867. He further
admitted in same speech that for something said or
done by him (Brown) he was m the year 1865 arrested
by order of Colonel Sam. Johnson, of Seventeenth
Kentucky volunteer cavalfy, and confinedjn jail
Or^\vorn1*to and subscribed before me, by E. G. Neel,
this 28th day of June, 186£OHN WIlMAMS,
Justice of the Peace.
Mr. SCHENCK. I understand that the res-
olution of tho gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Benjamin] refers to the ease of Kfiott, and
that of the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Paine] to the cases of Trimble and Brown. -X
accept both those amendments? to be appended
as separate resolutions to the one which I
offered. . .
Mr. LO G AN. I observe that the disposition
of the House is to have a great many resolu-
tions in connection with this case, but finally
I think our action will embrace all the names.
There seems to be an idea that there must
be specific charges against each individual.
Whether that is more definite than a charge
against the whole is something for other gen-
tlemen to determine. I do not know that there
are any charges against Mr. Grover or Mr.
Jones, except the general charge made m my
resolution against fhe whole delegation. I will
state, however, for the benefit of the House, so
that some other gentleman may, if he chooses,
draw a resolution to include their names, I do
not propose to do so myself, that those' two
gentlemen were imprisoned during the war for
disloyalty.
E. G. NEEL.
