4$8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 3,
. Mr. PILE. ■ Will the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Scheitok] yield to me for a moment? •
Mr. SCBENCK. Yes, sir.
Mr. PILE. I desire to offer an amendment
to the substitute of the gentleman from Illinois.
I move to amend the substitute as follows:
Insert after the words " all the members-elect
from Kentucky," the following: " Except George M.
Adams, member-elect from the seventh district, in
regard to whose election no such allegations are
made."
Mr. LOGAN. L have no objection to ac-
cepting that amendment as' a modification of
my resolution, inasmuch as I believe there are
no charges against that gentleman. I, how-
ever, introduced my- resolution for a different'
purpose from that of attacking any individual.
My purpose was to t8st an important question
in this House. There seems, however, to be
some nervousness on this subject, and I will
therefore accept the amendment and modify
my resolution so as to include all the persons
claiming seat# as Representatives frojn the
State ofKentueky, exceptthe gentleman named
in the amendment. I believe there have been
charges made against allthe others, exceptone,
and he was the partner of John C. Breckin-
ridge in the practice of the law. [Laughter.]
Mr. SCHENCK. Having now admitted all
the amendments which gentlemen have de-
sired to offer, I was about to call the previous
question ; but the gentleman from Illinois on
the other side [Mr. Marshall] has asked for
ten minutes, which I feel disposed to accord to
him.
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I shall
detain the House but a short time, probably
not even the few minutes allotted to me by the
courtesy of the gentleman from Ohio. In the
remarks I shall make, the time being limited,
I shall not. attempt to answer any of the party
allusions or references to party made by the
oilier side of the House. It seems to me a
question of this gravity oughtto beapproached
in a different spirit from that which has been
manifested here. If possible, it ought to be
calmly and dispassionately considered, and
•solely with reference to the important rights
and grave principles involved. I was sorry to
hear one of my colleagues remark that he would
do all in his power here and elsewhere to con-
tinue and perpetuate the Republican party. I
believe gentlemen on questions of this kind
ought not to permit themselves to be influ-
enced by considerations of that character.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL rose.
Mr. MARSHALL. I have but a short time,
and my friend must excuse me.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Let me put myself
right. I understand my colleague yields to
rae for an explanation. He does me injustice,
not intentional, I hope, nevertheless injustice,
and if I suffer it to go without correction I will
be taken as acquiescing in it. I did say I
would do here and elsewhere all I legally and
rigfrtfally can to continue the Union party in
power. I did not mean without reference to
the rightfulness of the case, without regard to'
the legality of the action, but simply what I
can do rightfully and legally here and elsewhere
I will do to maintain the Union party.
Mr. MARSHALL. I know the gentleman
qualified it by using the word "legally," but,
sir, notwithstanding this qualification, the re-
marks of my colleague, taken altogether, lead
to the inevitable conclusisn that he would not
be at all scrupulous' as to the means resorted
to for the purpose of preserving the ascend-
ancy of the Republican party. I have no doubt
all honest men think or feel that the preserva-
tion of the principles of their party will pro-
mote the best interests of their Government;
that the safety or welfare of the Union is
identified with it; but that'is no reason why
any patriotic man, any Representative upon
this floor should resort to anything not war-
ranted by the Constitution and laws of the
country to continue and perpetuate any party
011 earth. The existence of our country, its
salvation, does not depend on any party. All
parties become in course of time corrupt, and
it becomes necessary for the people, for their
own safety to rise in their majesty and throw
off their yoke. When a party gets to be in an
overwhelming.majority it necessarily becomes
corrupt. Such has been the experience of the
world -from its foundation to the present time.
In my judgment the American people are
rapidly coming to the conclusion that we have
arrived at that time in the history of the Re-
publican party, especially when we hear upon
the-floor of the 3?ederal Legislature the decla-
ration that everything, the most sacred and
holiest rights, are to lie sacrificed to secure its
perpetuation. The opinion is gaming strength
everywhere; the people in the remotest corners
of the Republic are awakening to the fact that
in this uuholy struggle to retain power the Re-
publican party has sacrificed not only its own
professed principles and the material interests
of the country, but that it is also trampling
ruthlessly and wantonly upon the Constitution,
and crushing out every safeguard by which
public and private liberty are to be protected
and preserved. In the treatment of the lately
rebellious States every principle taught by the
sages of the past, every construction of our
Federal Constitution heretofore made, wiiether
strict or latitudinarian, every principle of free
government, have been disregarded, and the
country kept oscillating between anarchy and
despotism in the struggle of this party to con-
tinue its existence. And it is now evident that
it will never consent to a restoration pf the
Union until by the introduction and manipu-
lation of the negro vote and the disfranchise-
ment of our own race it can degrade the ex-
cluded States into mere dependencies of the
radical faction.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him the same question I asked the
gentleman from New York?
Mr. MARSHALL. Let it be brief.
Mr. SCOFIELD. In the case^fa man who
has been elected to Congress, who has been a
member of the confederate congress, who is
beyond all doubt a rebel, would he, in the
opinion of the gentleman from Illinois, be
disqualified from sitting here?
Mr. MARSHALL. In the opinion of the
gentleman from Illinois, so long as there is any
loyal disqualification it is within the power of
the House to prevent such a man taking his
seat. I do not doubt the power of the House,
when a gentleman appears to take his seat as
a member, to suspend the taking of the oath
in order to inquire into and determine his right
to such seat; but this power should be exer-
cised with the greatest caution and with a due
sense of the gravity of the step taken, and the
tendency of such precedent and such action to
destroy representative government itself.
In the hands of a reckless or unscrupulous
majority this power is of the most dangerous
character. By its exercise not only districts,
but whole States may be deprived of all repre-
sentation indefinitely. The safer and better
general rule unquestionably is, in all cases to
permit every one to take his seat immediately,
who comes with duly certified evidence of his
election, and, it should be a very extreme case,
indeed, that would justify a departure from it!
I do not think any such case appears against
any one of the gentlemen claiming seats from
the Commonwealth of Kentucky. These ex
parte charges and affidavits should be regarded
with great suspicion. It would be no difficult
matter to get up similar chargcs against any
gentleman on this floor, and parties presenting
them should be driven to the regular and ordin-
ary mode of contesting the seat of a member,
and the onus of proof and expense of the
contest should be thrown upon the person
testing.
The right of representation is a holy and
sacred right, and its destruction is the destruc-
tion of the Constitution and the Government
itself, and it ought not to be interfered with
except upon the gravest consideration.
In regard to this proposition concerning the
members from Kentucky I cannot go into
detail. My colleague first upon the floor did
that State great injustice. I do not charge
that it was intentionally done. He character-
izes Kentucky as a rebel State. Why, sir,
during the whole war she had her Representa-
tives here and in the Senate. It is not true
that large sections or any district in Kentucky
claimed only representation at Richmond in
the confederate congress during the war. That
there were many secessionists in that State is
undeniable, and that a portion of these assem-
bled together on the southern border of the
State and professed to hold an election for
Senators and Representatives. But this was
nothing more than an illegal, unauthorized
assemblage, and had no connection whatever
with the government of the State. That gov-
ernment was at all times loyal, and the entire
State was during the whole war represented in
both branches of Congress, and her Repre-
sentatives cooperated with those from all other
sections in maintaining the dignity and honor
of the country.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman allow me
to correct him in one remark very briefly ?
Mr. MARSHALL. I will yield for a cor-
rection only ?
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman is certainly
mistaken in reference to the history of Ken-
tucky. I can inform him that at Russell-
ville, Kentucky, in November, 1861, a provis-
ional government was organized, a legislature
chosen, senators and representatives elected
to the rebel congress. George W. Johnson,
first Governor, was killed at Shiloh. In Sep-
tember, 1862, at Frankfort, R. Hawes was
inaugurated Governor of Kentucky; while
Bragg, Kirby Smith, and Humphrey Mar-
shall's rebel forces occupied the whole State
except q. few posts on the Ohio river. R.
Hawes held this position until the war ended,
and is now a judge of a State court in the
State of Kentucky.
Mr. MARSHALL. There never was an au-
thorized rebel government in Kentucky. There
was a squad of rebels got together, as I have
before stated, and being very anxious to get
members for the confederate congress, they
made up something that they pretended to
call senators and representatives of Ken-
tucky, and thfese were received at Richmond ;
but there never was any election of members
thereto under any law of the State, as is well
known.
There is imminent danger, Mr. Speaker, in
establishing such a precedent as is about to he
established here. It is the easiest thing to get
up charges against any man. I will not under-
take to inquire now whether these charges or
any of them are true or not. I do not know
any of these gentlemen, except one, the mem-
ber from Paducah, whom I have known for a
long time as a neighbor and as a high-minded
and honorable gentleman, and in regard %o
whom I must say that I am confident that
every charge made against him here is utterly
and entirely false. But I do not propose to
go into the discussion^ of that question. I
only suggest now how' easy it is to get up
charges of this character against any one.
There has been great excitement in my own
State during the last fe>v years, great party
excitement, and charges were made in the most
reckless manner, groundless charges, too,
against nearly all the public men of the State.
I have no doubt my colleague [Mr. Logan,]
if he should see proper to do so, could get affi-
davits that I or any gentleman of my political
views was disloyal and an enemy of the Gov-
ernment of our country. And on the other
hand I could get abundance of affidavits that
my colleague was during the first months of
the war more bitterly and openly opposed to
its prosecution than any other public man of
the State of any party. I should certainly,
however, prefer no such charges against liira
for the purpose of affecting his right to his
seat, or for any other purpose.
Mr. LOGAN. Will my colleague state on
this floor that he can get charges against me
of that character which he would believe?
Mr. MARSHALL. I am not going into
that. The course of my colleague in entering
