480
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
well; that is the better way. I call the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, there
being—ayes seventy-three, noes no® counted.
The main question was ordered ; and under
the operation thereof the resolution of Mt.
Stevens was adopted.
Mr. STEVENS, of Penftsylvania, moved to
reconsider the Vote- by Which the resolution
was adopted; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
1 The latter motion was agreed to.
order os" business,
Mr. ELIOT. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That a bill perfscting and strengthening
tbq military reconstruction net, so-eallecl, or other-
wise providing for the establishment of civil govern-
ments WitMn the southern States, be reported ana
acted on as soon as practicable; that no proposition
for general legislation be entertained during this
session of Congress; and that all matters calling for
such legislation be laid on the table without debate.
Mr. FARNSWORfH. I suggest to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts to use the words
"other general legislation." Reconstruction
is general legislation.
Mr. ELIOT. I have no objection.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object to the resolu-
tion.
Mr. ELIOT. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Does not that
resolution propose to change the rules of the
House?
Mr. ELIOT. I propose to change the rules
of the House by a two-thirds vote.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Can the rules
be suspended?
The SPEAKER. They are repeatedly sus-
pended. They have again and again been sus-
pended during this Congress. The whole book
can be suspended.
Mr. DIUGGS. If that prevails, will it not
keep out the report of the Committee of Elec-
tions on general matters of legislation ? This
is general legislation.
the rules were suspended, there being—ayes
90, noes 30; more than two thirds voting in
favor thereof.
Mr. KBLSEY. I move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. J UDD. I ask the gentleman to yield to
me to offer a resolution, which, I think, the
House will approve of, to expedite business.
Mr. KELSBi. I withdraw my motion to
hear the resolution.
EXECUTIVE INFORMATION.
Mr. JUDD. I submit the following resolu-
tion :
Retained, That the Secretary of War be. and is
hereby, instructed to furnish for theuse of th elfonse of
Representatives, copies of all instructions, orders, and
correspondence relating to or in any way connected
with the execution and administration of the act en-
titled "An aot to provide for the more efficient gov-
ernment of the rebel States," and the act supple-
mental thereto.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. KELSEY renewed the motion to ad-
journ.
The motion was disagreed to.
MEXICO.
Mr. COVODE. I submit the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the President be reauested, if not
incompatible with the public interest, to transmit to
this House all the official correspondence between
the Department of State and Hon. Lewis X>. Camp-
bell, late minister of the United States to the repub-
lic of Mexico, from the time of his appointment;
also all correspondence of the Department with his
successor.
Mr, HOLMAN. I suggest to the gentleman
to modify his resolution so as to direct the
Secretary of State to furnisn this information,
and not call on the President to do it.
Mr. COVODE. The President is the
proper person to be called on.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend by
making it directory upon the Secretary of
State to furnish the information.
Mr. COVODE. It is proper to call upon
the President. Events are transpiring in Mex-
ico which make this necessary. I demand the
previous question. , , ,
The previous question was .seconded and
the main question ordered.
Mr. HolMan's amendment was
reed
to.
The resolution was adopted.
order of business again.
Mr. ELIOT. ' In the other branch a resolu-
tion of the same kind has been informally
agreed to. -I demand the previous question
on my fesolution.
Mr, JENCKES. I call the gentleman's
attention to the latter part of. the resolution.
It ought to be "referred or laid upon the
table."
Mr. ELIOT. I accept the modification.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to propound a question to the Chair, whether
it is competent Tor the House to declare in
advance by general rule it will not entertain
any proposition submitted by any_ one of its
members upon any legitimate question of legis-
lation ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will answer
with pleasure. In the rules adopted by the
House they do declare they_ will only receive
certain propositions in certain ways at certain
times. .
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. This is
a proposition to entertain only one question
during the whole session of Congress.
The SPEAKER. It is a rule adopted by
the House, but, like any other, may be sus-
pended.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Can a
rule be established to override the Constitu-
tion of the United States?
Mr. HOLMAN. The same rule was adopted
in 1861, at the July session.
Mr. ELIOT. I insist on the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move to
adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. BOYER. I ask for a division of the
resolution.
The SPEAKER. At what point does the
gentleman desire to have it divided ?
Mr. BOYER. There are two propositions;
one relates to legislation, and the other simply
to the transaction of business.
The Clerk read the first part of the resolu-
tion, as follows:
Resolved, That a bill perfecting and strengthening
the military reconstruction act, so-called, or other-
wise providing for the establishment of civil govern-
ment within the southern States, be reported and
actcd upon as soon as practicable.
Mr. BOYER. On that I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question being taken on the adoption of
the first part of the resolution, it was agreed to.
The Clerk read the concluding part of the
resolution, as follows:
That no proposition for oth,er gen oral legislation be
entertained during this session of Congress, and that
all matters calling for such legislation be laid on the
table or referred without debate.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. On that
I ask the yeas and nays.
On ordering the yeas and nays there were—
ayes 19, noes 98.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered, (less
than one fifth voting in favor thereof.)
The question being taken on the second part
of the resolution, it was agreed to.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted: and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FLOGGING OF A CIVILIAN.
Mr. GrETZ, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to communicate to the House of Representatives
such information as may have come into the posses-
sion of the Department relative to the flogging of a
civilian, by order of Colonel Dodge, at Fort Sedgwick,
for the alleged offensoof furnishmgabottle of whisky
to soldiefs, who, in citizen's dress, applied to him
for the same; and that the Secretary of War be also
requested to inform the House under what law of
the United States, or article of war, if any, the said
punishment was ordered to be inflicted.
volunteer soldiers and sailors.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill for the relief of Certain
volunteer soldiers and sailc s therein named;
which Was read a first and second time, or-
dered to be referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs when appointed, and printed. _
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, moved to reconsider
the vote just taken.
'The motion was entered on the Journal.
withdrawal op papers.
On motion of Mr. PERHAM, the papers in
the case of P. G. Pearson, asking for a pen-
sion, was withdrawn from the files of the
House.
absent members.
The SPEAKER announced that he had been
requested by Mr. Pbuyn to state that he was
compelled by business to be absent at the com-
mencement of the present session, but would
be present on Saturday or Monday next.
Mr. ELIOT stated that a telegram had been
received from his colleague, Mr. Dawes, saying
that he had left home for Washington, but had
missed the train.
reconstruction.
Mr. BAKER, by \inanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill explanatory of an act to provide
for the more efficient government of the rebel
States, iko.-, which was read a first and second
time, ordered to be printed, and to be referred
to the select committee of nine when ap-
pointed.
Mr. SCOFIBLD moved that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at four o'clock p. m.) the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, See., were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees;
By Mr. CAKE; The petition of enlisted men of the
Army detailed as clerks at headquarters, department
of Missouri, praying for additional pay.
By Mr. COBB: The memorial resolution of the
Wisconsin Editors' and Publishers' Association, for
the repeal of duties on printing paper. w
By Mr. JULIAN: The petition of William H.
Cloud, praying a pension for disability occasioned by
his military services in the late war for the Union.
By Mr. MYERS: The petition of Jonas Preston,
a sailor of the war of 1812, asking for a pension.
IN SENATE.
Friday, July 5, 1867.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, Chaplain for
the Thirty-Ninth Congress.
The Journal of Wednesday last was read
and approved.
Hon. J. W. Patterson, of New Hampshire,
appeared in his seat.
bill introduced.
Mr. EDMUNDS asked, and by uaanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 130) construing the act entitled "An
act supplementary to an act entitled 'An act
to provide for the more efficient government
of the rebel^ States,' passed March 2, 1867,
and to facilitate restoration," passed March
23, 1867; which was read the first time by its
title.
Mr, EDMUNDS. I move, pursuant to the
practice of the day before yesterday, that the
bill be printed and laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
NOTIFICATION TO THE PRESIDENT.
' Mr. ANTHONY. The committee appointed
to wait upon the President, and to inform him
that the two Houses had formed a quorum
and were ready to receive any communication
he might be pleased to make, have attended to
the duty imposed upon them by the Senate,
and the President replied that he had no com-
munication to make at present.
