1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
483.
all the northern States, and in this way help
to establish repose in all the rest of the coun-
try. And yet I am told that even this im-
portant measure is to be set aside. We are
not to enter upon its consideration ; we are not
to debate it; we are not to receive petitions in
its favor. Is this right ? Is it not a neglect
of duty ? Is it not intolerable ?
Mr. President, it is on these grounds that
I object to this proposition. I might have
objected to it in the first place as.out of order,
and asked the ruling of the Chair, not doubt-
ing how the Chair, inspired always by a gen-
erous love of human rights, must rule, not
doubting that the Chair would say that a prop-
osition of such a character was too closely
associated with one of the most odious prop-
ositions of our history to deserve welcome at
this time. I have raised no such question now,
contenting myself, should this proposition
unfortunately be adopted, with an opportu-
nity of raising it hereafter on the presentation
of individual propositions. I confine myself
now to other objections. I object to it as a
departure from sound usage ; as contrary to the
spirit of the Constitution, and as setting up an
impediment and obstruction to the transaction
of public business of an urgent character,
which you cannot neglect without a neglect of
duty. I ask you to provide for the execution
of recent treaties with Venezuela and Russia ;
to assure protection to Unionists in Maryland
and Kentucky, and to give peace to the coun-
try. Above all, do not make a bad precedent,
to be quoted hereafter to the injury of the
Republic.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on-agreeing to the amendment offered
by the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. POMEROY. Under some circum-
stances I should be glad to vote for the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Massachu-
setts. There are some measures of public
importance, I think, that ought to have the
consideration of Congress at this session.
Measures in reference to which there would be
no public detriment in having them postponed,
I think should be postponed. I do not know
precisely how the resolution of the Senator
from Rhode Island will be construed, but from
a conference with our friends here, and what
I have seen of the sentiments of our friends
in the country, I am confident that no general
legislation should be entered into. Still I
apprehend that there are some measures of
most pressing importance that we cannot
justify ourselves in resolving that we will not
take up. I do not know but that under this
resolution you might take up an appropriation
bill to appropriate money for the expenses of
the registration in the South, though I doubt
that. The officers there are out of money,
and cannot proceed with the measure to its
final consummation without it, as 1 am told.
And yet I do not know that under this resolu-
tion even an appropriation for that specific
purpose could be passed.
But there are other measures of public im-
portance that were omitted in the last Con-
gress by mistake. We ordered certain things
to be done, and did not make any appropria-
tion to carry them into effect, and the public
officers cannot obey the law of Congress for
that reason. I apprehend that some measures
of relief in that direction ought to receive the
attention of Congress. If we can learn any-
thing from what we have had in sessions past,
and if there is no change—and I do not know
0f any—we may have to wait some ten days
after we pass the bill that is provided for in the
resolution before it can be made a law. I do
not know but that the Senate propose to take
a recess during those ten days, and go off on
an excursion. I do not know really ^svhat busi-
ness we can devote ourselves to under the res-
olution. I apprehend Senators will not feel
like coming here and sitting still day by day
and waiting for a message from the other end
of the avenue. To pass the resolution, re-
stricting business, severely as it is drawn, I
think would embarrass the Senate and Con-
gress, and subject us to some censure in the
country. While I say this, I would not enter
upon any legislation relating to an} thing not
absolutely necessary by the public wants and
necessities of the country. But to say thatwe
will not do even that, I think will subject us,
as I said, to censure, and may be what we shall
ourselves regret. I know that we can suspend
this rule if we adopt it; but it will not be likely
to be suspended. I know it will take votes to
suspend it, and those who passed it will not
be likely to vote for its suspension.
Allusion has been made to the condition of
things on the frontier. I am somewhat familiar
with our disturbances there. I am one of those
who believe that a war can be prevented by a
little legislation. Wo never got any credit out
of an-Indian war yet. We prolonged one in
Florida through two Administrations, and
they both broke down in it, and it finally cost
us, in those days of prudence and economy,
$200,000,000. I never heard anybody brag-
ging about that Florida war as having accom-
plished anything. You may have a war on the
frontier now, and it may last as long and be as
expensive as the Florida war, and you will wish
after all that you could throw a shade over it
and blot it out from the records and history of
the country. You may do as you now do,
send your soldiers out there, few in number,
and they will coop themselves in a fort and be
massacred, and one outrage heaped upon an-
other; and yet I believe the civil department
Qf this country, by some legislation which we
might have, would prevent that whole war
with all its consequences both of disgrace and
of money.
Although that is my opinion, I feel embar-
rassed in voting against the resolution offered
by the Senator from Rhode Island, because
from conversation with' our friends and the
action of the other House I find the sentiment
is to do absolutely nothing not contained in the
reconstruction act of the last session with the
amendment, not even improving upon that,
which is the most remarkable feature of this
resolution, that we shall not even improve, if
we could, upon the reconstruction bill itself.
If the House of Representatives should send
us a bill, which is somewhat of an improve-
ment upon the bills passed at the last session,
we agree that if that measure was not in that
bill we will not now put it in, shutting our eyes
to improvement even, agreeing beforehand that
we will not modify our previous action to make
it any better. I would not, of course, intro-
duce into a bill now anything vitally changing
the policy that we have adopted, because our
friends in the South have organized upon that
policy; they are registering and reconstructing
their States upon it; they are defending it. I
would not show a fickleness on the part of
Congress now to change it, and make another
platform for them. Our friends throughout
the northern and western States, too, have
incorporated it into their platforms and their
creed. I am for adhering to it; but at the
same time I can see no reason why some slight
improvement may not be made without chang-
ing it materially. There is no law passed by
Congress, when you come to put it in practi-
cal operation, but what those who have the
execution of it will point out some defects in
it. Some have been pointed out to us in the
reconstruction bill. Now, ought we not to
take those suggestions and improve upon the
old bill? And yet we provide in this resolu-
tion that if the thing was not provided for in
the old bill it shall not be provided for now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, no.
Mr. POMEROY. That is the resolution of
the Senator from Rhode Island. While I am
willing and anxious to have this session con-
fined to what we come here for, while I would
not travel an inch beyond that, excepting so far
as the public-necessity and exigencies required,
still I desire to enter my protest against con-
fining ourselves entirely to making perfect and ■
complete what was contained simply in the
legislation of the last Congress. I believe it is
unwise. I do not know that it is unconstitu-
tional. I do not suppose it is. I think we can •
regulate our own method of proceeding in <3ur
ownway; but I think it is impracticable and
unwise, and will subjqpt us to censure, and that
we ourselves shall regret it hereafter.
Mr. YATES. I have but a very few words
to say on this subject. I desire that no action
of mine and that no vote which shall be given
shall commit me against any of the proposi-
tions which have been suggested by the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts, and I
should like to enter my protest against what
might seem to be an attempt on his part to
place us as against the positions which he has
assumed.
I am opposed to any legislation now except
upon the matter for which we came together.
We have- our regular sessions for business.
They are fixed in the Constitution. The times
for our meeting and for our adjournments are
fixed in the Constitution. At those regular
sessions we attend to the regular business of
the country, the necessary legislation for the
whole country. But now, sir, we are assem-
bled in special session for a special purpose. I*
will do the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts the justice to-say that he was opposed to
any adjournment whatever; but he stood soli-
tary and alone as being in favor of continuing
the session for the consideration of general
business.
Mr. SUMNER. And to watch the Presi-
dent—provide against the President.
Mr. YATES. You stood solitary and alone
for a continuance of the session for general
legislation. But, sir, 1 was for a special ses-
sion for a special purpose. I believe I occu-
pied the attention of the Senate in several
speeches, which I hated to make at the time,
because I believed that the President of the
United States would not enforce the policy
which had been adopted by Congress, because
I believed he had in his heart a wicked and
malicious purpose to thwart the legislation of
Congress and to carry out what he termed his
policy ; and a few of us—none more ably than
the distinguished Senator from Massachusetts
—contended that we should keep ourselves in
position to meet the President and to see that
the policy which had been adopted by Con-
gress was enforced and carried out.
I protest that the honorable Senator is no
better friend than I am of the various meas-
ures that he has suggested. I even claim pre-
cedence of the honorable Senator; 1 intro-
duced the first bill in the Senate for suffrage
in every State, rebel as well as loyal. And
now, because I propose simply to consider the
object for which we were called together, and
for which we hold a special session, am I to be
considered, is it to go out before the country,
that I am less in favor of that doctrine of suf-
frage everywhere, in every. State, than the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts? I am
against the consideration of that policy now,
because now is not the time. We said in our
arguments when those bills were introduced
that in two or three years our policy would be
adopted by Congress. So it will; and I say
we shall have no complete and final recon-
struction until we impose upon every loyal
State the same limitations that we propose to
impose upon the southern States. But, sir, we
cannot argue these questions now. _ We will
carry that policy; it will triumph ; it will be
the congressional policy; we will have uni-
form suffrage by congressional action in every
State, rebel as well as loyal; and it is the only
way in which we can have equal and universal
suffrage. But we must wait. That is a matter
which will require the long days and nights of
winter. We cannot undertake to discuss these
questions now, oppressed as we are by the heat
of midsummer and with a Senate only half full
and restless, impatient, and indisposed to lis-
