484
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
ten. When tie time comes for .this regular
legislation, for tlus final act of reconstruction,
we shall be able to put it through.
But, sir, I rose simply to say that in the
action I may take now I am not committing
myself against "these great propositions, but I
am for the measure for which I contended at
the end of the last session. I believe that the
President has, as we predicted he would do,
attempted to frustrate the policy and the meas-
ures adopted by Congress. I believe that this
called session is necessary; but that aJl we have
to do is to make the laws which wepassed, not
more effectual—they were sufficiently so—but
so to make them that even the astuteness and
special pleas of lawyers and attorneys general
cannot misconstrue their meaning. I am for
this policy. Why ? Because the Congress of
the United States received the sanction of the
American people in favor of'its policy. It was
a glorious policy. It was simple. The people
understood it. They approved it North and
South. The country was prospering under it.
The whole South was reorganizing under it,
and but for the intervention of the President
we should have had reconstruction so far ad-
vanced by the close of the year that we should
then have perhaps all the States in the Union.
When all those States are in the Union again,
• then by the united vote of North and South we
will establish that for which we have so long
contended, universal suffrage in every State in
the American Unions
Mr. WILSON. I desire simply to say in
regard to this matter of the protection of the
frontiers which has been alluded to here to-
day, that I went this morning to see the Secre-
tary of War, and I asked him if he desired
any legislation whatever in regard to that or
any subject in his Department. He said he
desired nothing whatever; they had every-
thing they wished for except one thing, and
that he proposed to send in on Monday, the
estimates for carrying out our reconstruction
measures in the South. They want a further
appropriation of money for that purpose ; but
as regards legislation for the protection of the
frontier or any other matters of public defense
he asked nothing whatever. Therefore so far
as that is concerned ho asks nothing of us, and
I do not know that anybody proposes anything
in that regard.
Mr. SUxVlNER. I am obliged to my col-
league for the statement he has made. I think
it is an important contribution in the way of
elucidating our duties. It shows the false
alarm under which Senators are acting. Sen-
ators are afraid that there is to be a great deal
of business suddenly thrown upon them unless
they stop the way by a now rule of doubtful
constitutionality. Now, my excellent col-
league says t^iat so far as the War Department
is concerned, which ho represents so well on
this floor, there is nothing to be feared there,
there is to bo no excess of business there. 1
dare say other Senators may soothe the sensi-
bilities of Senators in the same way, at the
same time that they might confess in the hon-
esty of their natures that there are certain
interests that at least need discussion. 1 have
called attention to two in connection with the
Department with which I aiu associated on
this floor, and where I think the Senate ought
to act. I feel pained to think that there can
be any doubt of their acting. When I see
that they are declining to act from a fear that if
they do it may open the door to some great
flux of business which at this time it is not
expedient for us to enter upon, 1 confess my
astonishment, astonishment mingled with re-
gret, for I do regret that under such circum-
stances you propose to establish such a prece-
dent.
And now my friend from Illinois will pardon
me if I say one'Word with regard to what he
has said. He knows how I always listen to
him, with what sympathy and attention, and
how I honor his early devotion to a great
cause. He was one of the first on this floor
who discerned, cteftrif-, a* t under the Constitu-
tion of the United States there could be no .
exclusion from sflffrage on account of color.
I remember well the coldness^ not to say some-
thin0* more, with which his declarations on tuat
important subject were received in certain quar-
ters ; and yet, as he sees now, they are going on
to triumph. For myself, I do not doubt that
under the Constitution <of the United States,
which contains no discrimination of color, any
•exclusion from the ballot-box on account of
color is unconstitutional. I cannot doubt how
a court properly inspired, not bred in the days
of slavery, but having sucked in the vital
atmosphere of liberty, would decide that ques-
tion. To my raind, it is too clear for argu-
ment. Nothing can come out of nothing.
There is nothing in the Constitution of the
United States to sanction any exclusion from
rights on account of color. Where then, under
that Constitution, do you get the power? Any
one who finds it in the Constitution has first
to find it in his own heart. It does not exist
in the Constitution. It cannot exist legiti-
mately in any law under the Constitution.
But now, since the courts of the United
States so miserably fail us, since they do not
set aside the interpretations which have been
foisted upon that sacred instrument in deroga-
tion of its just principles, I insist that the Con-
gress ought, at the earliest possible time, to
come to the rescue. But there my excellent
friend craves delay.
He says "wait,.'' Ah, sir, we have wailed
several generations; and now as the time
seems at hand, the Senator, who latterly has
contributed so much to the glorious consum-
mation says, " Wait a little longer." Ah, sir,
pardon me if I say it, that was the least wor-
thy speech that I ever heard from my eminent
friend. He has always spoken nobly, grandly,
beautifully, for human rights, and has come
forward generously into the fore front. I
know that he feels now as he always has felt;
but 1 regret that he will not join now in press-
ing that important question to a decision. The
country needs the decision. Our friends in
these States need it. They crave your protec-
tion, they beseech it; and my excellent friend
says "wait." He seems to believe that we
may pass that law as some final cap-stone on
some future Fourth of July, perhaps, to com-
plete this edifice of reconstruction. No, sir ;
1 regard it as a practical measure which we
ought* to passat once. If I could I would
pass it before I slept to-night. I would carry
.that beautiful remedy into Maryland and Ken-
tucky, ay, into Pennsylvania—I hope my friend
over there [Mr. Buckalbw] is not disturbed—
and into Connecticut and into Ohio, too. I
would carry it into every State ; so that where
ever we looked in our country we might find
every State with a republican government.
Who is there now that will say that a State
which excludes voters merely on account of
color is a republican government,? Is there
any Senator that will aver that ? He may aver
that it has been so regarded; but is there any
Senator, on his responsibility as a Senator, who
will take that side of the proposition? If he
takes it now, I know that his children hereafter
will regret it.
Why then delay, especially why setup on your
records a barrier to discussion ? Welcome, at
least, the discussion. There can be no harm
in that. " Hail, holy light! " There can be
nothing but joy and advantage in light, and
yet Senators will by their votes absolutely cut
off discussion oil this important question ; some
of them, perhaps, desiring to avoid it entirely,
others, like my excellent friend from Illinois,
postponing it to be some future cap-stone of
some great monument. No, sir; the question
is too important; it ought to be considered at
nnce. There is no business which should
take precedence of it.
And that brings me to the proposition with
-which the Senator from Illinois began. He
said that we had come together now for a spe-
cial purpose. How can he say that? Who is
authorized to say that? T find no authority
for it. The Senator misunderstands the au-
thority under which we are here. We are here
by virtue of th® Constitution of the United
States and an act of Congress. That is our
authority. The Constitution says:
"The Congress shall assemble at least onee in every
year, and such meeting shall be on tlie first Monday
in December, unless they shall by law appoint a dif-
ferent day."
Very well; by law they did appoint a meeting
on the 4th day of March, and we are here now
under that law, the present session being but
a continuation or a prolongation of the session
which was then begun. My friend, therefore,
is mistaken in his view of the character of this
session. We are therefore a Congress assem-
bled by virtue of an act of Congress to consider
all .the public business.
Mr. YATES. I will ask the Senator whether
he believes this session of Congress would have
been called together if Congress had been as-
sured that the President would fully carry out
the military bills to which he has referred?
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator asks me if I
believed we sh'ould have had this session of
Congress 
Mr. YATES. If Congress had had faith in
the President and his good intentions to carry
out the measures which were then adopted by
Congress, not measures hereafter to be passed.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not believe Congress
would have come together if they had had
faith in the President. I believe that the
meeting on the 4th of March had its origin in
the want of confidence in the President. I
believe my friend agrees with me in that.
Air. YATES. Yes.
Mr. SIJJINEE. It, was to counteract and
watch the President that we met on the 4th of
March. When the session which began on
the 4th of March was about to adjourn, pro-
vision was made for the renewal of that ses-
sion, or a continuation or a prolongation of
it, if you may so regard it. I take it in the
same spirit with the original enactment.
It was to provide against the President, and
to do such other incidental business as the
public interests might require. For one, I
never had any real doubt that there would be
a session on the 8d of July. I so stated on
the floor at the time the resolution passed.
I have so stated constantly since, and I have
advised more than one gentleman connected
with Congress, who was about to leave the
country, not to leave it, because his post of
duty was here. I believe that I have an-
swered the question of my friend.
And now one word more, and I have done.
I was speaking of the character of this session.
We are assembled under an act of Congress
and the Constitution. By the Constitution it
is provided that each House may determine the
rules of its proceedings. That is all it can do.
It may not annihilate proceedings ; it may not
forbid proceedings. It may provide rules for
them; but it cannot, in a just sense, prevent
proceedings. It is, therefore, that I submit
that the resolution under consideration, if not
positively unconstitutional, is contrary to the
spirit of that instrument.
Mr. ROSS. I rise simply to correct a mis-
apprehension which would naturally be cre-
ated by the statement of the Senator from
Massachusetts who sits nearest the Chair, [Mr.
Wilsox.] I also visited the Secretary of War
this morning in connection with matters upon
the frontier which have been introduced here;
and was informed by him that it would be im-
possible to adopt the measures which we ask,
and which we consider are essential for the
preservation of the peace of that country, with-
out further appropriations.
Mr. President, there is already a state of
war in that country. It is not so much for the
avoidance of war as for its, suppression that
we desire legislation. A war has existed thero
for some months, and the Army has shown
itself, so far, utterly incompetent for its sup-
pression. What we now want is authority from
Congress for the raising of volunteers, men
