THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
Mr. GRIMES. Oh, no; that ought not to
be pasSed without a reference.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us act upon this
first.
Mr. SUMNER. The motion of the Senator
from Kansas is entirely right; for if you act
upon this resolution and adopt it, as the Sen-
ator from Illinois is disposed to do, I believe
you cannot act on the House resolution. Here
is a resolution, as follows:
" That the thanks of Congress be tendered to Ma-
j or General Philip H. Sheridan for his able and faith-
ful performance of the duties of commander of the
military district in Louisiana/'
Now, if the proposition of the Senator from
Rhode Island is adopted, we cannot act on this
joint resolution; it is out of order; you cannot
thank General Sheridan.
Mr. ANTHONY. I beg the Senator's par-
don. There will not be a single Senator op-
posed to that resolution. It can be passed
unanimously.
Mr. CONKLING. This resolution only ap-
plies to legislative business.
Mr. SUMNER. Is not this legislative busi-
I16SS? '
Mr. ANTHONY. But if it is, I apprehend,
by the unanimous consent of the Senate, the
order can be suspended or rescinded for the
time being.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Kansas has not resigned his right to
the floor.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not object to the
interruption. I simply say that if this resolu-
tion of the Senator from Rhode Island is to
pass, we ought to live up to it religiously.
The fact that we can pass over it by unani-
mous consent is another reason why we should
now postpone it. I expect to vote for the Sen-
ator's resolution ; but still it is against my
will. I expect to vote for it, and therefore I
do not want to embarrass myself, and it is on
that account that I want it laid aside inform-
ally until we can pass the joint resolution from
the House. I do not suppose anybody wants
to refer that.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have no objection to
its being laid aside informally ; I object to its
formal postponement.
Mr. POMEROY. No committee, I conclude,
want to report on the subject of thanking Gen-
eral Sheridan. It is a general proposition
which has passed the House and is before the
Senate. I therefore move that the resolution
under consideration bo laid aside to consider
that resolution.
Mr. GRIMES. I trust that after this debate
has proceeded until it is nearly exhausted, or
ought to be nearly exhausted—two hours—'We
shall not postpone the consideration of it in
order to take up another resolution, and then
have this debate all over again to-morrow or
at a subsequent hour of this day. We all
understand perfectly well what is the spirit of
the resolution offered by the Senator from
Rhode Island. It is that business shall not
be initiated in this House. I undertake to say
that if the House of Representatives send us
any bill, and a majority of this body are satis-
fied that itought to pass, they will not consider
themselves restrained by having passed this
resolution from going on and passing that bill
if they choose to pass it, and any action of the
House of Representatives on a House bill as
it comes in will be legally and logically a
repeal, so far as that action takes place, of
this resolution which we now have under con-
sideration.
As to the joint resolution that comes here
from the House, I have always believed that a
compliment, if you desire to present it, car-
ried agreatdealmoreweightif you presented it
after due deliberation than if you did it appar-
ently on the spur of the moment and upon an
impulse; and I apprehend that General Sheri-
dan, if that resolution comes from a committee
of this body who have taken the trouble to in-
vestigate the grounds upon which Congress sees
ht to bestow, this highest reward that can be
bestowed apou an American officer and an
American citizen, will regard it as a greater
compliment than if we should take it up and
pass it in the manner in which it- is proposed
to pass it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask unanimous consent
to correct a clerical error in the resolution
which I had the honor to present The word
"legislative" should have been inserted be-
fore the word "business" in the first line, so
that it would read "no legislative business."
That was in the original draft of the resolu-
tion, but in the copying it was left out by mis-
take.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That
amendment will be made, if there be no
objection.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think there can be no
object whatever in passing the resolution of
thanks now. All our rules and all our orders
are subject to suspension by the unanimous
consent of the Senate, except in those cases
where it is provided to the contrary in the rules
themselves ; and I presume such a resolution
would not be objected to by any Senator ; and
in spite of this order, if there be any business
of such pressing necessity that it will pass the
Senate unanimously, of course the rule will be
unanimously suspended. I think, therefore,
we had better go on and pass the resolution
before us.
Mr. POMEJROY. I apprehend that any
individual objecting to the passage of thereso-
lution of thanks would defeat its passage, after
the adoption of the resolution of the Senator
from Rhode Island.
Mr. ANTHONY. So it would now for
to-day.
Mr. POMEROY. Unless we proceed to
reconsider the resolution. We might proceed
to reconsider the resolution, and in that way
a majority of the Senate might dispose of it
and prepare the way for the passage of the res-
olution of thanks to General Sheridan. But
not wanting to conduct the business in that
way, I thought it was easier for us to suspend
action upon the resolution of the Senator from
Rhode Island. I do not know how long the
debate will continue, and pass the resolution
of thanks as it came from the other House.
It coiJd not have been reported there from any
committee. Under their rule, they have not
a committee that can report on this subject.
Why send it to a committee in the Senate?
The Senator from Iowa says that it will be
more valuable and have more character if it
eomos from the Committee on Military Affairs.
It could not have come from any such commit-
tee in the House. It has the weight of the
House with it here, and if it passes the Senate
without a reference, it will have the weight of
the Senate and the country. I should like to
have the sense of the Senate at least on the
motion I make.
_ Mr. BUCKALEW. I think that a resolu-
tion of compliment passed by the two Houses
is not an act of legislation. It does not require
the signature of the President, ajid has not the
effect of law. It is certainly an abuse of terms
to speak of it as an act or measure of legisla-
tion.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator must bo
aware that all these resolutions go to the Pres-
ident.
Mr. BUCKALEW. No, sir, I think' not.
Mr. POMEROY. They have done so. I
have seen it.
Mr. B UCKALEW. I think it too clear for
debate that the question which has been raised
by the Senator from Kansas has no foundation
in point of fact.
Mr. SUMNER. On the question of what
that resolution isl desire to make one remark.
It is not a concurrent resolution. If it were
so, then of course it would not be alegislative
act, nor would the signature of the President
be needed ; but it is a joint resolution, which
must pass both bodies of Congress and then
receive the approval of the President. It is,
therefore, just as much a legislative act as the
act of reconstruction, and it will take itsplaec
hereafter in your statute-book precisely as your
act of reconstruction takes its place there,
except as my friend [Mr. Howe] reminds me,
that it will be classed under the head of "res-
olutions," instead of statutes. That is the
distinction with regard to it. It is a legisla-
tive act, and I beg Senators, therefore, when
they act upon it not to forget that they are
about to adopt a legislative act which does not
concern reconstruction.
Mr. HOWARD. The motion before the
Senate is to postpone the resolution under dis-
cussion, offered by the Senator from Rhode
Island, for the present, for the purpose, I sup-
pose, of taking up the complimentary resolu-
tion to General Sheridan.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is
the question now.
Mr. HOWARD. I shall be obliged to vote
against that motion of postponement. So far
as I understand and have been informed re-
specting the administration of General Sheridan
in his department, I am quite persuaded that
he has acted in good faith and with most be-
coming energy, and with an eye single to the
carrying out of the reconstruction legislation
of Congress; and in those respects I cannot
doubt that he deserves the compliment con-
tained in that resolution. But, sir, we are not
to forget that General Sheridan is only one of
five generals who are charged with the same
identical duties in respect to their military dis-
tricts to which they have been assigned. I
have heard 110 special complaints against any
one of the other officers m charge of their
respective districts; and I presume, from all I
have heard, that all of them have endeavored
at least in good faith to do the same thing.
They are perhaps as deserving of the compli-
mentsof Congress as is General Sheridan. At
all events, I think we had better pause a mo-
ment and hear from them and their respective
administrations before we thus single out Gen-
eral Sheridan as the proper object for an espe-
cial compliment. I do not think that General
Sheridan himself would desire a compliment
to be paid to him at the expense of his brother
officers, charged with precisely the same duties.
I hope, therefore, that the motion of postpone-
ment will not be adopted, but that we shall
proceed to act upon the resolution of the hon-
orable Senator from Rhode Island and endeavor
to pass it to-day, for I think if we are to pass
such a resolution, the sooner it is done the
better, and we shall thus know exactly the
extent of our probable legislation at this session
of Congress.
The PRESIDENT jjro tempore. The ques-
tion is on suspending for the present the con-
sideration of the resolution of the Senator from
Rhode Island for the purpose of taking up the
other.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I see it is understood by
our friends that we can pass the resolution of
thanks after the one offered by the Senator
from Rhode Island has become the order of
the Senate. Understanding that to be the
sentiment of the Senate, that we can take it
up and consider it after the adoption of the
resolution of the Senator from Rhode Island,
I shall not ask for the yeas and nays upon my
motion.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. President, if I can
have the attention of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs for a moment, I only
rise to allude to the statement which that Sen-
ator has made to the Senate, that the Secretary
of War has informed him that he needs no
legislation whatever with regard to Indian
affairs.
Mr. WILSON. Military affairs.
_ Mr. THAYER. Very well; military affairs,
in connection with Indian affairs, I suppose.
No Senator has stated that he does need any.
I do not know that he does, and have not heard
that he does. I have the utmost respect for
the Secretary of War; but he speaks only for
the military department of the Government. I
have been informed by the heads of the Bureau
of Indian Affairs that some legislation is abso-
lutely necessary at this session of Congress. If
