488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Julj 5,
tiers, are now looking to us with- most anxious
eyes. I am willing to sit here a considerable
time to relieve them if it be in our "power to
do so. , .
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. _ I am very slow
to believe that any legislation in the line indi-
cated by the Senators from the frontier is at
all necessary. In the first place, we have no
information from- the War Department that
they desire it. General Sherman is in com-
mand of the frontier, and has been for many
'months. It is fair to presume that he knows
quite as much in regard to the needs of the
frontier and what is necessary for its defense
as can possibly be known by what are termed
the pioneers and the border settlers. I stand
exactly on that fact, then; as we have no infor-
mation on the subject from the constituted
authorities; as those who undoubtedly have the
best information on this subject^ who have
every means and whose duty it is to know,
make no communication and ask us for no aid,
and when they are advised with on the subject
say that on their view of the subject none is
needed, I think the presumptions are all
against it.
But, Mr. President, I go a little further. I
do not intend to do more than touch this sub-
ject, because it is a pretty large subject, and
behind what is proposed here is more perhaps
than would be imagined, as you will find if
you enter upon it; and I do not intend to
characterize anything that has been said or
what is demanded in the way of securities or
anything of that sort. I am not satisfied, from
the opportunity I have had for examination
into Indian affairs, that the wrong is all on one
side, or that the injuries are all on one side, or
the aggressions are all on one side; and when I
say so, I do not think I cernpliment the sava-
ges much, either. There is a state of feeling
and sentiment on the frontiers which renders it
impossible that even decency can bo shown
toward the savages. This is not a new subjcct
to the Senate. We have had for a little over
two years, I believe, an investigation by one of
tlio most important committees of the Senate
into this very subject of Indian difficulties.
They have been on the spot; they have taken
testimony; they have gone at large and ex-
amined personally ; and they reported to the
Senate lust year: and what was the result of
it? Why, sir, in every instance they have told
tho Senate and the country that we are the
savages; that the aggressions have been in
every instance on our side; that the Indian
wars on the frontier were the result of our own
indiscretions and absolute aggressions on the
rights of the Indians. That is the record here
in a very elaborate report, covering some four
Or five hundred pages, with the full testimony
as taken of officers on the frontier, Indian
agents, and those who had the best means of
knowing everything in regard to it. The result
of the whole matter is, from a committee of
your own selection, that tho Government and
people of this country are all wrong on this
subject: that tho Indian war of 1804, which
cost the Government $!),000,000, was the result
of our own folly, our own misdeeds ; and a
good deal more might be said in the same line.
That which followed it in 180-5 was character-
ized undoubtedly by Indian atrocities; but who
began it? The committee say we began it;
it was altogether our fault, altogether the
indiscretions and aggressions of our own peo-
ple ; and that cost us $29,000,000, it is said.
i mi more believe in the necessity of this
Indian war than I believe in the necessity at
this moment of a war with Mexico; not a bit
of it. I do not mean to ignore the fact which
all these gentlemen from the frontiers testify
to, that there is collision. That is so undoubt-
edly. Are we ignorant of the fact that we are
spreading Our population now right in contact
with these Indians? And are we ignorant of
the fact that there is an utter disregard of the
rights of these Indians under the treaty stipu-
lations you have made with them? Is there
any Indian reservation in Kansas or Nebraska
or anywhere else that is not absolutely invaded
to-day, and the rights of the Indians set aside
as if there were no treaty stipulations. Every-
body that knows anything about Indian affairs
knows that is true everywhere. You make
treaties with the Indians; you put them in
advance of your population ; and the moment
your settlers advance and come in contact
with them, they take possession bodily, and
then comes collision, and then the savage
shows his character, and then treaties are made
to push him further away.
Now, sir, in all this country which is cov-
ered by the order of General Sherman, there
are treaty stipulations which secure that land
to the Indians—if there is any sueff thing as
securing it; and if we go upon the theory that
they are independent nations and make treat-
ies with them, those treaties are to be observed.
They are entitled to that country by treaty
stipulations, and the order of General Sher-
man supersedes those treaty stipulations in
every instance. If they were independent na-
tions in the sense in which our theory assigns
it, of course it would cause a war. They have
a right to go to war and show cause to the
civilized nations of the earth.
I will not vote a dollar to prosecute a war
against these Indians on my present informa-
tion and belief upon this subject. I do not
believe it necessary. Whatever is necessary
for defense against the madness and extreme
savageness of those tribes in their infuriated
condition, growing out, as the evidence is
before us,'of our own aggressions, of course I
am willing to vote. If General Sherman and
the War Department say that they have not
sufficient force for the protection of the front-
iers, let them say it, and I shall be very glad
to vote the means, both men and money, to
enable them to defend the frontiers and the peo-
ple of the frontiers against the savage bands.
J3ut, sir, I am not willing, while the record
stands as I say it does, to authorize a war of
extermination, a war for the scalps of these
people. I do not believe in it. Let us per-
form our treaty stipulations; let us do our
whole duty to these Indians; and then it will
be time enough for us to talk about extermin-
ation.
I have said all that I rose to say, which was
simply to express a doubt whether any legisla-
tion on this subject is necessary at the present
moment.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not wish to protract
this discussion on the amendment offered by
tho Senator from Kansas ; but I must beg the
indulgence of the Senate for one moment, while
I make a brief reply to some of the observa-
tions made by tho Senator from Maine.
It is undoubtedly true that in their inter-
course with the whites, the Indians are from
time to time imposed upon and defrauded.
The whole history of the Indian tribes from
the discovery of the American continent to the
present moment evinces that truth; but it is
equally true that the Indian himself in his nat-
ural characteristics is wanting in good faith.
The history of the tribes and of their affairs
in this country has, I will not say uniformly
shown, but has generally shown that as tribes
and nations, they are regardless of the faith
of treaties; and it cannot be truthfully said
that the causes of these collisions always arise
from among the white men. There are wrongs
committed upon tho white man and upon the
white settler especially, by the Indians, which
are totally unprovoked ; and this has been
true for the same length of time.
Now, sir, how is it at the present time upon
the frontier? We have all seen a recent order
of General Sherman, whose truth certainly
cannot and will not be questioned, announcing
to the people of his department that they must
arm themselves and defend themselves by
means of their own volunteer soldiery, for he
is unable with the means placcd in.his hands
by the Government to protect the frontier from
Indian incursions. Here is a state not of
actual, formal hostility between the whites and
the red man, but a state very nearly bordering
upon it, astate of things which is evinced from
day to day by incursions made by Indians for
the purpose of plunder, the stealing and carry-
ing away of horses and other articles of per-
sonal property, secret assassinations by means
of the tomahawk and by means of the arrow,
the destruction of fathers and mothers in their
cabins upon the frontier, and, horrible to relate,
the deliberate butchery of helpless infancy in
the cradle. All these atrocities of which the
white settlers complain cannot be entirely
causeless and groundless; undoubtedly there
may be acts of imposition and injustice prac-
ticed by our own people upon the Indians;
but shall we say, because a few white men
upon the frontier do acts which in themselves
are unjust, thus calling down upon them the
vengeance of the tomahawk and the indiscrim-
inate slaughter of families, that we will do
nothing; that we will not recognize our obliga-
tion to protect our own countrymen, because a
white man in one particular instance happens
to be in the wrong? I think not.
I have no longer that peculiar sympathy,
that romantic sympathy which haunts the
minds of the young and the novel readers in
this and in other countries, and which teaches
to some minds that the Indian is a very heroic
and admirable character. I believe nothing
in all that romance and in all that farce. It
is true, as the Senator from Nebraska [Mr.
Tipton] has said, that the proper, and I may
say the only means of inspiring the Indians
with reverence for the authority of the United
States is to show him our actual power. He
will respect that when he knows that his own
destruction is to be tho penalty to be inflicted
upon him for infringing upon our laws and
murdering our people. But at the same time,
sir, I do not preach up an indiscriminate
slaughter and annihilation of the Indian tribes.
We must, however, use toward them that
amount of physical force which is necessary
to restrain their vicious inclinations and to
compel them, so far as is possible, to observe
the rales which prevail among civilized na-
tions that go to war. After all, the great con-
test between the Indian tribes in this country
and the white population is the contest nat-
urally and inevitably growing out of savagery.
It is the fight between barbarism in its worst
form and civilization; and mourn over its con-
sequences as much as we may, and deplore
them as much as we may, we cannot avert
them; and it is our duty to stand up and de-
fend the spirit of our own institutions and to
defend our own people against the atrocious
aggressions of private murder and savage
rapine.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the question before
the Senate was anything like that suggested by
the Senator from Michigan, I might vote with
him; but it is very unwise to change the issue.
The issue is not whether we are disposed or
not on all proper occasions and whenever it
may bo necessary to protect our own people on
the borders and elsewhere. I am as much in
favor of that as anybody. If Indian wars arise,
whether rightfully or wrongfully so far as we
are concerned, and we are in absolute collision,
we must do all that is necessary in order to
put an end to the war and protect the people
on the border. I agree to that fully. But, sir,
that is not the question here; and there is no
call for the kind of eloquence which we hear
more or less of at every session about Indian
barbarity and the frauds and abuses of our
white people with reference to them. That is
a moot point about which there are differences
of opinion. _ I have mine; but here, on this
occasion, it is unnecessary to express what I
think. The question simply is, whether we
shall make an exception in this case of the
necessary or any legislation upon this subject,
in the resolution which we propose to pass;
whether it is wise to make an exception there.
It is a question of expediency with regard to
the business of the Senate. That is all there
is of it—not a question of Indian warfare gen-
