1867.
TUB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
erally, or the-protection of our people, or offer-
ing a regard- for the scalps of Indians as pro-
posed by the Senator from .Nebraska on iny
right.
Now, sir, what is the design of this resolu-
tion? Nothing more nor less than to designate
the business which, as at present advised, we
think it necessary to do at this present session;
that is all; and gentlemen have stated the
grounds upon which we present that question;
that whatever may have been the opinion and
the prophecy of the honorable gentleman from
Massachusetts, when we adopted the resolution
with reference to an adjournment, the general
sentiment was that there would be no occasion
whatever for a session, and that there would
not be a quorum present. Events have occurred
to render that necessary in the judgment of
gentlemen who have come here; and the ques-
tion is, whether, as at present advised, we will
confine our attention to the matter which
called us here specifically; that is all.
Now, what is the object of it? The object
is to notify all gentlemen that we do not mean
to go into general legislation, and that all peti-
tions and all resolutions and everything of that
sort will, as a general rule, be disposed of by
laying them upon the table for future action,
if gentlemen see fit to offer them. The design
is to prevent an embarrassment which will
arise from the disposition of every Senator to
present his own peculiar matters of interest,
and not to exclude what hereafter in the course
of the session we may possibly think it neces-
sary to do. If it appears in the course of this
session, before we adjourn, by competent tes-
timony, that it is best to legislate on this sub-
ject at any period, I am perfectly willing to do
it; but if we make an exception in this case,
now, how can we refuse to make exceptions in
other cases? If this amendment is adopted,
some other gentleman will offer another excep-
tion, and that will lead to a long debate, and
we shall get into it as we do in the case of
amendments or bills offered by an opposition,
and there will be" no end to it, and we shall
accomplish nothing, and the resolution, if we
pass it, will be good for nothing.
It has been stated, and correctly stated, that
if evidence is offered to the Senate that there
is a necessity for immediate action at this ses-
sion on the subject of the Indian hostilities
upon the borders, all Senators being convinced
of that will be ready to take it up and act upon
it. This matter is fully in our control; and
why should gentlemen be so urgent to control
the views of the Senate on this subject directly
in the face of the testimony which has been
offered here by competent authority? Does
anybody pretend to doubt that Mr. Stanton,
the Secretary of War, believes what he says,
that there will be no occasion for legislation?
There is competent authority on the subject
from a man perfectly acquainted with the sub-
ject. Certain Senators who live on the borders
say they differ with him, that they think there
is'occasion for legislation; but it is a mere
difference of opinion. Let them talk the mat-
ter over and convince their friends on this
floor that it is so, and nobody will be more
ready to vote to rescind this rule in such a case
than I will.
Allusion has been made, or I would not
allude to it, by the Senator from Pennsylvania
and another to a consultation on this subject;
and a consultation was proper on the subject.
It was perfectly proper that we should under-
stand each other and each other's views; and
this matter was all considered, and all debated,
and all decided. When I reflect that I was
called to order, not exactly that, but lectured
on this floor by an eminent Senator for express-
ing a private opinion to - a member of the
House that the decision the Senate had come
to on a certain measure was not a correct one,
although I supported and voted for it and
stuck to it in my votes, it is a little singular t©
me that gentlemen who went into that consult-
ation, argued their views in full and voted,
should now come in here and say they are not
bound by anything that took place in consult-
ation with their friends. I shall remember it
for future occasions as applicable to my own
Mr. SUMNER. Th© Senator does not refer
to me as having lectured Mm before.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir, I do not. I
do not accuse the Senator of that. He never
undertook it that I know of.
Now, sir, with reference to this matter, all I
ask is that the thing shall Be done as we have
been in the habit of doing it; that gentlemen
should be bound by the rule which they apply
to others. Let them labor to convince their
friends, and nobody is more ready to be con-
vinced than I am, that with reference to this
particular thing it should be taken out of the
operation of this rule after we have once
adopted it, and not oppose its adoption in the
first place just as it was agreed upon and
understood. I speak of it with freedom; I
should not have spoken of it had it not been
mentioned by others. But I deemed it emi-
nently proper—it is always proper for the
majority, in my judgment, who have to be
responsible for the business of the Senate, to
have a consultation among themselves upon
the mode which shall be adopted of carrying
it on, and what shall be taken up, especially
at a time like this. It is a matter of public
propriety which I am ready to defend every-
where. I only go a little further and say that
when it has been done, gentlemen who find
themselves in the minority should not bring
their warfare into this Senate Chamber.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator from Maine
has stated very clearly, as he always does when*
he makes the effort, the exact question now
pending. It is, as I understand it, whether
this resolution shall be so modified as to make
an exception in the case presented by the Sen-
ators froifi two or three of the States of the
frontier, which they deem of great importance,
requiring the immediate attention of Congress.
They say that the frontier is greatly exposed;
that a general Indian war has been commenced,
which is likely to become general; that citizens
are being massacred, and that it is possible to
avert the danger, to end this bloodshed and
thus curtail the expenditure of public treasure;
and therefore move to amend the pending res-
olution so as to leave the way open for the
proper legislation to effect this result. The
Senator from Maine thinks that when gentle-
men of a particular political faith consult to-
gether and come to a conclusion in relation to
public measures, they ought to be bound by the
decision of tbe majority. I agree with him
fully. But there is a fact of some importance
in connection with the consultation which has
not been mentioned by the Senator from
Maine; and that is, that the phraseology of no
resolution was agreed on in that conference.
The general subject was discussed, and perhaps
some formal proposition made on the subject;
but a gentleman was requested to draw up a
resolution covering the subject-matter, and
present it in the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will re-
member that a resolution was formally agreed
upon, and that the understanding was that the
phraseology should be so amended as to make
it proper for a resolution of the Senate. The
particular subject-matter was agreed to, and it
is in that form now.
Mr. HARLAN. And that resolution has
been presented and amended in the Senate
with the concurrence of the Senator from Maine
and the gentleman who offered it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Only by restoring words
that were stricken out by mistake.
Mr. ANTHONY. As I moved the amend-
ment, I desire to say that the amendment was
to correct a clerical error. The resolution
was agreed upon in consultation with our
friends, and the word "legislative" was left
out by mistake in copying the resolution. It
was in the original.
Mr. HARLAN. As I understand, there was
no original resolution that was agreed to in
terms." The general subject was agreed on;
and I feel bound by the conclusion of that con-
sultation, except so far as facts coming to ac-
knowledge since, not known at the time, jus-
tify a departure. But3 Mr. President, sinfte
that consultation, important facta ha-v©' been'
elicited that were not known to that caucus,
at least as fully as they are now known, de-
manding serious consideration. It is now-
stated that citizens of the United States on the
frontier are being slaughtered by the savages,
which Senators tell us could be prevented by
judicious legislation. They believe that some
remedial legislation would prevent this' de-
struction of human life, and probably the use-
less expenditure <St treasure. The Senators
representing States immediately on the border
all concur in this statement of facts. It is also
patent to us that the Representatives and Sen-
ators from the States beyond Kansas and Ne-
braska are not present, except one Senator
who happened to be delayed on this side of the
mountains after the adjournment in April last.
It is known to every Senator here that no one
of those Senators can visit the capital of the
nation unless he visits it by sea.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is there any Indian
war on that side of the mountains?
Mr. HARLAN. So far as they are able to
present the condition of the country on that
side of the mountains we are without informa-
tion. It is also patent to every Senator here
that the Territories lying between the States
on the Missouri river and the States on the
Pacific are unrepresented. I believe that no
one of those Delegates is here to represent the
condition of the country. We know from news-
paper statements—how reliable I am not ablo
to say—that an Indian war does prevail in each
one of those Territories of greater or less mag-
nitude; that the thoroughfares of communica-
tion between the more settled parts of the coun-
try and New Mexico and Arizona and Colo-
rado, and Utah and Idaho and Montana are
obstructed. It is known from the same means
of information that the laborers on those thor-
oughfares, the construction of which is being
prosecuted at great public and private cost,
have been driven in, and this important work
greatly retarded, in consequcnce of the hostil-
ity of the savages.
Now, in the face of these facts, I think it
would be wise and prudent to make an excep-
tion of that one subject in this general resolu-
tion. I am willing to be bound by the judg-
ment of my friends. I agree with them on the
general subject, that unless there is a special
exigency requiring a departure the attention
of Congress at the present session ought to be
confined exclusively to the perfection of the
laws for the restoration of the States in the
Union which have recently been in rebellion.
But here is a case which we now know is
exceptional, where vast treasure is being
expended, as Senators say, uselessly, and num-
berless lives are being destroj'ed which they
think might be saved by the proper legislation
on the part of the two branches of Congress
now in session. In the face of these state-
ments made by the Senators whose people are
immediately interested, who stand between
our constituencies and the frontier, I am not
willing to say, at the opening of this session,
that I will not, as at present advised, consider
the legislation they may present on that sub-
ject.
It has been stated here that the Secretary of
War needs no additional legislation on the
subject. It may prove to be true that in the
judgment of the Senate and the House no
additional legislation may be necessary. I
hope it may be so. If so, when this shall
become manifest the Senate can properly dis-
miss the subject. But-for us to say at the
opening of the session, in the face of these
declarations of Senators, our peers on this
floor, and the facts established by current his-
tory, and in the absence of the Delegates from
the Territories whose people are immediately
exposed, and the Senators from the other side
of the mountains, including a vast region of
country in eijual danger of Indian depreda-
tions. that we will not at thin session consider
