490
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
that i.ubject, I think would be improper ; and
I do not think the Senators here who have
concurred in the general judgment' which has
induced the pending resolution ought to insist
on it.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLINGr. I wish to know what is
the practical value of this pending amend-
ment, in view of the fact that the same mere
majority of the Senate by which any measure
whatever could be passed may at any time
within twenty-four hours rescind this resolu-
tion so as to let in the subject which the Sen-
ator is discussing?
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator's question
answers itself. If there is no practical import-
ance in the amendment, then there is no prac-
tical importance in the resolution itself. If
it is so purely ephemeral that it may be re-
moved by a bare vote 
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator will allow
me, I submit to him that there is great prac-
tical importance, not only in the resolution,
but in preserving its integrity as it is, because
if we commence now by making an exception
with regard to a subject, which, for one, I do
not believe is susceptible of legislative remedy
at all, how can we refuse to make exceptions
with regard to other subjects which everybody
knows can, in a general sense, be shown to be
more or less exceptional in their character?
It seems to me, if an exception is made with
regard to this subject now, then we must per-
mit every Senator who can suggest a subject,
local or otherwise, with regard to which a real
emergency exists, to except that also; whereas,
if we adhere to the resolution, and if, despite
the statement of the Secretary of War to the
contrary, evidence is produced here showing
that we ought to act upon this, then at any
time within twenty-four hours a naked major-
it# of the Senate may rescind it, and take up
this subject, which will then appear to be
necessary.
Mr. HARLAN. Why, Mr. President, the
difference is very manifest, and I have been
sustaining the proposition of the Senator fx-oin
Kansas on the ground of the difference be-
tween this and all other subjects that have
been named.,
Mr. FESSENDEN. And somebody else
will present something'different, and so it will
go on.
Mr. HARLAN. If some other Senator
should present some other subject equally
urgent, in my judgment, it ought to bo made
an exception; and if the Senator believed as
the Senators from- these States who have
spoken believe, ho would concur with mo in
the judgment that it ought to be an exception.
If the Senator's own State was exposed to the
assaults of a public enemy and his people were
being slaughtered day by day before his eyes,
I am sure he would present a potential barrier
should any Senator propose to close the door
to legislative relief. Sir, if the facts stated by
(Senators here to-day are true, and if legisla-
tive remedies are practicable, the relief should
be granted promptly and unhesitatingly. We
should not be required to change the rules of
the Senate before a bill could be introduced or
a memorial referred. As there is no existing
barrier, none should be erected. The rule
should be so modified before its adoption as
to relieve this subject from embarrassment.
Of course, if Senators do not believe these
facts, if they do not think they exist, if they
think the statements in regard to them are
imaginary, then they will be justified in includ-
ing this subject in tixe general exclusion; but
believing as I do, I cannot do so. And as
these facts have come to my knowledge in part
since the consultation referred to, were not
discussed at the time, and could not have been
fully considered in making up the general judg-
ment. I think I am justifiable in voting to mod-
ify the resolution in this respect; and I shall
do so without feeling that I have broken faith
with any one. I think enough facts have been
presented, enough knowledge has been elicitcd
to make it my duty to differ with those who
mayvote for the resolution in the precise form
in which it has been introduced. I think this
ought to be made an exception. Of course,
if a majority differ with me they will so record
their votes, and take the responsibility.
Mr. HENDERSON. I rise merely to ask a
question, and I do so in consequence of the
feet that I have giten some little attention to
this subject since I came here, and have en-
deavored to ascertain, if I possibly could, what
character of legislation could be adopted in
order to stop the atrocities on the border and
to stop the expenditure of money that is being
now made and must necessarily be made in the
future on account of them, and up to this mo-
ment I am really unable to make a single sug-
gestion to the Senate on that subject. War
exists with these Indian tribes. It is unneces-
sary for me now to give my opinions as to the
causes bringing about the war. It exists: that
is sufficient. As the Senator from Maine justly
says, it is our duty to defend our citizens, the
war existing. That is all we can do. Now, I
should like to ask the Senator from Iowa
whether he proposes to increase the Army for
the purpose of defending our settlers upon the
frontiers. Is it designed to increase the Army;
or is it designed to agree on the part of the
United States Government to pay for troops
that may be called out in these respective
States ; or what is the character of legislation
that he or others propose to adopt? And I
ask it simply to control my vote on this subject.
It is a question of very great importance; and
the Senator from Maine will remember that in
caucus I suggested that in all probability it
might be well to except this matter of the
pending Indian war. I even up to that mo-
ment had endeavored to ascertain something
about it so as to decide what I ought to
suggest as a member of the Committee on
Indiau Affairs; and I have since continued the
same endeavor. I have not had a personal
interview with the Secretary of War; but I
learn that the Secretary is of opinion that
nothing can be done by Congress to facilitate
operations on his part, that nothing can be
done by us to aid the military in the defense of
the frontier. Whether that be so or not, it will
be for the Senate to inquire. I am not exactly
prepared to take the statement of the Secretary
of War on a subject of that character.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to ask the Senator from
Missouri a question. He says that war exists.
I ask him who declared it, or when it was
declared ?
Mr. HENDERSON. That is impossible for
me to say. I only know that war does exist
between the United States Government and the
Indian tribes now. I apprehend that it exists
from the fact that travelers, persons going to the
mines, are daily being butchered upon the
Plains, and stock is being runoff by thelndians,
and our people are killing the Indians. I was on
the Plains a short time ago, and I found troops
moving toward the West, for the purpose of
hunting up and attacking the Indian tribes. I
take it for granted, from these facts, that a state
of war exists. Who commenced it I am not
cxactly able to say; and if I were able to tell
the Senator from Wisconsin, I do not think I
should commence a work of that sort just now.
Now, Mr. President, permit me to say that
I shall vote for this resolution and against the
amendment, inasmuch as our friejids have
decided to adopt the resolution in the shape
in which it is; and inasmuch as it is now
clear that if any legislation becomes necessary
our friends here can rescind this resolution
upon a notice of twenty-four hours; and in
fact, if anything becomes important in the
premises, I do not suppose any Senator would
object to any action which might bo suggested
which would have the effect of stopping the
war, because I apprehend it is going to cost us
some two or three hundred million dollars.
Senators might as well understand the question
now. It is a difficulty that may not be ended
lor years. It 13 a matter of much more serious
importance than some Senators seem to be-
lieve. It is a war against a few individuals ;
but it ought to be.remembered that they have
an immense district of country to roam over.
They do not fight us except at a disadvantage.
They can go on their Indian ponies where we
cannot follow them with regular cavalry. We
cannot undertake to prosecute a war against
them in the summer season with infantry: our
men die of disease, and they attack them at a
great disadvantage. Hence thousands and
thousands of our soldiers will be killed, and
perhaps very few of the savages. It is a ques-
tion of very great importance, and it ought to
be considered with a great deal of care. "It
ought to be considered because of the fact that
our public debt is now large enough, and if
anything can be done to prevent its augment-
ation, of course no Senator ought to object.
But I have perfected nothing in my own mind,
and I suppose no member of the committee
has perfected any legislation. This war I had
hoped would be avoided ; but things have got
worse and worse from day to day since the
adjournment of Congress, a few months ago,
and now it is a war of vast proportions, calcu-
lated in-my judgment to cost this nation as
much as the war of 1812 with Great Britain ;
and perhaps we shall, as I have said, kill very
few of these Indian savages; and if we kill
them all, I doubt whether the Government of
the United States will reap much credit from
the act. It is a war in which we have all to
lose and nothing to gain. If anything is done,
it seems to me we ought to appoint a commis-
sion to proceed among the Indians if they can
possibly get there ; and they ought to be re-
quired to go there even at the risk of great
danger to their scalps, because other individ-
uals are losing them daily; and they ought to
endeavor when they reach the Indian tribes to
adjust matters and make peace with them—
make peace with them because we can gain no
laurels in war, and because for every man of
them we kill we shall lose a dozen, yea, twenty,
and in my judgment a hundred.
Mr. President, I am not prepared to say,
however, that anything -can be done in that
line; but if it can be done, and if I shall rise
in my place here, or any other Senator from
the frontier shall rise and say to the Senate
that he has matured something, I do not for a
moment suppose, in view of the vast expend-
iture of money which is now presented, and in
view of the fact that as we are now going on
our emigrant trains are daily attacked and the
construction of the two branches of the Pacific
railway must be impeded if not entirely stopped,
that any Senator in his place would dare to
object to the consideration of such a measure.
No Senator could do it in the face of all these
facts. *
So feeling, I shall vote against the amend-
ment ; in the first place, because our friends
have agreed to adopt that course of policy;
and in the second place, if we vary it in this
instance, we shall have to change it at the sug-
gestion of other gentlemen who have matters
of vast importance, in their judgment, for
Congress to attend to. I could, perhaps, sug-
gest some things of another nature, that I
would like very much to have excepted from
the operation of the resolution ; but if I do
that, other Senators will desire to do so also,
and unless we confine the resolution to what
was originally adopted, we shall, in my judg-
ment, lose much time. Therefore, Mr. Presi-
dent, and inasmuch as we can rescind it at any
time, and inasmuch as the subject involved in
this amendment is one in which we all feel
deeply interested, and proper legislation upon
which no Senator will dare to oppose, I shall
vote against the amendment'; and I hope the
Senate will .vote it down and adopt the resolu-
tion as presented.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I shall vote
for this amendment, but I intended to give a
silent vote for it, and in case it was defeated,
as I supposed it would be, I intended to give
a silent vote against the resolution introduced
by the Senator from Rhode Island; and I
