494
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
belong, proud of this Republic whose honor
we hope to bear aloft, and anxions that no pre-
cedent should be established which may here-
after be brought to our detriment, should I
not come forward and enter my protest; and
in doing so should I be exposed to some of the
rude suggestions that I have encountered?
Should I be told that one may not go into a
caucus and assist in the debate on such a prop-
osition, and then not appear again in this Cham-
ber except with the bands of the caucus upon
his hands; for that is the suggestion of the
Senator from Maine.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will please
not misrepresent me.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator says, "You
may not go into caucus and assist in the de-
bate." That I do not object to ; but you may
not in my judgment go into a consultation—
call it a caucus or what you will—where the
implied obligation is that the question under
consideration is to be settled by a majority,
and not only debate but vote, and then, find-
ing yourself in a minority, say, "I am not
bound."
Mr. SUMNER. And then when at the last
mo'ment the proposition is brought forward to
make it a rule of the Senate, I solemnly pro-
test. When could I have protested ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator does not
protest until after he votes and finds himself
in a minority. Then he protests.
Mr. SUHjpER. No; I think the Senator
should 
Mr. FESSENDEN. No. sir; the vote was
taken.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well, vote or no vote,
it makes no difference.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is what I com-
plain of.
Mr. SUMNER. Yes, that is what the Sen-
ator complains of. I say it makes no differ-
ence. No caucus could constrain any person
on such a question. It was our duty to stay
in that caucus and resist the offensive proposi-
tion to the last, and then afterward wash our
hands of it. Senators, if they choose, may
take it in their hands and bear it into this
Chamber, and try to enshrine it iij the rules of
this body. If it is placed tfhere I know it will
do no good: it will stay there to the dishonor
of this country and as a bad precedent for the
future.
Mr. FRELING HUYSEN. Mr. President,
as I expect to vote on this subject, and as the
discussion has taken a very broad range, I
desire in a very few words to state the ground
of my vote.
As to what the obligations of the caucus are,
that is a question which each gentleman I sup-
pose must necessarily always settle for him-
self, and on that subject I have nothing to say.
If this proposition,.that which is offered by
the Senator from Rhode Island, were intro-
duced at an ordinary session, while the Senate
would certainly have the power to adopt it, I
should agree with the Senator from Ohio that
it would be a very bad precedent, that it would
be an improper exercise of power, that it would
be depriving the people of their rights, that it
would be taking from the Senate many of its
attributes, and would be highly reprehensible.
But that does not happen to be the case by any
means. By the very framework of our Gov-
ernment, from the 4th of March to the first
Monday of December of each alternate year
the people of this country have agreed that
they will not have the benefit of a session of
Congress. This is that alternate year, and
this is that period. So we certainly do not
violate the framework, of our Government if
we withhold from the people, during the period
that they have agreed that they will forego it,
the blessing of our legislation.
This is an extraordinary session, a most ex-
traordinary one. Nobody expected any session
or Congress here now. It is by reason of a
strange opinion that has been given by the
law omcer of the Government in reference to
the legislation adopted at'our last session, when !
we thought that we established a military
power, when we thought we made the govern-
ments of the so-called rebel States subordinate
to that military power, but to our surprise find
that we established these governments and
made the military power of this country a
mere police force. That, is what has brought
us together here; that is the one thing, nothing
else. And what do we propose? We propose
that the business of this session of Congress
shall be confined tifthe one subject that brought
us here, and in that all the people concur.
Public sentiment—I think I may invoke it—
calls upon us to discharge that duty, and then
to retire. I do not see that we rob the Senate
of its attributes by this proposition, any more
than we rob the Senate of its attributes when
we set down a special business for a particular
day. Instead of its being for a particular day,
it is for the week or ten days that we may be
here, having come here to attend to that par-
ticular business and that alone.
We have had here this morning a discussion
in reference to the Indian question ; and what
does it all amount to . There is not a Senator
here that has a proposition to make as to legis-
lation : that is to say, the whole debate did
not draw out a single proposition as to the
legislation in referencs to the Indians. If
there is any need of legislation, and if it shall
be stated, the same vote which passes this
rule can relieve the rule so as to admit of that
legislation.
I trust that the Senate will adhere to its
purpose of transacting the business for which
we assembled here, the business which the
public expect us to attend to and nothing else.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I should not
have undertaken to say anything upon the
question now before the Senate but for the
wide range which the debate has taken, and
for the statements which have been made here
in the Senate with regard to the consultation
that took place among the Senators composing
the majority. As I shall have to vote upon
this resolution, I wish to say a few words in
explanation of the course which I shall take.
When that consultation began, it is quite
true, as stated by Senators already in this dis-
cussion, that-no one knew what was to be the
subject-matter of the consultation. It went on,
and the final action of the members present
was had embodying a proposition the sub-
stance of which is now before the Senate in
the resolution pending. It was not until after
that proposition was adopted that anything
was said whatever, formally or informally, that
I remember, a$but introducing such a propo-
sition into the Senate as that which has been
introduced to-day; and I was completely taken
by surprise when, after the main proposition
had been adopted, a second proposition was
made that that should be introduced into the
Senate and offered as a resolution here. I
voted against it.
And now, sir, I have thought, with a great
deal of anxiety this morning, as to the course
which it is proper for me to pursue here in
reference to this resolution. I have listened
to the arguments which have been advanced
by Senators, and I have come to the conclu-
sion that the whole of that consultation was a
mistake, so far as it could have any bind-
ing operation or force on our action as Sena-
tors in this body. I did not go into the consult-
ation expecting that the results of it would be
presented here in the shape of a formal reso-
lution to be binding upon this body. I do not
think any such thing should have been done.
I am of the opinion that it is altogether wrong
that we should undertake thus to bind our-
selves. I was not of that opinion day before
yesterday; subsequent reflection and convic-
tion, and what has been said on the floor of the
Senate, have convinced me that it is wrong to
do that thing. I therefore feel constrained by
a sense of duty to give my vote against the
proposition that is now before the Senate.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, T am not so
familiar with the history of this country as I
wish I was. I do not know whether it has ever
happened hitherto in the history of the country
that a Senator has been arraigned before the
Senate for a violation of a duty to a partisan
caucus. If there ever has been such a trial
before, I hope there never will be such a trial
again. It seems to me that whatever a politi-
cal partisan- may do in violation of his duty to
his party should be heard and determined by
the councils of his party alone, and that one
of the constitutional tribunals of the nation,
constituted, I suppose, for very different pur-
poses, should not be obstructed with hearing
such causes or such complaints. Still, as the •
cause has been dragged here, I thought it proper
to say a few words in defense of myself, being
one of the delinquents and compelled to be
here. In reply to the few remarks that I made
at that time, the Senator from Maine [Mr.
Fessenden] has offered some suggestions, in
reference to which I have but two criticisms to
make: first, that so far as he replied to myself,
he replied to an argument which I think I never
made ; and second, that his reply did not seem
to me very conclusive. He represented me as
having denounced this measure before the Sen-
ate as a crime. I do not think I did indulge
in any such denunciation. If I did, I wish to
take it back. I certainly do not regard it to
be a crime at the common law, and I know of
no statute which defines it to be a crime. Be-
sides, if it were to be indicted as a crime, I am
bound to suppose the prosecution would fail
for another reason. I do not suppose the pros-
ecution would be able to establish the fact of a
criminal intent. Sol did not mean to denounce
it as a crime, and I do not think I did denounce
it as a crime. That it seems to me to have
some of the elements of a crime I will not
deny. I did undertake to say, and in a few
words to show, that I thought it changed the
character of this body: that it deprived it of
its essential features and attributes. • I cannot
help thinking so. I was not ambitious of prov-
ing it, and I would not urge a word further in
support of that idea if it were not necessary,
or did not seem to be necessary, to my own vin
dication.
This body in which we now sit and reason
together is one of the coordinate elements of
the Legislature of the country. It is a body
in which I, moved by any portion of the peo-
ple of the United States, may offer a petition,
a memorial, a remonstrance to-morrow or any
day of our sitting. It is. one in which I may
offer, upon one day's notice a bill which 1 or
any portion of my constituency or any portion
of our common people may think necessary
for the redress of a public grievance, or the
redress of a private wrong. That is what the
body is to-day, and what it will be if you do
not pass this resolution. It does not follow,
because I offer this petition, that its prayer must
be granted. It does not follow, because I offer
this bill, that the Senate must agree to it. You
never do any such thing. When I offer a peti-
tion, in order that you maybe advised whether
its prayer should be granted or not, you direct
its reference—to whom ? To one of the com-
mittees of your body, supposed to be specially
adapted to the work of investigating that ques-
tion and determining whether it should be
granted or not. When I offer a bill you refer
it to one of the committees of this body to
whom it pertains. Why? To be advised by
the investigations of that committee whether
it be proper to consider that bill or not. What
will be the Senate if you adopt this resolu-
tion? Without the advice of any of your com-
mittees, I have got—and so has every other
member—to procure the assent of a majority
of the Senate before a bill can be introduce!'
for its consideration in some way, and thewa}
I do not and cannot possibly understand. 1
have got to get the Senate to hear a bill which
you will not allow to be introduced ; and I
have got to induce you to hear it and to assent
to it before I can get it here into the- door of
the Senate Chamber. And then you propose
to call this the Senate after that is done.
Mr. President, this proposition has been
likened to the setting down of a bill to be heard
