496
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
The learned Senator from Illinois differs from
the learned Senator from Maine. One ex-
pounds the obligations of the caucus in one*
way and the other in another. Now, I am
clear that this ought not to be brought to a
close without some defined code of caucus,
and it seems to me that the learned Senators
who are so swift to judge others who cannot
accept the conclusions of the recent caucus,
ought to supply us with this code. It should
be reduced to a text. We should know to
what extent one is bound, and what not;
whether the Senator from Illinois who refuses
to be bound by the caucus in one point, which
was fully discussed, is a man of honor;
whether another Senator who refuses to be
bound on other points is a man of honor.
That question could be settled, it seeras to
me, by some explicit code in advance, for we
have been admonished in the debate that we
cannot differ from the caucus without a de-
parture from propriety, if not from duty; and
I do not know that some stronger language has
not been employed. If it has I will not quote
it. However, it seems to me that this should
lead us to a practical conclusion, and it is
this: to have nothing to do with a proposition
which can only be discussed through such
avenues, which requires such refinement of
detailj with regard to which the Senator from
Illinois makes one exception, and other Sen-
ators other exceptions, and to which other Sen-
ators entirely pbject. Now, I am at a loss to
understand how a Senator who says—I wrote
down his words here—" that no Senator can be
superior to the decrees of caucus;'' those were
words of my excellent friend. I am at a loss
to know how he can undertake to graft an
amendment upon a proposition born of a cau-
cus brought in the arms of our President into
the very presence of the "Conscript Fathers,"
and here laid before us. I am astonished that
he should undertake to vote for any change
in that proposition after the avowals he has
made.
Mr. YATES. What are the words?
Mr. SUMNER. The words I took down,
are that no one should set himself up as supe-
rior to the decrees of a caucus. Those were
the words of the Senator as I wrote them down.
Now I am not going to complain of the Sena-
tor. I believe he is doing right; but then I
wish him to understand that other Senators on
this floor may liavo the same privilege that he
claims for himself, justly and worthily claims ;
it is his title. I recognize the Senator as a
man of honor, though he does refuse to carry
out the decrees of the caucus. I believe that
every Senator here has his responsibilities as a
Senator, which are above any he can have to a
caucus. What is a caucus? It is a meeting
of friends for consultation and for harmony,
where each gives up something with a view to
a_ common result; but no man gives up a prin-
ciple ; no man gives up anything that is vital.
No Senator can expect another Senator to give
up anything that is vital. No Senator can
expect another Senator to sacrifice a principle.
I will not imagine that any Senator would
sacrifice a principle. If a Senator expects
another to accord with him under the sanction
of a caucus, 1 know full well it is because he
does not see it in the light of principle ; but if
another Senator does see it in the light of
principle, how can he be expected to act other-
wise than according to his light? It is not
given to all to see with the same clearness that
some of the caucus defenders unquestionably
have. Theirs, I know, is the pathway of light;
they see the obligation as completed. Others
cannot see it so. I am in that list. I cannot
see it as a final obligation. For one I have
been present in many caucuses, and I believe,
looking over the past, 1 have harmonized
reasonably with my associates. Sometimes I
have been obliged to differ from them and
have expressed that difference, and it has gen--
erally been received with kindness. The other
day I expressed the same difference, little
expecting, however, an arraignment on this
floor. But now my excellent friend from Illi-
nois opens the door to all of us most gener-
ously to vote against the^ resolution or any
amendment to the resolution, just as on our
conscience we please. The Senator from Illi-
nois is too good a Senator not to know the
obligations of a Senator, and he would not seek
to put any member of this body in a straight-
jacket according to the rules of a caucus.
Mr. YATES. They put themselves there.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator says, they put
themselves th^re; but suppose they feel as the
Senator from Illinois now feels, that the prop-
osition which was adopted in the caucus was
not a good one. That is the conclusion of
the Senator. He proposes to sustain an amend-
ment to it;,he sets aside the conclusion of the
caucus. Can the Senator claim for himself
anything that he would not accord, to another?
Mr. YATES. If the honorable Senator
will allow me, I will just say in reply to that,
that it is republican that the majority shall
rule, and in yielding to that principle I do not
surrender any right that I have. If I agree to
be governed by the decision of the majority, I do
not consider that I am surrendering my rights.
That is the position I assume. If a Senator
goes into a consultation whereby it is implied
that he shall be governed by the majority, and
the question under consideration is decided
against him, and he then acts with the major-
ity, I consider that he has had every right
according to our republican doctrine that the
majority shall rule.
Mr. SUMNER. But if I understand my
friend from Illinois, he does not accept the
conclusion of the caucus; he is going to ingraft
an amendment on that same proposition.
Mr. YATES. The honorable Senator will
allow me to say that I stated that there were
exceptions, inevitable exceptions, and I re-
garded this case as constituting an exception
that was inevitable, that we could not control,
that we had no power to control. I said there
was a state of war, and we could not ignore
the existence of a state of war.
Mr. HOWE. Who has declared war?
Mr. YATES. The honorable Senator from
Wisconsin was within a rod and a half of
death's door according to his own statement.
War already exists in the Territories. I think
it is made plain by the honorable Senators
from Kansas and Nebraska that a state of war
exists there, and I have no doubt our people
are being slaughtered in great numbers. In-
deed I know that such is the case, for I have
been in the midst of these hostilities myself.
Such a state of war existing^ I say its exigen-
cies are superior to the decrees of Senates or
caucuses.
Mr. GRIMES. I will inquire of the Sen-
ator what legislation it is that he proposes
Congress shall adopt in regard to that mat-
ter? t
Mr. YATES. I am not undertaking to say.
I support this amendment because these Sen-
ators assure me that these difficulties exist,
that we are in a state of war, and that we must
make appropriations to protect our people.
Mr. GRIMES. We all ktiow that we have
been in a state of war for several months, and
we all know, too, that the whole machinery for
carrying on war that existed during the recent
rebellion is still in existence, that the Secre-
tary of War or the President of the United
States has the power to call upon any Gov-
ernor of a State that he pleases and make a
request for troops ; and I was told by General
Vincent last night that General Sherman has a
carte blanche, to call upon such Governors as
he chooses. What are we going to do? What
more can we do?
Mr. THAYER. On that very point allow
me to say that I had a conversation with Gen-
eral Sherman, and he told me he could call on
the Governors for troops; but, said he, "I can-
not promise them that they will ever get a dol-
lar of pay to meet the expenses." That is the
difficulty. He told me he was met at every
turn with that difficulty.
Mr. YATES. I had a conversation with
General Sherman upon this subject; and if I
understood him, his policy was not to put down
this Indian uprising by the regular Army, but
by a volunteer force.
Mr. GRIMES. Has he not a right to call
for it?
Mr. YATES. As I understand the honor-
able Senator from-Iowa, he says that it can be
called out now. I know not how that is. I
know myself that is the only way to put dow 
Indian disturbances.
Mr. GRIMES. So far as money is concerned
there are several hundred millions of dollars
now at the disposal of the Secretary of War,
from old appropriations that have not lapsed
into the Treasury.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, when I was
interrupted by my friend from Illinois—and I
am always glad* to be interrupted by him or
by any other friend—-I was considering the
value of the caucus decision which has been
brought forward into this Chamber, and I was
calling attention to the difference among the
doctors on the.subject. The Senator from
Illinois rises and gives us a further exposition.
He says that he is in favor of the amendment
to the pending proposition in order to meet
something that is inevitable. That is his
phrase now. The danger is inevitable, and
therefore he will make an exception tp the
caucus vQte. That very point was made in the
caucus. The whole caucus has been so
thoroughly exhibited to the Senate that I have
no hesitation in declaring that. This whole
subject of the danger from Indians was con-
sidered there, andsome oftheothertopics which
I have noticed, and in the face of those the cau-
cus came to their conclusion; and now as I
understand the Senator, while he upholds the
caucus decision, he will yet in this case, which
was thoroughly considered in the caucus, accept
an amendment. Now, I submit to my excel-
lent friend whether his conclusion does not
entirely impair the value of the caucus conclu-
sion except to this extent, where we all agree,
that it is an expression of the opinion of our
associates in this body calculated naturally to
cxcrcise a strong influence on the course of
public business, to be received with respect,
but not to be imposed upon this Chamber as a
rule. I think that the remark of the Senator
sustains that conclusion; indeed I cannot see
any other inference.
Mr. YATES. Allow mc to ask the Senator
whether he did not submit himself to the same
sort of decision in the reconstruction measures.
Those matters were before a caucus and acted
upon.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator asks about
the reconstruction measure. In the caucus on
reconstruction I myself moved the proposition
that in the future constitutions of the rebel
S^tes the ballot should be required. A divi-
sion was had in that caucus. I allude to it
now because I am interrogated openly in the
Senate. A division was had ; there were two
stand-up votes, and my .motion was carried by
a vote of 15 to 13. By 15 to 13 in that caucus
it was noted that in the pending bill we would
require suffrage for all in the future constitu-
tions of the rebel States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And what would you
have thought if the thirteen had repudiated
that action ?
Mr. SUMNER. It would have been a very
different thing tp repudiate a proposition in
favor of human liberty and to repudiate a
proposition that is against human liberty.
That is just the difference.
Mr. FESSENDEN, (in his seat, in a very
low tone of voice, apparently addressing a
Senator near him.) Then, it is allowable to
lie in one case, and not in another.
Mr. SUMNER. Does the Senator apply
that language to any Senator on the floor?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I say that is a fair
illustration of the remark made by the Senator
if there is any obligation whatever. It is a
simple statement. I do not mean that the
Senator meamj to state what is untrue. Of
course he bould not pcit that construction on it.
