498
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will bear in
mind that in the course of the discussion I
made every possible objection to this as un-
constitutional in spirit; I made every objec-
tion that I have made on this floor now; and
I said at the end that I could not be bound by
the result.
Mr. FESSENDEN, I did not intend, it is
not my custom, to speak of any particular
gentleman and what he said there. I am
speaking of general principles. Now, if the
Senator says that he declared at the end that
he would not be bound by it, I will ask him
if that end was not after the vote was taken,
and he had voted in the minority ?
Mr. SUMNER. Yes, it was.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Exactly.
Mr. SUMNER. But in the course of the
argument, the Senator will bearin mind, I had
made objections that were on principle and
vital.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And therefore the
inference would naturally be, if it was a mat-
ter of principle and vital, that the Senator
should have told his friends present, l! I can-
not be bound by your decision, and therefore
cannot vote." Otherwise, if he votes on the
subject, I think it is a waver of his principle
and his constitutional objection. That is my
view of it.
Mr. SUMNER. That shows the necessity
of this code.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As I said before, the
code is in the mind and heart. We cannot
make a code for the Senator; he has made one
for himself, if he is satisfied with it, I am.
Each Senator must make up his own mind
upon that question, and upon others ; he must
suit himself. I ara not complaining of my
honorable friend from Massachusetts. With
regard to it, I am sorry that this discussion
has gone so far. He seems to think I have
imputed something. Notatall. I have asked
gentlemen what their view was, because I want
to know hereafter what course I am to take
with reference to these matters, and what is to
bind me. Now, sir, 1 think that, after all,
this discussion, though it lias been long and
tedious, may do us some good. It has taught
me one thing, and that is that we do not
agree, all of us, upon what is the honorable
thing to do under such circumstances ; and as
I am bound by a different rule, perhaps not a
better one—I dare say not so good a one—it
is not for me to judge ; but an entirely differ-
ent rule from other gentlemen, it is a warning
to me not to gel into such a difficulty again.
Sir, 1 never, when a boy approved of the style
of skying a copper and saying, " Heads I win ;
tails you lose;" but that seems to be a prin-
ciple adopted hero; we will go in, if we are
a majority right; we have it our own way ; if
we are a ihinority conscience will not permit
na to act according to what was the general
understanding.
Mr. WILSON. I move to postpone the
further consideration of this question for a
moment, in order to refer the bills already
introduced to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mi*. HENDERSON. No; let us adjourn.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let us settle this ques-
tion.
Several Senators. Let us vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Massachusetts postpone his mo-
tion ?
Mr. WILSON. I withdraw the motion if
we can have a vote. [" Vote, vote." J
Mr. TIPTON. Before that vote is taken, at
whatever expense to myself in the opinion of
this Senate, I have one word to say. The Sen-
ator from Maine asserts, as I understand, that
he is warned in regard to future action with
men who differ in regard to what is honorable
on a question of this kind. I was a member
of that caucus. When my colleague in that
caucus suggested that if we passed the resolu-
tion we might be precluded possibly from.doing
something, if an opportunity should offer, in
behalf of our suffering frontier citizens and
those of Kansas, I, taking that view of the ques-
tion, from that moment voted against the reso-
lution. Otherwise had my attention not been
called to it I should certainly have voted for
the resolution, no constitutional objection hav-
in0* ever once been intimated to my. AI Ujr
voting against it in the caucus, I come into the
Senate. The Senator from Kansas notifies the
Senate by a proclamation from the Governor
of Kansas that the glorious little State of Kan-
sas, the most glorious among all the States,
baptized with purer patriot blood, imd under
circumstances so wonderfully peculiar that she
has been the pride of the lovers of liberty
throughout this land, and the world has looked
upon her—that that glorious little State calls
upon her citizens, who cannot give ample pro-
tection to their own frontier inhabitants, to go
and help to protect the Government property
of the United States, the Pacific railroad.
Seeing,the condition of things there in a more
precarious light than I did see them the day
before yesterday in the caucus, I felt that under
these circumstances I would not be true to my
constituents and my State were I to allow the
behests of anybody, any organization, to cause
me now to step aside from Kansas and her
troubles, and Nebraska and her troubles, and
say we will not entertain a proposition in your
behalf. I should not be a man of honor if 1
permitted myself to act thus, and I say no
Senator here could claim that he acted honor-
ably if he had gone back upon his constituency
under these circumstances. I am very free to
hear from any Senator that he disapproves of
my course and says I am not bound by a high
principle of honor, as high as ever animated
his breast, when with that additional notifica-
tion from Kansas I say here neither caucus
nor Senate nor power shall prevent me from
introducing a measure if necessary for my own
State. Charged distinctly with that, 1 part
hands with any man and all men willingly.
Mr. WILSON. I suppose, Mr. President,
we are all men of honor, ["Let us vote but I
do not believe this debate to-day will bring any
honor to any of us, and I hope we shall close
it at this time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Kansas, upon which the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 19 ; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Chandler, Drake, Ferry, Fowler,
Harlan, Howard, Howe, Pomoroy, Ross, Sumner,
Thayer. Tipton, Wado, Wilson, and Yates—15,
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, ]3uckalew, Cameron,
Cattell, Conklinp, Craptin, Edmunds, Fesscnden,
Frelinghuysen, Grimes, Henderson, Morgan, Morrill
of Maine, Patterson of New Hampshire. Patterson
of Tennessee, Sprague, Trumbull, Van Winkle, and
Willey-19.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Colo, Conness, Cor-
bett, Davis. Dixon, Doolittle, Guthrie, Hendricks,
Johnson, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Norton,
Nye, Ramsey, Saulsbury, Sherman, Stewart, and
Williams—19.
So the amendment was rejected.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us have the yeas and
nays on that.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, I would
vote very willingly for the concluding part of
the resolution, but I cannot and shall not for
the resolution as it stands, including the first
portion of the matter. I think, sir, it is very
ill advised that in a resolution of this sort,
introduced at this time, a judgment should be
pronounced by the Senate upon those ques-
tions which are coming before us for discus-
sion : those events in connection with recon-
struction which have undergone debate in the
country, and with reference to which this ses-
sion is convened. As I understand the reso-
lution, the earlier portion of it does commit
the judgment of the Senate and declares its
opinion upon questions which have ^ot under-
gone any investigation, upon which we have
called upon the President and the Secretary
of War for information. It is therefore clearly
premature, even although it should be event-
ually advisable for the Senate to pronounce
the very opinion indicated in the resolution
before us.
The question being taken by yeas and nays^
resulted—yoas 23, nays 9 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs, Anthony, Cameron, Cattell, Conk-
ling, Cragin, Edmunds, Ferry, Fessenden, Freling-
huysen. Grimes, Henderson, Howai-d, Morgan,
Morrill of Maine, Patterson of New Hampshire,
Pomcroy, Ramsey, Spragne, Trumbull, Van Winkle,
Willey, Wilson, and Yates—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Drake, Fowler, Howe,
Ro«s, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, and Wade—9.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Chandler, Connese, Cole,
Corbett, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Guthrie, Harlan,
Hendricks. Johnson, Morrill of Vermont, Morton,
Norton, Nye, Patterson of Tennessee. Saulsbury,
Sherman, Stewart, and Williams—21.
So the resolution was adopted.
message erom this hous1s.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 54) tendering the thanks of Congress
to Major General Daniel E. Sickles; a joint
resolution (H. R. No. 55) tendering the thanks
of Congress to Major General John Pope, and
a joint resolution (H. R. No. 56) tendering
the thanks of Congress to Major General John
M. Schofield, in all of which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a concurrent resolution providing
for tl e appointment of a joint select commit-
tee, consisting of two members on the part of
the Senate, and three on the part of the House
of Representatives, whose duty it shall be to
inquire into the manner in which the act
approved March 2, 1867, "to authorize the
appointment of certain watchmen and for
other purposes, "has been executed, and report
whether any and what further legislation is
necessary and proper to secure the efficiency
of the Capitol police force; in which resolu-
tion the concurrence of the Senate was re-
quested.
reference of reconstruction bills
Mr. WILSON. I now move to refer to the
Committee on the Judiciary the bills intro-
duced the day before yesterday.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the
Senator delay that while I lay certain bills of
the House before the Senate?
Mr. WILSON. I move to take from the
table the bills introduced the day before yes-
terday and refer them to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. POMEROY. If those bills relate to
legislative proceedings, I shall object to their
being referred.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up the bill I
introduced in regard to reconstruction, and
the bills introduced by other Senators on that
subject, and to refer them to the Committee
on the Judjciary.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection to
that. I thought the Senator had reference to
the bills that came from the House of Repre-
sentatives
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to say simply that
the joint Committee on Reconstruction have, I
believe, been charged with almost every sub-
ject 
Mr. FESSENDEN. That committee is not
now in existence. It has never been reestab-
lished in this Congress.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And the House of Rep-
resentatives has a separate committee of its
own on that subject.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on referring the bills mentioned by the
Senator from Massachusetts to the Committoe
on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to ; and Senate bills
Nos. 123, 125, 126, 129, and 130 were read
the second time and referred ta the Committee
on the Judiciary.
