500
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
Schenck] in regard to the want of power of
the Governor in this case. The gentleman
has anticipated all the argument that could be
made on that subject by the committee; but
notwithstanding what the gentleman has said,
it seems to me that when a certificate, or any-
thing purporting to be a certificate, from the
Governor of a State or Territory, under the
seal of that State or Territory, is presented
here, and is respectful in form and language,
there is no impropriety in referring that paper
to the appropriate committee ana permitting
that committee to make a report. A report
of the Committee of Elections on this case
will, I have no doubt, settle the question,
which seems to trouble my friend from Ohio
more than all the rest, with regard to an ap-
prehended claim for mileage and compensa-
tion. I hope that the House will agree to
refer the matter to the Committee of Elec-
tions.
Mr. MILLER. The honorable gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. dawes] was not
here on last Wednesday, or he would be aware
that there has already been referred to the
Committee of Elections sufficient business to
occupy them for some time. That committee
will, I think, have enough to do without at-
tending to this matter. Now, sir, what right
has the Governor of New Mexico to send here
a paper requesting us to admit to this floor a
Delegate from that Territory? It is a proceed-
ing entirely unprecedented; and we should
avoid establishing so dangerous a precedent
as to give any countenance to such a pro-
ceeding. I have therefore made the motion
that the communication be laid on the table.
Mr. KELSElf. I rise to make a motion,
which I believe will take precedence of the
motion to lay on the table. I move that the
application of the Governor of New Mexico
be rejected. I think that this is the proper
disposition to make of the application. My
motion will bring the House to a direct vote
upon the proposition.
Mr. MILLER. I think it more respectful
to lay the communication on the table.
The SPEAKER. The motion to lay upon the
table has priority. A motion to reject is equiv-
alent to non-reception, which is too late at this
point. When the pajier is presented is the time
to submit the question of reception. The
motion to lay upon the table is not debatable.
Mr. MILLER. I yield to the gentleman
from Ohio.
Mr. ASIILEY, of Ohio. I wish to call the
attention of the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] to the fact that the Territory
of New Mexico is an organized political com-
munity, recognized by law, and that by their
own act they have postponed the election for
Delegate. Under the law, as is well known to
the gentleman from Massachusetts and to every
member of this House, they are not entitled to
an agent upon this iloor.
Now, sir, if the Governor of California should
have sent here three gentlemen to represent
that^ State as agents upon this floor under his
certificate, they would have quite as much right,
indeed greater right, to have those agents ad-
mitted upon this floor, or their application for
admission to be referred to the Committee of
Elections, than the the Territory of New Mex-
ico. I hope the precedent will not be estab-
lished, but that the motion of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania will prevail.
Mr. MILLER. I now renew my motion to
lay upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
committee to wait on the president.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desira to make a
report from the committee appointed to wait
upon the President of the United States. We
report we have performed that duty, and that
the President has informed us he had no com-
munication to make to Congress at this time.
kentucky contested-election cases.
Mr. PAINE. I desire to present some pa-
pers in contested- election cases for reference.
The first is the petition of G. G.' Symes, con-
testing the right of L. S. Trimble to a seat from
the first congressional district of Kentucky,
asking for an extension of time for taking evi-
dence, and I move that it be referred to the
Committee of Elections.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PAINE. I present the protest of Sam-
uel McKee, who contests the seat of John
Young Brown from the second district of Ken-
tucky, referred to on Wednesday last, and move
that it be referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions.
The motion was agreed to.
thanks to general sheridan.
Mr. PAINE. I submit the following joint
resolution, and move to suspend the rules, in
order that it may be acted on now:
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives, &c., That the thanks of Congress be tendered
to Major General Philip H. Sheridan for his able and
faithful performance of his duties as commander of
the military district of Texas and Louisiana.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded the yeas and
nays on the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 110, nays 18, not vot-
ing, 39 5 as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Amesk Anderson, James M. Ashley,
Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Beaman, Benjamin, Benton,
Bingham, Boutweil, Broomall, Buckland, Butler,
Churchill, Header W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
Coburn, Cook, Cornell, Covode, Dawes, Dixon, Don-
nelly, Driggs, Eggleston, Eliot, Ferris?, Ferry, Fields,
Finney, Garfield. Gravely, Griswold, Hamilton,
Hardin?, Hayes, Hooper, Hopkins, Chester I). Ilub-
baid, Ilulbmd, Hunter, Inger&oll, Jenckes, Jmid, Ju-
lian, Kelley.Kelsey, Kitchen, Koontz,George V. Law-
rence, William Lawrence, Loan, Logan, Loughridge,
Lynch, Mallory, Marvin, McCarthy, McCiurg, Mer-
our, Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Morrell, Myers, New-
comb, O'Neill, Orth. Paine, Perham, Peters, Pike,
Pile, Poland, Polslcy, Price, Banm, Robertson, Saw-
yei.Suhenok.Seofield,Shanks,Smith, Spalding, Stark-
weather, Aaron F. Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens, Stew-
art, Taffe, Taylor, Thomas, Trowbridge, Twiehcll,
Cfyson, Van Aernnm, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van
Horn, Ward, Cahvalader^ 0. Washburn, Ilenry D.
Washburn. William B. Washburn, Welker, Thomas
Williams, James F. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Stephen
F.Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—110.
NAYS—Miosis. Archer, Boyor, Burr, Chanler, Fld-
ridgo, Getz, Glossbrenner, llolman, Hotchkiss, Mar-
shall, Morrissey, Mungen, Niblack, Noel], Ross,
Stone, Van Trump, and Wood—18.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Delos R. Ashley,
Barnes,Blaine,Blair, Bromwcll,Brooks,Cake,Cullom,
Dodge,, Eckley, Ela, Farnsworth, Fox, Haight, Hal-
soy, Hill, Asahel W. Hubbard, Humphrey, Kerr,
Ketcham, Laflin, Lincoln, McCullough, Morgan,
Nicholson, Phelps, Plants, Pomeroy, Pruyn, Ran-
dall, Robinson, Selye, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves,
Taber, Van Auken, van Wyek, and. William Wil-
liams—39.
So (two-thirds having voted in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended.
During the vote,
Mr. ORTH announced that Mr. Cullom, of
Illinois, was detained from his seat by illness.
If present he would have voted in the affirma-
tive.
Mr. SHANKS made a similar announce-
ment as to his colleague, Mr. williams.
Mr. NIBLACK stated that his colleague,
Mr. kekr, was detained at home by ill health.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
Mr. PIKE. I appeal to my friend to let me
move an amendment to include Major General
Sickles.
_ Mr. PAINE. I have considered that ques-
tion, and also the question of embracing in this
resolution certain other commanders. After
full consideration I have concluded it was best
for each one to stand by himself.. I have de-
cided to offer this resolution independently,
and gentlemen can do the same in each case.
The gentleman can do the same for General
Sickles. I decline respectfully to yield to his
amendment, and demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The joint resolution was read a first and
second time, ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PAIlSTE moved to reconsider the vote
just taken ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to..
thomas i/. jones.
Mr. GARFIELD presented papers contain-
ing statements in reference to the case of
Thomas L. Jones, claiming to be a .Represent-
ative-elect from the fifth congressional district
of Kentucky; which were referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections.
elegtion contest—m'kee vs. young.
Mr. GARFIELD also submitted the appli-
cation from Samuel McKee, asking for an
extension of time for taking testimony in the
contested-election case in the ninth congres-
sional district of Kentucky; which was re-
ferred to the Committee of Elections.
privilege or the floor.
Mr. GARFIELD. I also move that all the
persons contesting seats on this floor be per-
mitted the privilege of the floor until otherwise
ordered.
Mr. DAWES. I suggest that the gentleman
give the names of the contestants.
Mr. GARFIELD. I mean to include only
those that have given notice of contest.
The SPEAKER. Those are all that the
House has official knowledge of.
blakely. ys. hise, deceased.
Mr. KELLEY presented the memorial and
accompanying papers of George D. Blakely,
asking admission as a member from the third
congressional district of Kentucky; which were
referred to the Committee of Elections.
election contest—stewart ys. phelps.
Mr. PHELPS submitted the following pa-
pers in relation to the contested-election case
in the third congressional district of Mary-
land; which were read, and referred to the
Committee of Elections:
To the honorable the House of Representatives of the
United States, in Congress assembled:
The undersigned, having appeared as contestant
forthe seatot (Jharles JS. Phelps, the member of your
honorable body from the third district of Maryland,
respectfully represents:
That availing himself of the time granted by the
resolution of March 8,1867, he did proceed to take
testimony in support of the allegations contained in
his notice of contest.
That a large amount.of evidence was taken, which,
in the opinion of this contestant, proved a general
disregard of the provisions of the act for the regis-
tration of voters, since repealed, under which the
congressional election of November 6,1866, was held;
but that said testimony was insufficient in law to
entitle this contestant to the seat of the sitting
member.
Under these circumstances this contestant relieved
the sitting member from the necessity of taking evi-
dence by admitting the insufficiency of his own and
agreeing to conclude the case.
As it would be unjust to file a record of the testi-
mony of but one side, this contestant has directed
the justice before whom it was taken not to forward
the same to your honorable body as directed by
law.
For these considerations this contestant hereby
withdraws his claim to represent the third district of
Maryland in your honorable body.
Respectfully, JOSEPH J. STEWAPtT.
Baltimoke, April 22,1867.
Baltimoke, April 12,1867.
deak sir ; The evidenco thus far taken in the con-
test for a seat m the Fortieth Congress presents no
such features of serious controversy as will justify
me in the trouble and expense of continuing the
case. J therefore renounce all further intention to
prosecute the contest, and will indemnify you for
any reasonable expense to which I have subjected
you therein.
Respectfully yours,
„ „ ^ ^ joseph j. STEWART.
Hon. charles E. phelps.
Upon the above terms said contest is hereby con-
cluded. CHARLES E. PHELPS.
April 12,1867.
. Referring to my note of this date, I desire to state
in explanation thereof that an analysis of the vote
oi the district at the electi<m of November 6,1866, as
compared with the vote cast at the presidential elec-
tion of 1864, November 4, shows you were reelected
by a clear majority of the vote which you received
when first elected to the Thirty-Ninth Congress as
the unconditional Union candidate.
