is m.
THE O0NGEESSIOHAL GLOBE,
mi
The -figures arenas follows:
November 4,1864, Phelps (Lincoln)   9,313
jforember 6,1866* Ste\yart....„....   4,568
4,745
Deduct         4,568
177
Yours, &c.,
April 12,1867.
J. J. STEWART.
MEMBERS-ELECT f&OM £E?f3CPCO.
Mr. MARSHALL. I rise to a question of
privilege, and preliminary to the motion which
I propose to make t ask to have the paper
read which I now send to the Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows:
To the honorable Speaker and members of the House of
Representatives of the Fortieth Congress of the United
States;
The undersigned, members of the House of Repre-
sentatives of the Fortieth Congress of the United
States, elected as such from the fifth, sixth, and sev-
enth congressional districts in the State of Kentucky,
respectfully submit this memorial and protest against
the action taken by this House on the 3d day of July,
1867, in refusing to admit them to their seats, and in
referring their cases to the Committee of Elections.
They state that they and each of them have been duly
elected by the legally qualified voters of theirje-
spective districts, in accordance with the Constitu-
tion and laws of the United States and of the State
of Kentucky; A. P. Grover receiving a majority of
3,959 votes in the fifth district aforesaid over both
his competitors; Thomas L. Jones receiving a ma-
jority of 5,901 votes over his competitor in said sixth
district, and James B. Beck receiving a majority of
6,664 votes over both his competitors m the seventh
district aforesaid, as shown by the official returns
thereof signed by Thomas 33. Bramlette, Governor of
Kentucky, John M. Harlan, attorney general, and
William T. Samuel, State auditor, at the office of the
sccrctary of state in Frankfort, Kentucky, on the
27th day of May, 1867, which returns are filed as part
hereof; these officers constituting by law the board
of examiners in the State of Kentucky to determine
and make returns of elections. •
They state that in accordance with said election
returns, and in pursuance of the statutes of Ken-
tucky in such cases made and provided, said board
of examiners forwarded to each of the undersigned
and to the clerk of this honorable House certificates
of their said elections, which are referred to as part
hereof.
They state that they and each of them now and at
the time of their elections aforesaid had and possessed
each and all of th<L qualifications required by the
Constitution and laws of the United States, and by
the constitution and laws of the State of Kentucky,
to be had and possessed by a member-elect of tho
House of Representatives of the Congress of the
United States; that they were each and all elected
according to law, and that the returns thereof were
duly made; that no question has ever been mado m
Kentucky or elsewhere, either by the candidates
opposing any of them for said positions or by any
other persons, cither in their respective districts or
elsewhere, controverting in any form the right of any
of them to represent their respective districts m this
House, or disputing or calling in question tho legal
right of any voter who voted lor any of them to do so.
Yet, notwithstanding all these facts, they state that
when the members-elect from the State of Kentucky
were called bv the Clerk of this House on Wednes-
day, July 3, 1867, and Thomas L. Jones and James
B. Beck, members-elect from the sixth and seventh
districts aforesaid, (the undersigned, A. P. Grover,
not having then reached Washington,) appeared m
answer to said call and presented themselves to be
qualified as required by law, they were not permitted
to do so, but on a resolution introduced by a member
of this House, without affidavit, protest, informa-
tion, or assertion from any Quarter that proof either
was in the possession of tne House, or could be
obtained from any source whatever, controverting
the validity of either the qualifications, elections, or
returns of any of them, they were not allowed, to
qualify and take theirseats in this House, which they
contend is their undoubted right under the Constitu-
tion and laws of the United States and State of Ken-
tucky : but their cases were referred, along with those
of their colleagues whose seats were contested, to the
Committee of Elections, when neither this House
nor any member of it had. or pretended to have, any
knowledge of any fact which could in any way make
such reference necessary or proper. They assert
that such a course is inconsistent with and in direct
violation of all thelaws, rules, and precedentshereto-
fore established or observed by this House in such
cases; subversive of the rights of the State of Ken-
tucky as well as tho rights of the undersigned and
their constituents, and they therefore protest against
it and ask this honorable House in some form to
revise and annul its action as to them and permit
them to take their seats, to which, for the reasons
aforesaid, they claim to be entitled
The undersigned do not admit the right of this
House to exclude from their seats, pending the con-
test, any of their colleagues whose seats are con-
tested, but in this memorial and protest do not pro-
pose to do more than present their claims to their
uncontested seats. jAMES B. BECK.
A. P. GROVER.
THOMAS L. JONES.
Mr. MARSHALL. It seems to me manifest
that the House did not act with due considera-
tion in adapting the resolution passed here on
the 3d. Here, as appears by this memorial,
iftid as is known to thfe House, are three gen-
tlemen from the Commonwealth of Kentucky,
with all the proper, evidence of their election
as Representatives, and ready to take the oath
as members-elect from that' State, elected by
large and overwhelming majorities, against
whom hothing has been alleged or was alleged
as an objection- to their taking their seats prior
to the passing of that resolution, who are arbi-
trarily deprived of their right to participate in
the business of the House. The House has
refused to admit, and has referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections the cases of gentlemen
against whom no charge has been made, and
the regularity of whose election is not ques-
tioned. I have felt that upon reflection the
House would now, without hesitation, correct
the grave error they committed on that occa-
sion, and it is this impression which has in-
duced me to seek the floor at this time. This
right of representation is a sacred and holy one,
and the American people will not look with
indifference on the perpetration of such gross
injustice against any State or district of this
country.
Mr. SPALDING. Is there any motion be-
fore the House ?
Mr. MARSHALL. I propose to submit a
motion. I would not have risen to make tho
remarks which I have made if I were not
strongly impressed with the conviction that in
regard to these gentlemen the House did not
act advisedly. I cannot believe that any de-
liberative body having regard for their own
reputation would deliberately and advisedly
perpetrate such gross injustice and establish a
precedent so dangerous to the whole system
of representative government. I move, there-
fore, that in the case of James B. Beck and
A. P. Grover, members-elect to this House
from the State of Kentucky, the Committee of
Elections be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the question submitted to them,
and that these gentlemen be permitted to take
the oath of office at this time.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not desire to discuss
this question further, but I feel called upon to
reply to the remarks made by my colleague
[Mr. Marshall] in reference to the manner in
which this question has been passed upon by
the House. The statement that ho makes, that
no charge is made against these men, is simply
incorrect. The charge was made in the reso-
lution before the House, and the statement was
made that Mr. Jones and Mr. Grover, two of
the gentlemen he names, were arrested and
imprisoned for treason. I made that statement
to the House, and 1 reassert it. I will go ^fur-
ther and' say that when the Committee of Elec-
tions come to examine the case of Mr. Grover
they will find that the records of the State of
Kentucky show that he voted to take the State
of Kentucky out of the Union, and spoke in
favor of it, and that for that he was imprisoned
in jail at Louisville, Kentucky.
Mr. Jones was imprisoned in Camp Chase
for similar conduct, except the voting; I do
not understand that part of the' charge as ap-
plying to him. As to Mr. Beck, who is one of
the gentlemen signing this protest, I am in-
formed by credible persons, and I believe, that,
during the time the rebels were in Kentucky
he, under their protection, made speeches 111
favor of raising troops to recruit the rebel
army. ,. , , ,
These are the reasons which prompted me m
introducing the resolution in reference to these
men as well as the others. My object was to
strike, not at the right of representation of
Kentucky, but at the right of rebels to have
seats in this Hall. The resolution was based
upon these facts as detailed here by responsible
and reputable persons. ,
Now sir, I do-not want to discuss this ques-
tion : but I will say to my colleague [Mr. Mar-
shal!.] that it may be fitting for him now to
stand here and defend rebels m this Hall; but
I am sorry to see a Representative of the proud
prairie State willing to take upon himself the
defense of any man who attempted, by either
word or deed, to destroy this Government. I
presume my colleague does it without a proper
knowledge of the facts. If he doss it, how-
ever, with a knowledge of the facts, then he is
making himself accessory to such acts by his
defense of them.
Mr. MARSHALL. I ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawks] to yield to
me for a moment.
Mr. DAWES. I will do so.
Mr. MARSHALL. My colleague's personal
allusion to myself I do not deem it necessary
to notice in any way. My motives for my ac-
tions upon this floor are always sufficient for
myself. This mode of traveling outside of the
question before the House to impugn the con-
duct and motives of members may be deemed
creditable by some; but I do not propose to
follow the example, or attempt any vindication
of myself.
My colleague is mistaken in his statements
here in regard to these gentlemen. I referred
only to what occurred here the other day—to
the impropriety of the action of the House at
that time and the danger of the precedent that
was then set. There were no affidavits pre-
sented against these gentlemen. Their elec-
tion by an overwhelming majority is not dis-
puted. No persons have appeared, or are yet
appearing, to contest ther seats. I say that
the action of the House is wrong in principle,
as well as unprecedented in practice, and
ought not to be sustained.
£ do not intend now to go into the history of
these gentlemen claiming seats. I do not re-
gard that as involved in the motion I have
made. I d'o not know a great deal about
these gentlemen personally; but I have been
informed since my colleague took the floor
that he is entirely mistaken in regard to Mr.
Grover ; that that gentleman was never dur-
ing the whole rebellion arrested or imprisoned
for treason or any other offense. Mr. Jones
was arrested at one time, as a great many per-
sons were during the rebellion. No charge
was ever preferred against him, and he was
finally discharged without any attempt having
been made to present a charge against him,
either directly or in any other way. These, as
I am informed and have no doubt, are the
facts in regard to these two gentlemen.
But, sir, suppose all that has been stated by
my colleague were true. My colleague does
not allege that these gentlemen have been
gnilty of treason. He simply says that they
have been charged with it. Why,_ sir, a great
many persons during the late civil war were
charged with treason. It has been, indeed, a
common charge against one great party in the
country. These charges have been wantonly
and inconsiderately made; and I know of my
own personal knowledge that a great many
persons who were arrested during the war upon
charges made by miserable spies and sneaks
laid down their lives afterward in defense of
the flag of their country, and were at the time
of their arrest as pure patriots as'my colleague
even can or will claim to be.
These are the statements, pro and con., on
the one side and on the other. I repeat that
no contestant appearing here up to this time,
no charges being made against these gentlemen
, by affidavit or in any other way by any gentle-
man who knows or professes to know anything
about the facts, it seems to me to be improper
that they should, with their commissions in
their hands, be turned out of these Halls and
refused all participation in the deliberations of
this body. If tliey have been guilty of any act
that disqualifies them or renders them unfit to
occupy places upon this floor as Representa-
tives, 1 have no objection to seeing them turned
out in the proper way, after a fair investiga-
tion of the facts, made in the usual way, and
in pursuance of the laws provided for such
cases; and when satisfied of the fact that they
are personally disqualified, I would not hesi-
tate to vote to turn them out of their seats.
But it is an easy matter to get up a clamor of
this kind against any one; and if this course
