THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jilly 5,
Mr. WOOD. I move to reconsider the vote
just taken, and to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. That is not usually done.
^ Mr. WOOD. Cannot the vote be reconsid-
ered during the session-
The SPEAKER. It call; the motion is in
order.
The'motion to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table was agreed to.
thanks to major general sickles.
Mr. PIKE. I offer the following joint res-
olution tendering the thanks of Congress to
Major General Daniel E. Sickles, and move
to suspend the rules for the purpose of consid-
ering the same:
Be itresolved by the Senate and House of Represent'
atives, That the thanks of Congress be tendered to
Major General Daniel E. Sickles for his able and
faithful performance of the duties of commander of
tho second district of North Carolina and South
Carolina.
The motion to suspend the rules was agreed
to, and the resolution was read a first, second,
and third time.
Mr. PIKE. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the resolution.
Mr. NOELL. Will the gentleman yield to
me for an amendment?
Mr. PIKE. I decline to yield.
Mr. NOBLL. I ask to have my amendment
read.
Mr. PIKE. The gentleman may offer any
other resolution he pleases separately.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays on the passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 111, nays 17, not
voting 39; as follows :
YT3AS-—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Baker, Baldwin,
Banks. Bearaan, Benjamin, Benton, Bingham, Bout-
well, Bromwell.Brooniall. Buckland, Butler, Church-
ill, Roador W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn,
0«ok, Cornell, Covode, Dawes, Dixon, .Donnelly,
Dricgs, Egwleston. Ela, Eliot, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields,
Unriield, (travel,v, Griswold, Hamilton, llarding,
Hayes, Hooper. Hopkins, Chester D. Hubbard, Hul-
burd, Hunter. XngrersoII, Jenckes, Judd, Julian, Kel-
lev, Ivelsey, Kitchen. Koontz, George V. Lawrence,
Wilhnm tawrenoe, Lincoln, Loan, Logan, Lougli-
rid«c. Lynch, Mallory, Marvin, McCarthy, McCtnrg,
Merenr. Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Morrell, Myeis,
]\cv,Te<mib, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Peters,
Pike, Pile, Poland, Polsley, Price, Raum, Robertson,
lawyer, Selienok, Scofield, Shanks, Smith, Spalding,
Starkweather. Aaron F. Stovons, Thaddeus Stevens,
Stewart, Taffe, Taylor, Thotaas, Trowbridge. Twieh-
oll, Upson. Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Robert T.
Van Horn,Ward, CadwaladerC. Washburn,Heury D.
Washburn. William B. Washburn. Welker, Thomas
Williams, James P. Wilson. John T. Wilson, Stephen
E. Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—111.
NAYS—Messrs. Arcbcr, Boyer, Burr, Chanlor,
Eldridgo, Getz, Glossbrenncr, llolman, Hotchkiss,
Marshall, Morrissoy, Mungen, Niblack, Noell, Ross,
Van Trump, and Wood—17.
NOT VOTIN(5—Messrs. Allison, Delos R. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Barnes, Blaine, Blair, Brooks,
Cake. Callom, Dodse, Bckley, Farnsworth, Finney,
Fox, Haight, llalsoy. Hill. Asahel W.Hubbard, Hum-
phrey, Kerr, ICetchnm, Laflin, McCuHough, Morgan,
£ icholson, Phelps, Plants, Pomeroy, Pruyh, Randall,
Ivobmson, S'elyo, Shellabargcr, Sitgreaves, Stone,
Tabor, Van Auken, Van Wyck, and William Wil-
liams—K).
So tho joint resolution was passed.
Mr. PIKE moved to reconsider the vote last
taken ; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on.the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
THANKS TO MAJOR GBXBB.M, POPE.
Mr. JUDD. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a joint resolution
tendering the thanks of Congress to Major
General John Pope.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object. "
Mr. JUDD. I move a suspension of the
rules.
The nuestion was taken; and (two thirds vot-
ing ^in favor thereof) the rules were suspended.
l'he joint resolution was then read a first and
second time, ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays on the passage of the joint resolution.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The joint resolution was passed.
Mr, JUDD moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
stationery for members.
Mr. SPALDING, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the same allowance be made to
members of the House for newspapers and stationery
during the present adjourned session as they are en-
titled to receive under therules for a short session of
Congress.
Mr. SPALDING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
thanks to major general schoi'ield.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I desire to offer a resolu-
tion tendering the thanks of Congress to Major
General John M. Schofield. I only wish to say
that although he bears the same name he is
no relation of mine ; I wish very much that
he was.
No objection being made, the joint resolu-
tion was received, read a first, and second time,
ordered to be engrossed and road a third
time ; and being engrossed, was accordingly
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed ;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
constitutional amendment.
Mr. SCOFIELD, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the President be requested to inform
tho House what States have ratified the amendment
to tho Constitution of the United States proposed by
the concurrent resolution of the two Houses of Con-
gress of June 16,1866.
leave of absence.
Mr. WARD asked and obtained indefinite
leave of absence for Mr. Mallory.
qualification of voters.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to offer the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
instructed to inquire whether under the Constitution
Congress has power to prescribe the qualifications of
voters in tho several States, and if they deem it ex-
pedient, roport a bill prescribing the same.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I move a
suspension of the rules to enable me to offer
the resolution.
The question was taken ; and (two thirds vot-
ing in the affirmative) the rules were suspended,
and the resolution was received.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I demand
the previous question on the resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask a division of the res-
olution.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is not
divisible. The rule on the subject is that the
question shall be divided "if it comprehend
propositions in spbstance so distinct that one
being taken away a substantive proposition
shall remain for the decision of the House."
That is not the case in this instance.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I move to lay the
resolution on the table.
Mr. WOOD. I would inquire as a question
of order, whether under the resolution passed
day before yesterday, this would not come
under the head of general legislation in ease
the committee should report a bill?
The SPEAKER. It does come under that
rule.
Mr. WOOD. Then I apprehend that no such
bill can be reported at this session,
The SPEAKER. Bat the rules have been
suspended—that rule along with the others—
to allow the introduction of the resolution.
That role, like all other rules, may be sus-
pended, as it has been in this case.
The question being taken on the motion
of Mr. Holman, that the resolution be laid on
the table, there were—ayes twenty, noes not
counted.
So the resolution was not laid on {be table.
The question recurred on agreeing to the
resolution.
Mr. HOLMAN called forthe yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to,
capitol police.
Mr. COBB, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution; which was read?
considered, and agreed to :
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the
Senate concurring,) That a Joint select committee be
appointed, to consist, of two on tho part of the Sen-
ate and three on the part of the House of Representa-
tives, whose duty it shall be to inquire into the man-
ner in which the act approved March 30,1867, entitled
"An act to authorize the appointment or certain
watchmen, and for other purposes," has been exe-
cuted, and report whether any and what farther
legislation is necessary or proper to secure tho effi-
ciency of the Capitol police force.
Mr. COBB moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to-.
mexican affairs, etc.
Mr. SHANKS. I ask unanimous consent t©
offer the following resolutions:
1. Resolved, That the people of every nation of right
have the control of their own Government respect-
ively, and in their sovereign capacity to create,,
maintain, or exchange its principles and its work-
ings in accordance with their own judgments.
2. Resolved, That this right, includes that of quell-
ing insurrections and repelling invasions, with the
right to punish treason and usurpation at borne and
usurpation from abroad.
3. Resolved, That all people hare the right to
choose their own officers, and that all orders of nobil-
ity and all assumed right to rule, based on birth, are
in opposition to republican government and obnox-
ious to a free people,
4. Resolved, That we look with anxious ha-pe for
the prosperity of all republican governments, and at
this time especially for our sister republic of Mexico;
and that we view with pleasure the information of
the restoration to power of the government of her
people over the self-styled Emperor Maximilian, of
the so-called royal house of Hapsburg,
5. Resolved, That in the opinion of this House the?
attempt recently made to establish an empire in
Mexico on the ruins of a republic would not have
been made had not the United States at that time-
been engaged in a civil war of great magnitude; and
that said attempt was part of a gigantic effort to
overthrow and destroy the Republic of the United
States, in which the slave power of America and its
natural ally, the aristocracy of Europe, labored
with preconcerted and united interest p and that the
fall of Maximilian and the annihilation of that
usurped authority, were necessary to the success of
republican principles and^ government in Mexico
and elsewhere, and are eminently right and proper.
6. Resolved, That the people of the United States
cannot look with unconcern upon an attempt to con-
trol the destinies of Mexico by a Power or Powers in
antagonism with republican government.
Mr. WOOD. T desire to discuss those reso-
lutions.
The SPEAKER. The resolutions are not
yet before the House. The gentleman from
[ndiana [Mr. Shanks] asks consent to offer
them, or does he more to suspend the rules?
Mr. SHANKS. I move to saspend the
rules.
Mr. WOOD. I had the floor.
Mr. SPEAKER. The gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Shanks] has held the floor from
the time when he presented the resolutions.
Mr. WOOD. Well, sir, I regret that a,ny
member of this House can be found to indorse
the barbarwis assassination of Maximilian. I
think it is discreditable-—
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Wood] is not in order, and must
resume his seat. The gentleman from Indiana
