506
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
on reconstruction, numbered 123. 124, 125,
126, 129, and 130, have instructed me to re-
port a bill (S. No. 131) to give effect to an
act entitled "An act to provide for the more
efficientgovernraentofthe.rebelStates," passed
March 2, 1867.
The bill was read a first time by its title.
Mr. WILSON. Let us have it read in full,
bo that we may know what it is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
read a second time at length, if there is no
objection.
Mr. SUMNER. I rather think it should not
be rpad-a second time to-day. It is an im-
mensely important measure; and when one
bears in mind what occurred on Friday, and
the disposition which was then shown by the
majority of this Chamber, I feel that we ought
to fall back upon all the rules of the Senate for
our protection. The bill may be read at length,
but I object to its proceeding beyond one
stage to-day.
Mr. WILSON. Let us have the first read-
ing in full.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It has been read once.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.. The first
reading has been gone through with.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let it be read a second
time, and then it can go over and be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I suppose
the bill may be read for information.
Mr. SUMNER., I object to its second read-
ing.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If there is to be that
captiousness in the Senate I will report it as
an amendment, and then the Senator from
Massachusetts will not have it in his power to
object to its second reading. I report it as an
amendment to Senate bill No. 125, if we are to
be annoyed by a captious objection of that
kind. My object in reporting that form was
because I thought it would be simpler for the
Senate to see it as a new bill, as it is made up
of several bills, and have it altogether; and I
propose to have it read the first and second
time and sent immediately to the printer, so
that we can have it before us. The Senator
from Massachusetts, however, objecting to the
second reading, will compel me to offer it as an
amendment, in order that it may be before the
Senate at the earliest time ; and I now offer it
as an amendment unless the Senator consents
to withdraw his objection and let it be read a
second time.
Mr. SUMNER. If I understand the Sen-
ator, it is not his purpose to press it to-day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I cannot press it to-
day.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not know since the
vote of Friday what the Senate cannot do.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand perfectly
well that by the rules of the Senate this bill
cannot be forced to a vote to-day, and I am
very free to say I have no expectation of such
a thing. I did not suppose it could be forced
to a vote to-day. I knew the rules of the Sen
ate would not permit it. If the Senator from
Massachuset ts persists in his objection, I have
only to vary my report and make this an amend-
ment, and then it would properly come up to-
morrow, being the report of a committee to-
day ; but I should prefer having it published
as a clean bill, unembarrassed by the others.
Mr. SUMNER. And I would rather see it
so myself, if there can be a distinct under-
standing that its second reading to-day is not
to be an excuse for pressing it on without
proper consideration in this body.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Do you withdraw your
objection ?
Mr. SUMNER. With that understanding.
, Mr. TRUMBULL. I can make no under-
standings with the Senator. I have stated to
him that the rules of the Senate do not permit
it to be considered if a single person objects,
and I do not expect it to be forced to a vote ;
but I do not propose to enter into any under-
standings with the Senator after the objection
he has made. I have stated my own views in
regard to it, and I have no authority to make
undarstamdings with the Senator. It cannot
be acted upon to-day; the Senator knows it
perfectly well; and I have no disposition, as
the organ of the committee, to press it.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; if the Senator
had said that at first I' should have made no
objection.
Mr. POMEROY. There can be no objec-
tion to its being read a second time and going
to the printer.
Mr. SUMNER. Of course not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I ask that it have
its second reading at length.
Mr. POMEROY. Let it be read a second
time, and printed. Of course it cannot be
acted on to-day; but it can go through, the
stage of being printed and then considered to-
morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Massachusetts withdraw his ob-
jection to the second reading of tho bill?
Mr. SUMNER. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
read a second time with a view to its printing.
The bill was read a second time at length,
as follows:
A bill to give effect to an act entitled "An aet to pro-
vide for the more efficient government of the rebel
States," passed March 2,1867.
Be it enacted, <&c„ That the true intent and mean-
ing of the "act to provide for tho more efficient
government of the rebel States," passed March 2,
anno Domini 1867, was, is, and shall oe construed to
be that tho military authority of the "United States in
said rebel States, as provided in said act, was and is
paramount to anyeivil government existing therein,
makes all such civil governments subordinate to
such military authority, and prohibits them from
interfering in any way with the exercise of such mili-
tary authority.
Skc. 2. And be it further enacted, That the com-
mander of any district named in said act shall have
power, subject to the approval of the General of the
armies of the United States, whenever in the opin-
ion of such commander tho proper administration
of said act shall require it, to suspend or remove
from office, or from the performance of official duties
and the exercise of official powers, any officer or per-
son holding or exercising, or professing to hold or
exercisc, any civil or military office or duty in such
district under any power, election, appointment, or
authority derived from, or granted by, or claimed
under, any so-called State or the government thereof,
or any municipal or other division thereof; and upon
such suspension or removal such commander, subject
to tho approval of the general aforesaid, shall have
power to provide from time to time for the perform-
ance of the said duties of such officer or person so
suspended or iemovcd,by the detail of some compe-
tent officer or soldier of the Army to perform the
same.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That tho General
of the armies of the United States shall be invested
with all thepowers of suspension, removal, and detail
granted in tho preceding section to district com-
manders.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That tho acts of
tho officers ofthe Army already done in removing in
said districts persons exorcising the functions of civil
officers and appointing others in their stead are
hereby confirmed.
Skc. 5. And be it further enacted. That the hoards
of registration provided for in the act entitled "An
act supplementary to an act entitled 'An act to pro-
vide for the more efficient government of the rebel
States,' passed March 2,1867, and to facilitate resto-
ration," passed March 23,1867, shall have power, and
it shall be their duty before allowing the registration
of any person, to ascertain, upon such facts or infor-
mation as they can obtain, whether such person is
entitled to bo registered under said act; and the oath
required by said act shall not be conclusive on such
question, and no person shall be registered unless
sucli board shall decide that he is entitled thereto;
ana such board shall also have power to examine
under oath (to be administered by any member of
such board) any one touching the qualification of any
person claiming registration.
Skc. 6. Andbeit further enacted. That the trueintent
and meaning of the oath prescribed in said supple-
mentary aet is (among othor things) that no person
who has been a member of the Legislature of any
State, or who has held any executive or judicial office
in any State, whether he has taken an oath to sup-
port the Constitution of the United States or not, and
who has afterward engaged in insurrection or rebel-
lion against the United States, or given aid or com-
fort to the enemies thereof, is en titled to be registered
or to vote; and tho words "executive or judicial offi-
cer in any State'' in said oath mentioned shall be
construed to include all civil offices created by law
for the administration of the general laws of a State.
Sec. 7. And be it further cnactcd, That the time for
completing the original registration provided for in
said act may, in the discretion of the commander of
faX district, be extended to the 1st day of October,
18o7; and the boards of registration shall have power
and it shall be their duty, commencing twenty days
prior to any election under said act, and upon reason-
able public notice of the time and place thereof, to
revise, for a period of three days, the registration
lists, and upon being satisfied that any person not
entitled thereto has been registered, to strike the '
name of such person from the list, and such person
shall not be allowed to vote. And such board shall
also, during the same period, add to such registry tho
names of all persons who at that time possess tho
qualifications required by said aet who have not been
already registered; and no person shall at any time
be entitled to be registered or to vote by reason of
any executive pardon or amnesty for any act or thing
which, without such pardon or amnesty, would dis-
qualify him from registration or voting.
Sec. 8. And be it farther enacted. That seotion four
of said last-named act. shall bo construed to author-
ize the commanding general named therein, when-
ever he shall deem it needful, to remove any member
of a board of registration and to appoint another in
his stead, and to fill any vacancy in such board.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose the bill will
be printed as a matter of course.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
printed under the rule, being the report of a
committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask leave to report
back—I believe they were sent to the Chair—
the bills which were referred to the commit-
tee, and I move that they be indefinitely post-
poned.
'Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator will pardon
me, I suggest whether he had better not report
back and ask to be discharged from their fur-
ther consideration, which will leave them on
the Calendar.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
that. I merely made the motion to dispose of
them, as the bill just reported"supersedes them.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the
motion to indefinitely postpone these bills
withdrawn ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will simply ask that
the Committee on the Judiciary be discharged
from their further consideration, if the Sen-
ator prefersit, andletthem goon the Calendar.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will be made, no objection being interposed.
Mr. WILSON subsequently said: I desire
to move an amendment to the second section
of the bill that was reported by the Committee
on the Judiciary this mornltig, and I ask to
have it printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will be made.
INDIAN HOSTILITIES.
Mr. DRAKE. It is quite evident to me,
from the remarks of my colleague, that he
misapprehended the tenor and scope of my
previous remarks. I do not wish to be under-
stood in any sense whatever as objecting to the
consideration of the resolution which he desires
to offer at this time. On the contrary, feeling
as he does that the matters embraced in the
resolution are matters of very great importance
to the whole region of country from which I
come, and of especial importance to the State
which I have the honor in part to represent
here, I desire that the resolution shall be offered,
and shall be acted upon at once. But the thing
that I am after is this: here is the first occa-
sion that has arisen under the resolution of
last Friday for construing its terms, and now
my colleague rises and gives practically a con-
struction to the terms of that resolution by
asking the unanimous consent of the Senate
to offer his resolution—not the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to consider it after it is
offered, but the unanimous consent of the Sen-
ate to offer it. I appeal to the Chair to know
whether that would have been necessary but
for the adoption ofthe resolution of last Friday?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Certainly
not.
Mr. DRAKE. The Chair answers mo that
it is not necessary. The point of objection
with me is, that my colleague shall not ask
the unanimous consent of the Senate to do
that for which the unanimous consent of the
Senate^ is not necessary, and thereby practi-
cally give a construction to that resolution of
last Friday which it does not boar upon its
face, in my judgment. That resolution cuts
offlegislative business." I deny that a res-
olution of inquiry adopted by this body, call-
ing_ upon a department for information, is
legislative business within the meaning of that
resolution; and that is the sole point that I
make. If my colleague will get up and offer
