C0F0BBSSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
will have a very powerful effect in correcting
a sort of childish sentimentalism, if I may be
allowed that expression, on the subject of the
execution; in other words, proper punishment
of one who, according to my ideas, was the
most arrant i^Ion of the present age.
The resolution was adopted..
CAPITOI* POLICE FORCE.
Mr. CHANDLER, I desire to offer a reso-
lution of inquiry. I believe it is now in order.
The, PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is in
order; but, if the Senator will permit me, I
desire to lay before the Senate certain pro-
ceedings of the House. I should think they
ought not to be delayed. There is a resolution
from the House, which will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the following concur-
rent resolution from the House of Representa-
tives:
Resolved by the Mouse of Representatives, (the Senate
concurring,) That a joint select coqimittee be ap-
pointed, to consist of two on the part of the Senate
and throe on the part of th e House of Representatives,
whose duty it shall be to inquire into the manner in
■whieh the act approved March 30,1867, entitled "An
act to authorize the appointment' of certain watch-
men, and for other purposes," has been executed, and
report whether any and what further legislation is
necessary or proper to secure the efficiency of the
Capitol police force.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there is
no objection to its present consideration the
question will be on agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. POMEROY. I apprehend that that
looks to a report from a committee with a view
to legislation and the joint action of the two
Houses, and that it cannot be considered under
the resolution adopted on Friday last. I make
the objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I do not
know that the resolution of the Senate could
bind the House. I am not sure whether a res-
olution of a joint character is within the scope
of that resolution. The resolution adopted
by the Senate was not a joint resolution. I
am inclined >to think that the resolution ought
to have such a construction.
Mr. RAMSEY. It seems to me that the
resolution of the House does not necessarily
contemplate legislation at all. It cannot be
inferred from anything on the face of it cer-
tainly.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to have the
last clause of the resolution read again, about
the report of the committee.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
And report whether any and what further legisla-
tion is necessary or proper to secure the efficiency of
the Capitol police force.
Mr. POMEROY. I understand that to be a
report for legislation if thly find it necessary.
Mr. RAMSEY._ When' you come to--that
stage, then you might interpose an objection,
but certainly not now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will refer this question to the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. Such a resolution ought not
topass. This subject ought to go to the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, who
have the supervision of this bailding. The
question as to what may be the regulation of
the police here ought not to be submitted to a
distinct committee of this body, a special com-
mittee.
Mr. RAMSEY. It cannot be so clearly
wrong, because the House of Representatives
acted otherwise about it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That does not bind us.
Mr. RAMSEY. Of course that does not
govern us; but it is not so clearly wrong as the
benator from Iowa apprehends. They pro-
pos© to send tli© matter to a. committee.
Mr. GRIMES. We do not know under
what influence it passed the House of Repre-
sentatives.
_ Th e PRESIDENT pro tempore. The objec-
tion is that this resolution cannot be consid-
ered under the rule we have adopted. That
is a question of order which the Chair will
refer to the Senate again. It will have to be
decided by the Senate.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not understand -tbi&t
there is any possible ground of objection to
this resolution that can be found_ under the
resolution adopted last Friday. It is not legis-
lative business. It may lead in the future, at
some distant period, to propositions of legisla-
tion. If those propositions coma up at this
session of Congress, then the attempt may be
made to apply the rule 5 but as the matter
stands at present, I do hot see that there is
any possibility of objecting to a resolution <t>f
that kind under the resolution of last Friday.
. Mr. WILSON. Whether we have the power
•to do it or not, I think we had better not adopt
it. It appears to me that we have committees
enough now who have the care of this busi-
ness, and we had better trust one of our own
standing committees instead of getting up a
special committee of the Senate on this sub-
ject. I think the best thing that we can do
with that resolution is either to reject it or lay
it on the table.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If it is ruled out of
order by the Senate that is the same thing.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore put the ques-
tion as'to whether the resolution was in order,
and declared that the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. DRAKE. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Before the yeas and nays
are taken, I wish to say a word on this ques-
tion. We have ordered by what now stands as
a rule of the Senate that we will not enter upon
legislative business, not upon bills merely, but
legislative business, excepting the particular
character that we have specified. Now, here
is a concurrent resolution from the House
which provides that we will now organize a
committee intrusted with certain powers and
duties respecting remodeling the law touching
the Capitol police. If that is not legislative
business, the very appointment of the commit-
tee to do that thing, especially with power to
report a bill upon it, I should be glad to be
informed what legislative business is. Without
any disrespect to my friend from Missouri, I
think I can foresee that if he succeeds in mak-
ing this break upon the will of the majority as
to what we are to understand by these things,
he will have gone a large way toward opening
certain other subjects which, as a patriot, I can
conceive he has at heart, which we should not
wish to enter upon, and use this as a precedent
against us. We ought to adhere in a fair and
manly way to the interpretation of the order
wo have made; and it certainly seems to me
that is legislative business which calls upon the
House of Representatives or the Senate in
their legislative capacity to appoint a legisla-
tive committee to inquire into subjects of legis-
lation and report upon them.
Mr. SUMNER. The question is how we
shall interpret that resolution. There are two
ways of approaching it. One is to regard the
resolution as unconstitutional and inoperative,
and therefore to be disregarded, so that what-
ever may beoffered shall be treated as in order,
that resolution to the contrary notwithstand-
ing ; and the other is, to insist upon its appli-
cation strictly and to the letter. If the first
mode is adopted, then the proposition under
consideration is clearly in order; that is, it, is
in order, the resolution of the Senate to the
contrary notwithstanding. But if the resolu-
tion of the Senate has any validity, this is a
case for its application. The proposition before
you is unquestionably legislative in its charac-
ter. It is just as much legislative in its char-
acter as the bills that have been reported to-day
by the chairman of the Judiciary Committee,
nor more nor less. If those bills are legisla-
tive in character, then this resolution is legis-
lative in its character. Therefore, according
to the letter of the resolution, it is clearly out
of order, and the Senator from Vermont is
right. He believes in the resolution. I do not
believe in it, however.
Mr. FOWLER. I feel disposed to be gov-
erned by the resolution of the Senate accord-
ing to the fair and reasonable interpretation of
that resolution, and shall vote on all matters
accordingly. I proposed to be governed in that
way from the beginning. However, I think
there is a different mode of interpreting that
resolution besides those expressed by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. _ Without disregard-
ing it altogether, I think it is not necessary to
stick in the mere letter of that resolution,
but we may adhere to the spirit of the resolu-
tion and exclude from our deliberations all
business of a strictly legislative character, such
as refers directly to the passing of laws. But
if I understand the resolution now before us,
it simply provides for the appointment of a
certain committee to make certain inquiries.
They may report a bill. It is not necessary
that we should j>ass that bill at the present
tifme, or consider it. It is possible it might be
necessary or very proper to pass it, in which
case we should be allowed to act upon it. I
think such was the promise made t>y all the
Senators here who were the strongest advo-
cates of putting this muzzle on us. I propose,
however, to walk strictly according to the rules
that have been laid down, as strictly as I pos-
sibly can, although I do not want the muzzle
pressed too close. I will wear it during the
present session becomingly.
There is one thing in reference to it that I
wish to refer to, and that was a remark that
fell from the Senator from Vermont, that if
this resolution were passed it would open up
certain other subjects which, as a patriot, the
Senator from Missouri would not wish to open
up. I confess I did not understand that; nor
do I understand any of those subjects which
ought not to be opened up at the present ses-
sion.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. He said "as a
patriot he would wish to open up."
Mr. FOWLER. Then I misunderstood the
remark. I understood it, "as a patriot he
would not wish to open up ; " but I understand
now he said "he would wish opened up." I
shall vote fo£ the resolution of the House.
Mi'. HOWE. I wish simply to say that a
fact has just been communicated to me which
would lead me to sympathize with the object of
the resolution if that object were before us now
for consideration but as I understand the
question to be simply one of construction and
a question of order, so to speak, and as I con-
ceive this resolution to be excluded by the
express terms of the resolution adopted the
other day, I must so say upon my vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is whether it is in order to consider the
resolution of the House under the rule adopted
by the Senate.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 8, nays 26 ; as follows :
TEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Drake, Fowler, Ram-
sey, Boss, Sumner, Thayer, and Wade—8.
NAYS — Messrs. Buckalew, Cameron, Conkling,
Cragin; Davis, Edmunds, Fessenden, Frelinghuysen,
Grimes, Harlan. Henderson, Howard, Howe, John-
son, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Patterson of New
Hampshire, Patterson of Tennessee, Pomeroy,
Sprague, Tipton, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Willey,
Wilson, and Yates—26.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Cattell, Cole,
Conness, Corbett. Dixon, Doolittle, 5?erry, Guthrie,
Hendricks, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Norton,
Nye, Saulsbury, Sherman, Stewart, and Williams—19.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ate decide that the resolution is not in order,
and it goes over "under the rule.
MAXIMILIAN'S DECREES IN MEXICO.
Mr. CHANDLER. If it is in order, I desire
now to offer a resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Resolu-
tions are in order.
Mr. CHANDLER. I read by the telegraphic
dispatches from Europe that England, France,
and Austria have suspended diplomatic rela-
tions with Mexico, and have gone into" mourn-
ing over the death of Maximilian, and that
some of them have even suspended their con-
sular and commercial relations with Mexico,
and others may follow this example. There
seems to be an entire misapprehension as to
the state of affairs in Mexico 
Mr. SUMNER. What is the question under
consideration ?
Mr. CHANDLER. I am going to offer a
resolution ; I am merely giving- ■
