510
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
will agree to it. It will occupy no time. The
Senate is a practical body. If it were a ques-
tion of legislation about which there would be
any debate, of course it ought not to be con-
sidered, but I cannot see the propriety of a
single objection to passing this resolution pre-
venting its consideration.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the Senate will
not think I am objecting to the resolution per
sc. I am for it. I tried to have the Senate
pass it the other day before we passed this
resolution; but as we have passed a resolution
that we would not consider any legislative
business except on one subject, I am now for
living up to it or repealing it. I did not like
the resolution, but having passed it I object to
considering anything that is a violation of it.
Mr. TIPTON. I move that the resolution
limiting business excepting on the questionof
reconstruction be suspended — not knowing
whether I am in order or not—in order that
these complimentary resolutions may be acted
upon and passed.
Mr. Btr.OKA.LBW. I object to that.
' Mr. GRIMES. I confess I am entirely sat-
isfied wifh the idea that these resolutions shall
be cut off by the resolution that was passed by
the Senate. I think it would be exceedingly
immature and improper for the Congress of
the United States, upon the little testimony
they have before them on the subject, to adopt
these resolutions. Until within the last two
or three years a vote of thanks of the Congress
of the United States was regarded as the high-
est benefaction that could be bestowed upon an
American citizen. We have already greatly
lowered it in the estimation of the public by
adopting resolutions conferring it upon civil-
ians for no distinguished merit; and now it
has been proposed by the liouse of Repre-
sentatives, and wo are asked to pass resolu-
tions here, not, as has heretofore been the
case, in regard to Army and Navy officers for
distinguished services in the field, not where
they have periled their lives in defense of
their country and in their efforts to uphold its
banner, but for, it is supposed, civil adminis-
tration. Now, sir, I confess that in the first
place 1 do not knoiV enough about the admin-
istration of these men to be able to pronounce
such a judgment as I ought to be able to pro-
nounce when 1 cast a vote in favor of such a
proposition. So far as General Sheridan is
concerned, we have thanked him for his ser-
vices in the field. What do we know about
his administration atNew Orleans, except such
information as we get through the newspapers?
Then again, I know no reason why if we
vote the thanks of Congress to these officers
we shall not do it to the Governors of your
Territories and the provinces you have pur-
chased from Russia and are about to organize;
and where this example is to end no man can
tell. I think myself that the resolution that
was adopted two or three days ago in regard to
the business of this session is beneficial and
happy so far as it operates upon the joint reso-
lutions that have been sent to us by the House.
Mr. SUMNER. What is the question, Mr.
President?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, whether it is in order to consider th'e
resolution giving thanks to General Sheri-
dan, &c.
Mr. SUMNER. In considering the question
of order I should rather not be led off to any
reply to the Senator from Iowa on the merits
of the proposition. For the present I forbear
to say anything of General Sheridan. He can
wait. A just and generous country, I believe,
will do him justice, even though this Chamber
may be tardy. The question is simply one of
order, and we are brought back again to the
resolution of last Friday. Under that reso-
lution I cannot doubt, if the resolution is inter-
preted according to the natural import of its
language, this resolution of thanks to General
Sheridan is excluded. The resolution of thanks
is a legislative act. If adopted by the two
Houses of Congress it must be signed by the
President, and then pass into the statute-book
of your country. Of course it is a legislative
act; and therefore if you treat the proposition
of last Friday with any respect, you must set
aside this resolution of thanks. ^ I do not think
the resolution of last Friday entitled to respect.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, Is it in order to consider this resolu-
tion at this time under the rule?
Mr. SUMNER. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 5, nays 26; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Cameron, Drake, Ramsey, Sumner,
andWade-5. , . „ .
NAYS—Messrs. Buekalew, Conkhng, Cragm, IV-U
munds, Fessenden, Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Grimes,
Harlan, Henderson, Howard, Howe, Johnson, Mor-
gan, Morrill of Maine, Patterson of New Hampshire,
Patterson of Tennessee, Pomcroy, Ross, Sprague.
Tipton, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Willey, Wilson, and
Yates—26.
ABSENT — Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Caitell,
Chandler, Cole, Conness, Corbett., Davis, Dixon,
DooliStle, Ferry, Guthrie, Hendricks, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Morton, Norton, Nye, Saulsbury, Sherman.
Stewart, Thayer, and Williams—22.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution goes over under the rule. There are
three other resolutions of the same character
on the table and they will take the same direc-
tion, unless it is objected to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
adjourn if there is nothing further to do.
Mr. SUMNER. What are those other reso-
lutions ? I should like to have them all read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. They are
resolutions of thanks to other officers.
Mi-. DRAKE. I beg the Senator from Ver-
mont to withdraw the motion for an adjourn-
ment for a moment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will withdraw it to
accommodate my friend.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The titles
of the other res6lutions will be read.
The Chief Clerk read them, as follows:
A ioint resolution (H. R. No. 54) tendering
the thanks of Congress to Major General Daniel
E. Sickles;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 55) tendering
the thanks of Congress to Major General John
Pope; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 56) tendering
the thanks of Congress to Major General John
M. Schofield.
business of the session.
Mr. SUMNER. I send to the Chair a reso-
lution which I ask to have adopted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be read for inform-
ation.
The Chief Clerk read it, as follows:
Resolved, That the resolution of the Senate adopted
5th July last, limiting the business of the Senate, be,
and hereby is, rescinded.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object to its present
consideration.
Mr. DRAKE. The honorable Senator from
Vermont withdrew his motion for an adjourn-
ment for the purpose of accommodating me,
and I suppose that I am entitled to bring the
matter before the Senate which I had in my
mind when I made the request of him to with-
draw his motion, in preference to the resolu-
tion now offered by the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; let my reso-
lution take its place on the Calendar.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask for the present consid-
eration by the Senate of a concurrent resolu-
tion which has just been received from the
House of Representatives, and which I ask the
readingof, for information, now, before making
the motion that I have to make.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution offered by the Senator from Massachu-
setts is considered as going over under the
rules until to-morrow.
Mr. SUMNER. If it is objected to. I wish
as soon as possible to have what I regard as an
odious resolution, an odious rule, and next to
an unconstitutional rule, rescinded. I begin
to-day my effort, and I shall repeat it every
day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I believe
the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds]
objected to its consideration, and so it goes
over.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; he has the right
to do so.
KBENJIOTXMENT 01' A JOINT RESOLUTION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution named by the Senator from Missouri
<will now be read for information.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
is the House op Representatives,
July 8,1867.
Resolved hy the House of Representatives, (the Senate
concurring,) That the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives be instructed and directed, and is hereby
instructed and directed, to reenroll House jointreso-
lution No. 6 of this Fortieth Congress, that the same
may be again signed by the Presiding Officers of the
Senate and House, and be again presented to the
President for his approval.
Mr. POMEROY and Mr. JOHNSON. What
is that resolution ?
Mr. DRAKE. I was just going to state
what it is, and to state the facts to the Senate,
and to ask this body to consider the matter at
this time and concur in the House resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on considering this resolution.
Mr. DRAKE. In the month of March there
was a joint resolution of the two Houses passed,
which is designated in the concurrent resolu-
tion now just read to the Senate'. It was a
resolution to allow bounties to certain troops
enlisted in Missouri. It passed both Houses,
and the bill was signed by the Presiding Offi-
cers of the two Houses, and the Senators and
Representatives'from Missouri, up to the time
that Congress adjourned over to the 3d of
July, supposed that that resolution had been
presented to the President for his signature.
After the adjournment it was found that it had
not been. A search was made for it very dili-
gently, and at last it was found, and after the
adjournment of the two Houses it was pre-
sented to the President by the chairman of the
Committee on Enrolled Bills of this body. The
President doubted whether it was proper for
him to act upon the bill at all, it having been
presented to him after the adjournment of the
two Houses over from March to July. He
consulted his Cabinet in reference to it, and
finally came to the conclusion that it was not
proper for him to act upon the bill under those
circunibtances, and made a memorandum on
the bill to that effect, and sent it to the office
of the Secretary of State. Now, the object of
this resolution is simply to obviate the diffi-
culty which an accident put in the way of a bill
which had passed both Houses becoming a
law. It is simply to order the reenrollment
of that bill and the re-signing of it by the Pre-
siding Officers of the two Houses. As the two
Houses have considered the measure and acted
upon it after due consideration, and as their
will in reference to the matter has been pre-
vented from fulfillment simply by an accident,
I, on behalf of the State of Missouri, beg the
Senate to consider favorably the resolution
now before the Senate, and to allow that to
become a law by this process, the effectuation
of which has hitherto been prevented by the
accident to which I have referred. I hofie
there will be no objection to action upon this
resolution.
Mr. ROSS. I feel a personal interest in the
success of this proposition, as I am to the full
extent personally responsible for the failure of
the measure. The bill was presented to me
duly on its passage by the Senate at the last
session, and by me forwarded to the chairman
of the House committee, whose duty it was,
under the custom of Congress, to present it to
the President. The House had adjourned for
that day, however, and it was returned to me
and placed on my desk, and there overlooked
until after the adjournment of the two Houses.
Immediately upon the adjournment it was pre-
sented to the President; but he decided that
he could not sign it as the Congress had ad-
journed. It has been suggested that this
action is unnecessary; that the bill may simply
bo called up and presented to the President by
