1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
511
the committee again. This cannot be the case,
tor the reason that the President placed an
indorsement on it to the effect that it was pre-
sented to him out of time, and it is now on file
in the office of the Secretary of State. I make
this explanation, and simply ask that the Sen-
ate will consider the_ subject and pass upon it
in accordance with its former action, as well
on account of its intrinsic merits as the relief
U me personally from this calamity.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I believe in former cases
of tins land, where bills have failed at the end
oi a session through some accident or other, and
have not received the signature of the Presi-
dent, it has been the uniform practice of Con-
gress to repass them at the next session. They
have been introduced anew and have received
the assent of Congress when they are to become
laws, or about that date. I have some difficulty
m my mind with reference to the introduction
of a new practice of this kind; that is, virtually
giving the assent of Congress to a bill and send-
ing it to the President and obtaining his signa-
ture without its going through the ordinary
practice of our rules. I think it is open to
serious objection, and without further reflection
I am not inclined to vote in favor of this meas-
ure.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The suggestion of the
Senator from Pennsylvania strikes me with
some force. • This is either a law or not a law.
A bill passed at the former session of Congress
and failed to become a law. How can we
make it_a law by resolution in this way unless
it be a joint resolution that goes to the Presi-
dent, and having all the forms of law ? I con-
fess that at first blush it seems to me there may
be a difficulty about it.
Mr. GRIMES. Let it lie over until to-
morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it had better lie
over until we can reflect a little upon it.
Mr. DRAKE. I have no objection.
The PRESIDENT^ -o tempore. Objection
being made,' it lies over under the rule.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Moxdat, July 8, 1867.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyntost.
The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
swearing or a member.
Mr. MORGAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a
question of privilege. I hold in my hand the
credentials of Hon. George M. Adams, mem-
ber-elect from the eighth congressional district
of Kentucky, and move that they be received,
and that he may be sworn in as a member of
this House.
The SPEAKER. This gentleman's name
was not included in the resolution referring
the credentials of the other members from
Kentucky to the Committee of Elections, and
he will be sworn in.
Mr. Adams presentedhimselfattheSpeaker's
table and was duly qualified.
call or states for bills and resolutions.
The SPEAKER stated the first business in
order to be the call of States and Territories
for bills and resolutions for reference.
jurisdiction or united states courts.
Mr. POLAND introduced a bill relating to
the jurisdiction of the courts of the United
States; which was'read a_ first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
republic of mexico.
Mr. BALDWIN introduced -a joint resolu-
tion concerning the deliverance of the republic
of Mexico from its foreign enemies ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
1>. 0. varragut.
Mr. BUTLER introduced a bill for the relief
of flag officer D. G. Farragut and the officers
and men who passed Forts St. Philip and Jack-
son under fire on the morning of the 24th of
April, 1862; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
civil service.
Mr. JENCKES introduced a bill to regulate
the civil service of the United States and pro-
mote the efficiency thereof; which was read a
first and second time, ordered to be referred to
the joint Committee on Retrenchment when
appointed, and printed.
post office at new york.
Mr. BARNES introduced a joint resolution
making an appropriation for the building of a
_post office in the city of New York; which was
read a first and second time, and ordered to be
referred to the Committee on the Post Officeand
Post Roads when appointed.
execution 0}' prisoners of war.
Mr. BROOKS introduced the following joint
resolution ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs:
Resolved !>;/ the Senate and House of Representatives,
tic., That Governments or people which execute in
cold blood prisoners taken m war, to be treated ac-
cordingto thelaws of war, have so violated tbojjre/it
principles of national law as well as of Christianity
and humanity as to deservo from the United States
none of the protection given by our neutrality laws,
and that therefore tho Committees on Foreign Affairs
in the Senate and Houso of Representatives bo re-
quested to report at an early day a bill repealing so
much of our neutrality laws as forbids organizations
in the United States of emigration or other parties
to effect and secure settlements in Mexico.
bankrupt act.
Mr. MILLER introduced a bill to repeal an
act entitled "An act to establish a uniform
system of bankruptcy tln-oughout the United
States," approved March 2, 1807; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
revenue officers.
Mr. MILLER also introduced a bill in rela-
tion to the appointment of revenue officers;
which was read a first and second time, ordered
to be referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means when appointed, and printed.
tariff,
Mr. MILLER also introduced the following
joint resolution in relation to the tariff; which
was read a first and second time, and ordered
to be referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means when appointed:-
Whereas the prosperity of this country depends in
a great measure upon adequate projection accorded
to our manufacturing, agricultural, and mining inter-
ests: Therefore,
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives,
&c„ That it is the duty of Congress to pass with as
little delay as possible a judicious tariff, affording
adequate protection to the industrial interests of the
country.
united states court in new hampshire.
Mr. STEVENS, of New Hampshire, intro-
duced a bill to remove the terms of the district
court and the term of the circuit court now
held at Exeter, in the district of New Hamp-
shire, to Manchester, in said district; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
army and navy deserters.
Mr. WELKER introduced a bill in relation
to deserters from the Army and Navy of the
United States; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, ordered to be referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs when appointed, and
printed.
american registers.
Mr. SPALDING introduced a joint resolu-
tion to grant American registers to certain ves-
sels therein named; which was read a first and
second time, and ordered to be referred to the
Committee on Commerce when appointed.
amendment of the constitution.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, introduced a joint
resolution proposing an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States ; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
employes at washington navy-yard.
Mr. JULIAN introduced a joint resolution
providing increased compensation for me-
chanics and laboring men employed at the
navy-yard at Washington, District of Colum-
bia ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Expendituies
in the Navy Department when appointed.
mexican affairs, etc.
Mr. SHANKS introduced the following joint
resolution:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America -in Congress assembled,
l'hat tho peoplo of every nation of right- have tlio
control of their own Government respectively, and
m their sovereign capacity to crcate, maintain, or
exchange its principles and its workings in accord-
ance with their own judgments.
2. Resolved, That this right includes that of quell-
ing: insurrections and ropclling invasions, with the
right to punish treason at homo and usurpation from
abroad.
3. Resolved, That all people have tho right to
ohooso their own officers, and that nil orders of nobil-
ity,and all assumed right to rule, based on birth or
accident, are in opposition to republican government
and obnoxious to a free people.
4. Resolved, That wo look with anxious hope for
the prosperity of all republican Governments, and at
this time especially for our sister republic of Mex-
ico : ana that we view with pleasure the information
of the restoration to power of the Government of her
peopleover ilio solf-styled emperor Maximilian.
5. llenolved, That(wnivingallcxprcsshm of opinion
as to any particular acts of the Government of Mex-
ico,) it is the opinion of Congress that tho attempt
recently made to establish an empire in Mexico on
tho ruins of a republic would not liavo beou mada
had not the United States at that tiuio been engaged
in a civil war of great magnitude; and that said
attempt was part of a gigantic effort to overthrow
and destroy the Republic of the United States, in
which the slavo power of America and its natural
ally, tho aristocracy of Europe, labored with prc-
coueorted and united interest; and that the over-
throw of tho usurped power of Maximilian was
necessary to tho success of republican principles and
government in Mexico and elsewhere, and was emi-
nently right and proper.
0. Resolved, That the peoplo of the United States
cannot look with unconcern upon an attempt to con-
trol the destinies of Mexico by a Power or Powers in.
antagonism with ropublican government.
The joint resolution was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs when appointed.
abduction of santa anna.
Mr. WOOD introduced the following joint
resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs
of the House and of Foreign Belationsin tho Senato
be requested to inquire into and report what action
shouldbo taken by tho Government of tho United
States in view of the forcible abduction of General
Santa Anna Iroin an American vessel by the Mexi-
can forces m Junclast, and whether existing treaties
between tho United States and Mexico and the law
of nations were not violated in that casein such a
manner as (together with other outrages against the
rights and property of Americans) to call for imme-
diate and summary action upon the part of this tro v-
ernment.
The joint resolution was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs when appointed.
reconstruction.
Mr. JUDD introduced a bill to enforce obe-
dience to the act of Congress entitled ''An
act to provide for the more efficient govern-
ment of the rebel States;" which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the
select Committee on Reconstruction.
mexico.
Mr. HARDING. I offer the following joint
resolution:
Resolved byt the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the Untied States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That we hear with unalloyed satisfaction the
announcement of the triumph of our republican
brethren of Mexico over the enemies of freedom, and
we congratulate President Jaurezaml bis noble com-
patriots upon the overthrow of Maximilian and tho
minionsofthe French Kmperor, and the utter anni-
hilation of a throne imported in insult to our nation
and in defianoo of tho oft-declared policy of our Gov-
ernment.
