m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
The joint resolation was read a first and
second tirpe, and referred to tlxe Committee on
Foreign Affairs when appointed,
PROTECTION ©J? PUBLIC GROUNDS.
Mi?. DRIGGS introduced a joint resolution j
which was read, as follows:
Whereas, ir any of the beautiful trees on the public
grounds north of the Capitol- are being eat down:
Therefore,
Resolved by the Senate and Home of Representatives,
&c.t That the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds are hereby instructed to preventthe further
destruction of trees and shrubbery around the Capi-
tol.
The joint resolution was read a $rst and sec-
ond time, and ordered to be referred to the
Committee oil Public Buildings and Grounds
when appointed.
mexican affairs.
Mr. MUNGEN introduced a joint resolution
on the subject of Mexican affairs; which was
read, as follows;
Whereas it has been alleged in the public journals,
as "well as elsewhere, that certain officers, soldiers,
and. marines under the command- and control of
Benito Juarez, President of the republic of Mexico,
did recently, in violation of the laws of nations ana
contrary to the rights and dignity of the Government
of the United States, with force and arms, and against
the remonstrance of the commander of the steamer
Virginia, board said vessel whileshe was on thehigh
seas, and more than a marine league from the const
of the Mexican republic, and nearly five miles dis-
tant from the port of Sisal, and did trample the flag
of the United States under their feet, and did take
and carry away a certain passenger then and there
being, who is known as General Santa Anna, the
said vessel being, asis alleged, the property of certain
citizens of the United States; and whereas the Gov-
ernment of the United States have been at peace
with and friendly to the republic of Mexico, and
has never given aid, support, or encouragement to
the late usurper Maximilian; now, while it is not
the desire or intention of this House to inquire into
or look after the status, personal or political, of said
passenger so alleged to have been abducted, it is
deemed important to know whether our flag has been
trampled upon, our Government insulted, and apcr-
son under the protection of our flag forcibly taken
away; Therefore,
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives, That tho Secretary of State of the United
States be, and he is hereby, requested to communi-
cate to this House, at his earliest convenience, all
the facts which have come to the knowledge of the
Government touching and concerning the said alleged
indignity.
The joint resolution was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
ABOLITION OF NATIONAL BANKS, ETC.
Mr. NOELL introduced a bill for abolishing
national banks, redeeming the bank notes with
legal tenders, and making legal-tender notes
receivable for duties on imports; which was
read a first and second time, ordered to be
referred to the Committee on Banking and
Currency when appointed, and to be printed.
GUARANTY 0® REPUBLICAN GOVERNMENT.
Mr. KELXI3Y introduced a bill to guaranty
a republican form of government to the differ-
ent States of the Union; which was read, as
follows;
Be it enacted, &o.. That whenever tho people of
any of theSrates of the Unionshailproposeto change
their organic law by the formation of a new'State
constitution, and in such constitution any of the
people of such State shall be prohibited from exer-
cising the elective franchise on account of race or
color or previous condition of servitude, in that case
•such constitution shall not become the organic law
until ratified by the Congress of tho United Slates.
The bill was read a first and second time,
arid referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
JONAS PRESTON.
Mr. MYERS introduced a bill granting "a
pension to-Jonas Preston, of Philadelphia, a
sailor of the war of 1812; which was read a
first and second time, and ordered to be
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions
when appointed.
BOUNTIES OF MISSOURI TROOPS.
Mr. MeCLURG. I rise to a question of
privilege. I wish to be instructed by the
Speaker as to what course of legislation should
be adopted to revive (if I may be permitted to
use that word) aa enrolled bill of this the For-
tieth Congress. The bill to which I refer is
either dead or in a trance; and I wish to know
from you, Mr. Speaker, in what way vitality
may be restored to it. I will explain in a few
words the position of the matter.
A joint resolution placing certain troops of
Missouri 011 an equal footing with other volun-
teers as to bounties passed this House without
opposition on the 18th of March last, and
passed the Senate on the 22d of the same
month. That bill was enrolled and was signed
by the Speaker of this House and the Presid-
ing Officer of the Senate. It was handed in
due course to the chairman of the Committee on
Enrolled Bills of the Senate, (Senator Ross,)
and by some oversight—certainly not inten-
tionally—it was placed in his desk, and' there
remained for eight or ten days; so that it did
not get into the hands of the President until
after we had taken our recess or adjournment.
The President construes that adjournment to
be such as is alluded to in the Constitution,,
and upon that ground declares that he cannot
give his signature to the bill. He indorsed his
reasons upon the bill and filed it in the Depart-
'ment of State, where it nowsleeps.
I want to know how that bill can be revived,
and call upon the Speaker- for his opinion ; and
in order that he may know very fully the posi-
tion taken by the President I will send up to
the Clerk's desk and ask to be read the in-
dorsement upon the bill in the office of the
Secretary of State. When that has been read
I should like to have the views of the Speaker.
The Clerk read as follows:
Joint resolution placing; certain troops of Missouri
on an equal footing with others as to bounties.
The first session of theFortieth Congress adjourned
on tho3uth day of March, 1867. This bill, which was
passed during that session, was not presented for my
approval by Hon. Edmuxd (i. Ross, of the Senate
of the United States, and a member of the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, until Monday, the 1st day of April,
18G7, two days after the adjournment. It is not be-
lieved that the approval of any bill after the adjourn-
ment of Congress, whether presented before or after
such adjournment, is authorised by the Constitution
of the United States, that instrument expressly de-
claring that no bill shall become a law the return of
which may have been prevented by the adjournment
of Congress. To concede that, under the Constitu-
tion, the President, after the adjournment of Con-
gress, may, without limitation in respect to time, ex-
ercise the power of approval, and thus determine at
his discuetion whether or not bills shall become laws,
might subject the cxecutivc and legislative depart-
ments of the Government to influences most perni-
cious to correct legislation and sound public morals,
and, with a singlo exception, occurring during the
prevalence of civil war, would becontrary to the estab-
lished practiceof theGovernment from its inaugura-
tion to the present time. This bill will, therefore, be
filed in the office of the Secretary of State without
my approval. ANDREW JOHNSON.
WASHINGTON, D. C., April 20,1867.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri rises to a privileged question, and asks
the opinion of the Chair in reference to a case
tho history of which he has given from his seat.
Previous to the recess taken at the first session
of the Fortieth Congress, on the 30th day of
March last, a bill passed both Houses and was
signed by the Presiding Officers of both Houses.
It was a bill in reference to the militia of the
State of Missouri. By accident it was locked
up in the desk of one of the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, a member of the Senate, and
was not presented to the President for his sig-
nature until two days after the two Houses had
taken the recess. The President then declined
to sign it for the reasons which are indorsed
upon the bill and which have just been read
for the information of the House.
The Chair supposes this indorsement of the
President may be based upon an opinion of the
Attorney General, and while he differs with
great diffidence, of course, with that high legal
officer, still as it presents a point of parlia-
mentary law he may be pardoned for stating
that he dissents from the opinion. The opening
sentence_ of that indorsement is this: "The
first session of the Fortieth Congress adjourned
on the 30th day of March, 1807." If that
were true there is no question that the Presi-
dent would Hot have the power to sign the bill,
but the first session of the Fortieth Congress
did not adjourn on the 30th day of March, 1867;
they took a recess only until the 3d day of July,
at which time, if a quorum did not appear in
such House, it was provided that that first ses-
sion should stand adjourned without day. 'If
Congress had adjourned on the 30th of March
last, then it could not now be in session unless
it had been called together by proclamation of
the President. The Constitution of the United
States declares that " Congress shall assemble
at least once in every year, and such meeting
shall he on the first Monday in December, unless
they shall by law appoint a different, day."
By'law Congress has enacted that the first ses-
sion of such Congress hereafter shall begin on
the 4th day of March, leaving the provision in
regard to the other sessions to remain as it was.
If the first session of Congress, therefore, had
adjourned on the 30th of March it could not
have met, unless at the call of the President,
before the first Monday in December next.
The question is whether the President has the
right according to usage, according to law, and
according to the Constitution to sign a bill
during this prolonged recess. The Chair is of
the opinion that there is no question as to his
power to sign a bill during a recess of a session
of the two Houses of Congress. This power
has been exercised frequently, and as well by
the present occupant of the presidential chair
as by his predecessors. Congress has been in
the usage of taking a recess over the Christmas
holidays for ten daja,or two weeks under that
clause of the Constitution whieh allows the two
Houses to take a recess for more than three
days by concurrent resolution. During the
last holiday recess, from the 20th of December
to the 3d of January following, a bill granting
land to aid in the construction' of a militaa-y
road from Eugene City to the eastern boundary
of the State of Oregon, which had previously
passed,. was signed by the President on the
26th. of December, in the midst of this two
weeks' recess, and has been properly published
as one. of the laws of the United States. If
he could sign a bill during a recess of two
weeks it seems as if there could be no question
that he has the power to sign a bill or to refuse
to sign it where a recess may last three, four,
or five weeks or months. When Congress
adjourns without day it is an entirely different
question, and the Chair thinks that the Presi-
dent could not sign a bill presented after that
adjournment. But this session has not ad-
journed ; it is the same session which passed
the bill, and under the existing state of facts
the Chair thinks that the House might1 direct
the reenrollment of the bill, so that it may again
be submitted to the President. It is, however,
for the House to decide.
Mr. MeCLURG. I desire to offer a con-
current resolution for the enrollment of that
bill.
Mr. GARFIELD. I wish to make an in-
quiry of the Speaker. I have no doubt that
his view of the parliamentary question raised
by the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Mc-
Clurg] is correct; but I desire to ask if what
the President has written on the joint resolu-
tion is not in fact and in law a veto. His dis-
cussion of the legal effects of the recess, whether
logical or illogical, are his reasons for disap-
proving of that resolution. He signs this
statement, which concludes with the statement
that he therefore withholds his signature from
the bill. Does not that operate as a veto?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the bill was not returned by the President with
his objections.
Mr. ELIOT. I rise to a question of order.
I would inquire of the Chair whether the action
of the President does not result in this: that
the bill has become a law by reason of not
being sent back during ten days?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will not decide
that question at present. The point now raised
by the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.' Mc-
Clurg] proposes a reenrollment of the bill.
Mr. ELIOT.- If the bill has become a law
d&n it be reenrolled by the House?
The SPEAKER. Not if the House decides
it has become a law. This is the first time the
House has had its attention directed to the
bill.
