1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
513.
Mr. McdLURG-. I ask to have the reso-
lution which I offer put upon its passage." It
is a concurrent resolution to enroll House res-
olution No. 6 of the Fortieth Congress placing
certain troops of Missouri on an equal footing
as to bounty.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Beitresolved, That the Clerk of the House of Rep-
resentatives be instructed and directed to enroll
House resolution No. G of this, the Fortieth Con-
gress, that the same may be again signed by the Pre-
siding Officers of the Senate and House, and bo again
presented to the President for liis approval.
Mr. SPALDING. I hope the gentleman
will yield for a moment. This is an important
question, and I wish to move its reference to
the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. ROSS. I rise to a question of order.
Is it not in conflict with our resolution in rela-
tion to taking up other business?
. The SPEAKER. The rules require a bill
or joint resolution to be read three times, to
be signed by the Presiding Officers, and sent to
the President. This is a concurrent resolution,
and does not require the signature of the
President.
.Mr. SPALDING. I hope the gentleman
•will allow me to move to refer it to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and let them examine
it in all its bearings and report it back to the
House if it is deemed proper.
Mr. McCLURG-. ) cannot yield for that
motion. This matter was before the Thirty-
Ninth Congress, was embodied by the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs in a
bounty bill, was reported to the House, and
was passed. I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded—ayes
67, noes 20.
Mr. SPALDING. Is that a quorum ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I would
inquire of the Chair whether this bill has been
returned.
The SPEAKER. It has not. It has been
copied by the gentleman from Missouri from
the files in the State Department.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Then
I desire to know how the House can entertain
jurisdiction over the question at all.
The SPEAKER. By taking the previous
question as it has already done. ' It is a matter
for the House to determine.
The main question was ordered ; and under
the operation thereof the resolution was agreed
to—ayes 71, noes 28.
Mr." McCLURG moved to reconsider the vote
just taken ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
execution of maximilian and santa anna.
Mr. BANKS, byunanimous consent, offered
the following resolution:
Resolved, That the President be requested, if not
inconsistent with the public interest, to transmit to
this House any official correspondence or other in-
formation received bythoGovernmontrelativotothe
capture and execution of Maximilian and the arrest
and reported execution of Santa Anna, m Mexico;
and that the Clerk of the House be authorized and
directed, if such correspondence should be received
duringthe recess of Congress, to cause thesame to be
printed for the information of its members.
Mr. ORTH. With the consent of my col-
league on the committee, I desire to offer the
following amendment to the resolution :
Resolved further, That the President, under like
restrictions, communicate to this House all inform-
ation in possession of the State Department m
regard to certain agreements said to have been en-
tered into between the United States, European
and West Virginia Ljnd and Mining Company and
certain reputed agents of the republic of Mexico
in reterence to the issuance of ccrtam bonds, the
possession of certain mining claims or other matters
whatsoever.
Mr. BANKS. I demand the previous ques-
fa°Mr RANDALL. I ask for the reading of
that amendment again. It seems to me that
it does not come within the kind of business
authorized to be done at this session.
The SPEAKER. It was received byunani-
mous consent. • .
Mr. RANDALL. I did not hear the consent
asked Tor.
40th Cong. 1st Sess.— No. 33.
The SPEAKER. Tb e Chair stated it audibly.
Mr. RANDALL. Is that amendment in
order? .
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman makes
the point, the Chair will rule ujwn it. The
Chair, from the hasty reading of the amend-
ment, thinks that it is in order.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. Orth's amendment was agreed to.
Mr. Banks' resolution, as amended, was then
adopted.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] is now entitled to the
floor. Does he yield farther?
Mr. ROSS. I ask that the gentleman from
Massachusetts proceed. I object to his yield-
ing further.
Mr. KELLEY. I desire to offer a resolu-
tion. I hope the gentleman will hear it read.
Mr. ROSS. I want the gentleman from
Massachusetts to go ahead with his business.
I do not yield.
kentucky election.
Mr. DAWES. I present the answer of John
D. Young to the statement of Hon. Samuel
McKee, of the ninth district of Kentucky, and
I ask that it be referred to the Committee of
Elections.
Mr. BROOKS. Has the gentleman any
objection to its being read and printed in the
proceedings of the House, as the protest of Mr.
McKee was ?
Mr. DAWES. I suppose that all the papers
will be printed together.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. McKee's memorial or
protest was read in the House when the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts was not here, and
what I ask is if the gentleman has any objec-
tion that Mr. Young's answer shall be read
here also.
Mr. DAWES. I have no objection to its
being read in the House.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
answer of Mr. Young.
Mr. DAWES. I did not hear the gentleman
from New York; but I am informed by gentle-
men sitting near me that the notice to which
this is an answer was not read in the House.
I am not certain about that myself.
Mr. BROOKS. The memorial-of Mr. Mc-
Kee was read, and if this is an answer to that
memorial it ought to be read.
Mr. DAWES. This is not a memorial or
notice of contest. It is the answer of Mr.
Young to the remonstrance of Mr. McKee to
Mr. Young's taking his seat in the first in-
stance. Let it be read and referred to the
Committee of Elections, and then it will take
the same course as Mr. McKee's remonstrance
Mr. BROOKS. That is all I ask.
The Clerk read as follows:
To the honorable Representatives
of the Fortieth Congress:
My attention has been called to a most extraor-
dinary paper signed " Samuel McKee" laid on the
desks of members, and referred with my credentials
to the Committee of Elections. . .
As that,paper is designed to prejudice me in the
judgment of members of the House, and may alieet
my right to a seat, I deem it my duty to answer it.
I am thelteprcsentative-electto this Congress from
the ninth district of Kentucky. .
It is a district which has been represented through-
out the war: it is in a State which did not secede.
My majority in a peaceful, constitutional election,
over SainuelMcKee, the signer of the paper referred
to, was 1479, and was more than 600 over both my
competitors—there being three candidates.
My seat has been contested by Samuel McKee foi
reasons expressed in his'notice of contest, and
answered in my reply* both of which documents I
nresume are before tho Committee of Elections.
The issues there made will be met at tins proper
time* and in the proper manner. It is sufficient at
this time for me to say that X shall abide the result
w the °qi^stk>if raised by the paper signed" Samuel
McKee," a paper without a precedent m the legisla-
tive history of our country, affects my right to sit in
Congre^ pending the contest. t .
I understand the settled usage m legislative bodies
in this country and England to be, that the person
holding tho certificate of election, which gives a
prima facie, right to sit, shall bo sworn in and act
until otherwise decided upon the proofs submitted
in the contest.
Holding $he prima facie title to the seat, under this
rule I ought to bo admitted.
Thepapersigned Samuel McKee is leveled a&iinst
my right to sit pending the contest.
Because it has been received by the House of Rep-
resentatives and referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions, because it has been printed and laid on the
desks of members, and because it may have had some
influence upon the minds of members and on the
action of tho House, I deem it proper to respond to
this paper, irregular as it is.
In tho first placo, I desiro to call attention to the
fact that said paper nowhere charges that I am not
the legally chosen Representative of the ninth dis-
trict of Kentucky, chosen by a fair and free vote,
and by an unquestioned majority.
In the next place, I invite attention to the fact
that said payer nowhere pretonds that its signer,
Samuel McKee, a competing candidate and a con-
testant for tho seat, is entitled to represent said dis-
trict in Congress.
All the objections urged in said paper against my
right to sitinCongross are purely personal. Whether
true or false, tho questions of fact and of law which
may arise upon them are, if proper subjects for
examination at all, only rightfully examinable on.
the trial of the main contest to tho seat I claim.
But protesting lor tho present in behalf of my con-
stituents and of the sovereign State of Kentucky
against the right of any power or body to inquire in
limine beyond the certificates of election I Jnold, I
will, for ihe information of members t>f the House,
and to afford them all aid m my power in arriving
at a just conclusion in tho premises, notice and an-
swer in order tho soveral allegations of fact sot forth
in the paper signed "Samuel McKee."
Tho firat, second, and third charges against me by
said McKee, assigned as "reasons" whylshould not
be admittod to a seatin tho House of Representatives,
are based upon allegations thatlhave Jjeen disloyal,
that I have given aid and comfort, counsel and en-
couragement to rebels in arms, and that I have vio-
lated my oath ns a judicial oflicer of tho State of
Kentucky by so doing. To each of these charges, in
substance thesame, Isimply state now in reply, as I
authorized a member from New York [Mr. Brooks]
to state on tho floor of tho House, that in form and in
substance, in spirit and in intent, they aro malicious
and false from beginning to end.
So, aKo, the charges sot forth in the fourth, fifth,
and sixth specifications, or "reasons," that I advised
the recruiting of men to fight against or advocated
resistance to tho Federal Government; that I joined
tho rebel army, and was a candidate for colonel of a
regiment in said array, or for any other office; that I
aided bands of *ebel soldiers m capturing Union
citizens and soldiers, and that I gave them aid, aro
equally false, unfounded, and malicious.
It is true, as alleged in the seventh "reason," that
in 18G11 voted for John S. Williams to represent his
distnetin the Congress of the United States, and for
Dr. Parish to represent his county in the Kentucky
Legislature, as I had a constitutional right to do.
But it u not true, so far as I know or believe, that
cither Williams pr Parish in that canvass discussed
or expressed any opinion as to the right of a Stato to
secede from the Union, and I submit that it is not
proper to hold me lesponsibls for their subsequent
conduct. I* have already denied above the allega-
tion which is here again made, that I went into the
rebel army, and I now deny, as is further charged,
that I ever fled to Canada to avoid obedience to any
oider of the United States military authorities m
Kentucky. A A i n
Tho only notice I think it proper to take oi the
eighth and tenth charges is to say that they are
wnolly and entirely falso. ■ .
As for the ninth "reason" for excluding mo from
holding a seat in the House, I deem it necessary only
to say that lean conscientiously take the oath re-
quired by law for the admission of a member, and
that I am ready and willing to do so, and whatever
might be ray own or the opinions of others as to its
constitutionality, I would regard it as obligatory and
binding upon meuntilrepcalcd or set aside by com-
petent authority. The slur upon the Democratic
party of Kentucky I consider unworthy of notice,
and it could only have proceeded from a heart
abounding in malice and uncharitableness.
In reply to the closing paragraph m the paper oi
Samuel McKee, that he can prove the fcpecilications
set forth, if he docs it will be by perjured witnesses.
I feel the more fully warranted in thus presenting
the facts in my case, as by the action ot the House in
adopting the resolution of Hon. John A. Loca>., oi
Illinois, my colleagues and myself are denied our
seats pending tho "report of the committee,' .and we
are not aware of any standing rule that admits us to
the privilege of the floor as members-elect, the rule
on that subjcct being applicable to members ot a
future Congress, while by the adoption of another
resolution contestants from the State oi Kentucky
aro admitted to the floor; thus presenting the sin gu-
lar spectacle of closing the doors to those holding
the regular credentials of members and extending
privileges denied them to contestants VATT
Respectfully. JOHN d. lOUIstr.
Mr. GARFIELD. I wish to ask a question
in reference to the last sentence of the paper
which has just been read. It seems to be there
assumed that these persons claiming seats as
members from Kentucky are excluded from
the floor, while the contestants are admitted
to its privileges. I made the motion on Friday
