514
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
last for the admission of contestants to the
privileges of the floor ; and it was I supposed
understood by everybody at that time that
those claiming seats, not as contestants, but as
sitting members, were included in that motion.
I would like to inquire of the Chair what is the
fact in reference to this point.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has so con-
strued the resolution, and has instructed the
Doorkeeper to admit all the gentlemen claim-
ing seats from Kentucky; both those claiming
to be sitting members and those appearing as
contestants. They are all claimants for seats.
Mr. GARFIELD. My resolution, I think,
would fairly include them all.
The SPEAKER. The Chair so understood,
and has ruled accordingly.
The communication of Mr. John D. Young
was referred to the Committee of Elections.
Mr. BROOKS. With the consent of-the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,]
I desire to present a protest from Hon. James
B. Beck, of Kentucky, against his exclusion
from his seat in the House.
Mr. DAWES. I understand that Mr. Beck
has already presented one protest.
Mr. BROOKS. I am not informed on that
subject.
Mr. DAWES. I hold in my hand a protest
of Mr. Beck, already presented by the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Marshall.]
Mr. BROOKS. I desire to present this
paper and have it referred to the Committee
of Elections. It states that Mr. Beck was
elected by about eight thousand majority over
his competitor; that the canvass was conducted
by public discussion held on nearly every day,
and that no charges of disloyalty were made
against Mr. Beck. I present this protest and
move' its reference to the Committee of Elec-
tions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 also move that the docu-
ment be printed.
The SPEAKER. According to the practice
heretofore, documents referred to the Commit-
tee of Elections have not been ordered by the
House to be printed. The committee have
authority to order the printing with their re-
port of any documents which they may think
should be printed.
Mr. BROOKS. As the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts says that this protest is similar to
one already presented, I will not insist upon
the motion for printing.
Mr. DAWES. The Committee of Elections,
to whom were referred, under the resolution of
the 3d instant, the credentials of certain gen-
tlemen claiming to be Representatives in this
House from the State of Kentucky, and also
the protest of James B. Beck, A. P. Grover,
and Thomas L% Jones, and amotion that the
committee be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the credentials of Messrs. Grover
and Bock, have instructed me to submit a re-
port, which I ask may be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
The Committee of Elections, to whom were referred,
unrler the resolution of tlio 3d instant, the creden-
tials of cortaiu gentlemen claiming to be Represent-
atives in this House iroin tlio State ot Kentucky,
and also the protest of James B. lieck, A. 1'. (irover,
and Thomas L, Jones, and the motion that the com-
mittee be discharged from the further consideration
of the credcntialsof Messrs. Grrover and Beck report:
That as to the credentials of Mr. Grover no evi-
dence lias been referred to the committee; but the
statement has been made under oath before the com-
mittee by Hon. Samuel McKee that the journals of
the Legislature ot Kentucky for 1800-61 will show
that Mr. Grover, as a Senator in that Legislature,
voted thai Kentucky resist by force the United States
m any attempt to coerce the southern States into
obedience.
As to the credentials of Mr. Beck there have been
referred to the committee an unsworn -statement
of S.M. Adams, of Lexington, Kentucky, that the
said Beck was a member of the meeting in Scott
county at which the invasion ot the State by rebel
forces was agreed upon; that he attended the inau-
guration of the rebel Governor Hawes, by Bragg, as
Governor ot Kentucky, and that he announced in
iu <f£r?et.3 °* Pe,xington, during the occupancy of
the State by rebels, that he had accepted a position
on the staft oi John C. Breckenridge.
As tu Xhpmas L. Jones there has been referred to
the committee a statement of Hon. Samuel Mc-
ivee, charging said Jones in general terms with dis-
loyalty, based upon a letter addressed to him by one
William S. Rankin, of Covington, Kentucky, ot date
June 29,1867, of similar import. .
Against J. Proctor Knott there is nothing before
the committee except the fallowing statement, made
in the House. „ . „ T ,
"Mr. Benjamin. Mr. Speaker if I understand
this question as presented to us now, it is that the
credentials of all of the members who present them-
selves here from the State of Kentucky shall be re-
ferred to the Committee of Elections. I believe gen-
tlemen who have been members of this House have
protested against the swearing in of certain members
of that delegation. I heard on that list as read by
the Clerk the name of J. Proctor Knott, who claimed
to bo elected from the fourth congressional district
of Kentucky. Mr. Knott was formerly a citizen of
Missouri, a resident of the district which I have the
honor to represent upon this floor. He resided there
I believe until 1862 or 1863, when he left that State
and moved to Kentucky.
" Mr. Knott, in 1860, 1 believe, was elected attorney
general of the State of Missouri, and served as such
until by an ordinance of the State convention he
was ousted. In the winter of 1861, February, I be-
lieve, the Legislature of that Slate, which was in-
tensely rebel, as every one knows, called a conven-
tion for carrying Missouri out of the Union. Mr.
Knott was elected as a member of that convention.
He served, commencing the 4th of March of that
year. He took an active part in the proceedings of
that convention. The question of secession was dis-
cussed there, and various measures were brought
before that convention for the purpose of accom-
plishing that result. Now, sir, I state here to-day
that the records of that convention will show in all
its proceedings that Mr. Knott was allied with those
who were the most intense in their disloyalty to this
Government, voting for and sustaining all the meas-
ures designed to accomplish the secession ot the State
of Missouri.
"Ho was attorney general of the State of Missouri.
At a subsequent session of the convention all of the
State officers were deposed, as you all-know, Claib.
Jackson being Governor. Mr. Knott went out with
the rest. In the session of 1862 lie did not appear in
his seat in the convention, it was declared vacant,
and another was elected in his stead.
"The disloyalty of Mr. Knott in that State is
notorious. IIis status is as well known as that of any
other of those who figured in the rebellion. I do
not know there is any gentleman hero who protests
against his being sworn in as a member; but the
facts being as I have stated them, I foel it incum-
bent upon mo to lise in my place and object to the
qualification of Mr. Knott as the Representative of
the fourth congressional district of the State of Ken-
tucky; and notwithstanding there is no contestant,
I believe it is the duty of Congress, when the facts
are so well known as in this case, that a person who
has occupied the position he has, and taken the
grounds he has during this war, shall not be per-
mitted to occupy a seat upon this floor.
441 am just informed that the defeated candidate
in that district is going to contest the right to the
seat. It is a fact I did not before know; but it is
necess.uy the Jlouse should know these facts in
order to judge of the character of the Representa-
tives sent here from that State to represent her in
the Congress of the United States."
In reference to John Young Brown, there is evi-
dence that he published the following letter:
Elizabethtown, Avril 18,1861.
Editor Louisville Courier:
My attention has been called to the following para-
graph which appeared m your paper of this date;
"John Young Brown's Position.—This gentle-
man, in reply to some searching interrogatories put to
him by Governor Helm, said in reference to the call
of the President lor four regiments of volunteers to
march against the South:
1441 would not send one solitary man to aid that
Government, and those who volunteer should be shot
down in their tracks.'"
This ambiguous report of my remarks has, I find,
been misunderstood by some who have read it, who
construe my language to apply to the government
°tt the confederate States. What I did say was this;
. Not one man or one dollar will Kentucky fur-
nish Lincoln to aid him in his unholy war against the
feouth. it tins northern army shall attempt to cross
our borders we will resist it unto the death, and if
one man shall be found in our Commonwealth to vol-
unteer to join them, he ought, and I believe will be
shot down before he leaves the State." '
This was not said in reply to any question pro-
pounded by ex-Governor Helm, as you have stated
and is no more than J frequently uttered publicly
and privately prior to my debate with him.
Respectfully, JOHN YOUNG BROWN.
State op Kentucky,* Cownfy of MuMenbero,
. On this 26th day of June, A. B. 1867, before me, a
justice of the peace in and for the county and State
above named, personally appeared M. J. Roark, who,
beingby me duly sworn according to law, on his oath
dothsaythat he is a residentof Greenville, county and
State above named; and further,that he waspresent
at Morgantown, State of Kentucky, on the 10th day
01 1867, and heard John Young Brown, in a
public speech, declare and avow that he was the
author ot a letter charged to have been written by
him, a copy of which letter is herewith filed, marked
B, and made part of this affidavit.
M. J. ROARK.
an^ subscribed, before me, by M. J. Roark
to 26th day of June, 1867. R JSfEEL, '
Justice of the Peaoe, Muhlenberg county.
State of Kentucky, County of Muhlenberg, ss :
On this 26th day of June, A. B. 1867, before me, a
justice of the peace in and for the county and State
above named, personally appeared E. G. Neel, who,
being by me duly sworn according.to law, doth on
his oath say that he is a resident of Greenville, State
of Kentucky; and further, that he was present at
Greenville, State aforesaid, on the 8th day of April,
1867, and hoard John Young Brown, then acandidato
for Congress in this second congressional district, in
a public speech, declare and avow that he was the
author and responsible for a letter charged to have
been written by him in 1861, which letter is filed here-
with as part of this affidavit, andmarked B. He also
stated that in same public specch he had said noth-
ing in said letter that he was not prepared to defend
on that day—i. e., 8th day of April, 1867. He further '
admitted in same speech that for something said or
done by him (Brown) he was in the year 1865 arrested
by order of Colonel Sam. Johnson, of Seventeenth
Kentucky volunteer cavalry, and confined in jail
or prison, E. G. NEEL.
Sworn to and subscribed before me, by E. G. Neel,
this 26th day of June, 1867.
JOHN M. WILLIAMS,
Justice of the Peace. „
In reference to L. S. Trimble there is, among other
things referred to the committee, the affidavit of one
W. F. Ellistoop that the said Trimble was a partner
of his during the summer and fall of 1861 in the busi-
ness of forwarding supplies through the Federal lines
to the confederate troops.
Against John D. Young'there is, among other
things, an affidavit of one Willis Hockaday, alleging
that in the fall of 1861 he was himself captured and
carried a prisoner into the rebel lines by ft band of
rebels under the command of said Young.
Under the resolutions referring these credentials
the committee are not instructed or authorized to
' send for persons and papers or otherwise authorized
to take testimony, but simply to report at as early
a day as practicable.
Thecommittee, therefore, report the foregoing facts
to the House and await further instructions.
Thecommittee are of opinion that no person who
has been engaged in armed hostility to the Govern-
ment of the United States or who has given aid and
comfort to its enemies during the late rebellion, ought
to be permitted to be sworn as a member of this
IIousc, and that any specific and apparently well-
grounded charge of personal disloyalty made against
a person claiming a seat as a member of this House
ought to be investigated and reported upon before
such person is permitted to take the scat; but all
charges touching the disloyalty of a constituency in
a State in which loyal civil government was not
overthrown during the late rebellion, or the illegality
of an election, are matters which pertain to a contest
in the ordinary way, and should not prevent a person
holding a regular certificate from taking his seat.
Mr. DAWES. In connection with that
report, I ask that the resolution referring the
subject to the committee may be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Whereas it is alleged that in the elections recently
held in the State of Kentucky for Representatives to
the Fortieth Congress the legal and loyal voters m
the several districts in said State have been overawed
and prevented from a true expression of their will
and choice at the polls by those who have sympa-
thized with or actually participated in the late rebel-
lion, and that such elections were carried by the votes
of such disloyal and leturned rebels; and whereas it
is alleged that several of the Representatives-elect
from that State are disloyal: Therefore,
Be %t resolved, That the credentials of L. S. Trim-
ble, John Young Brown, John Proctor Knott, A. P.
Giover, Thomas L. Jones, James B. Beck, and John
I). Young, members-elect from the State of Ken-
tucky, shall be referred to the Committeo of Elec-
tions for report at as early a day as practicable.
Pending the report of said committee nono of said
members-elect shall bo allowed to tako the oath of
office and admitted to seats as such.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the report of
the committee be laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Spaaker; in view of the
report of the committee, I offer the following
resolution to the House for adoption.
The Clerk read as follows:
flesolved. That the Committee of Elections bo
instructed to inquire and report whether Lawrence
S. Trimble, John Young Brown, J. Proctor Knott,
A. P. grover, Thomas L. Jones, James B. Beck, and
John -D. Young, seven of the persons who claim to
have been elected Representatives from the State of
Kentucky in the Fortieth Congress of the United
States, or either of them, are disqualified from sitting
as members of this House on account of their having
been guilty of acts of disloyalty to the Government
of the bnited States, or having given aid and com-
fort to its enemies: and that they have power to send
for persons and papers, and to hold sessions of tho
committee during the recess of Congress,if'it shall
bo necessary, for the purpose of a full investigation
of that question, and that they report tho facts in
relation to each of tho above-named claimauts to
this House as early as practicable.
Mr. LOGAN demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
