516
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
Mr. BUTLER. I now ask that the resolu-
tions, as. modified, be put upon their passage.
Mr. NIBLACK. I ask that the resolutions
be reported.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to make a sug-
festion to the gentleman from Massachusetts,
'of one, I have no objection to the fullest
possible investigation and publication of every-
thing connected with the assassination, pro-
vided it is done fully, fairly, and justly, and I
desire now to suggest to the gentleman that he
make this committee of investigation a joint
committee of the Senate and the House.
Mr. JUDD. I desire to vote for this pre-
amble and resolutions, if Iunderstand them, and
to that end I desire to ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts whether the second "whereas,"
the second recital would not be a declaration
by this Congress that the tribunal that has
already tried the conspirators was an illegal
tribunal ?
Mr. BUTLER. Certainly not. The second
"whereas" only provides that in case any per-
son has been legally and duly convicted by any
tribunal, in such case no grace or amnesty shall
be offered by Congress or by the committee,
because that would seem to be trenching upon
the pardoning power; but, sir, as is well'known,
up tQ this time no one of the many conspira-
tors in this great conspiracy, however humble,
has made the slightest disclosure, and for the
reason apparently that there has been no per-
son anywhere to say to them, "If you will tell
the truth and it turns out that you are compar-
atively an innocent party, moved by other
higher parties, you shall be saved," which is
the usual way of ascertaining the truth in all
such cases; and therefore, in drawing these
resolutions, I have putin that power which has
been sometimes exercised in the English Par-
liament in like cases, and which I believe is
well known to the parliamentary law, that
where a man has not been convicted—if he
has been and he is an attainted felon, it is too
dangerous to take his testimony—but that
where a man has not been convicted we may
say to him, " [f you will come forward and tell
the truth you shall have grace and amnesty,
and the testimony you give shall not be used
against you so far as the judgment of the House
is concerned.'' That, it seems to me, is a neces-
sary power.
One word further, though I did not intend to
go into any discussion of this subject. If -the
resolution does not commend itself to the con-
sciences and judgments of members, nothing
that I can say will add to its force. I say here
is the greatest conspiracy ever known to a gov-
ernment, breaking upon this country in a man-
' ne_r not paralleled in history; and of that con-
spiracy) of those who had part in it, of its
objects, its instruments, its inducements, no
record has yet been made, because there has
been no investigation by any competent author-
ity. In the investigation before the military
commission—of which I do not wish t.o say one
word, except that that commission was neces-
sarily confined to a single issue—the question
as to the grand objects of the conspiracy and
the various persons engaged in it could not
well be tried. Nor was that tribunal, from its
nature, fitted for that investigation. On the
trial that is now going .on, that investigation
cannot take place, because at every step both
the Government and the defense are tram-
meled by the rule of evidence that the testi-
mony must be germane and material to the
given issue, outside of which neitherparty can
go. But in an investigation under the charge
of a committee, who shall deal with'the matter
carefully and judiciously, with the eye of the
country upon them, acting upon their respons-
ibilities as members of this House, reporting
to the House and accountable to it, a record
may be made of all the facts and circumstances,
as a warning to the future and as a memento
of the past, which shall be valuable as a part
of the history of the country, even if it should
discover no other or different criminals from
those who have justly suffered the penalty of
their crimes; and it may disclose others who
should be brought before the tribunals of the
country. Why, sir, it has come out only the
day before yesterday, in the course-of the in-
vestigation before the court sitting in this city,
that a certain member of the cabinet of the
late confederate States furnished money for
the purpose of carrying on this conspiracy.
That fact has just this moment come out, and
come out incidentally. Now, it is for the
purpose of dealing with all these facts that we
desire this committee, and that the country
desires it. Let us have it understood, before
assassination becomes established as the cus-
tomary method of disposing of rulers in this
country, as it has in some others, that no such
thing can be done without full and thorough
investigation.
With your leave, sir, I will now move the
previous question.
Mr. JUDD. I ask the honorable gentle-
man to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. BUTLER. I will do so.
Mr, JUDD. Mr. Speaker, I will go with the
honorable gentleman from,Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] as far as he who goes the- farthest,
to investigate this great crime; and if I should
raise a question as to the resolution, pending
I have no fear that the public or any portion
of the public will doubt my motives when it is
known what were my relations with the victim
of this assassination. I desire as much as does
the gentleman from Massachusetts that there
may be a full investigation that shall bring to
the knowledge of the public evidence implicat-
ing every person really connected with the
commission of this great crime. But, Mr.
Speaker, I do not desire, by any vote here
upon a preamble, to declare formally that the
tribunal that was created by the Government
and that convicted a portion of these conspir-
ators, was an illegal tribunal. I do not be-
lieve that 1 am called upon to make such a
declaration by any vote upon this floor.
Mr. BUTLER. Let the resolution be again
read.
Mr. JUDD. I had intended to ask for the
reading of it. I want the gentleman to under-
stand that I will go with him or any other ear-
nest man to probe this matter to the bottom ;
but I will not vote for the adoption of language
which even by implication charges that the tri-
bunal that tried a portion of these conspirators
was not legally constituted. Let that question
be left to the courts.
Mr. BUTLER. The gentleman will find,
by the reading of the resolution, that he is
wholly mistaken as to its purport.
Mr. JUDD and several others. Let it be
read.
The preamble and resolution were again
read, together with the proposed amendment.
Mr. BLDRIDGE. I rise to a question of
order. It seems to me that the effect of this
amendment will be to take from the Committee
on the Judiciary the testimony which they have
taken. The amendment proposes that the tes-
timony which has been taken before the Judi-
ciary Committee shall be referred to another
committee of the House. The effect must be
to take that testimony from the Judiciary Com-
mittee for the purpose for which it was taken.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that
would be the effect. The House can determine,
if it. sees fit. to transfer from one committee to
another.
Mr. BLDRIDGE. I submit to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts to modify his resolu-
tion so that it shall provide that only copies
of the testimony taken before the Judiciary
Committee, appertaining to this subject, shall
be referred.
Mr. BUTLER. I have no objection to that
modification.
Mr. ROSS. I desire to inquire, in regard
to the construction of the resolution, whether
it does not give power to the committee to
pardon Jefferson Davis and other leading
rebels. I would not like to give any such power
to any committee of this House.
Mr. JUDD. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts whether he believes the efficiency
of his resolution would be destroyed by striking
out the preamble?
Mr. BUTLER. I have no belief that the
preamble gives any efficiency to it, but as it is
customary and a rule of the House to vote on
these matters without debate, in the first place
I put in the preamble as a sort of " stump
speech." It having fulfilled its office, I have
no objection to its being stricken out, as it does
no good and no harm.
As to the fear expressed by the gentleman,
that this committee will be empowered to par-
don Jefferson Davis, I doubt whether any com-
mittee of this House would pardon or bail
Jefferson Davis, judging by the vote of the
majority of the committees as constituted by
the Speaker.
Mr. DAWES. I want to call the attention
of my colleague to the last resolution, and to
inquire whether it will admit of the construc-
tion that those who may have been engaged in
the assassination, on their making a disclosure,
shall not be punished ? I shall ask that the last
resolution shall be read, for it seems to me that
any person who under it makes any disclosure,
that any person in favor of whom that com-
mittee shall make a report will go unpunished,
never mind how guilty he may be. If it does
admit of such a construction, if it has that
fault, I for one am not willing, however much
confidence I have in my learned colleague, or
in any committee appointed by this House, to
pledge the country in advance- that any per-
son who shall make disclosures shall not be
punished, however guilty he may be.
Mr. BUTLER. If the House will pardon
me a moment, I think my colleague will find
that it is all right. The first clause gives the
committee power to report an amnesty act
whenever they think proper, and that leaves
the House to deal with that subject and that
report as they please.
Now, the second part is, that where a party
comes forward and makes disclosures,'in that
case the disclosures which he may make shall
not be used against him. That is all; that
they shall never be used against him. I under-
stand it to be the usage at common law where
a promise has been given that if a man comes
forward and makes disclosures he shall not
have those disclosures held as evidence against
himself. The courts would rule it out. But
this being a somewhat novel proceeding, I
desire men should come forward and feel that
they could not be harmed by what they say
before that committee. That is but just and
right, and clearly within the power of the
House.
Mr. DAWES. I ask.that the last paragraph
of the last resolution be read.
Mr. BUTLER. Read the whole of the last
resolution.
The Clerk read the last resolution, as fol-
lows :
Be it further resolved, That as the crime to be inves-
tigated is of the most heinous, and in this country
unprecedented character, and is believed to have
included in its plan and perpetration many persons
holding high* positions of power and authority, be-
cause of the civil war, who wore acting through infe-
rior persons as their tools and instruments; and as
such persons may be prevented from giving evidence
because of liability to punishment for participation
in such conspiracy; therefore, in order to open all
sources of evidence, the committee be empowered to
report an act of grace and amnesty according to par-
liamentary usage to any person having cognizance
of such conspiracy not already put on trial and legally
convicted by a court of competent jurisdiction of
complicity therein, who shall give material and truth-
ful evidence tending to bring to light the facts of said
conspiracy; and that in the judgment, of the House
no person in whose favor such report shall be made
ought to be brought to trial, or any evidence given
by him to the committee used against such person on
any trial.
Mr. GARFIELD. In the power to send
for persons and papers I notice there is not
included power to administer oaths. As this
is a select committee I think"that power ought
to be included. I suggest that the gentleman
add that.
In the second place he says that the com-
mittee is empowered to report an act of am-
nesty. It should be a bill. It does not become
an act until it has passed both Houses.
