1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL" GLOBE.
519
burden of the Radical party of to-day. On his
broad, black shoulders gentlemen are carried
into office and power; and in order to make
the African contribute so far as he can toward
perpetuating the despotic power of the present
dominant party, he is patted on the back,
called "a man and a brother," and promised
equal, social, political, and domestic rights.
The tenor of the bill now pendi g, as well as
the bills which it is intended to explain, and
indeed nearly all the legislation of the Thirty-
Eighth and Thirty-Ninth Congresses, ahd the
first session of the present one, seems first to
wipe out all distinction on account of race,
except so far as the sweeping disfranchisement
of white men is concerned, and thereby secure
to radicalisn?a permanent position and a con-
tinuance of power politically.
Would ft not be well to pause in this wild
career of fanaticism, and inquire whether the
laws enacted and being enacted by the party
in power are beneficial to the Government and
just to the white race, and whether the pres-
ent bill is just and constitutional? It is on
■account of the effect which laws tending to
establish and place the negro, the Indian,
Chinese, Esquimaux, white, and all other pos-
sible races of men on'an equality before the
law, at the ballot-box, in the jury-box, in the
legislative halls, in the social and domestic cir-
cle, and in the bedchambcr, will have upon
our free institutions—hitherto free—ahd upon
the white race, that I propose to call the atten-
tion of the House to the question now pending.
If the whites, the negroes, Indians, Chinese,
and Esquimaux, are all alike, I mean the
races or types alike, in all that goes to make
up and constitute their humanity, the humanity
of each race; alike in their intellectual capaci-
ties, their anatomical structures, their physio-
logical developments and their longevity, then
our Radical friends may with some degree of
propriety and assurance call them "men and
brothers." I admit their humanity, that they
are all men and not monkeys ; but I deny the
"brotherhood I deny the fraternity.
In support of this proposition I would say:
1. They do not look alike ; no two of the
types or races look alike ; they are unlike in
form, in color, in size, and weight.
2. They are unlike in each and every point
and particular which distinguish men from
beasts, as above stated; in shape, in weight,
in height, and also in the duration ot life.
When speaking of these differences let me
be understood throughout my remarks that I
speak of the average height, longevity, and
weight of adult healthy men belonging to the
different races or types.
To illustrate: the Caucasian (a name erro-
neously but generally given to different distinct
races of fair-skinned men)—the Caucasian, or
white man is five feet and between nine and ten
inches high; the Esquimaux fourfeetand seven
inches high ; the Mongolian type, to which the
Chinese belong, five feet and between four and
five inches high. The Caucasian type weighs
one hundred and fifty-six pounds ; the Esqui-
maux ninety-seven pounds; the Mongol one
hundred and thirty-two pounds. The Cauca-
sian lives to be sixty-six years and four months
old; the Mongol to be fifty-three years old ;
and the Esquimaux to be forty-one^years old.
The life insurance companies of Europe and
America all predicate their policies upon the
fact that white men and women live to bo
sixty-six years and four months old on an
average. This average is based upon observa-
tions on the duration of more than six mil-
lion lives. The statistics of the British and
French armies are full of evidence going to
show and to prove that in height and weight
no two races of men have yet been found alike.
The feet and hands, the arms and legs are
unlike in measurement. The hand of the ne-
gro is one twelfth longer and one-tenth broader
than the hand of the white man; his foot is
one eighth longer and one ninth broader than
the white man's; his forearm is one tenth
shorter; and the same is true of the bones
from the knee to the ijnkle. These last sta-ed
measurements are given upon the authority of
Sir Charles Lyell. There has not yet been
found, as far as I can learn, one bone in the
skeleton of the white man which does not dif-
fer both in weight and measurement from its
fellow-boue which may belong to any other
type of man. The skeleton is unlike in the
whole in weight and measurement, and unlike
in every bone of it. These average differences
ought to be conclusive that they cannot and
do not belong to the same type ; and these
unvarying dissimilarities must be produced by
causes which are not accidental.
But perhaps the cranium or skull, being
the cap, so to speak, of the vertebral column,
and a very important bone in all races, will best
serve to illustrate these differences further.
The capacity, by measurement, of the skull of
the white man is ninety-seven cubic inches;
that is the average of one thousand or any
greater number of skulls; the'negro lias sixty-
six cubic inches; the North American Indian
has sixty-three cubic inclios ; the native Aus-
tralian has fifty-six cubic inches. These meas-
urements have been taken with the greatest
possible accuracy, and the fact of an average
difference in each type positively demonstrated.
A line drawn across the diameters of the head
has an average difference in length in each
type, thus showing that the shape as well as
size of the skull is different in each race. Eth-
nologists are nearly, if not entirely, unanimous
in the affirmation of the following propositions,
and are always ready .to submit them for exam-
ination :
1. That cranial differences, both hi shape
and capacity, constitute an enduring and,
therefore, a strictly reliable basis upon which
to establish not only a true classification of the
types, but also to establish the fact that they
are different creations.
2. That the value of this evidence consists
more in tin# permanence thereof than in its
magnitude ; its changeless constancy entitles
it to the character of a specific, positive_value.
3. Each cranial type admits of certain lim-
ited variations, both in shape and size; but
the average of both shape and capacity never
changes; it depends upon the typo form.
4. These cranial typo forms increase in num-
ber and variety as you go from the pole toward
the equator; in other words, the lower forms
are only found in regions ol extreme heat or
extreme cold; the higher forms occupy the
temperate latitudes.
5. That all type forms and typal character-
istics have an indissoluble connection with
climate.
Dr. Knox, one of the most learned and best
.posted lecturers on ethnology it has ever been
my good fortune to find, in speaking ot differ-
ences in the organism, &c., says:
" The raecs of men, when carefully examined, will
be found to show remarkable organic diflerences. In
a dark or colored person, whoso structure 1 h-ul on
opportunity of observing, the nerves of tho limbs
were at least a third less than those of the Saxon man
of the same height."
Professor Agassis; makes similar statements.
Then in this instance at least the nervous
system seems different; and, judging by anal-
ogy, we might with propriety conclude that
the difference is an average one.
The same author says again :
" I am prepared to assort that race is everything in
human history"—
D'Israeli has said the sanTc thing, or makes
one of his characters say so—
"that the raecs of men are not the result of acci-
dent; that they are not convertible into each ot.tier
by any contrivance whatever. The eternal faws^oi
nature must prevail over protocols and dynasties
He might have added Congresses
"fraud that is the law, and brute force, that is, tho
bayonet, may 'etfoct much, have effected much, but
they cannot alter nature.'
We were informed by some leaped gentle-
man who published an article in Haipers
Monthly a few years since entitled " The Cook-
ing of Men"—I give the name of-the article
from memory, but it was some such name
that "the difference in the color of men was
caused by the sun's rays and by climate; that
when men wandered off into Africa and else-
where in the torrid zone, the .intense heat of
the sun ' cooked' them blackand it was so
hot, too, I presume, that it "cooked" their
hair into wool. He quit, evidently satisfied
that he had forever settled the question of the
unity of races in his favor, and proved that
Adam was the first great father of all, and
Noah was our next great father. But will his
theory stand the test of examination ? If the
heat of the sun " cooks" men black, how does
it come that there are so many " cooked" yel-
low, and some qtiite a pale yellow, in the torrid
zone and in Africa under the equator, which
is proved by all travelers through Africa? And
again, if heat "cooks" men black and brown
and yellow, cold ought to bleach them white.
If I mistake not the same author told the pub-
lic in the same "culinary" article that the
Arctic or cold regions produced white men and
animals, and spoke of white bears, white owls,
white sea fowls, &c., as the effect or product
of cold. If he did not, it was some one else,
and it has been often so stated. Now, the fact
is that the Fins and Laps and Esquimaux are
all dark skinned men, the latter nearly black.
Climate furnishes testimony as to where the
different races of men originated; and I affirm
that man cannot live any great length of tima
and enjoy good health outside of the zoological
realm, so to speak, where lie was originally
created." This, of coursc, is only a general
truth, for there have been individuals belonging
to some of the types who have sojourned in
widely different latitudes, and in a few instances
li ave enj oyed good health to old age; but these
are only exceptions to the general rule.
Tho Medical Director General of the British
army in India, in his report for 1860, says:
"Englishmen cannot be acclimated to India; tho
longer they livo thoro the moro unhealthy they be-
come; that children of EnKlisb parentage cannot bo
raised in that climato. That although they may
reside in tho most healthy part of the country, and
besubject to no acutc diseases, nor to any of malarial
oiigin, yet they will vory soon lose all appearances
of good health and beoomo sallow and emaciated as
well as sluggish in both body and mind; and that
persons of forty-five years of age after a residence of
ten years in India will look as old as Englishmen do
at home at sixty-five."
It is also stated on good authority that the
oldest English regiment in India, "The Bom-
bay Taffts," although marriages with British
females have both been encouraged and con-
summated, has never been able since the time
of Charles II to raise drummer b'oys enough to
supply the regiment.
Extensive inquiries have been made by the
head of the Bureau of Military Statistics in
England of Englishmen not connected with the
army, but who reside iu different and distant
southern latitudes, and everywhere in the
torrid /.one where white men live at all, and
all of them, with hardly a single exception, are
in bad health, and their children all die except
such as are sent home to England.
Ethnologists hold that man can create noth-
ing ; no new species have appeared for some
thousands of years. The immortal Cuvior
held until the day of his death that there are
no hybrid races of beasts at least, none fer-
tile, none reproducing and self-supporting.
Nature puts a stop to monstrosities. Mulat-
toes and hybrids, of all races and types, are
nuisances in nature. When tho Spaniards
took possession of tho islands and the central
part of America, of Mexico for instance, they
killed as many of the indigenous inhabitants
as possible, and they only ceased the slaughter
because they wanted laborers to till the soil.
" The old Spaniard was unequal to this ; hewas
out of his element; lie was an exotic." Ihen
came the mixture of the Celt-Iberian with
the Indian blood, the product being a kind of
mulatto or half-breed. But the supplies of
Spanish blood, so to speak, having been cut
off almostentirely when Mexico cut loose from
the mother Government, .the mulatto must
cease too; for as a hybrid he becomes non-
productive after a time if he only intermar-
ries with the mulatto or half-breed. He can
