1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
521
The rule is' true and general that men are
found now as races or types where they first
originated. It may not be improper to add
another item of proof on the subject of climate*
the principle of which is in daily operation.
All the old and well established life insurance
companies in this country forfeit their policies
when individuals whose lives are insured go
south of thirty-six degrees, or north of fifty, or
fifty- two degrees of north latitude. The history
of all the missionaries to southern or extreme
northern latitudes corroborates the testimony
of military statistics on this point. Men were
made and suited to and for the locality where
.they were originally created, and their phys-
ical constitutions and organisms cannot perma-
nently e.ndure any other climate or locality.
But some of our people who pretend to see
in the Indian, the Chinaman, the Esquimaux,
and especially the African, "a man and a
brother," claim that all the wide and impassa-
ble differences which are found between the
races or types of men have been produced by
accidental causes, by climate, and by amalga-
mations. I have already, for the present at
least, sufficiently answered the climatic part of
this proposition, and have only to say that if
, it be true, as held by my Radical friends, thai
the negro is " a man and a brother," that he is
the offspring of Adam, that there was, in other
words, but one race at first, how there could
have been "amalgamation'!" I cannot imagine.
Amalgamation, in the sense in which they use
it, implies a plurality of races, just what eth-
nologists claim ; but in fact it upsets the radical
theory of the " unity of races," upon which
must depend their whole argument in favor of
"equality and fraternity." For as soon as
they admit that the races are of different origins
they can no longer claim that all races are
equal any more than they can claim that the
horse and the ass are equal. The principle
on which the argument rests is identical.
But amalgamation, or miscegenation as it is
is now, perhaps, more elegantly styled, bears
upon this question of origin of races most im-
portant testimony. Tlie Ethnological Society
of France instituted a series of experiments
on the subject of amalgamations and the pro-
duction of hybrid races between animals; and
they gave it a close and thorough investigation.
This was about the year 1841 or 1842. They
introduced, and kept up for a number of years,
in the zoological gardens at Paris, a series of
experiments on the production of hybrid races
of beasts. They had the wolf and the jackal,
the dog and the fox, and a great number of
other animals, which had been considered only
different varieties of the same races, together;
and after the third generation they all became
sterile. They extended inquiries and made
examinations upon the subject of amalgama-
tions between different races of men. The
Ethnological Society of Germany, following in
a like examination, came to the same general
conclusions t£ which they did, namely, that
there are no fr^Srid races of either men or beasts
in the world. This is the same conclusion to
which all really true observers have come;
among them Alexander Von Humboldt. I
admit that Humboldt did become tinctured,
to some degree, with the " transcendental phi-
losophy" of south Germany—of Open, Spix,
Lamarck, and Geoffrey; but it never led him
away from, the main fact that the races or
types of men are different totally and radically,
anatomically, physiologically, and intellect-
ually, and different creations.
Let those "earnest loyal men," as they are
pleased to style themselves, who think, or pre-
tend to think, that all these inferior races of
men for whom they entertain such high opin-
ions, such deep affections, as enable them to
legislate for their special benefit—let these
" earnest" men who, .with the utmost gravity,
when speaking of the negro, ask the question,
" is he not a man and a brother ?" let these
gentlemen examine the writings of Leibig,
of Habersham, of G-liddon, Francis Pulszky,
Alfred Murray, J.-C. Nott, and Professor Agas-
siz, all of whom have bestowed great attention
to the history of thehumanraces, and they will
find that every one of those learned and dis-
tinguished gentlemen, without a single excep-
tion, concur in the correctness of the following
conclusions:
1. That marriages between individuals who
belong to different types, or stocks, do often
produce numerous offspring; butthat marriages
between any of these Children of mixed blood
produce only few children; and the Second
generation still fewer ; and almost all which are
produced by the third generation will die in
infancy, while the fourth generation is almost
always childless ; and of the fifth generation
there is not in all the world an individual
twenty years old.
2. These individuals of mixed blood inherit
all the physical diseases and all the mental
infirmities of both parents, producing an aver-
age standard of physical endurance and mental
power below that of either of the parents ; yet
it is true there are some individuals of this kind
who have great personal beauty and some of
great physical strength, and others again of
real intellectual power, but they are only rare
exceptions to the general rule.
3. These persons of mixed blood are desti-
tute of all distinct type forms, both as relates
to anatomical structure and intellectual organ-
ism ; in them the type is broken.
Those "earnest" gentlemen are also re-
spectfully referred to the following extract
from the pen of the celebrated Professor Agas-
siz:
" I h ave pointed out over a hundred specific differ-
ences between tko bonal and nervous system of the
white man and negro. Indeed, their frames are alike
in no particular. There is not a bono in thonegro's
body that is relatively the same shape, size, articula-
tion, or chemically of the same composition, as that
of the white man. Thonegro's bones contain afar
greater percentage of calcareous salts than thoso of
thowhiteman. Even thonegro's blood ischcmically
a very different fluid from that which courses in the
veins of the white in an. The whole physical organ-
ization of the negio differs quite as much from the
white man's as it does from that of the chimpanzee—
that is, in his bones, muscles, nerves, and fibers. The
chimpanzee has not much further to progress to "be-
come a negro than the negro has to become a white
man. This fact science inexorably demonstrates."
* ■* * * "Climate has no m<5re to do with
thediffereneebetween the white man and negro than
it has with that between the negro and the chimpan-
zee, or than it has between the horse and the ass, or
the eagle and the owl. Each is a distinct and separate
creation. The negro and the white man were created
a.s specifically different as the owl and the eagle.
They were designed to fill different places in the .sys-
tem of nature. The negro isno more anegro by acci-
dent or misfortune than the owl is the kind of bird
he is by accident or misfortune. The ncprro is no more
the white man's brother than the owl is tho sister of
the eagle, or than the ass is the brother of the horse.
IIow Stupendous, and yet how simple, is the doctrine
that the Almighty Maker of the universe hascreatcd
different species of men, just as he has different spe-
cies of the lower animais, to fill different places and
offices in the grand system of nature."
The mixing of races—amalgamation, misce-
genation—is a fatal proceeding ; fatal alike to
the races, fatal to the family, and a degenera-
tion to the individual.' It violates the laws of
organism, it defaces the image, it joins to-
gether what God has separated, its creates
monstrosities and nuisances in human nature.
Miscegenation is a subject of vast import-
ance to society, to posterity, and especially at
the present time to the statesmen of our coun-
try. For it is true in history'and true in science
that nations which allow their national stock
to be adulterated, which tolerate amalgama-
tion with other national types, will perish cer-
tainly, and perish forever. I have said that
this is a question of the utmost importance to
the statesmen of America—of that portion
of it especially which once bore deservedly
the name of "The United States of Amer-
ica ;" and I say now, with all the candor pos-
sible, that if those statesmen, those gentlemen
who are molding and shaping the policy and
laws and regulations for our Government, fail
to be guided by experience and science and his-
tory in shaping a policy to prevent amalgama-
tion, miscegenation, social and political equal-
ity of the different races, white, black, red, yel-
low, and brown, our nation will be suffocated,
as it were, by these foolish and suicidal pro-
jects, these Utopian schemes of equality of
races.
But my Radical friends will laugh to scorn all
such warnings. They sneer atthe idea. They
talk of the Anglo-Saxon race, and some of them
without much knowledge, in fact, of race or
type; they say America is ours, ours to possess,
ours to enjoy, ours to control, ours to trans-
mit ; but if their present line of policy be carried
out, they will have the " melancholy pleasure,"
if such a phrase is allowable, of transmitting
this glorious heritage, purchased by the blooa
and sufferings of our revolutionary sires, and
preserved by the patriotism and valor of their
descendants, to a^hybrid race—a sot of mon-
grels, rnuiattoes,crossesbetween Chinese,Esqui-
maux, whites, mulattoes, Indians, half-breeds,
and nondescripts. My Radical friends, who
see in these predictions nothing except some-
thing to laugh afy and think that the country
is safe—that nobody's daughter will marry a
negro, at least they know theirs will not, and
as they frequently say, they are not afraid of a
negro, &c.—are only l-ecnacting in a very plain
way what has often happened in history. They
virtually say, we are the natives of the soil; we
control its destinies; we own all this country ;
we are rich ; we are powerful; we do not fear
the negro, the Indian, the Chinese, the Esqui-
maux, the. world, the flesh, the devil, nor the
Democratic party. Such, perhaps, were the
feelings, if not the exact language of the Soman,
"when calmly reposing on the banks of the
Ouse, he transmitted letters to his friends at
Rome or Antioch, Rhodes or Carthage, Syra-
cuse or Byzantium ; such, no doubt, were the
thoughts of Cortes when he unfurled the Span-
ish flag in Mexico; such were the thoughts
of Attila, when, penetrating into Europe, he
scarcely saw an enemy worthy his arms. Se-
sostris (if there was ever such a person) had
dreams like these; and Tamerlane, Zengis
Khan, and Napoleon at Moscow." But all
these reckoned without their host; that host is
nature I whose laws are not human laws; who
consults no man, not even my venerable friend,
the leader of the Radicals in this House ; but
who bids us all .look back at what has trans-
pired ; who points with unerring finger toward
futurity and bids us look forward, chronicle
events, and sec history repeat itself in this
particular, through the laws passed and being
passed by those in power in tho legislative
department of this once happy Government.
" Experience keeps a dear school," &c.
There are two other subjects or sciences
which bear important testimony relative to the
origin of types of the human races : I allude to
embryology and cranioscopy. I do not pro-
fess to understand either of these subjects or
sciences thoroughly, but the professors of em-
bryology assert, and thSyare unanimous in the
assertion, that the law of life which operates
to organize man in his earliest moment, that
the spermatozoa and the cell formation are en-
tirely different in each type of the human race;
and that in this department of her work, as in
every other, nature displays infinite variety. I
repeat, then, the declaration of these learned
gentleman, that under a powerful microscope
the fact that the different types of men are
absolutely different creations is no longer an
open question. Tho law which operates to
organize and the being organized are different
from the first and different totally.
But quite the most curious and perhaps the
most important discovery which cranioscopy
has made relates to the position which each
type holds in the scale of civilization. It is
found that the races of men whose brain meas-
ures sixty-four cubic inches or less are always
barbarous and heathen people ; that they have
not intellectual power sufficient to frame a gov-
ernment nor to enact laws; in other words, to
make for themselves any form of government
better than heathenism makes. The races of
men whoso brain measures from seventy-four to
eighty-four cubic inches are the unprogressive
people. They are half civilized or half bar-
