522
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
barous ; the governments they found are always
despotic; the laws they enact are always pecu-
liar, and are different from the laws enacted by
any other type of people.
The people of China, Japan, India—in short
the greater portion of the types of man—are
embraced and included between sixty-eight
and eighty-four cubic inches of brain.
The nationalities whose brain measures
ninety-four cubic inches or upward are the
only nationalities who are progressive and
enlightened, who are capable of cultivating
the physical sciences to practical results, and
whose governments are made for the benefit
of the people.
Cranioscopy declares that the different types
have each a different organization; in other
words, a different creation; and it further
declares that there are as plainly different
kinds of men having different kinds of human-
ities in the world as there are different kinds
of beasts; that the horse and the ox are not
more certainly different creations than the
white man and the Indian, the Indian and the
African, the African and the Chinese, the
Chinaman and the Esquimaux.
Cranioscopy maps out the types and shows
to what countries they belong; what realms
produce each type; that they are never pro-
duced except in those realms; that race and
climate are inseparably connected with type
form; and that science and civilization are also
inseparable.
Physiology testifies that the types of man are
different creations because diseases affect them
differently. The negro will live and enjoy good
health where the white man will die suddenly
of yellow fever, for instance; and he will not
only live and enjoy good health but will mul-
tiply type or race rapidly where the sun is 141°
Fahrenheit, where the air is literally filled with
malarial poison, and when and where the white
man could not live three days, perhaps not
three hours.
People are as easily known, races are as
easily distinguished from each other, by the
customs and us.iges to which they conform,
by the habits of their societies, by the laws
they enact and the forms of government under
which they live, as by any anatomical or physi-
ological differences, or by the color of the
skin.
The North American Indian never made a
law or a government—the white man never
lived without law and government. Sixty-
three cubic inches of brain are insufficient.
The Indian was created for a savage and bar-
barous life. He is even now, in following the
instincts of his barbarity on the plains, hasten-
ing the extinction of his race—which race is
being rapidly broken up to give place to a
higher and a better type of men. The Indian
is different from the white man and from every
olhcrtype of man—different physically, ana-
tomically, intellectually, morally, socially—dif-
ferent in all that constitutes humanity.
There is a natural antagonism between the
races called prejudice; but it is not prejudice ;
it is not a creature of class or caste ; it is not
confined to the low and ignorant, but it is
found among the highly educated, cultivated,
and enlightened. It is the middle wall of par-
tition between the races, setandbuilt up there
by the Almighty. This feeling or principle,
commonly called prejudice, is a part of type ;
a part of lite ; an evidence of different humaif-
ities and different creations, and different and
distinct races.
The principal distinguishing characteristics
between man and the beasts have been enum-
erated or stated by some eminent author, as
follows:
"Man has always and everywhere his standard
estimate of right and wrong, his self-esteem, his
ideas of excellence and degradation, his judgment
of propriety and folly,his consciousness of intellect-
ual power, his belief in a future state of existence,
and his religious nature."
Beasts^ have none of these. Such feelings
and sentiments are the distinguishing traits of
human nature, and all mankind possess tliem,
no matter how low in the scale of civilization
they may be.
But while this is true, it muSt be borne in
mind that these faculties, feelings, and attrib-
utes—these distinguishing traits—are always
different in each different race or type; The
humanity, the anatomy, the physiology, the
intellectuality are constantly unlike. The
standard of right and wrong, the moral affec-
tions, the social affections and feelings, the
ideas of government, are all unlike. The
intellectual power varies from fifty-six cubic
inches to one hundred and fourteen cubic
inches. I cannot now think of a better com-
parison or illustration than to compare the
intellectuality and humanity of the different
races to the different kinds of grain. Some
are wheat, some rye, some, barley, some oats,
Some corn—all grain, but yet different totally
and radically; each kind a different creation,
a different kind of grain, a different crop ; so
with the intellectualities and humanities of the
different races—all humanities, yet each and
all of them of different kinds of humanity,
totally and radically different; each clearly,
broadly, and plainly human—made equally in
the "image." There is no monkey about
them.
These diffcrcnecs are as plainly marked as
the differences between the horse and the ox ;
between the ostrich and the duck; between
the vulture and the robin, or between the swan
and the mocking-bird.
"Who would think of feeding the Canary bird
with the food of the eagle—the sparrow with
the food of the ostrich—the humming-bird
with thefood of thevulture? Those who think
that the negro or Esquimaux or Indian require
the same intellectual entertainments, and are
entitled to and qualified for the same rights
and privileges as the white race, might do so ;
hut none others—no right-minded, intelligent
man would. If all birds could live on the
same food, then all the races of men can live
and enjoy the same privileges and enjoy the
same happiness, in the same society and under
the' same laws. Our Radical friends, to use a
figure of speech, are, by the legislation now
proposed as well as by their general course
of legislation on the negro equality question,
attempting to force the food suitable for the
eagle down the throat of the blackbird; and
to starve the eagle until he agrees to become
a wren or something less.
It is but just for me to state that for many
of the ideas and thoughts contained in my
remarks I am indebted to my esteemed and
learned friend, Dr. 0. White, of Toledo, Ohio.
I have discussed this question of races because
it lies at the foundation of our social and polit-
ical structure. All history shows that a free
government, administered according to law, is
impossible, unless the people who create the
laws and accept them for their government are
endowed with those qualities of mind and char-
acter which have never been exhibited by the
negro race. The attempt to blend the races
by_ the coercion of statutory enactments and
military violence will be instinctively repelled
by the white dominant race ; and if this coer-
cion should succeed, it would have no other
result than a common degradation and a com-
mon ruin.
The most fearful thing now impending over
us is the unblushing disregard of the Constitu-
tion and laws which the advocates of negro
equality now manifest. They are intent upon,
not only the amalgamation of races, but the
utter destruction of our system of government
and the erection of a vast consolidated empire
to be administered upon the maxims of mili-
tary despotism. Whenever a community shall
fall under the suspicion of the central power,
its laws, its traditions, whatever is consecrated
by time, by custom, and by constitutions, will
be swept away, and the will of a military com-
mander, who is not responsible "to any officer
of the United States Government," nor to the
people, will become the supreme law.
At present this transcendent usurpation has
for its avowed object the elevation of the
negro race into a political power that may per-
petuate the rule of the party that now governs
and controls the country. But what may be
its object to-morrow? What personal, what
political right is sacred from its touch in any
one of the States of the Republic? At what
instant may not the leading men of this House
precipitate legislation which will strike down
by a single enactment the safeguards of every
State and place the entire American people at
the mercy of a faction which has seized upon
all the powers of the Government?
Gentlemen console themselves no doubt with
the reflection that they are increasing the.
strength of their party, and that that is a justi-'
fication for every violation of the Constitution
of their country. But let them be warned!
The American people will never consent that
this Government shall be administered in the
interest alone of a party. There is a large
mass of intelligence that cannot be permanently
coerced by party commands. The people will
resume the Government of their country; and
the Constitution, with all its beneficent func-
tions, will again be regarded as the supreme
law of the land.
assassination of president lincoln.
The SPEAKER announced the following
seleet Committee on the Assassination of Presi-
dent Lincoln: Benjamin P. Butler of Mas-
sachusetts-, Samuel Shellabarger of Ohio,
George W. Julian of Indiana, Hamilton-
Ward of New York, and Samuel J. Randall
of Pennsylvania.
Mr. BROOKS obtained the floor, but
yielded to
Mr. ELDRIDGE, who moved that theHouse
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and thereupon
(at four o'clock and twenty minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
petitions,' etc.
The following petitions we™ presented under the
rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By the SPEAKER: The petition of Allen Axe, II.
W. Nye, and J. Dixon, asking compensation for
property lost on the Plains by Indian hostilities.
Also, the petition of 170 colored men, lately United
States soldiers, residing in Kentucky, stating that
the State laws deny them the right to testify in court;
that they cannot therefore obtain redress for murder
and outrage; thatcolored men have been murdered
in cold blood, and not having the right to testify, the
criminals go unpunished, and asking Congress to
grant them the right of suffrage.
By Mr. ELDRIDGEResolution of the Publisher's
Association of Wisconsin, for the abolition of the duty
upon printing paper.
By Mr. II0LBR00K: A meraori al of the Legislature
of Idaho Territory, asking that the organic act of the
Territory be amended increasing the jurisdiction of
justices of the peace.
Also, a memorial of the legislature of Idaho Ter-
ritory, praying for a division of Idaho and Washing-
ton Territories, and for the formation of an addi-
tional Territory, to be called Columbia.
By Mr. PHELPS: Thememorial of Joseph B. Booth,
reporting alleged abuses in the engravers' depart-
ment of the Norfolk navy-yard.
notice of A bilmk
The following notioe for leave to introduce a bill
was given under the ruin:
By Mr. MYERS: A bill granting a pension to
Isaac Preston, of Philadelphia, a sailor of the war
of 1812.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, July 9, 18b7.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
Hon. Jame? A. Bayard, of Delaware, and
Hon. D. S. Norton, of Minnesota, appeared
in their seats.
reconstruction.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 131.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope we may have a little
time for morning business before the Senate
proceeds with the consideration of that bill.
Mr. TBUMBULL. The Senate will decide
in reference to it. As it is now wo are here
