1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
531
One must exclude the other. The power of
universal independent regulation over any
subject is necessarily exclusive.
The fourth section contains nothing material
to the question under consideration. The fifth
section provides that when the people of the
rebel States shall have, by delegates elected as
directed, framed a constitution and shall liav©
adopted the constitutional amendment, and
when their action shall be approved by Con-
gress, that then the rebel States shall have rep-
resentation in Congress, and. the act we are
considering shall become inoperative. The
idea that these rebel State governments are to
continue to exercise independently their func-
tions is by the act excluded and repudiated.
The whole enactment is on the very opposite
idea.
The supplement.of March 23 carries out the
same purpose. Its object is, under the direc-
tion of the military commanders, to provide
for the registry of voters, for taking the votes
of the people on the question of having a con-
stitutional convention, on the election of dele-
gates, and on the ratification of the Constitu-
tion. This supplement proceeds on the idea
that no authority existed in the States to pre-
scribe these regulations, and so Congress pre-
scribed them by this supplement. _
It seems to me, so far as the first five sec-
tions of the act of March 2, 18G7, and so far
as the act of March 23 are concerned, it is
impossible to come to any other conclusion
than that the so-called State governments are
subordinate to the military governments thus
established.
But the sixth section of the act of March 2,
1867, it is claimed, legalizes these _ State gov-
ernments as independent of the military gov-
ernment. In other words, the sixth section
undoes and takes back all that the five previous
sections has done or given. Such a construction
directly violates a familiar principle of con-
struction, to wit, that an act must be construed
together, so that it will all stand and harmon-
ize. The sixth section does_legalize.the State
governments; but how? As independent gov-
ernments ? Not at all. As provisional gov-
ernments? How provisional? Just as is de-
clared in the five previous sections, that is,
subject to the military commanders, existing
by the permission of the military commanders
who are intrusted with the duty of " protecting
all persons in their rights of person and prop-
erty," and who are told that they may allow
civil tribunals to try offenders, and who are
told by the act that any interference with their
military authority under color of State author-
ity is null and void.
In that subordinate provisional condition the
State governments are legalized by the act.
In all cases where military control of a country
is assumed, the civil governments, tribunals,
and magistrates are suffered to exist, exercis-
ing their usual functions in a permissive, pro-
visional manner, so that the usual forms and
sanctions of society may be preserved. When
these States were first taken possession of by
our military forces the civil governments there
were permitted so, and only so, to exist. The
sixth section declares what the first five sec-
tions all necessarily imply", to wit, that the
Siate governments are provisional. The act
further in this sixth section declares that these
governments thus made provisional shall in all
respects be subject to the paramount authority
of the United States, which may abolish, mod-
ify, control, or supersede the same. Yes, and
these rebel States are by virtue of that very
provision subject to what Congress has de-
clared in the five preceding sections of this act,
as well as subject to any other future legisla-
tion Congress may take. _
• The whole act harmonizes, and taken to-
gether means that a military government is
for a time, while reconstruction is going on?
established at the South; that the civil govern-
ment there shall be subordinate, as is always
the case, to the military government, and that
Congress reserves the right entirely to abolish
or to further modify these civil State govern-
m ents.
This act adds nothing to the original recon-
struction act; it only removes doubts which a
misunderstanding of it has created. I for one
am not in favor of adding to or subtracting
from the original reconstruction act one word.
If in good faith the South comply with that
act in letter and in spirit I will favor their rep-
resentation here.
I believe that the success of our grand ex-
periment of self-government, securing the re-
sults of the recent war, our commercial pros-
perity, and thereestablishmentof that harmony
and good feeling which must knit us together
as one people, all call for the speedy restora-
tion of the southern States. And as the gentle
showers and genial suns of spring do more than
the tempests and frosts of winter to restore the
verdure of the earth, so that forbearance which
is consistent with principle will do more to
restore this nation than stern, confiscating,
disfranchising justice.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson.]
Mr. HOWE. I do not rise now to say
whether I shall vote for or against this amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Massachu-
setts. I rise mainly to say, sir, that whether
we adopt or reject the amendment, I humbly
conceive we ought to be governed by other con-
siderations than the one urged so forcibly and
so eloquently by the Senator from New York,
[Mr. Conkling.] If there be good reason
why we should not vacate all those local oflices
existing under those governments which we
have declared to be provisional, I am quite sure
that the conclusion to which the Senator from
Massachusetts arrives, that we have no author-
ity to enact any part of this law, is correct.
Mr. President, this bill does undertake to
say that certain military commanders down
there may vacate every otic of these offices,
and may provide for filling them; how? By
detailing some subordinate. Where do we get
the power to say that? If I understand the
Senator from New York aright, he seems to
suppose that the power to fill these offices by
detail is a power given here iu_the_ superior
over the subordinate. He has it simply be
cause being the superior officer he can com-
mand his subordinate to go to the right or to
the left, to do or to refrain from doing what lie
chooses to order. Now, I think that is a mis-
take. I think a general has no such authority
over his subordinates. I think, to be sure,
he can command his subordinate to do what-
ever lies in the line of military duty, but not
to go outside the line of military duty. Iam
very certain the Senator from Ne\v York
would not insist that there was authority in a
superior officer of the Army of the^ United
States ts command a subordinate of his to fill
the office of mayor in the city of New York,
nor to fill any one of the local offices in the
State of New York. And yet the authority ot
the superior is just as complete in the State of
New York as it is in Alabama or in South
Carolina, is it not? And if that^ authority be
inherent in an officer of the United States m
one portion of the country, it seems to mo it
must be inherent in him in every portion of the
country. * .
But the Senator supposes that there is an-
other distinction between the authority con-
tained in the bill and the authority invoked in
the amendment. He seems to suppose that
it is a very different thing for a general to
command a colonel to enter on trie discharge
of the duties pertaining to one of these local
and municipal offices and for hint to command
a citizen in any one of these districts to do the
same thing. 1 concede that there is a differ-
ence between the authority of a military officer,
generally speaking, over one ot his subordi-
nates and his authority over a citizen ; but
that is not the question here. Is there a dif-
ference between the authority ot a general to
command a citizen to exercise the functions
of an office and his authority to command a
citizen not to exorcise the functions of an
office? There was filling the office that we
call Governor of Louisiana a citizen of that
State, filling it, not in pursuance of his own
pleasure or at his own ciioice, but filling it at
the bidding of the \Vhole people of Louisiana,
or so many of them as were consulted in refer-
ence to that matter, falling short of the whole
I admit. The people of Louisiana had com-
manded him to fill that office. He was a citi-
zen. He was no subordinate of a general, no
inferior. The Senator from New York sup-
poses that the authority is very plain in the
commanding officer to tell citizen Wells to
step out of that office into which he was or-
dered to enter by the people of Louisiana,;
that that is the plain exercise of plain military
authority; but to tell citizen Flanders to step
into that office is the exercise of military,
despotic power; in other words, that it is
very plain that according to law it is perfectly
proper for a military officer to kick a mail out
of his house, but it is very arbitrary and very
despotic and very tyrannical for him to push
a man in.
The force of the distinction does not occur
to me. Sir, I do think you have the author-
ity .to vacate these offices, or you have not;
and I think if you have authority to vacate
them you have authority to fill them. But.
gentlemen say the authority of the mili-
tary officer to do these things has been rec-
ognized by the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States ; that on a given occasion a mil-
itary commander did by detail put his subor-
dinates into civil offices and clothe them with
the function of discharging civil duties, and
the Supreme Court has recognized that, and
therefore, inasmuch as subordinate officers
were employed on that occasion we had better
stand by the precedent.
Mr. President, is it true that the Supreme
Court indicated by a single word, by a single
letter of the adjudication in that case, that the
validity of those acts rested upon tjie fa'et that
the military commander employed subordinates
in the discharge of them ? Or was there a
word or a letter of that adjudication which in-
dicated that it was the opinion of the Supremo
Court that there was any authority of any de-
scription inherent in the military commander
there, and which transcended the authority of
the law-making power ot the United States?
Why had Colonel Mason the authority to do
those things there? Was it because lie had
authority transcendent, supreme, over the au-
thority of the Congress of the United States ;
or was it because he was a servant of the
United States, and of necessity clothed for the
time being with the authority to do specific
things because in the interest of the United
States, while the law-making power of the
United States had refrained from speaking
their will on the subject? Necessarily this
was their view of it; manifestly this was their
view of the subject ; because, if I understand
their reasoning aright, its whole force rests
upon the fact that the United States had not
spoken. These commanding officers were,
there temporarily in the-absence of civil func-
tionaries whatever. Order must be maintained;
the interests ofthe United States, the dominant
and the conquering power, must be defended.
The Legislature had not spoken,£tid until itdid
speak the military authority was provisional,
and must, upon its official responsibilities, do
what it deemed proper, not to suit its own
pleasure, but to suit the interest of the Gov-
ernment of the United States. That was the
poinrtn the case, and the ground upon which
the court stood. Then what did the Legisla-
ture do in reference to that very district when
they came together and did speak?_ Did they
undertake to perpetuate the authority of Col-
onel Mason? Did they undertake to continue
it a day ? Not at all; they proceeded at once
to establish civil government. No, I am not
right in saying that they proceeded to establish
civil government in California. They found
