1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
53S
righteousness of the laws themselves, then I
think I shall be glad to hail them here and
elsewhere as returned. brethren. I am not
sure then but that I shall be ready to kilt the
fatted calf and sit down to a common feast
with them. But if they adopt them reluctantly,
protestingly, remonstrating against the propri-
ety of the acts, and accepting them as the dic-
tate of power which they cannot resist, then I
shall not kill the calf, whatever else I may do.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, the argument
which the honorable Senator from Wisconsin
has made upon this subject seems to me to
exhaust the question. I have nothing further
to say in reference to it. I desire, though,
before a vote shall be taken on this amend-
ment, to explain why I cannot vote for it. It
is because of the exceeding breadth and scope
of it. I do not think that the circumstances
of the case require that every civil office in the
rebel States should be vacated and filled by mil-
itary authority. The honorable Senator from
Massachusetts, in the course of his remarks
upon it, referred to the number of those offices
in those ten States as being probably fifteen
thousand. I cannot concur in the expediency
of instantly vacating so large a number of offices
in those States, extending from the highest
office in each State down to the lowest. '1 he
views which I had formed before I came to this
session have been expressed and laid before
the Senate in the bill which I introduced the
other day, and which I hoped would be lound
to contain provisions which would commend
themselves to the Committee on the Judiciary ;
but it seems such has not been the case. In that
bill it was provided that the higher offices of
those several States should be vacated upon
a given day, and be filled by the commanding
general, and that the inferior offices should be
subject to be vacated by the commanding gen-
eral whenever he should see proper; and.I
think that is the wisest course now, for it is
those high officers that are working the mis-
chief which the Senator from Massachusetts
spoke of in his remarks. It is not the consta-
bles and justices of the peace and members of
town councils and officers holding inferior posi-
tions of that kind that are doing the mischief;
* it is the high officers, and they should be the
ones whose offices should be vacated. If that
course should be adopted, a fatal blow would
be struck at the influence exerted by the rebel
authorities down there against^ the work of
reconstruction, and very little disorganization
or trouble would take place in those States;
and simply because the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts goes to the extent it
does, not because it contains a principle of
action which I disapprove, I shall be con-
strained to vote against it; and if it should not
be'adopted I shall present to the Senate that
proposition contained in the first section of the
bill which I introduced the other day, and let
us see whether that will meet any better fate
at the hands of the Senate.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, the
amendment now offered by the Senator from
Massachusetts is similar in character to an
amendment offered by him and rejected at the
last regular session of Congress, when the
reconstruction act was under consideration.
On the 20th of February the following pro-
ceedings took place; I will read them :
" Air Wilson". T desire to offer an amendment,
but'if it is objected to on this side of the Chamber i
shall not press it. It is to add to the sixth section
of the House amendment 'the followingworus:
'"'And all offices now hold under tbo assumed
authority of the rebel State governments shall be
ve-ted within ninety days after the passaged this
ac't- and it Shalt be the duty of the commanding
officer of each military district to enforce this pro-
V1"The amendment to tho amendment was rejected.
"\tr Wnso\- I do not desire to press my
amendment against the wishes of our friends on this
side but I believe it is our duty to do what it pro-
nnsU in amc other form and m some other bill, if
notonthis."—Congressional Globe, Thirty-Ninth fl-
orets, Second Session, page lGto.
On a previous occasion that memoer had
addressed the Senate strongly in favor of wip-
ing out these existing State organizations in
the southern country and supplying their place
in some manner, either "by direct congressional
legislation or by the action of the military
commanders who were to^ be placed in com-
mand of the several districts. It was then
throughout the debate upon all sides conceded
that those existing State governments were for
some purposes valid and effectual institutions.
The Senator from Ohio who then sat upon
my right, [Mr. Sherman,] and whose name
was identified with the form which the recon-
struction bill assumed in.the Senate before it
went back to the House of Representatives
and was amended there, gave an elaborate
statement at my instance of his views in regard
to the character and status of those State organ-
izations. He gave at my instance in particu-
lar an explanation of the preamble to that
bill, which, as it was introduced by himself, he
ought certainly to have comprehended. His
argument was this: that those State organiza-
tions, set up at the instance of the President
of the United States by the people, were not
legal State governments, as is said in that
preamble, for purposes of representation m
this government; that they were not State
governments within the purview ot the Consti-
tution of the United States, and for that rea-
son entitled to demand membership on the
floor of the Senate and on the floor of the
other House, but that they were governments
properly and validly instituted by the people
of those several communities for local pur-
poses, and might be regarded in that light, and
that it was perfectly competent for those organ-
izations to proceed as they had proceeded be-
fore, to take jurisdiction of civil and criminal
law, to administer the former systems, both
civil and criminal of those States ; subject,
however, he maintained, to the pleasure of
Congress at any time to arrest their action
and to subvert them or to limit them in their
jurisdiction.
I believe that was the general view enter-
tained or at least expressed by gentlemen of
the majority in this Chamber, whose speeches
are upon record and can be referred to for the
verification of my statement if necessary. In
consequence of this general view then an-
nounced, then held, as I understood, by most,
if not all, of the. majority members on this
floor, the Senator from Massachusetts, who
was not satisfied with the condition of things,
who desired to introduce an element of change,
as he thought of reform and improvement,
presented the amendment which I have read.
That amendment looked to the abolition of
those governments within a peiiod of ninety
days ; that the officers who then acted should
end the exercise of their functions at the end
of three months; and he proposed by his
amendment to confer the authority of Con-
gress upon these military commanders to oust
them from their offices and to institute a new
administration of local aflairs.
Now, sir, could there be any fact more
decisive against the power of these military
commanders under that legislation to remove
these officers in authority in the '1 provisional''
government s, as they are described in the law,
and .to substitute for them appointeesof their
own? This is only one fact in the history of
our proceedings at the last session ; it is only
one in a series of facts which might be cited
in this debate to prove that at that time it was
not intended or expected that our five mili-
tary commanders should assume the imperial
power of displacing officers set up by the people
of those communities and substituting for them
appointees of their own. Besides, by the very
law itself it was expressly declared that the
Government of the United States leserved to
itself complete power and jurisdiction over
those State organizations, or " provisional
governments as they were described in the law.
It is clear from this that complete power over
them was not conferred upon the military com-
manders. , , . ,,  
I say then, sir, that both by the letter ot
the statute and by the proceedings of the two
Houses of Congress, including the declarations
of members, it appears that there is no ground
whatever for pretence of that power which has
been recently exercised, and which is' alluded
to in the first section of the bill reported to us
by tho committee. Before this debate con-
eludes, and when we reach the consideration
of the bill itself as reported by the committee,
I intend to enter upon an examination ef the
enactments of Congress passed at the regular
and at the short session, and to show by them
that the representations which have been made
to the people of the country with reference to
the powers which were conferred by these stat-
utes upon these military commanders are mis-
conceived, that they are unfounded in point of
fact, and that there has been, in all material
respects at least, a fair and reasonable con-
struction assigned to these laws by the Attor-
ney General of the United States, and that in
the propositions which are now being intro-.
duced into the two Houses we have new mat-
ter, and not merely a revision or amplification
of the old ; that these alleged matters of con-
struction of former laws are really measures
in addition to them, in expausiou of our sys-
tem of military government in the South; and
that they will confer, if enacted, new, inde-
pendent, and important powers upon our mili-
tary commanders in that section.
However, sir, I rose at the present time for
the purpose of calling attention to the evidence
which our own debates at the last session fur-
nish of the view which was then held by the
majority in this Chamber with reference to the
position and status of the southern State or-
ganizations. I do not desire at this timeof
the afternoon and on an amendment relating
to a single point to enter into the general
debate upon this bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson.]
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeasand nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 11, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cameron, Fowler, Harlan, Howe,
Nye, Boss, Sumner, Thayer, Wade, Wilson, and
Yates—11. , _ , _ , ,
NAYS —Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Buckalew,
Conkling, Cragin, Davis, Drake, Edmunds, iessen-
den, i'rclinsfhuybcii, Grimes, Henderson, Howard,
Johnson, Morgan, Patterson of New Hampshire,
Ramsey, Tipton, Trumbull, Van Winkle, and Wil-
Messrs. Cattoll, Chandler, Cole, Con-
ness, Corbet,t, Dixon, DooliUle, Ferry, Guthrie, Hen-
dricks, Morrill ot Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Mor-
ton, Norton, Patterson of Tennessee, lomeroy,
Salisbury, Sherman, Sprague, Srowart, and Wil-
liams—21.
So the amendment was rejected.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk,
announcing that the House had passed a bill
(H. R. No. 123) supplementary to an act enti-
tled "An act to provide for the more efficient
government of the rebel States,'' passed on
the 2d day of March, 18G7, and the act sup-
plementary thereto, passed on the 23d day of
March, 1867.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to move a mere
verbal amendment to the pending bill. In the
second and third sections, where " the General
of the armies" is spoken of, the last word
should be in the singulaf, so as to read "Gen-
eral of the Army of the United States."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That cor-
rection will be made, no objection being inter-
posed.
Mr. BUCKALEW. _ I desire to give notice
of an amendment which I shall propose to-
morrow; and if there be no objection I should
like to have it printed.
TIm* PRESIDENT pro tempore. If no
objection be made the order to print will be
entered. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let the amendment bo
read far information.
The Chief Clerk read the proposed amend-
ment, which was to add to the bill as a new
section :
And be it further■ enacted, That in the election of
Representatives m Congress from tho said States
mentioned ill the dot of 2d March, 1S67, each elector
shall be entitled to Rive as many voles as thero aro
Representatives assigned to his tstate by the appor-
