536
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
plated by' it is not mixed, part military and
part civil.
Mr. EDMUNDS. In my judgment it is not.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will ask the
Senator, then, whether, while he provides
supreme military power, he does not authorize
the military power to employ the civil?
Mr. EDMUNDS. In a certain sense I do.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Well, sir, if yon
authorize the military to employ the civil, and
give him power to remove that civil, may he
not substitute the civil, may he not replace the
civil again?
Mr. EDMUNDS. That does not follow at
all, and for this reason: we do not create a
civil government there by these bills. If we
were to do so I should be for creating quite a
different one from what exists there now, based
upon quite a different constituency. I mean
an active constituency who are to elect rulers.
I should exclude a good many more rebels than
are excluded now, and I should, of course,
include a great many more loyal men than ever
had any voice in electing any of the officers
who are holding places in the South at this
time. But Congress by these reconstruction
acts takes the ease as it finds it. It finds there
set up by the President, in one form or another,
a government de facto, a body of men who
administer certain laws. I am not going into
a dissertation to decide what the precise tech-
nical name of that is; I am speaking of the
fact. Within those geographical limits that
we call States there is- found a body of men
who are administering certain rules and prin-
ciples that are called laws. Now, wo just
tolerate that state of tilings ; we allow it to go
on. We are not responsible for it: but wo say
just as far as that existing state of things inter-
feres in the least degree, in the judgment of
the military officer in command, with the proper
administration of military rule there; that is to
say, with an administration which shall secure
to every man life, liberty, and the pursuit of
happiness, just so farit shall be innocuous, and
to that end the offices shall have power to de-
pose this existing government by whatever
name you call it.
Now, the power to depose an existing gov-
ernment that has no legal authority in the
allirniative sense to uphold it, is quite different
from the power of substituting in that govern-
ment one officer for another. Tn the one
instance you legalize and perpetuate and per-
fect a government that had no legal authority
for it, and in the other you merely set aside an
existing slate of things which interferes with
your paramount military will. It appears to
ine that the distinction is quite obvious.
Mr. CONKLING. Will my friend allow me
one moment? If he will I should like to ask
a question of the Senator from Maine who
interrogated him. I recollect that some time
ago a general of the Army, who was afterward
a candidate for the Presidency, deposed, set
aside, and arrested the members of the Legis-
lature of Maryland. Half the country ap-
■ plaudcd that act, perhaps more. I should like
to know from the Senator from Maine whether
in his judgment the party in the country—that
portion of the mind of the country which
approved that act of General McClellan, by
virtue of their approval—signified fairly, or
whether the argument went to the extent of
signifying that had General McClellan gone
further and created another legislature, ap-
pointed by military order a succeeding Legis-
lature of Maryland, that, too, would have been
within the scope of his duties and equally
meritorious? The argument seems to me to
be that if a military man has a right to crush
aside an obstruction, then he has a right to
appoint, whether for life or term of years as
the case may be, an officer in the place- of him
whom he deposes and removes. I think the
e-ise I have stated is sufficiently parallel to jus-
tify me in asking the question.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think they are
as wide apart as it is possible to conceive. In
the case of Maryland it had a government de
facto and de jure. Nobody doubted that.
The military general in command arrested men
who were trying to destroy it. Maryland had
not rebelled. Up to that hour, whatever might
be said of individuals, she was loyal to the
Constitution and maintained her integrity.
There was a Legislature that undertook to take
her out of the Union—to make war. The gen-
eral in command arrested them. That is that
case. Here is a case where the State govern-
ments are overthrown.
Mr. CGNKLING. But the question is
whether McClellan had power to appoint
another Legislature?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am coming to
that: I am trying to lay the foundations for
that answer. [Laughter.] Here is a case
where the State governments are gone, abso-
lutely overthrown, and we put on record here
that there is no State government at all. There
is no office in all the South, and of course there
is no officer; 110 office and no function. The
cases are not parallel at all; and if the cases
are not parallel, the question of authority in
the two cannot be the same, I submit, by any
means. In the last case there is 110 authority
which can be interposed; in the first there was.
In the first it was necessary for you to over-
throw authority in order to reach the point;
but in the case we are dealing with there is no
authority whatever; I mean on our theory.
On the theory of the Attorney General there is.
On the theory that there are officcs down there
having functions, it is true that the case my
honorable friend puts would be parallel; but
011 our theory that there are 110 State gov-
ernments at all there, and 110 officers and no
offices, I submit there is 110 parallel, and of
course the question of authority in this case
cannot by any possibility arise.
Mr. YATES. I ask the Senator whether
he does not think General McClellan had as
much power to appoint a legislature of civilians
as of officers and soldiers?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Doubtless if
we were to go into, that question, I should
agree with the Senator on that point. But,
sir, I have not felt at all embarrassed by the
question of authority in this case from the
point of view we have been legislating. If we
are to legislate upon the ground that these
State governments are absolutely overthrown
and there is no civil authority, then it ap-
pears to me that the authority we cxercise
here may be purely military, or it may be as
the bill proposes and beyond question is mixed,
military and civil. Now, if 1 understand the
theory of this bill, and if I understand the
fact, the legal position of the bill, it is that
while you declare that the military government
which you set up is supreme, you authorize
that military government to exercise its func-
tions through the-employment of civil agents.
That is so. Well, sir, if you can authorize
the military to employ civil agents that happen
to^ be in power, can you not authorize the
military to remove those civil agents and
appoint others? I see no difficulty at all in
doing that. It seems to m'e that is the logic,
an'd that is the necessity of the case on that
theory. But I am sorry to say that the bill
does not quite maintain that theory. I think
the second section of this bill speaks about
officers, officers performing functions.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Or persons exercising
those duties.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, it speaks
of " officers."
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will my friend allow me to
explain ? I admit prima facie the force of that
suggestion from those words alone, but I ven-
ture to say to my friend confidentially, so that it
will not get to the ear of the Attorney General,
that we put in all the words in the vocabulary,
so that it could not be set up in a special de-
murrer that we had not described the individ-
uals. I hope, then, my friend will not make
points against us on that ground.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I did not ques-
tion the motives or the wisdom of the bill;
and I was not disposed to quarrel with it, nor
am I now. I propose to vote for it as it is,
but upon the interpretation, not that there are
officers there, but that there are persons there
exercising certain duties, and calling them
persons, I have no difficulty at all in voting for
the bill; and I have -no difficulty in voting for
the amendments proposed by the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts as a question of
authority. Asa question of expediency whether
it is worth while at this late period to sweep
all these persons who are performing these
functions out of their places and to put others
in, that is a question about which I can con-
ceive that gentlemen may well differ.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move that the Sen-
ate do now adjourn.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask the Senator to-
waive that to allow me to make a motion thai
when the Senate adjourns it be to meet to-
morrow at eleven o'clock. [" Oh, no !"]
Mr. HENDERSON. No; let us adjourn
now. You can bring that up to-morrow if
you choose. I insist on my motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, July 0, I8&7.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton. ^
On motion of Mr. WOOD, the reading ofthe
Journal of yesterday was dispensed with.
RECONSTRUCTION.
The House then resumed the consideration
of bill of the House (No. 123) supplementary
to an act entitled "An act to provide for the
more efficient government of the rebel States,"
passed on the 2d day of March, 1867, and the
act supplementary thereto, passed on the 23d
day of March, 1867.
The SPEAKER. On this bill the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. BuoaES] is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. BROOKS. I have no desire to address
the House, and I do not flatter myself that
anj thing which anybody can say will change
anybody's vote; but it appears to me that, as
the minority member ofthe committee report-
ing the bill, I ought to say something at least '
in the way of protest. But before I proceed
further I crave the protection of the Speaker
to enforce the rules of debate, so-as to save me
from those points of interrogation or exclama-
tion that so often crop out or pop out from
gentlemen skilled in dialectics, who interject
speeches within speeches, and thus destroy all
unity of argument or thought. I crave this
also because ofthe very serious subject-matter
before us, because of the brief time allowed us,
(only an hour and a half,) and I need all of my
little portion of that time without rejoinder or
surrejoinder, rebutter or surrebutter.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York gives notice that he will not be inter-
rupted in his remarks, and he will proeeed.
Mr. BROOKS. Twenty-four years ago there
assembled in Faneuil Hall, Boston, a little
convention of men, one of whom has recently
received the thanks of the Duke of Argyleand
other noble lords of England for the destruc-
tions they have perpetrated upon the Constitu-
tion and the institutions of the United States—
thanks naturally enough flowing from an oli-
garchy who see that success with ns is death
to them, and thanks, therefore, easily tobeac-
accounted for from such a high-born,aristocratic
quarter. This little Faneuil Hall convention
then founded agreatparty, which, spreading be-
yond Massachusetts, embraced at last both the
middle and the western States; and the plat-
form upon which they established tieir party
was the following:
"Resolved, That the Constitution of the United
States-is a covenant with death and art agreement
with bell, which ought to bo immediately annulled."
Our Peter the Hermit, the great fanatical
Crusader, having accomplished his object—■
the forcible emancipation of four million slaves
