542
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
refuse to allow registered electors to vote at such
elections, such person so offending shall be fined and
imprisoned at the discretion of a military commis-
sion.
Sec. —. If any officer of an election held under
tills law, and those to which it is supplementary,
shall give a false and fraudulent certificate of elec-
tion, no shall be fined and imprisoned at the discre-
tion of a military commission. If any officer of such
election shall refuse or neglect to make due and
proper returns thereof to the proper authority, he
shall be fined and imprisoned at the discretion of a
military commission.
Sec. —. If any per.son shall for the purpose of voting
furnish an elector who cannot read the English lan-
guage, at any election held pursuant to this act and
those to which it is supplementary, a ticket which
such person shall represent to such eleotoras contain-
ing a name or office different from the one printed or
written thereon, sueh person shall be fined and im-
prisoned, or either, for every such offense, at the dis-
cretion of a military commission.
Sec. —. If any person shall fraudulently cause or
attempt to cause any elector, at any election held
under this law and said acts, to vote for a person
different from the one ho intended to vote for, such
person shall be fined and imprisoned, or either, at
the discretion of a military commission.
Sec. —. If any elector shall vote more than once at
any election, or shall knowingly hand in to the elec-
tion officers two or more tickets together, or having
voted in one township, precinct, or county, shall
afterward on the same day vote, or attempt to vote in
another township, precinct, or county, such person
shall be fined itud imprisoned, or either, at the dis-
cretion of a military commission.
Sec.—.If any officer of an election shall attempt to
induce by persuasion, threat, or reward or promise
of the same, any clector to_ vote for any person, such
person shall be fined and imprisoned at the discre-
tion of a military commission.
sfcc. —. If any person, not having the legal qualifi-
cations o Javoter at any election under this law and
said acts, shall vote or offer to vote at such election,
he shall be fined and imprisoned, or either, at the
discretion of a military commission.
Sec.—. If anypersonshalluseany threats, menaces,
force or any corrupt means, at or previous to any
election held under this law and said actstowardany
elector, to hinder or deter such elector from voting
at such eloction, or shall directly or indirectly offer
any bribe or reward of any kind to induco any elector
to vote contrary to his inclinations, or shall on the
day of tho election give any public or private treat
or entertainment, or authorize any other person to
do so, to obtain votes for any person, the person so
offending shall be fined and imprisoned at the dis-
cretion of a military commission.
Skc. —. If any person shall in any manner, by fraud
or violence, attempt to prevent tho operation of this
act and those to which it is supplementary, ho shall
bo fined and imprisoned at the discretion of a mili-
tary commission.
Skc. —. Tho tines that may be assessed against per-
sons offending under this act and said acts shall not
be less than $100 nor more than $5,000, and tho im-
piismnnent shall bo not less than six months nor
more than one year.
Sj:c. —. It shall be the duty of the officers detailed
to carry into effect this and tho acts hereinbefore
named, upon receiving information of any offen&e
abovcmcr.tioncd, to report the same to the district
commander, who shall at once convene a military
commission for the purpose of trying the offender.
Mr. SPALDING. I rise to a question of
order. Are all these amendments pending? '
The SPEAKER. There are only two amend-
ments pending, namely, those offered by the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] and the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Benjamin.]
Mr. COBURN. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to accept my amendment.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I decline.
I made a promise yesterday, which I cannot
violate, to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gar-
field] to offer an amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD. J offer a mere verbal
correction in the sccond section. I desire to
strike out the words in the ninth and tenth
lines, "to appoint another person in the stead
of the^ officer or person so removed," and to
insert in lieu thereof the words "to assign any
officer or enlisted man under his command to
the duties of the person so removed." I do
not want the commander to have power to put
civilians in command, only military men.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I now
demand the previous question. I decline to
allow any further amendments to be offered.
Mr. BUTLER. As I understand this mat-
ter, if the previous question be ordered no
amendments will be in order excepting those
that have already been submitted.
The SPEAKER. They will not be. ,
Mr. SPALDING. 1 object to debate.
Mr. BUTLER. I insist upon the previous
question.'
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move
to reconsider the vote by which the House
ordered the main question; and also to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I had hoped
that when the committee appointed by this
House to report for its consideration whatever
they might deem needful to the execution of
the law of reconstruction, had made a report
that adhered to the legislation of the Thirty-
Ninth and Fortieth Congresses, it would have
met with no serious objection from gentlemen
on any side of the House. I had hoped that
a spirit of patriotism in the consideration of
this great question would have risen above the
spirit of party, that gentlemen would have for-
gotten in this supreme moment of the Republic
that they were Republicans or Democrats, and
would have remembered that they were Ameri-
cans—only Americans—having but one Consti-
tution, one country, and one destiny.
I stand here to strip off the disguises of mere
partisans who object to giving to the people of
those ten disorganized States, lately torn and
distracted by armed rebellion, the power to
speak for themselves, with the consent of a
triumphant, compacted, and organized nation.
Is the nation's will to be disregarded? Sir,
instead of meeting the question in the spirit
of patriotism, gentlemen come here and pre-
sent themselves in the unenviable character of
the mere eater-up of syllables, or snapper-up
of unconsidered trifles. That is the quality of
the speech to which we have listened this
morning from the learned and scholarly gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks.]
The honorable gentleman has spoken elo-
quently of the ancient time ; he has dwelt upon
the dead past and forgotten the living present;
he has spoken in classic phrase of Salamis
and Plata;a, of Marathon and Thermopylae,
the glorious recollections of which he has gar-
nered up and reproduced for our instruction,
but he has forgotten, sadly forgotten, the im-
perishable memories dear to the thinking head
and beating heart of the loyal millions of
this land, which rise from the fields of Shiloli
and Stone river, from Ohickamauga and Iven-
nesaw, from Antietam and Gettysburg. Ay,
the gentleman can speak of the perished repub-
lics of pagan antiquity, of their trials and tri-
umphs, but is forgetful of the grander, nobler,
and more enduring triumphs of republican
America, the living and we trust enduring
hope of the world!
Having offered his glowing tribute to the
perished republics of Greece of three thou-
sand years ago, the learned gentleman grows
eloquent^ over the Magna Charta which the
barons of England six hundred years ago wrung
from tho trembling hands of an imbecile king;
but he has no remembrance of that nobler
Magna Charta which Washington, whom the
gentleman professes to revere, wrung from the
hands of another king, the American Consti-
tution, the supreme law of the land, the revered
charter of the liberties of the great people
whom we this day represent.
I submit, sir, with all deference to the gen-
tleman, that he has spoken in a narrow, parti-
san spiiit-unworthy of his great attainments
and of the people who accredit hiqj as their
Representative.
Why, sir, the gentleman with his acknowl-
edged learning, with the experience which he
has derived from travel and from observation
among men, strange as it may appear, did not
notice the marked difference. between the
Magna Charta of England, to which he re-
ferred, and the Magna Charta of the United
States of America, as written in your Consti-
tution in words so plain "that the wayfaring
man cannot err therein." The gentleman read
from the Magna Charta of England, that " no
freeman shall_ be taken or disseized," &c.,
''but by the judgment of his peers and the
law of the land;" forgetful of the fact that the
words "no freeman" were words of limitation,,
and limited this great charter at the time it was
adopted td©ne half the population of England,
and forgetful also that these words of limit-
ation were swept away by the Constitution
of the United States, in which it is declared
that "no.person shall be deprived of life,
liberty, or property without due process of
law." By that great law of ours it is not to
be inquired whether a man is "free" by the
laws of England; it is only to be inquired is he
a man, and therefore free by the law of that
creative energy which breathed into his nos-
trils the breath of life, and he became a living
soul, endowed with the rights of life and liberty.
It is not to be inquired, sir, when any man
invokes the majesty of American law in defense
of his rights, whether a European, an African,
or an Asiatic sun looked down upon him when
it pleased God to pour the first beam of light
upon his understanding. Before that great
law the only question to be asked of the crea-
ture claiming its protection is this: Is he a
man? Every man is entitled to the protection
of American law, because its divine spirit of
equality declares that all men are created equal.
Under the Magna Charta of six hundred years
ago, of which the gentleman speaks, the in-
quiry was not whether the person was a man,
but whether he was a freeman by the laws of
England!
Thegentlemanliavingproceeded in this man-
ner to dispose of this bill, it is not surprising
that his argument, before he got through with
it, should prove, as it did, a felodese, not
worthy, I -would say with all respect to the
gentleman, either of himself or of any member
of this House. What does the gentleman say?
Why, that you are disfranchising white men.
Disfranchising them how long ? During the
temporary period which may be occupied in
reconstructing and rebuilding civil institutions
in the places which the men so disfranchised
have desolated and blasted by their infernal
treason. And allow me to inquire what num-
ber of those traitors, sir, are disfranchised ?
Not more than twenty-live thousand, all told,
out of a million and a quarter of freemen in
the ten insurgent States. By what instrument-
ality has it happened that even this temporary
disfranchisement was made? I answer, sir,
by the action of the gentleman himself and
the party cooperating with him. Tho gentle-
man and his party having insisted that this dis-
franchisement should be put into the bill, I
voted for it, and I stand by it to-day. In say-
ingthis I cast no reproach upon any gentleman
who originated this provision of disfranchise-
ment as a measure, not of vengeance, but of
caution and security.
Having said this much in answer to the gen-
tleman's argument, let me inquire when those
States shall be restored as provided by this law,
what restriction will then remain on the exercise
of the elective franchise? None whatever. The
gentleman, sir, discoursed eloquently against
denying to this mere handful of men, who have
covered themselves with treason and perjury
as with a garment, a voice in the preliminary
work of reconstructing those States. Yet,
strange to say, in the very next breath he de-
nounced as infamous this proposed legislation
on the part of the nation to give to the whole
people a voice hereafter in the control of their
own local affairs. That is what makes this legis-
lation dear to the American people; that here-
after the great body of the people, all being free
by the will of the nation, shall have a voice in
their local affairs, even those who heretofore
have conspired for the overthrow of the Gov-
ernment. They are all by this law permitted to
vote after the restoration of those States, by
the very terms of the original acts of this Con
gress and of the preceding Congress, and v,
the bill now pending, supplementary thereto
This being so, it does not become the gentle
man to mouth about democracy and the rights
of a free people, and then arrive at tho absurd
conclusion that the minority in the State of
South Carolina must hereafter and indefinitely
control and govern the overwhelming majority
of its natural-born freemen without giving
them vote or voice in the enactment of their
own laws.
