1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
54S
Sir, I remember how eleven years ago, when
I rose in my place within your own hearing,
when we were both entering upon the discharge
of our duties here as Representatives of the
people, and asked whether a government which
denied lo_ the majority of its own citizens a
voice _ in its affairs was republican within the
meaning of that term as embodied in the Con-
stitution of the country, explaining more fully
my meaning by saying, "Is it republican for
a minority in; a State to take away from an
overwhelming majority, of like age, sex, and
residence, resident in such State, any vote or
voice in the government?" and you doubt-
less remember the audible response which
came back from the Democratic ranks that day
(rom a gallant Representative from Kentucky,
who said, " By the living God! no such Stateas
that should be permitted to be anywhere on the
earth." I stand with that Kentuckian*to-day.
I think that the majority ought to rule, subject
to the equal right of the minority to the same
rights with themselves, without regard to color.
That constitutes a republican state, and that
is the whole question involved in all this legis-
lation. Gentlemen who oppose such a rule of
equity and justice can hardly lay claim to the
once proud title of Democrat. That is a
strange democracy which asserts the exclusive
right of the minority to rule.
But, say gentlemen, "you are exercising
tyranny over those States." What was just
said by the gentleman [Mr. Wood] who also
opposes this bill? That the President of the
United States appointed civil governors over
those States! The gentleman ought to have
gone further to make the record perfect, and
said that the President had not only appointed
governors over those States, but prescribed the
terms and conditions upon which the whole
people of those States should reconstruct the
shattered fabric of their State institutions. I
do not stop now to discuss the question of
the President's power thus to govern any part
of this country. I did say once in my place
here that the President had not any more au-
thority to do that than the Czarof Russia when
the rebellion was overthrown. But, sir, there
was occasion for doing something within the
limits of those States for the establishment of
law and order. If any gentleman doubts this,
I will be obliged to him if he will express the
grounds of his doubt.
I repeat it, there was necessity for some-
thing being done, and the question is by whom
should it be done ? The legal governments of
those ten States had been totally disorganized
and destroyed through the instrumentality of
this traitorous conspiracy. There is not a
man, sir, within the hearing of my voice who
has any respect for the oath under which he is
bound here as a representative of the people
but will say that from the waters of the Potomac
to the waters of the Rio Grande, within the
limits of those ten insurgent States, there was
not existing at the time when Lee surrendered
to Grant a single State organization tha,t had
the right to legislate on any subject whatever.
And why, sir? Because the Constitution of
your country on its face absolutely forbade it.
Why? Because the Constitution declares as a
condition precedent to any legislation in any
State of this Union that every legislative, exec-
utive, and judicial officer therein shall be bound
bv oath to support the Constitution of the
United States, and that every State shall have
a government republican in form and not in-
consistent with the Constitution of the United
States and the laws and treaties made in pur-
suance thereof.
There was not on the day of the surrender
in one of those States a single State officer
bound by an oatlrto support the Constitution
of the United States; on the contrary every
officer therein had taken an oath to overthrow
that Constitution. I do not stop to talk about
the rights of disorganized States, and disor-
ganized too by reason of their own treason.
The simple fact wa3 and is, and no sensible
man in America can deny it, the people of those
States by their treason had succeeded in over-
turning and annihilating their preexisting State
governments, and were simply disorganized
communities within the general jurisdiction of
the United States and subject to the laws of the
United States. Something had to be done to
restore them. In this work of restoration the
nation had first to be consulted. Before resto-
ration and preparatory thereto, security, irre-
pealable security, for the future was to betaken
by the nation—the freemen of organized con-
stitutional States who had crushed rebellion
and maintained through their organized loyal
States American nationality. American nation-
ality never existed otherwise, and while your
Constitution stands never can exist otherwise
than through organized republican constitu-
tional States of the Union,
Every Representative upon every side of this
House has thus declared, under the obligation
of his oath, that the national will is exclusively
declared by the Representatives from organ-
ized States in Congress assembled. Who is
there here to say that any but loyal organ-
ized States within this Union can rightfully
elect a Congress and legislate under the Con-
stitution for the people of every State and
Territory? There 13 no other power that can
make national laws under the Constitution,
either for the organized or the disorganized
States, for all legislative power granted -by the
Constitution is vested in Congress. This Con-
gress of the Constitution submitted to the peo-
ple of the organized States an amendment of
the Constitution as the basis of restoration and
future security. The loyal people have acted
upon the amendment so submitted, have rati-
fied it, and demanded its acceptance by the
several disorganized States as a condition of
their restoration to political power.
By this action the people have decided, in
fact and in law, that the provisions of the
pending bill and of the acts to which it is sup-
plementary, which but provide the means for
the acceptance of the constitutional amend-
ment and the reorganization of republican
governments in conformity therewith in the late
insurgent States, shall be carried into effect.
Let it be borne in mind that the people of
twenty-one of the twenty-seven States repre-
sented here have solemnly ratified the Four-
teenth Article of amendment to your Consti-
tution, which declares upon its very fore front
that all persons born in this country, irrespect-
ive of color—
"Aro citizens of the Republic, and that no Stato of
this Union shall make or enforce any law which shall
abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of
the United States; nor shall any State deprivo any
person of life, liberty, or property without due_ pro-
cess of law; nor deny to any person within its juris-
diction the equal protection of the laws; and the
Congress shall havopower by appropriate legislation
to enforce this provision."
Sir, it is the nation's expressed will that this
article of amendment shall be a condition of
restoration. Let gentlemen beware how they
attempt to stand this day in the way of the
execution of the declared will of the nation.
Human ingenuity cannot torture the bill upon
your table and now under consideration into
anything else than ail act to carry into effect
this declared will of the people. _ How, say
gentlemen? By a military despotism? No,
sir; through the instrumentality of the army
of the Republic, which under God saved the
nation's life. If that patriot army cannot be
trusted, in God's name who can be trusted?
That is the question I wantgentlemen to answer.
The jurisdiction and authority of the nation
in a disorganized state, disorganized through
its own voluntary treason, is as exclusive as is
the national jurisdiction in the District of Co-
lumbia ; and Congress therefore may pass what-
ever laws may be necessary, not inconsistent
with natural justice and right reason, for the
purpose of aiding the people of the insurgent
States peaceably and speedily to reorganize
local constitutional State governments. I ad-
mit that none but the people resident in those
States can reestablish a government, but they
must establish it under the law of the nation
and in accordance with the will of the nation.
That being done they will be restored to their
full place in this Union of States, whose peo-
ple are one, and restored, too, upon a basis,
thank God, which will make a like rebellion
in all the hereafter absolutely impossible.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I had
promised to allow the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin [Mr. Eldbidge] fifteen mmut.es of my
time, but having been so encroached upon in
several ways I shall ask him to be content
with ten.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope I may not be
limited to ten minutes. I certainly understood
that I was to have fifteen or I would not have
accepted any.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. At the
time I made the arrangement I did not know
that I should be so encroached upon.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Well; Mr. Speaker, by
grace "we live, move, and have our being. '
[Laughter.] It is by grace I_ am allowed ten
minutes of time to speak against this abomin-
able bill. I hope that I am not irreverent in
returning my thanks to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania fortius gracious gift. [Laugh-
ter.] I am disappointed and embarrassed,
certainly, by not having the fifteen minutes
agreed for. I cannot, therefore, enter into any
thing like a discussion of this measure or say
what I had intended.
I cannot now stop to argue (though the
question is involved in any proper discussion
of this or any like measure) that the States to
which this bill is intended to apply are still of
right legally and constitutionally States in this
Union. That they are is as undeniable as that
the Union itself is still in existence. If they
are not living States in the Union, saved and
preserved to it by the war, then all the blood
shed and treasure spent within the last six
years was in vain. To me the Union of the
Constitution is a living, ever-inspiring idea—a
vital fact, an undestroyed and indestructible
entity—composed of all the States that ever
formed" a part of it, and utterly incapable of
being or enduring without them. And, if living
States in the Union, they are entitled to every
privilege, every right, which the Constitution
provides for any State.
But it is proposed by this bill to declare all
the governments of ten States void, absolutely
void, and to leave ten million people without
a constitution of government, without laws,
without courts, without, in fact, any prescribed
government whatsoever ! Was there ever so
unheard of, so monstrous a proposition ? Most
crimes have names, as murder and treason,
but this is a crime too shocking to be named.
And yet the eloquent, gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] in advocating this bill declaims
of American Magna Charta, of constitutional
right, of liberty and law. Sir, this bill is at
war with every principle that underlies this
Government, and at war with every principle
of civil liberty intended to be secured by our
Constitution. It surrenders and destroys Magna
Charta, whether American or British, and loads
down the Anglo-Saxon with a load of chains
and oppressions that no Anglo-Saxon can bear
without dishonor, without disgrace. It makes
a continuous war uponja people who have been
overthrown and disarmed, and holds them in
the grasp of military power in time of peace,
without right, without justice, and in a manner
never resorted to, except for purposes of pun-
ishment to harass and distress an enemy.
Gentlemen who advocate this bill have m uch
to say about justice. What is meant by justice?
Is justice only to be applied on one side? Aro
we alone to determine what is justice between
ourselves and our neighbors ? The very fact
would be injustice to them? Prostrate and
powerless, their necks beneath the feet of their
oppressors, the chance of justice is small
indeed.
But as the original bills were intended to ac-
complish all the purposes of this, why denounce
this particular measure? Ay, sir, this declares
what the others intended, and what this Con-
gress did not dare to express or avow. Audacity
has grown with indulgence. Corrupt exercise
of power has increased the lust of power, and
