1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
545
Mr. Speaker, "President on the brain" is a
very bad disease, and wonderfully prevalent at
this time. "It attacks heads one would scarcely
suppose had brains enough to be inflamed. It
is less likely to prove fatal perhaps on that ac-
count. It is this disease Ipresuinethat makes
this bedizened military genius cut such fantas-
tic trieks m his department, play the little cor-
poral, insult his superiors, and endeavor to
show his consequence and importance by in-
subordination. And this, sir, is the officer that
this House honors by its vote of thanks.
1 hanks! what has he done to entitle himself
to thanks in the conduct of his office in his
department ? Who knows what he has done or
what he has left undone ? Has he made any
report of his proceedings? Who has seen it,
and what does it contain? Upon what did you
base this cheap and empty compliment ? What
reasons has he given for his removals from office
and his appointments to office ? What cause
existed for his high-handed and illegal opera-
tions ; his playing shuttle-cock with the judges,
mayors, and Governor of a great State? Make
him President, and the lessons you are now
teaching him will be practiced upon your-
selves. His capacity eminently fits him to be
a tyrant, and lord it oyer superior men. Make
him President", and his lofty head will swim so
that he will play harlequin with all the varia-
tions.
But, sir, by what right or authority do yon
make this military general, great or small, the
legislative, executive, and judicial power of
a great State? You talk of conquest. The
conquest you-are claiming is not alone of the
territory of-the Republic. Your subjugations
are not alone of its citizens, or of those who
have wronged the Union and incurred your
hatred and malice, but you are subjugating the
Republic, the Constitution, civil liberty, and
all that to the freeman makes life desirable or
even tolerable. Your triumphs are not alone
over fallen and conquered enemies, but you
are triumphing over the fall of your country,
over the destruction of the States that compose
the Union, over the destruction of theessential,
the underlying principles of republicanism,
over civil government. History declares the
Roman republic ruined itself by its triumphs,
the excesses of its conquests and power. Rome,
the mistress of the world, when enslaved by
tyrants and oppressed by military governments,
had reason to deplore the success of its arms,
and to look back with regret on those happy
times when its power did not reach beyond
Italy, or even when its dominion was almost
confined within its own walls. Like Rome may
we not when too late have occasion to regret
our excesses, our conquests, our military gov-
ernments, our oppressions? May we, in yield-
ing to the demands of party passion, to political
malignity, and the animosities engendered by
our recent struggle, not find that we have lost
our Constitution andthe free government itwas
intended to secure?
Mr. ROBINSON obtained leave to have
printed, as part of the debates, some remarks
upon the pending bill, which will be published
in the Appendix.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania _ [Mr. Stevens] has now remaining
twenty-eight minutes of his hour.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I trust
that in that time I shall be able to state the
position which 1 hold to be the correct one
with regard to this bill, without attempting to
answer the various remarks which have been
made by gentlemen on the other side.
1 confess, sir, that a small portion of the
blame with reference to the acts of the Presi-
dent since we adjourned, may be attributed to
Congress, in that it used improper language in
the acts heretofore passed. And this, it appears
to me, was owing to an indistinct conception
of ilie condition of the territory for which we
were legislating. If we had then all agreed,
as we have since, that the States that were
lately in rebellion were conquered territory and
as such subject to the power of this nation, and
had treated them accordingly, we should have
40tii Cono. 1st Suss.—No. 35.
had very little trouble in reconstructing gov-
ernment in the South upon the principle of the
admission of new States. But, sir, we were
not all perfectly agreed in onr understanding
of the laws of itations as applicable to this ques-
tion ; nor is it wonderful that we should thus
have differed, when even some of the judges
of the Supreme Court have differed in their
opinions upon this subject. I will state what I
suppose to have been our real position.
The nation was afflicted with a civil war which
for a time was an insurrection. Some twelve
million of the inhabitants of the country claimed
that they no longer belonged to this nation.
They Set upan independent government. They
established all the machinery of government,
both of a national government and of States
under that national government. They raised
large armies to defend their pretensions. We,
at the period when we declared against them
a blockade, admitted them to be, not an inde-
pendentnation, but an independent belligerent,
rising above the rank of insurrectionists, and
entitled to all the privileges aud subject to all
the liabilities of an independent belligerent.
The nations of Europe so treated them. We
so treated them in our dealings with prisoners
of war. In short, there could be no doubt of
the fact.
We were, then, at war as two independent
nations ; and it depended upon the will of the
conqueror whether the defeated party should
be treated merely as a vanquished nation, or
whether we should, in addition, punish them as
individuals for the violation of the sovereign
rights of the nation. We conquered. What did
we conquer? We conquered the confederate
government. We-conquered all the States form-
ing the confederate government. We conquered
a government that had been erected and main-
tained by those who declared that they owed
no allegiance to the Government of the United
States. For these conquered rebels to pretend
that they had any rights under a Constitution
which they had thus repudiated and attempted
to destroy, and that the States which had been
arrayed in hostility to the nation were still
States within this Union, as asserted to-day by
the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldridge,]
seems to me a bold absurdity. Yet that was
the doctrine of the President. That is the
doctrine which some gentlemen maintain here.
Under military law we treated them as con-
quered provinces. What is the law with regard
to provinces conquered from a foreign inde-
pendent belligerent? When you conquer ter-
ritory from a foreign nation or an independent
belligerent, the territory thus conquered is gov-
erned by military power, by the Commander-
in-Chief of the Army, being in this case the
President, until the legislative power of the
nation shall have spoken and directed what
laws shall govern. But the moment the legis-
lative power of the nation interposes the mili-
tary authority ceases to have sway, and the
Commander-in-Chief has no more to say in
regard to this matter than a corporal of militia.
He is to do just what the legislative power
orders him to do, and he can do nothing else.
A great deal is said about the President act-
ing as Commander-in-Chief of the Army. Until
he was superseded in his authority by Congress
I have no fault to find with his maintaining
military rule in the South. But he assumed to
exercise legislative powers; he assumed to
establish governments : he assumed to appoint
civil officers; he assumed that these con-
quered provinces should come back at once to
the enjoyment of all the rights of loyal States
under the Constitution, and be entitled to all
the privileges which they had possessed prior
to their rebellion. Now, sir, as I said before,
nothing of this kind came within the power of
the Commander-in-Chief. What is the duty of
the Commander-in-Chief? If Congress sends
•an army to quell the Indian war in Nebraska,
what is the Commander-in-Chief to do? Con-
gress orders that army to go there. It raises
and equips the army. What do the officers ||
do? They pass no act of legislation; they go |[
there and'order the troops when to charge a,nd n
when to retreatthey drill them; they put
them through military exercises. But they
can do no act that looks like regulating the
object of the war or the object with which the
army is sent there. Why, sir, the Constitu-
tion of the United States makes express res-
ervation of all such power to Congress. It ex-
pressly declares that Congress shall have power
''to make rules for the government and regula-
tion of the land and naval forces." The Ex-
ecutive has nothing to do with it; the judiciary
have nothing to do with it. Congress is the
only and the controlling power. Congress has
enacted the rules and articles of war. Could
the President of the United States interfere
with those ? Could he add new articles, new
rules, new regulations? Certainly not. The
military officers that were sent as commanders
in the States were simply appointed as agents
of Congress. To be sure, the original bill
provided a military supervision simply, and
we had intended to -follow it up with a law
putting reconstruction into the hands of civil-
ians. That is what I should have been dis-
posed to do now, (and I had prepared a bill
with that view,) using the military simply as a
police and appointing civilians to reconstruct.
But if Congress chooses to take officers of the
Army and assign them to this duty, they then
become the agents of Congress, and neither
the President nor any officer under him has
any right to interfere or do anything but exe-
cute what Congress commands.
Now, sir, it being reduced, I think, to a
plain proposition that Congress is the only
power that can reconstruct and reclaim these
outlying States, the President had no right to
call upon the Attorney General or any other
officer of the Government to interfere in any
manner in such reconstruction. There is but
one appeal, and that is either to the agenta
appointed by Congress or to Congress. It has
been well decided in Dorr's case that all power
on this subject is vested in Congress. But, sir,
we need not look to any such decision. It
ought to be known before this time by the
President of the United States—it is known, I
trust, by the scholars in every colored school
in this District—that the Constitution of the
United States does not apply to any Territory.
The States are parties to the Constitution; they
are the contracting powers; they are the sub-
stantive body. Territory, however, acquired
by purchase or conquest or by inheritance is
the property only of that substantive power,
of that power bound up by the Constitution,
and that power alone is governed by the Conj
stitution, but does not extend for any purpose
into any Territory or conquered province.
Why, then, talk about the Constitution regu-
lating the action of Congress in a province, in
a Territory, in a conquered State, whether con-
quered from a legitimate State or an illegiti-
mate State?
I may be asked how we would treat the con-
federate States of America? Just as Congress
chooses. They are our property; their citizens
are our subjects. Their lives, their liberties
are subject to the supreme will of this body,
always controlled by the laws of nations, the
laws of war, and the laws of humanity. There
is no other power on earth ; there is no branch
of the Government; there is no power in the
Government, except what I have mentioned,
that has any right to interfere or to say one
word on the subject. If you wish to punish
the malefactors for violated majesty, that is
another matter. Possibly you might do so
through your courts of justice. At least you
might attempt, it, but I do not suppose you
can do it. But there is one thing clear: that
territory not being yet declared by Congress
to be in a state of peace or restoration is
under the military authority of the Government,
and any tribunal constituted by the military
authority, any military tribunal, any court-
martial can try any one of those who belonged
to the belligerent forces. Jefferson Davis, or
any man of the army of the confederacy con-
quered by us, is this day liable to trial by mili-
tary tribunal and to sentence. Mr. Speaker,
