1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
551
it is to be presumed the President consulted
him, and that he would never have sent in so
important a message without his full and free
concurrence ; for the main questions raised by
it were questions of law, and not of administra-
tion. He is therefore, in feyery sense, as respon-
sible for the veto as for his more recent opin-
ion, and I shall not assume that he desires to
shirk that responsibility.
It now, however, turns out that that high-
souuding veto—full of indignant reproach to
Congress for inviting an absolute military
tyranny, beneath which all law and all personal
and political rights withered away—was all a
mistake. One hundred days of study andmed-
itation convinced the Attorney General, and of
course the President, that it was just the bill
they wanted. Their labors, aided by Plow-
den and Dwarris on Statutes, revealed to them
the cheering fact that the act, instead of deny-
ing the legality of the existing mushroom gov-
ernments, actually recognized and confirmed
them ; and that the military authority it estab-
lished, instead of being that dreadful boa con-
strictor which was to swallow up all persons,
all laws, all rights, was really and in truth the
harmless servant of the Government and laws
established by the executive and the guarantor
of their enforcement! So sudden a change of
front discloses at least the merit of versatility of
genius and plastic logic that finds no difficulty
inproving from Plowdenand Dwarris that Con-
gress meant one thing while they said the
contrary.
After providing that those States—that is,
the people of those States—shall be "made
subject to the military authority of the United
States as therein afterward prescribed," the
act proceeds to direct that it—
" Shall bo the duty of the President to assign to the
command of each of said districts an officer of the
Army, not below the rank of brigadier general, and
to detail a sufficient military force to enable sucli
officer to perform his duties and enforce his authoiity
withm tho district to which he is assigned."
This language is plain. The parties made
subject to this military authority are the peo-
ple, and all the people of those States, not
excepting any out of the whole corps of
officials, from the highest to the lowest, exec-
utive, judicial, ministerial, civil, and military.
All, without discrimination, are embraced in
the category, and made subject to the same
authority, for the purpose announced in the
preamble—the^enforeement of peace and good
order. Tho nature and extent of this author-
ity are as fully and clearly expressed asthe
language is capable. The military officer is to
command the district—that is, the people of
the district. This is a military term, and was
of course used by Congress in its technical
sense. For a military .officer to command a
community must in all reason imply his right
and power to subject them, in all their affairs,
to military or martial law, to which the civil
law must, whenever he requires it, give way.
It becomes the paramount rule, and the orders
of the commander are supreme and irresisti-
ble so long as they fall within that code. It is
the law of necessity, and the existence of the
necessity must from the nature of the case
be judged of and determined by the com-
mander. Giving to him the command of these
people must, if language has any meaning, be
held to subject them to this code for the pur-
poses mentioned; and had Congress intended
to exempt any of them from its operation we
must presume they would have employed fitting
terras indicating that exemption; but instead
of this we find them using terms of the most
general import, and subjecting all classes to
the command. And further, foreseeing what
was sure to take place, collisions between this
military authority and the authority of the
State, they expressly, and from abundant cau-
tion, declared that "all interference under
color of State authority with the exercise of
military authority under this act shall be null
and void." It would seem impossible to assert
the supremacy of the military authority in
plainer terms. But the Attorney General holds
that this supremacy covers only cases of insur-
rection, breaches of the peace, and illegal vio-
lence, and not cases of injustice, where the
rights of person or property only are con-
cerned. These cases he holds to be exclusively
cognizable by the civil courts of the State, and
beyond the possible reach of the military
authority. His language is:
" It [the military authority] is given to meet the
contingency, recited in the preamble, of a want of
adequate protection for life and property, and the ne-
cessity, also recited, that poacc and good order should
bo enforced. This construction [he adds] is made
more apparent when we look at the immediate eon-
text and see ill what mode and by what agency this -
protection is to be secured. This duty or power of
protection is to be performed by the suppression of
insurrection, disorder, and violoncc and by the pun-
ishment, either by the agency of the State courts or
by military commissioners when necessary, of :ill dis-
turbers of the public peace and criminals; and it
is declared that all interference under color of Stato
authority with the excrciso of this military authority
shall be null and void."
In his struggle to maintain the narrow theory
that the military is but a mere police force,
confined to the duty of common constables or
triers of offenses against the State laws, the
Attorney General overlooks not only the gen-
eral unrestricted power given by the term "com-
mand "in the second section, but the particular-
ized power and duty given in the third section,
"to protect all persons ill their rights of per-
son and property." The rights of person and
property are not created by State laws. They
, exist by the law of nature, and laws are made,
or should be made, to protect them. Con-
gress declared in the preamble of the act that
under the illegal governments inaugurated by
Mr. Johnson this protection did not exist, at
least that it was inadequate; and imposed upon
the commanders the specific duty of affording
it by all and any of the instrumentalities im-
plied in the expressions " military authority"
and "command," applicable to the whole peo-
ple. The Attorney General, using his profes-
sional pruning-knifc, trims off all the boughs
and brandies of this general power, leaving
nothing but a sapless stock, which he calls a
police power; a power merely to arrest and
punish rogues and criminals. It is true, the
act gives the commander this power as well as
the power to protect all persons in their rights
of person and property. But the leading error
of the Attorney General lies in the assumption
that this protection of person and property is
to be accomplished by arresting and punishing
criminals, and that the power can be used in
no other way.
The power to protect persons and property
is a power pertaining to all Governments. It
is the essential, fundamental power, without
which they are not entitled to be regarded as
Governments. And this power does undoubt-
edly and necessarily embrace the power to
punish offenders. But it is by no means con-
fined to that. It embraces not only retribu-
tive and punitive, part of what we call public
justice, but also preventive. It not only in-
flicts punishment for the wrong which has
been already done, but shields the citizcn from
threatened wrongs; and this use of it is found
to be as necessary in attaining protection as
actual punishment; so that the language of the
third section, "to suppress insurrection, dis-
order, and violence, and to punish, or cause to
be punished, all disturbers of the public peace
and criminals," is but an enumeration and des-
ignation for the purpose of calling the atten-
tion of the commanders to those subjects, of
some, but not all, of the duties embraced in tho
word "protection," those subjects being noto-
riously the ones most demanding their atten-
tion.
The Attorney General observes that the act
creates a "new jurisdiction never granted be-
fore," and that it must therefore be construed
" strictly." Even if it were a new jurisdiction,
the rule"invoked would not apply, because the
statute being a remedial statute, enacted to
prevent evils of & most serious IviticL find to ex*
tend legal protection where there was imperfect
protection before or none at all, a libeial con-
struction favoring the^ remedy prescribed and
suppression of the mischief complained oi is
the true one, as would be adjudged by any
enlightened court of justice.
But, in fact, the statute does not create a new
jurisdiction in the sense in which law writers
use that term. We had been engaged in a
fierce war with those States. We had con-
quered them. Our armies occupied their
whole territory and we held them by right of
military occupation—solely by this right. We
could hold them by no other, and to us of
course pertained, for the purpose of that occu-
pation, all the rights which successful war
confers. They were conquered country from
the moment of their surrender, and subject to
the will of their conquerors under all the re-
straints, but no others, prescribed by the law
of war. That law, as we all know—as the
Attorney General well knows—preserves and
protects the rights of person and private prop- .
erty among the conquered people and all their
institutions not inconsistent with the laws or
the policy of the conqueror. But their polit-
ical governing power becomes extinct, and
the only power of this kind is in the conqueror.
It is for the successful government to say what
shall be the local law. It has earned this right
by the sword ; and although its generals in the
field may do many things to preserve the con-
quest, keep the peace, and punish private rapine,
it belongs exclusively to that Government as
the law-making power to grant and to regu-
late the political privileges of the conquered
people. This iu its nature is legislative, not
military authority, and, under our limited sys-
tem, belongs to the Congress of the United
States, not to the Executive. The political
governments, therefore, which Mr. Johnson
assumed to establish were very properly called
in the preamble of the act "illegal," and tne
act itself was but an assertion of the law of
war as the paramount law in those States,
creating no " new jurisdiction," but enforcing
and regulating by such details as seemed requi-
site a "jurisdiction" that supervened on the
surrender in 1805, and which Mr. Johnson had
in the interest of the rebels themselves strug-
gled to destroy. Here was the beginning of
his absolutism. Here was the cause of liia
rupture with Congress. Congress intended,
during this military occupation, the result of
hard-fought battles and streams of blood, to
secure safeguards against future rebellions.
Johnson wanted none. Congress believed that
one of the best securities would be to curtail
tho number of Representatives in the rebel
States unless they themselves would allow the
emancipated black men to vote. Johnson pre-
ferred that the number should be increased,
and that the black man should not vote—that
he should remain a pariah, without political
rights or consideration, except as his presence
gave additional political power to his former
master.
The great sourcc of the erroneous conclu-
sions of the Attorney General is the notion
that those States, though conquered in a war
in which they claimed to be belligerents, and
were recognized by us as such, stiil possessed
constitutional rights as States of the Union.
Hence he speaks of offices existing there which
are to be recognized by the United States as
State offices, from which the incumbents can-
not be removed by the authorities of the United
States. But who will pretend that a govern-
ment absolutely extinguished by conquest can
leave behind it any offices or any officers vested
with any powers which the conqueror is bound
to respect superior to his will? Military occu-
pation and conquest do not leave laws in force
or offices in existence. They take the place
of both. The governments'established by Mr.
Johnson are, as to the United States, without
validity. We are not bound to respect them.
They rest upon no law but the unconstitutional
orders and proclamations of their author. They
have created, they can create 110 offices in the
constitutional sense of tho term, and the incum-
bents are not entitled to be called or treated as
officers, either of the State or of the United
Stales. They are simply private persons per-
forming certain public acts under an invalid
