552
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
and unconstitutional government, having no
part, lot, or right in the Government of the
United States. It is impossible to argue that
such persons are officers of a State, entitled,
as the Attorney General contends, to hold
their places as against the military authorities
of the United States. The government which
is the source of their authority has never been
recognized as valid by the United States, who,
on the contrary have declared them to be ille-
gal, 4. e., existing without law. The Constitu-
tion provides that— . -
" "Pull faith and credit shall be siven in each State to
the public acts, records, and judicial proceedings of
every other State; and the Congress may by general
laws prescribe the manner in which such acts, rec-
ords, and proceedings shall be proved and the effect
thereof."
I cannot conceive that any court in a loyal
State would recognize the binding^ effect of a,
judgment record or the record of any public
act emanating from one of the rebel States
made by Mr. Johnson; and surely, since the
passage of the act of March 2, condemning
their governments as illegal, such a court
would not be at liberty to givfe it any effect
whatever. They could not hold that the per-
sons certifying were officers of the State, as
they are required to be by the act of Congress
relating to the subject.
No, such persons hold no "office." They
are the mere agents of a usurped, illegal gov-
ernment, and have no constitutional, public
character. And should the military com-
mander see fit to drive them from their places
he has a right, without any statutory provision,
to do so and to put others in their stead, or to
leave their so-called offices vacant and void.
The Committee on the Judiciary, in the bill
now, before us, admit this power of removal
and provide for its exercise; but from the
clause it contains requiring the vacancy to be
filled "by the detail of some competent officer
or soldier to perform the duties" they seem
to doubt the power of Congress to authorize
a civilian, not in the Army, to be put in the
place should the commander see fit; and we
are told that such an incumbent, appointed by
the commander to perform these duties created
by State laws, becomes an " officer of the
United States," which he cannot be unless
appointed by the President as required by
the Constitution. They therefore decline to
authorize the commander to put amerecivilian
into the place, for the reason that it being an
office of the Unite4 States the appointment to
it must be by the President or the head of a
Department. But let me ask them, and also
the Attorney General, is it any the less an
ofiice of the United States when in the hands
of an officer or a soldier? Is a soldier an
officer of the United States and appointed by
the President? Not even all officers of the
Army are thus appointed.
But it is vain to speak of such places as offi-
ces, either State or Federal. They are neither.
An office cannot exist save by a valid law, and
wider a valid, lawful, and operative govern-
ment. But if during the military occupation the
commander discovers that the functions defined
by an extinct or an invalid statute are conven-
ient aud useful to preserve order and protect
persons and property he may undoubtedly au-
thorize any one, whether subject to his military
Orders or not, to perform them as his agent or
employ*); and the only difference between the
military man and the civilian is that the former
is bound to obey him aud exercise the functions,
or such of them as he orders to be exercised,
whi) e the civilian is not, but acts only by his own
consent.
I am therefore unhesitatingly of opinion that
General Sheridan acted lawfully in removing
Mr. Wells, the reconstructed Governor of
Louisiana, and in appointing a civilian in his
place, as well as in all other cases of the kind;
and 1 will not, however much I respect the
Committee on the Judiciary, consent to pass
a ceu3ure on that gallant soldier or his brother
commanders for doing acts so obviously lawful,
by voting against the amendment of the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] allow-
ing the employment of civilians in those places
in the rebel States. Besides, the oppressions
to which the Unionists there have been sub-
jected under Mr. Johnson's sway, their interest
in and knowledge of local officers, present the
strongest reasons of a moral kind for employ-
ing them in such services.
Yes, sir, the Attorney General's opinion
utterly ignores and easts out of view the legal
consequences of the triumph of our arms, and
undertakes to construe a statute passed in full
recognition of those consequences as if there
had been no rebellion, no fighting, no victories
on our side, no surrender on that of the rebels.
The bloody history of the past and our own
legislation correct him; the almost countless
gravestones of our slaughtered countrymen
correct him; the weeds of widowed mothers,
the tears of orphaned children, the crutch of
the crippled soldier rattling on almost every
northern as well as southern floor, the heavy
weight of taxation upon every branch of human
industry, correct him and rebuke his blindness.
Sir, I regard, and have all along regarded,
the reconstruction legislation of Congress as
entirely sufficient to reach the ends which we
had in view, and with an Executive at the
head of the Government disposed to cooperate
with Congress, and to reestablish peace and
tranquillity at the South, and to re-introduce
the rebel States into Congress upon the prin-
ciples of justice, there can be no doubt that
this session'would have been entirely unneces-
sary, and this plan of supplemental and
amendatory legislation now before us entirely
supererogatory; and if I vote for this bill, or
any other bill of this character giving a con-
struction or an explanation to our former
legislation upon reconstruction, I shall do it
under the protest and the explanation which I
have now made.
■ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilsojc.]
Mr. WILSON. Have the yeas and nays
been ordered on that?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. They have
been ordered.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask that the amend-
ment be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was in section two, line eighteen, after the
word "Army" to insert" or by the appointment
of some other person;" so that the section will
read:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the com-
mander of any district named in said net shall have
power, subject to the approval of the General of the
Army of the United States, whenever in the opinion
of such commander the proper administration of said
act shall lcquiroit, to suspend or removefrom office,
or from the perfoimanee of official duties and the
exercise of official powers, any officer or person hold-
ing or exercising, or professing to hold or exercise,
any civil or military office or duty in such distiict
under any power, election, appointment, or authoiity
derived Irom, or granted by, or claimed under, any
so-called State or the government thereof, or any
municipal or other division thereof; and upon such
suspension or removal such commander, subject to
the approval of the General aforesaid, shall have
power to provide from time to time for the perform-
ance of the said duties of such officer or person so
suspended or removed, by the detail of some com-
petent officer or soldierof the Army or by the appoint-
ment of some other person to perform the same.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 15 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cattell, Chandler, Cragin, Fowler,
Ilarlan, Henderson, Howard, Howe, Morrill of
Maine, Norton, Nye, Pomeroy, ltainsey, Boss, Sum-
ner, Thayer, Tipton, Wade, Wilson, and Yates—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Iiuckalew.Conkling, Davis, Dixon,
Edmunds, Fessenden, Frelinghuysen, Grimes, Hen-
dricks, Johnson, Morgan, Patterson of Tennessee,
Trumbull, Van Winkle, and Willey—15.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Cameron,
Cole, Conness, Corbett, Doolittle, Drake, Perry,
Guthrie, Mouill of Vermont, Morton, Patterson
of New Hampshire, Saulsbury, Sherman, Sprague,
Stewart, and Williams—18.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DRAKE. I have an amendment which
I wish to offer. It is to amend section six,
line seven, by inserting after the word " has"
the words " while holding any such office or
so that the section will read:
# Sec. 6. And be, it further enacted, That the true
intent and meaning of the oath prescribed in said
supplementary act is (among other things) that no
person who has been a member of the Legislature of
any State, or who has hold any executive or judicial
office in any State, whether he hastaken an oath to
support the Constitution of the United States or not,
and who has while holding any such office or after-
ward engaged in insurrection or rebellion against
the United States, or given aid or comfort to the
enemies thereof, is en titled to be registered or tovote;
and the words "executive or judicial oiSecrin liny
State," in said oath mentioned, shall be construed to
include all civil offices created by law for the admin-
istration of the general laws of a State.
The object of this amendment is to get rid
of a construction that may be put upon the
section as it stands now, and which I think it
inexpedient should be permitted to be put upon
it if we can avoid it. As the section reads now,
it is open to the construction that it includes
only the individual who shall have engaged in
rebellion after having held office. I do not
see any reason why those who engaged in re-
bellion while holding an office should not also
be included. I hope this amendment will
commend itself to the judgment of the honor-
able chairman of the Committee on the Judi-
eiary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not think that the
words proposed by the Senator from Missouri
have the least significance. I think that is the
construction of the section as it is. The sec-
tion now declares that the true intent and
meaning of the oath prescribed in the act to
which this is amendatory is, among other
things, that no person who has held any exec-
utive or judicial office in any State, whether
he has taken an oath to support the Constitu-
tion of the United States or not, and who has
afterward engaged in insurrection or rebellion,
is entitled to be registered. He need not have
held the office the full term and afterward en-
gaged in the rebellion; if lie has held the office
but for a day and afterward engaged in rebel-
lion he is disfranchised by the terms of the
section as it stands. It is not necessai-y that
his term of office should have expired. I do
not think that there is any necessity for the
insertion of these words. 1 do not think they
alter in the least the legal construction of the
sentence. It is just multiplying words. It
seems to me there can be but one understand-
ing of that sentence. No person who having
held an office afterward engages in rebellion
can vote. Now, is it necessary that he should
have held the office the full term according to
that language, and that he should have been
out of office before he engages in rebellion ?
Has not a man held an office' when he has
qualified and taken possession of it, if it be but
for a day or an hour?
Mr. DRAKE. I will state for the informa-
tion of the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary that my attention was
called to this matter by a very intelligent gen-
tleman from a neighboring State, who stated
that the construction which I am now endeav-
oring to obviate is the very construction which
has been put upon that oath in that State, it
being there construed to confine its operations
and meaning to those who had previously held
office, and being out of office at the time the
rebellion was inaugurated, engaged in the
rebellion. Now, sir, I wish to shut down upon
that conclusion. I wish particularly to reach
those men who, while holding office, went into
the rebellion; and when I state to the honor-
able gentleman that this construction that I
am now endeavoring to obviate has been put
upon this oath in a neighboring State, one of
the rebel States, I trust that for the mere sake
of obviating the introduction into the-bill of
half a dozen words, he will not feel it neces-
sary to object to making that perfectly clear
which, however clear to us in this Hall, it seems
is not equally clear elsewhere, and has been
used for a purpose very foreign from that which
the gentlemen and myself had.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I submit to the Senator
from Missouri whether these words may not
lead to confusion, and extend the act beyond
wiiat was originally contemplated. Does the
Senator from Missouri mean by these words to
embrace a person holding office under the rebel
government? The terms would apply to such
