554
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
separated, and they are, therefore, as anxious
as we are to use all the ability that they have
in order to preserve it as our fathers intended
it should exist- Why should they be excluded
more than you have excluded them now? You
exclude those who have actually entered into
the rebellion, who have given aid and comfort
to the rebellion, in the sense in which those
words have always been construed; but why
should you exclude men in Charleston or men
in either of the States who have agreed to
accept office in order to preserve the commu-
nity of which they were members from sheer
anarchy, in order to protect themselves, as
well as those who, like themselves, may per-
haps have been hostile to the rebellion itself.
I hope, therefore, that if any change is made
in the law, it will not be one which is to en-
large the class to be prohibited from exercising
the right of franchise.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore put the
question on the amendment, and declared that
the ayes appeared to have it.
Mr. JOHNSON called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. WILSON. I think we.ought to have
a fair understanding of the meaning of this
amendment. If it only means this: that all
persons who were in office when these States
went out are excluded, then it is in accord-
ance with my understanding of the meaning
of the leconstruction acts.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is my understand-
ing, too.
Mr. WILSON. I am willing to stand upon
that understanding. But if it means to com-
prehend persons who held offices under these
Slates during the rebellion, it is-enlarging the
list of exclusions; and for myself 1 do not
think it necessary to enlarge the list. I do
not wish to depart from the ground we took
originally. [ think we have excluded enough,
persons ; and I am clearly of the opinion that
the friends of the Union, the friends of lib-
erty, our political friends lose as much, or
nearly as much, in these ten States by the exclu-
sions already made as anybody else will lose.
Home of the warmest and most earnest friends
we have in all of these States, the men who
are taking leading parts in organizing the
friends of those reconstruction bills, are men
who arc themselves excluded and cannot hold
office or vote. They are men who have been
compromised by the rebellion, but who have
changed their opinions and are now earnest
and devoted to the country and to the policy
of thy Government, and I think they can be
trusted. However, I do not propose to change
this policy of exclusion now. I do not think
we can make this change until these States
come into Congress.
1 do not think it wise now to add to the list
of persons excluded. I cannot vote for any
amendment ot the kind. I make a suggestion
to the chairman of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary on another point: by the oath taken those
who have been disfranchised cannot vote. The
Alexandria constitution disfranchised nearly
the whole voting white population of Virginia;
and some persons have undertaken to construe
the oath so as to exclude all those persons. I
do not believe Congress intended to exclude
them—I am sure of it. The authorities there
have registered these men. I think it would he
well, either by an act or by a general under-
standing, to have it understood that these per-
sons are not excluded. It would have been a
farce to exclude the great mass of the voting
white population of that State. What we want
to do is, to bring these States into these Cham-
bers in the best possible manner, with the rights
and privileges of everybody secure. I have no
anxiety about the result. I believe these States
will all conform to the requirements; and I
believe at least seven of these States are sure
to send men here who will vote right and speak
right on all questions concerning the union
ot the country, the maintenance of the authority
ot the (lovernment, and of the equal rights of
all men of all races and conditions. These
rebol Slates are to be radical progressive States,
devoted to unity, liberty, justice, education,
development. I venture to put upon the records
of the Senate the prediction that two thirds of
the Senators and Representatives of'those
States will be as radical Republicans as are
the Republican Senators and Representatives
of New England. I welcome these to be re-
generated States to their practical relations
and to representation.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not wish to protract the
debate on this subject. I have simply to state
the question just exactly in its naked propor-
tions, and I think it will be found that the
amendment is one which should commend
itself to the judgment of the Senate. I have
said, and my statement has been corroborated
from a quarter that I did not know it could .be
corroborated from, by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, that the officers of registration in
the State of Virginia, or some parts of the
State of Virginia, have, through some refine-
ment of construction, settled down upon the
conclusion that no man who was in ofiice at
the time of the rebellion is disfranchised by
the oath that is required to be taken ; but they
confine the disfranchisement to those who had
been in office before, and then, after having
been in office, engaged in the rebellion. Now,
sir, it is perfectly agreed on all hands, as I
understand it, that those men who were in
office at the time of the rebellion and after-
ward engaged in the rebellion should be dis-
franchised ; and yet, simply because there is a
possibility that, in the refinement of their con-
structions down there, they may extend the
operation of this to men that took office under
the rebellion, this amendment is to be voted
down, the necessity and value of which every
Senator here who concurred in the original
measures of reconstruction is willing to admit-
Now, sir, there is just the simple point. The
evil that has been represented, and which this
amendment is intended to remedy, is to be
allowed to go on, simply because some other
construction may, by possibility, be put upon
the language, which will keep more men off
the registration, and deprive them of the right
to vote, who, some of the Senators think,
ought not to be deprived of that right.
Mr. HOWARD. I am disposed to favor the
amendment offered by the Senator from Mis-
souri, because I think it carries out in very
plain terms what was the original intention of
the oath which we prescribed in the supple-
mental act. It was certainly my understand-
ing of that oath that it did disfranchise a man
who, although holding office, entered into the
rebellion during his tenure of office; but I
understand a more strict "and artificial con-
struction has been given to this oath by some
persons, and that a person who continued
holding an office, anfl while in office actually
entered into the rebellion, is not held to come
within the category of the proscribed or of the
disqualified. The amendment of the honorable
Senator from Missouri certainly removes any
doubt which possibly could be raised upon the
statute, and I am therefore in favor of it. It
certainly was my understanding that a person
thus situated was to be held disqualified, be-
cause the reason is just as strong in his case
as in the case of a man who had ceascd to be
an officer and after that cessation went into the
rebellion.
Mr. DRAKE. Stronger.
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, stronger if anything,
because the duty of allegiance was still stronger
upon an actual officer in the discharge of his
functions than upon a man who had ceased to
be an officer; and after all, this part of the
oath is founded upon this idea, that it was
especially incumbent upon officers of a State
who had been in the exercise of their func-
tions,^ or were continuing in that exercise, to
be faithful to the Government of the United
States and to commit no act of hostility to it.
It was especially flagrant on the part of such
officers to break their oath and break their
faith to the Government, they occupying the
attitude of conservators of the peace, and their
examples being especially those to which the
lower classes looked up and by which they
were influenced. This oath was originally
brought forward for the purpose of punishing
bad faith in high circles ; and as this amend-
ment of the Senator from Missouri carries out
that idea clearly, so as to admit of no legerde-
main construction, no refinement, and no pos-
sibility of evasion, I am in favor of incorporat-
ing it now in the oath.
Mr. JOHNSON. I-concur with my friend
from Michigan and the honorable member
from Missouri that the construction which the
oath is said to have received in Virginia is
erroneous. I have no doubt the purpose was
to exclude from the privilege of the franchise
all persons who were in office at the time of
the rebellion. The amendment therefore, if
it went no further than to correct that miscon-
struction, would receive my support. I object to
it only upon the ground that it will give rise
to other doubts at least, or will necessarily in-
volve a construction which will exclude many
persons who are not excluded by the acts which
this is to explain. I suppose that the object
can be accomplished just as well without risk-
ing at all the danger of increasing the number
to be excluded ; and I will suggest, therefore,
to my friend from Missouri, that instead of
amending the section as he proposes to do, lie
amend it by saying " whether the party was
holding office at the time of the rebellion or
before." Then there could be no doubt that
the mischief of the erroneous construction
would be corrected, and that there could be
no construction put upon the words that would
lead to another mischief of another kind. I
propose, therefore, if I am in order, if the hon-
orable member will not adopt the suggestion,
to amend by adding to the clause the words
which 1 send to the desk, and which 1 ask the
Clerk to read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Maryland offers an amendment to the
amendment in the nature of a substitute. It
will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment to the
amendment, which was in section six after the
word "not" in lino seven to insert ''and
whether he was holding such office at the time
of the rebellion or had held it before;" so that
the section will read :
That the true intent and moaning of the onth
prescribed in said supplementary actis (unionother
things) that no person who lias been amember of the
Legiblatuie of any State, or who has held any execu-
tive or judicial ofiice in any State, whether ■■ o hr.s
taken an oath to support the Constitution of the
United States or not, and whether he was holding
such off,CO at the time of the rebellion, or had held
it before, and who has afterward engaged in in-
surrection or rebellion against the United States,
or given aid or comfort to the enemies thereof, is
entitled to be registered or to vote, &c.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on agreeing to the amendment as
amended.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it makes a very
awkward section of it, and does not alter its
legal effect at all, as now proposed by the Sen-
ator from Maryland. I do not, therefore, have
any serious objection to it, and yet I think it is
wholly unnecessary. We, all of us, certainly
did intend to disfranchise those persons who
held office in a State and afterwards went into
the rebellion; and how it is possible that they
did not hold office if they were in office at the
time the State went into rebellion I cannot
conceive. It seems to me when you undertake
to incorporate words of this kind you will get
into greater difficulties instead of less.
Now, I beg leave to remind my worthy friend
from Michigan [Mr. Howard] that very proba-
bly this session of Congress has grown out of
an amendment which he insisted upon to the
supplemental reconstruction act, and which now
all hands agree we should disregard ; and lhat
is, in putting that long oath into the supple-
mental reconstruction act, an oath repeating
over twice several of the clauses; and that
being put in, the Attorney General comes along
and says that is the only qualification that can
