556
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
legal profession would be judicial officers in a
certain sense; and I think they ought to be
saved from the operation of our stringent laws
much more than gentlemen who participated
in conventions and who voted their States out
of the Union, and in fact instigated all the
subsequent proceedings connected with the
war. There is one difficulty in assenting to
an amendment of this kind. Under a legal
rule of construction, it may be held, and prop-
erly held, that all subordinate and insignificant
officers in the wlxole southern country that are
not enumerated in the exceptions made by the
Senator fall tinder the condemnation of tte
law; whereas, perhaps, without such an amend-
ment, the law would be construed not to in-
clude them. For this reason, it is a very dan-
gerous thing to attempt the enumeration of
particular individuals in an enactment of this
description. You must have complete inform-
ation of the whole subject, and have it en-
tirely before you ; you must have a complete
knowledge of the details and know what all
the officers were which may be affected by
your legislation; and tlren you must see to it
that your enumeration is complete, that it does
not omit any particulars which ought to be
included. I have made an inquiry of the
Senator which perhaps he did distinctly hear,
but which I should like to have answered
before I vote upon this amendment. I have
alsojstated the reason why I shall hesitate in
voting for the amendment at all unless certain
that it includes all the particulars which ought
to be included in such an exception.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Let the amendment be
reported again.
The Chief Clerk again read it.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask leave of the Senate
to amend my amendment, by inserting after
the words " so-called" the words at a pop-
ular election."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That mod-
ification will be made.
Mr. J OIINSON. How will it read then ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
read as modified.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Provided, That the more act of voting for an ordi-
nance of recession, so-called, at a popular election,
shall not of itself be deemed under this act engag-
ing in insurrection or rebellion against the United
States, &c.
Mr. POMEROY. I wish to inquire of the
Senator from Michigan whether he believes
this amendment of his to be a part of the law
of the last session ; whether it is not enlarging
or repealing a portion of the law to which this
bill is an amendment?
Mr. HOWARD. In answer to the question
propounded by the honorable Senator, I beg
to say that I do not think it is changing the
legal force of the oath which we have enacted ;
and if the Senator will allow me I will tell him
why. The oath reads in this way :
" That I have never taken an oath as a member of
Congress of the United States, or as an officer of the
United State's, or as a member of any State Legis-
lative, or as an executive or judicial officer of any
State, to support the Constitution of the United
states, and afterward engaged in insurrection or
rebellion against the United States, or given aid or
eomtbrfc to tho enemies thereof."
Now, I must confess that as a lawyer I can-
not hold that a person who went to the polls
and simply voted in favor of an ordinance of
secession, and who has done no other act at
all to promote the rebellion, who has not
engaged actively in the rebellion, I do not
believe that such a person can be said to be
guilty of having rendered aid or comfort to
the enemies of the United States in the lan-
guage of the oath. This is constitutional lan-
guage. The Constitution declares that treason
against the United States shall consist in levy-
ing war against them or in adhering to their
enemies, giving them (the enemies) aid and
comfort. It is a transcript copied from a very
ancient English statute defining treason; and
I believe the courts in England, as well as in
this country, have always held that in order to
charge a party with treason, consisting in levy-
ing war or in rendering aid and comfort to the
enemy, something more is necessary than the
mere expression of an opinion; that it is
necessary, in order to fix the crime upon the
accused, and hold him responsible for trea-
son, that it should appear in proof that he has
done some act, not merely expressed an opin-
ion, tending naturally and reasonably to pro-
mote the cause of the rebellion, such as fur-
nishing arms to the rebels, clothing to the
rebels,0food to the rebels, or doing any other
act which in itself, as commonly understood,
was intended by the offender to promote the
treason. Now, it is very true that the passage
of an ordinance of secession declaring the con-
nection of the State with the United States to
be dissolved forever is an act in its nature hos-
tile to the Government of the United States
and utterly incompatible with the duty of the
State to the United States. But the giving of
that simple vote I do not understand to be an
act of treason.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why, then, do yon con-
fine it to popular elections?
Mr. HOWARD. It is safer, I think, to
confine it to popular elections than to allow it
to be applied to secession-conventions.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is a mere act of voting,
in either case.
Mr. HOWARD. There is more responsi-
bility, there is more guilt attached to the mem-
ber of a convention in concocting the scheme,
than to the common citizen who simply goes
to the polls, and deposits bis vote, and goes
homo.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think he might stay
-away.
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to ask my friend,
suppose two or more persons join in a con-
spiracy treasonable in its character, which after-
ward is followed by some act, would not the
joining in that conspiracy be an act of treason ?
Mr. HOWARD. The guilt of the conspiracy
would be determined by the object which the
party charged with the conspiracy had in view.
If all he intended was to express an opinion
that the State had better sever itself from the
Government of the United States, and if he
did not intend in his heart or show by his con-
duct that he gave this vote as a mere stepping-
stone to the commission of acts of war, then I
hold that ho is not guilty of treason.
Mr. SUMNER. I will ask my friend just
there, whether a vote is not something more
than an expression of opinion; whether it is
not an act; in other words, whether it is not an
act by which the person who performs it mixes
himself with the conspiracy, becomes a con-
federate? .
Mr. HOWARD. Not necessarily. It was
perhaps generally true among the secessionists ;
but such a vote does not necessarily connect
itself with the guilt of the conspirators, whose
object may have been, and was doubtless, to
wage war upon the United States.
Mr. SUMNER. Why may it not be likened
to an instance of enlistment against the coun-
try, even without being followed by an act
of war. ■ 
Mr. HOWARD. The difference is this:
that where an enlistment takes place, the party
enlisting subjects himself to the military rule
of the party or the government for whom he
he enlists, and he is not at liberty after the
enlistment to withdraw his services. He is
compelled by superior force to proceed in the
performance of the military service for which
he has enlisted. It is different in regard to a
person who has simply voted at the polls for
an ordinance of secession. He is not bound
at all. There is upon him no legal obligation ;
there is no power upon him compelling him to
engage actually in the rebellion, or to give it
aid and comfort, but he may at any time with-
draw from the country, or he may stay quietly
at home, taking no part whatever, and I think
be a man innocent of treason.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator did not com-
prehend the point I intended to make against
his amendment. When the Senator introduced
his amendment ho remarked that the present
law was construed to prohibit the' registration
of the class he has named in his amendment.
I ask, then, how that amendment can obtain
in this bill under the rule of the Senate, which
the Senator voted for and was anxious to have
passed, in which we prescribed and limited our
action in this bill to removing obstructions and
not repealing any measure contained in .the
old law? My point is, that his amendment is
against the resolution of the Senate, that is
our rule on this occasion.
Mr. HOWARD. I understand the honor-
able Senator. Then, I will say in a few words—
and perhaps this will better answer his question
than any argument—I offer this portion of the
amendment as explanatory and declaratory of
the intention of the oath, and for the purpose
of removing an obstruction which 1 understand
exists in the State of Virginia and some other
places to the registration of voters who are not
by that oath excluded from registration.
Mr. SUMNER. I must say that I oppose
with great hesitation and reluctance any prop-
osition which comes from my excellent friend;
I am led to distrust my own judgment, such is
my habitual deference to him; but I must say
—he will pardon me—that this proposition
does sound strange coming from him; and
then his distinction with regard to the legal
character of the vote for secession seems to
me very strange, coming from a lawyer so
acute and. so true always. I cannot doubt that
every one who voted for an act of secession, in
so voting committed an act of treason against
the Government of the country. It was the
beginning of the rebellion. It was the rebel-
lion. Every man who gave such a vote was a
rebel from that time forward. I cannot see it
otherwise.
But the proposition of my friend goes fur-
ther, and he gives us a long list of persons
who are to be admitted to registration. He
provides a perfect Noah's ark for the rebels.
They may all come in in pairs. My friend be-
fore me [Mr. Howe] says, male and female.
[Laughter.] I do not know whether that is
the idea of the Senator from Michigan or not.
We distrust him now in that point, however.
[Laughter.] Since the argument of my friend
from Illinois we must look with a little jeal-
ousy to these propositions of the Senator from
Michigan. They may carry us further than
we are aware.
I am sure, however, sir, that this does carry
us too far. It is very plain in its import. It
seems to me it requires no elucidation. There
it is. We can all read it or listen to it; and I
am persuaded that we cannot embody it in onr
bill without opening a door to the rebels, by the
side of which a church door would be nothing.
It would be a door as broad as the horizon.
Mr. TIPTON. I have simply to say that I
have always looked upon voting, or attempting
to carry a State out of the Union by voting, as
the crime of crimes. Armed resistance was
something; but the terrible audacity of under-
taking to carry out, by the ballot-box, a State,
I think was the consummation of ail crimes,
and certainly, therefore, I cannot vote for the
amendment of the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. NYE. I had intended to be satisfied
during this session with casting my vote on
propositions submitted here by wiser and abler
men than myself; and especially did I not
think that in thS course of legislation on this
subject I should be called upon to differ with
the distinguished Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Howard,] who has been to me during the long
night,of trouble that we have passed a fixed
star by which I have guided my course. But,
sir, it appears that this warm weather has put
the Senator from Michigan in a very "melting
mood," and he sees now no particular crime
in those men who voted to tear down this
temple of freedom. Why, sir, the persons
that he here exempts from any effect of that
crime were the witnesses attendant upon the
birth of this monster treason. Ay, sir, they
were more: the rebellion was born by that pro-
cess. And yet now, in the kindness of his
heart, the Senator from Michigan says he can-
not see any particular offense in that.
