1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
557
I have noticed that the whole tendency of
this sessi.on haa beep to open wide the gates
and let in more of what the distinguished Sen-
ator from Maryland [Mr. Johnson] says are
Union men now. From the commencement
of this legislation I have apprehended that, the
danger lay in opening these gates too wide,
and placing in the hands of these men the civil
power that we wrested from them by, the mili-
tary power of the friends of this Government.
The tendency of this legislation seems to de-
rive its inspiration from the idea that men can-
not live freely without voting, as though these
States could never be reconstructed except it
be upon the policy that all men must vote.
Sir, I think prudence dictates that we should
not open these gates too wide at first, that we
should admit as few of the men whose hands
are stained with rebellion to set in operation
this experiment, even under our law of recon-
struction, as is possible in view of the exigen-
cies of the time. This is net final legislation.
It is not said that these men shall never here-
after vote. If in the next Congress, when this
experiment has been fairly made, we shall see
that these men are penitent and desire to up-
hold the Government that they have so earn-
estly striven to overthrow, the gates can then
be opened wider; and if a class is now ex-
eluded that ought not to be excluded the error
had better lie in that direction than in opening
the gates too wide.
Mr. President, we are hardly at liberty to
close our eyes to the passing history of the
hoar; and I mean by that any history that is
passing before us every day, any panoramic
operation from the lights and shades of which
we gather and drink in the true spirit that con-
trols that portion of our country. Neither
should this body be unmindful that the person
who is to execute these laws that we pass will
execute them (in all charity to say the least)
most reluctantly.
Mr. TRUMBCJLL. Executed by our offi-
cers.
Mr. NYE. "Executed by our officers,"
says the Senator from Illinois; but there is a
greater than our officers who has executed
them heretofore. I say the executive head of
this Government is unfriendly to this whole
system of legislation; and as an evidence of
that, we see him and the Attorney General of
the United States, with an acumen which I
cannot comprehend or an obtuseness which
unlils him for Ins place, seeking throu'gh long
columns to find reasons why the lav/ should
not be executed, instead of turning their atten-
tion for one moment to find reasons why it
should; and we now stand in the eyes of the
enlightened world, precisely in this attitude,
that the Attorney General of the United States
is one majority over all Congress.
No man who knows them can doubt the
combined or individual wisdom of the mem-
bers of the Committee on the Judiciary of this
body. That committee embodies the expe-
rience of years and the energy of youthful
manhood; all its members are ripe in their
profession, all earnest and zealous in their
efforts to heal up these wounds. In their wake
1 thought I was in perfect safety, and so I voted
for what they reported at the last session, fol-
lowing the experienced Senator from Mary-
land, [Mr. Johnson,] the astute leader from
Illinois, [Mr. Tbujiuull,] and the equal of
eitherfromNew Jersey, [Mr. Frelinghuysex,]
and all of the committee who have made their
pathway luminous with learning. And yet, sir,
months after that action wc are called here
under the rays of a tropical sun because the
Attorney General has with one fell swoop set
at dcfiance the whole legislation upon this sub-
ject; and in return for his superior wisdom
my distinguished friend from Michigan pro-
poses to grant now terms, to be more generous.
Sir, the world understands that the Attorney
General who wrote this last constructive lesson
that the world has received, if he was not the
author, was present at the birth and helped to
dress up in all its deformity the veto message
of our bill. It then had more horns and tusks
and dangers than he could enumerate; the
nerves of this nation were appealed to and
shaken with fear in apprehension of the won-
derful usurpations of congressional power.
Then we beheld nothing but tyrants^ and the
newspapers of the day of the party opposed
to the majority in this body have called the five
generals commanding in the southern districts
the five tyrants of the age. ,
That was the music of that hour; it was the
music of alarm; it was the cry of danger. The
world was not frightened from its propriety by
that declaration of the President of the United
States. The process of reconstruction was
going gloriously along, if we are to believe the
history of the hour and the personal experi-
ence of the distinguished Senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Wilson ;] the registers reported
day after day that the number of colored voters
outnumbered the white. Alarm began to be
felt in another region, another section; the
knees quaked with fear. Now, what next?
This concentration of all wisdom, the Attorney
"General of the United States, must swallow the
horns and dragon's teeth of the veto message
and dcclare that these tyrants, who had been
published as such the world over, were the
merest nothings, policemen without any power
except to prevent disturbance and put down
any that might occur; that there their author-
ity stopped, and that they were subordinate to
a power that was born of the same material as
that which the distinguished Senator from
Michigan to-day proposes to let register and
vote. That is the plain English of it. I think
my friend must have forgotten the past when
he drew this wonderful amendment. That set
of men are holding power now, and the Attor-
ney General has said that they hold it right-
fully. I had supposed that by our legislation
they were shorn of this power; this nation sup-
posed they were shorn of their power. Ay,
sir, the wisdom of the Judiciary Committee of
this body and the wisdom of the other House
supposed they were shorn of their power; but
it seems that we have not succeeded.
What was the act of those persons who voted
for the ordinance of secession and who are the
very men that control these governments to-
day? 1 do not propose at this late hour of the
day to detain this body by discussing the tech-
nical question of treason under the Constitu-
tion with so astute a lawyer as my friend from
Michigan. But, sir, I object to his whole
course of reasoning. He has adopted the same
course in that respect as the Attorney General
has in his opinion overthrowing our legislation,
trying to find through some technical loophole
a place for a rebel to get in. I stand here, as
I have ever stood, to guard against such dan-
gers, and against them I protest. When he
tells me that it does not constitute treason
for the citizens of a State to vote to overthrow
the government under which they are living
and to establish a new one, carrying with it of
course the power to sustain by arms that gov-
ernment which they create, it is a logic that
I do not comprehend. There were sown the
seeds from which this harvest of dragon's teeth
has been reaped; they planted that from which
treason grew, and to the sorrow of this country
they reaped a most plentiful crop, intending
to dig the grave of the liberties of this country,
tliey were acting sextonly at that solemn cere-
mony. My friend sees in that no reason why
they should not be allowed to register and to
vote. Sir, the man who pulled the trigger of
the musket is an infant in crime compared to
those who controlled him and made him do it.
There never would have been a musket fired
if these inborn rebels had not voted to make
men fire them.
Now, sir, I insist upon it that we have trifled
with this question long enough. Instead of
opening the doors wide and bringing more
enemies to conquer by legislation, I would
make them less. You will bear me witness, Mr.
President, that more than eighteen months
ago, in my place I declared, and I reiterate it
now, that there never will be substantial peace
in this country till every rebel is dead or dis-
franchised. You cannot expect the fruits of
liberty from a tree whose roots are buried in
treason. I am sick of trifling and truckling to
these men.
The distinguished Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Wilson] says his experience is that
they want to come in ; and yet the published
history of the day contradicts him. Arethey
anxious to come back? Then why drag this
thing called an opinion from the Attorney Gen-
eral to show reasons why they should not?
Are they anxious to come back ? I say their
public acts deny it everywhere. From what
source does whatwe hear come from ? It comes
from those men who kept their fingers upon
every pulsation of the confederacy from the
day it was born in Montgomery till it termi-
nated in bloody war. If the Senator from Mich-
igan has any process in his mind by which he
caii bleach out that treason and make their
garments white with liberty I should like to
see it. It is not to be expected, in view of the
past history of the world. If by the fortune
of war the rebel government had overthrown
the N ortli and taken possession of this Govern-
ment, I -should be lying in wait constantly,
night and day, for an opportunity to regain the
lost liberties of my country. Would not my
friend from Michigan ?
Mr. HOWARD. , Certainly.
Mr. NYE. As it is with me so it is with"
them. They only await an opportunity in some
way or other to revive the rebellion in which
they were defeated. I have submitted all the
time to follow in the wake of the Judiciary
Committee, trusting and knowing that their
judgments were safe. I have followed them
faithfully; and yet there is a point when, if they
are goiug to ride and I do not like to ride, I
propose to go afoot. If the Representatives of
the other States on the Pacific slope were here
I should be silent; but from what I know of
the spirit of the constituency that I represent
and that these absent ones represent, I am
aware that the only fear they have is of open-
ing the gates too wide.
Sir, one suggestion more, and I have done.
The Senate will not forget, the nation will
never forget, the terrible anxiety with which we
awaited the result of the voting in the outgoing
States upon the question of secession. We felt
then that everything depended on the votes
which these rebels would cast. Sir, you remem-
ber when Virginia went from her orbit, and
shot away like some wild star, how the heart
of the loyal citizen was tortured. I remem-
ber, as State after State went out, the anxieties
of this people increased. Why? For the rea-
son that the rebels were voting. The nerves
of* this nation never shook before the combined
thunderings of rebel cannon as they shook
before the result of that voting. The vote,
the ballot is more potent than the bullet by
far; and the Army faced the rebel bullets with
twice the courage that the nation faced these
rebel ballots. I regard them as laying the
corner-stone of this rebellion. I regard them
as high ill crime, compared with the soldiers
who fired the muskets. Let it not be said after
all this experience that we are now to open
the gates wider and let in a new recruit from
this dangerous element of our betrayers. I
deny in toto the logic that you can gain these
people by magnanimous acts. We tendered
them the constitutional amendment and they
would not take it. We have wooed them with
all the tenderness of a fond mother, and yet
they would not; and nothing would have the#
least effect upon them but the bayonet and the
military power. Before it they trembled. Be-
fore the bayonets of this Government were
sheathed, in the opinion of the Attorney Gen-
eral, they were silent before the power and
majesty of the law of Congress; but when the
point was sheathed, when it was no longer able
to pierce through this judicial barricade thus
thrown up, their arrogance and their insolence
was never equaled in the haughtiest days of
the rebellion.
Sir, instead of letting down the stringency
of the law, I think we should make it more
