1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
561
pro visions of the act for the disposal of the
public lands far homestead actual settlement;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands, and
ordered to bo printed.,
BRITISH OUTRAGES UPON AMEBJQAN CITIZENS.
Mr. ROBINSON, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution: m
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee oil Foreign Affairs
be-requested to report immediately whether any
Amencan citizen has been arrested, tried, or con-
victed and sentenced in Great Britain or Ireland
for words spoken or acts done in the United States.
Mr. ROBINSON.- I a$k for the-reading of
a brief statement of facts.
The Clerk, read-as follows:
* . The case of Stephen J. Meany.
"Mr. Meany was arrested in London on the 1st of
December las ton an Irish warrant granted on inform-
ation and. belief that the informant heard and
believed that Mr. Me any had conspired with others
m New York to compass the death of the Queen,
subverther Government, &c. Ho was carried off to
Ireland without having been brought before an
English magistrate, as provided by the habeas corpus
act. Mr. Meany was committed to solitary confine-
ment, on the silent system, while an agont of the
British Government was sent to Now York to hunt
up testimony against him. This testimony was pro-
duced at his trial on a charge of ' treason-felony' in
Dublin, and amounted to the fact that he had made
-a speech in favor oftbe Fenian organization in Clin-
ton Hall, Eighth street, Now York city, and had
been known to offer Fenian bonds for sale in said
city.
" The attorney general for Ireland, who conducted
the prosecution, admitted that the accused was not
charged with any crime committed in the United
Kingdom, nor could any such charge be sustained;
but he claimed that words spoken .and acts dono in
the United States, in connection with a conspiracy
in her Majesty's dominions, were sufficient to bring
the prisoner under the jurisdiction of tho court.
Baron Hughes, the presiding judgo, differed with the
attorney generaL He did not think that thoprisoner
eamo within his jurisdiction for acts performed out-
side the United Kingdom; and while bound to accept
the verdict of 'guilty'from the jury, he refused to
pass sentence, Mr. Meany was accordingly remanded,
and now awaits the decision of the twelve judge*. If
they decide against him, he—an American citizen,
condemned _ for exercising freedom of speech in
America—will probably have to endure the horrors
of penal .servitude for- -many years. It is not pre-
tended that Mr. Meany had oommitted any overt
acts in Great Britain or Ireland, He was tried and
convicted for words spoken in the city of New York,
and upon this charge alone, as tho accompanying
statement of the attorney general shows. There-
fore it appears _ eminently proper that the good
offices of the United States Government should be
interposed in this case to protect its citizens from
persecution and punishment by a foreign Govern-
ment for the exercise of that freedom of speech
which they enjoy under the constitution and laws
of thoir own country."
Extract from Report of the Trial of Stephen Joseph
Meany in Dublin.
"Stephen J. Meany was brought before Baron
Hughes, '.(.'he attorney general prosecuted. John
Devany and Thomas Doyle proved the connection
of Meany with tho Brotherhood in New York, hav-
ing hoard him speak at Clinton Hall and seen him
offer Fenian bonds for sale.
•'After hearing all the evidence fcendored by the
Crown, tho judgo requested to know what act had
been proved that brought the prisoner within the
jurisdiction of the court. The attorney general con-
tended that although no act was proved in thiscoun-
try, yet as he had proved the existence of a conspir-
acy to depose the Queen, acts tending to the same
dono outside the United Kingdom should convict.
" His lordship was of a different opinion, and
refused to pass sentence. He, however, accepted a
verdict of guilty, and put back the prisoner till he
should further examine into the case."
From the New York Herald of March 11, 1867.
The Case of Stephen J. Meany,
"The case of this gentleman, who has recently been
convicted of treason-felony in Ireland, presents some
curious features, whieli may probably arrest the atten-
tion of our Government. Mr. Meany is an American
citizen, and if he has been unjustly dealt with, as
alleged, his case may become a subject of interfer-
ence by the State Department. The crimes with
which he was charged were committed in New York,
namely, making a speech at Clinton Hall and offer-
ing Eenian bonds for sale. These are oertainly not
crimes in this country; and when tho attorney gen-
eral who conducted the prosecution admitted that
no overt acts in the United Kingdom were proven or
even alleged against Mr. Meany, we arc not surprised
to find Baron Hughes deciding that acts and words
done and spoken in New York were not crimes in
Great Britain and Ireland, and declining to sentence
the prisoner. If the judge had ruled otherwise what
would become of our boasted freedom of speech?
Mr. Meany, however, is still in prison, awaiting the
decision of the Court in Error, before which these
points, aa well aa the fast that he was arrested in
London and carried over to Dublin for trial, in vio-
lation of the habeas corpus act, will be argued. If the
ruling of Baron Hughes is set aside the prisoner will
be condemned to penal servitude—a punishment
worse than death—for a long period of years. It was
claimed in Mr. Meany's defense that he had no con-
nection with or knowledge of any overt acts of trea-
son in Ireland, nor were any proven. He was tried
and convicted for words spoken in this city. If the
Court in Error should reverse the judgment of the
court below it becomes a question whether tho pris-
oner must not be regarded as a citizen of the United
States who has been seriously abused, and become a
eubjeot for the interference of our Government."
Mr. ROBINSON. Mr. Speaker, I shall
occupy but one minute to state that since the
trial of Mr. Meany, notwithstanding the action
of tlie chief judge who tried him, the appeal
for a new trial has been denied and he has been
sentenced to a fifteen years' imprisonment. He
is an American citizen, as that statement in-
forms us, and I believe it to be true. He was
arrested, sir, for words Spoken and acts done
in the city of New York under Our- own flag.
He was not accused in his trial of having done
anything in Great Britain against the laws of
that kingdom, but for. words spoken and acts
done in the city of New York an American
citizen is now enduring a fifteen years' penal
servitude.
A Member. Has he been naturalized here ?
Mr. ROBINSON. The papers state that
he is an American citizen, and I believe it to
be so.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I trust there is spirit
enough in this country, I trust, sir, there is
weight enough in the metal of our Army and
N avy to take that manoutof whatever strong
prison he may be in if they do not give him up
willingly. I trust that the American Govern-
ment is powerful enough, that our Army and
Navy metal is weighty enough to bring him back
even if in its march to the prison where he is
we have to tread down the nation which has
imprisoned him.
Mr. Speaker, I have at a former time called
attention to this matter, and requested through
this House by resolution information from the
State Department, which I regret to Say we
have not yet received. I hope, sir, that we
will turn away from punishiDg our own people
and take time to look after the dignity and
safety of American citizens who may be im-
prisoned abroad.
One word further. I say "report imme-
diately." I mean with proper deliberation. I
understand the committee will have a meeting
to-morrow. I mean that the committee shall
be directed to report at an early day, that at
least during this session we shall have a report
from that committee on this subject.
There is another gallant soldier (Williaui J.
Nagle) in reference to whom my friend and
colleague [Mr. Wood] will introduce a resolu-
tion, who went ijito the terrible tight at Fred-
ericksburg with a large number of brave men
under him and came out with only a very few
of his command surviving. That gallant Union
soldier, who is also imprisoned in Great Brit-
ain, is a native-born American citizen.
I might add that I have a report of the trial
of Meany on my desk, contained in a Dublin
paper. The attorney general says he means
to make this a case for any other American
who has the hardihood to do anything of the
same kind. I now yield to my colleague.
Mi. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, I have but re-
cently returned, myself, from Europe, and
from personal observation within the last six
weeks in Ireland, where I landed on the 25th
of May, I am satisfied that every statement
made by my colleague with reference to the
insecurity of every American citizen, whether
native or adopted, is a palpable self-evident
fact in that country. It is impossible for any
American to land at Queenstown from any
steamer that arrives there whose baggage is
not expressly searched, and if he has an ordi-
nary pocket-pistol—I had almost said an ordi-
nary penknife—it is pronounced contraband
and is seized by the officers of the British Gov-
ernment.
The ease fo which I refer is that of Colonel
William J. Nagle, a native of the city of New
York, a distinguished officer of the Federal
Army during the whole of the Jate war. He
went to Ireland to visit some relatives of his
father. Without having uttered, durifig his stay
in that country, one single word of sedition,
while on his way to Waterford he was arrested
and plunged into jail, where he now remains. I
ask the Clerk to read a letter published in the
New York Tribune detailing more specifically
the facts, and I hope my colleague will accept
an amendment to include .the name of Colonel
Nagle in his resolution.
Mr. ROBINSON. I accept it.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
County Cork Jail, June U, 1867.
Deab. Father: I was arrested on the 1st of June,
in company Mth Colonel J. Warren, on the bridge
crossing the Blackwater, from Waterford into You-
ghal. "We were kept in the Youghal Bridewell until
the morning of the 4th, when we were sent to this
prison—marched through the streets of both places
handcuffed, like felons. Wo are now held under a
warrant from the Lord-Lieutenantof Ireland, and will
remain prisoners so long as the fears and purposes of
tho Governiuentmay require thesuspensionof the writ
of habeas corpus, unless some action is taken by the
authorities or Government of our country. We are held
under suspicion of being connected with the " Fenian
conspiracy," so called in this country. No evidence
of any kind is shown, or charge made, other than
"suspicion," which is applied, as a general rulo, to
all Americans.^ I will place my casobefore the Uni-
ted States minister at London. 'The correspondence
with Mr. Adams, and his communication, which may
become necessary with the State Department, must
consume much time. It would be well for you to
take immediate steps to bring my case before the
notico of the people, and have the subject brought
before Congress at its coming session in July. This
is not exclusively an individual case,-but becomes a
question ofrightinvolving tho liberty of every Ameri-
can citizen that sets foot on this soil. I ask the Gov-
ernment of my country—which I have faithfully
served, whose laws I have never violated—to secure
to me that liberty which is my birthright, and of
which I am now deprived, without any oause or plea
of justification, by an authority I do not rcoognize,
a Government to which I owe no allegiance, ana
whoso laws I have in no way infringed upon. My
arrestfollowedso quick upon my arrival in this coun-
try that I had 110 opportunity to find any of my rela-
tives whom I intended to visit. My chances of being
in Paris this summer are doubtful. I must bo eon-
tent to suffer the penalty of being an American sol-
dior with Irish blood in my veins, so far offonding
tho majesty of the British law as to be found upon
Ii ish soil.
Your son, WILLIAM J. NAGLE.
D. M. Nagle, New York.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I have
no objection to this inquiry. I sim very much
at a loss to know whether w'e can legitimately
inquire into trials taking place in another
country. I understood the gentleman from
New York to speak of one and to say that the
party was convicted without evidence. I do
not understand how far this resolution goes.
Mr. ROBINSON. The resolution simply
calls for information whether any American
citizen has been arrested, tried, convicted, and
imprisoned.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Thalbeing
so, I see no objection to it.
Mr. ROBINSON. One word; I said that
an American citizen had been tried and con-
victed without any evidence against him that
he had done any act or said any word in Great
Britain ; it was exclusively on what he had said
and done here.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I rose to
say that I hope we will not adopt the principle
Of passing upon the judgments of the British
courts. Each nation must manage its own
trials in its own way. We should be very
unwilling to allow any other nation to decide
whether the rebels had been guilty, even if some
of them were subjects of a foreign Power, until
we had tried them; and then I should object
to their interference. But as the resolution is
merely to be referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs to report on these facts, I can
see no objection. It does not go quite as far
as I thought it did.
The resolution was agreed to.
TAXING GOVERNMENT BONDS.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, by unani-
mous consent, offered the following resolution,
and demanded the previous question thereon :
Resolved, That the burdens of the Government
should be borne equally; that taxation should be in
proportion to property held; that exemption of any
40th Cong. 1st
-No. 88.
