562
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
material portion of the wealth of this country from
its due proportion of taxes is wrongful, unjust, and
should be avoided; and to carry out these views the
right to tax bonds of the Government should be
given in any future system funding said bonds.
Mr. WILSON", of Iowa. I wish to ask the
gentleman a question, whether the effect of
this resolution will not be this : to prevent the
Government of the United States from fund-
ing all the different classes of securities that
may bear different rates of interest, some run-
ning as high as seven-thirty. Would not it
interfere with the consolidation of the national
debt into a system of bonds bearing a less rate
of interest than we are now paying?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I care not
what the effect will be. I want an expression
of opinion as to this 'question. I do not my-
self believe that it will affect the rate of interest
npon our bonds.
Mr. COVODE. I suggest to the gentleman
that the first part of his resolution would
clearly look to the taxing of land as well as
bonds. I suggest to him that if he does not
want to tax land, he should make some dis-
tinction.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I wish to
tax everything.
Mr. SPALDING. Does the gentleman wish
to tax bonds which are now exempt from taxj
ation ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I certainly
do not wish to interfere with contracts already
made.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I sug-
gest to the gentleman that he modify his reso-
lution so that it will read : "Any future sys-
tem of loaning," instead of "funding."
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I cannot
modify my resolution. I demand the previous
question upon it.
Mr. PRICE. Will the gentleman allow me
to make an inquiry of him ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. No, sir, I
cannot yield for any such purpose.
Mr. PILE. I move that the resolution be
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means
when appointed.
The motion was agreed to.
KENTUCKY ELECTION.
Mr. ADAMS. I wish to present the protest
of Hon. J. Proctor Knott, with accompanying
papers. I move that they be referred to the
Committee of Elections and printed, and also
that they be printed in the Globe.
The motion was agreed to.
The documents are as follows:
To the honorable the _ Speaker of the House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in. Congress
assembled :
The undersigned would respectfully represent that
on the 4th day of May, 1867, ho was duly elected as
tho Representative of the fourth congressional dis-
trict ot Kentucky in the Fortieth Congress of the
United States of America, in accordanco with the
Constitution and laws of the United States and the
Commonwealth of Kentucky; a certificate whereof
was awarded to him on the 2oth day of May, 1867, by
His Exccllency Thomas "K. Bramlette, Governor.
Hon. John M. Harlan, Attorney General, and W.
T. Samuels, Esq., Auditor of Public Accounts, of
said Commonwealth, who constitute the board au-
thorized by law to examine the returns of said
election and grant said certificate. Provided with
these credentials, the undersigned repaired to the
eity of Washington with a view of entering upon tho
discharge of his duties as such Representative during
the present adjourned session of Congress, which
convened on the 3d of tho present month, but was
surprised to find on his arrival that a question as to
his right to take a seat as such had already boon
raised and referred to tho Committee of Elections in
his absence, although neither of his opponents, over
whom he received a majority of nearly six thou-
sand votes, and not one of his own constituents had
interposed a solitary objection to his qualification,
but simply upon the suggestion of a gentleman from
another State—a suggestion which the undersigned
is contented at present to say he feels assured the
House will find, upon a knowledge of the facts, to
have resulted from mistake, and that ho has been
guilty of no act inconsistent with his fealty to the
Constitution and laws of his country, or the duty of
a law-abiding citizen.
Although not admitting the regularity or right of
this proceeding, the undersigned was satisfied to
abide in patience the action of the committee and the
wisdom of the House, and were he alone interested
he might even now feel constrained to remain silent.
Having, however, learned that on Monday, the 8th
of the present month, tho question as to his right to
a seat was again referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions, and his district denied a representation until
their report shall have been made and acted upon,
notwithstanding the undersigned claims to possess
all the qualifications presented hy the Constitution
•for a Representative in Congress, and knows of no
reason under aDy law of the United States why lie
should not be immodi .tely sworn m, and lest his
further silence might be construed as a committal
of either himself or his people to an acquiescence
therein, he begs leave, with all proper deference to
the opinions of those who may differ with him, to
enter, in behalf of his constituents and himself, a
respectful but firm and solemn protest against the
action of the House in the premises, as irregular,
unauthorized, andin derogation of the constitutional
rights of those whom he claims tho right to represent,
as well as of the people of the entire Union.
Very respectfully, J. PROCTOR KNOTT,
Member of Congress tied from the Fourth Congressional
J)istrict of Kentucky. ^
Mr, ADAMS. I also present the protest of
Hon. Lawrence S. Trimble, Representative-
elect from, the first congressional district of
Kentucky. I ask that it be read and referred
to the Committee of Elections, and ordered to
be printed in the Globe.
The motion was agreed to ; and the follow-
ing are the .papers presented :
"Washington, D. 0„ July 9,1867.
Sir : It is due to the members of the Thirty-Ninth
Congress with whom X served during that entire term,
to the people whose partiality and confidence accredits
me as their Representative in the Fortieth Congress,
and to myself, that i should earnestly and respect-
fully enter iny solemn denial to each and every charge
affecting in any way my right to aseat in the fortieth
Congress of tho United States.
Under tho lawgovcrningeontestedelections, Ihave
caused the following answer to the annexed notice to
be served on G. G. Symes in this city, by tho Sergeant-
at-Arms, as follows, to wit:
The answer of L. S. Trimble, elected to the Fortieth
Congress from the first district of Kentucky, to the
notice of G. G. Symes, claiming his seat.
1. There are no specific charges or allegations in
said notice of the time and place of the commission
ot the acts spoken of, nor the violations of the laws
charged, to enable this respondent to prove their en-
tire falsity, which he can do if advised of the par-
ticular acts relied upon.with the time and place,
2. Ho denies that no ever was disloyal to the Con-
stitution of the United States or tho State of Ken-
tucky. He denies aiding or abetting the rebellion,
sending supplies, provisions, medicines, military
equipments, and ammunition through the lines into
the confederate States during tho war; that the
whole of said first paragraph is false and calumnious.
He denies making disloyal speeches; that in all of
his speeches he advocated the Union, tjie Constitu-
tion, and tho enforcement of the laws passed m pur-
suance thereof as the last and only hope lor the
liberties of the people; at all times opposing seces-
sion and rebellion.
3. He denies thatUnion men were intimidated and
overawed from voting by being threatened and pro-
scribed by those lately in rebellion against tho Gov-
ernment. But he charges that Democrats and Con-
servatives were threatened with reconstruction, con-
fiscation, and military rule if they did not vote
against this respondent and forthe saidSymes. This
was openly and publicly done by Symes and his
friends Anderson andBollinger, whose affidavits have
been taken ex parte and filed by said Syijtes; while
last fall Symes was publicly denouncing Congress as
a set of Jacobins and revolutionists when speaking
at Johnson meetings, as I am informed.
4. He denies all charges of illegal voting for him
or the illegality of the election, but says that said
election was regularly held in accordance with the
constitution and laws of the State of Kentucky and
the Constitution of the United States.
Ho denies that any person or persons, whether un-
pardoned ex-confederate soldiers or paroled prison-
ers, voted for him who were not legally entitled to
do so under the constitution and law a of the State of
Kentucky, and asserts that each and all of the electors
who cast their votes for him had all the qualifications
required for electors for tho most numerous branch
of theStatc Legislature,so far ashe knows, believes,
or has any information. And ho denies that under
any state of the case the majority received by this
respondent could have been either overcome or ma-
terially reduced by the rejection even o£all the votes
claimed in the notice as illegal. This respondent
received a majority of the votes polled in each and
every county composing the said district, respondent
receiving 9,787 votes, Symes 1,780 votes; respondent's
majority being 8,007 votes.
Respondent denies each and all of th® statements
contained in the fourth specification in said notice,
and denies that any of thejudges, sheriffs, or clerks
of said election at any precinct in said district wore
either illegally appointed or disqualified from any
causb to act as such, or that any law was violated in
that regard; he denies that tho election laws were
violated in any way.
Respondent denies that Christian county belongs
to that district, or that respondent or Symes received
any votes in that county, (Christian.) In conclusion,
he denies that any of the matters contained in said
notice can be sustained by the testimony of any wit-
nesses who have any regard for truth.
Respectfully, L. SI TRIMBLE.
Washington, D. C., July 8,1867."
House of Reprrskntativks,
Office Skrgeant-at-Armb,
• July 8,1867.
I have this day given in hand to tho within G. G.
Symes a copy within notice.
N. G. ORDWAY,
Sergcant-at- Arms, House of Representatives.
In the foregoing answer I have denied t7ery
charge contained m the notice. I now most respect-
fully protest against the right of Congress, or tho
€fctoimitteo of Elections, to deprive this respondent
ot his seat, or to put him upon his detense, upon the
ex parte and illegal evidence now beforo tho Com-
mittee of Elections.
While I deny the truth of the charges, the legality
o£ the ex parte affidavits, or the right to read them
against .me, and assert with confidence that they are
malicious, false, and caluminous from the beginning
to the end, still I am induced to believe upon a
careful examination by your Committee of Elec-
tions of these affidavits of Anderson, Bollinger,EUe-
throp, and others, your committee will so decide.
Most ot the statements, if admissible in any form,
are hearsay, the weakest character of testimony
admissible or known to the law. The conclusions of
the witnesses surely are not competent anywhere.
Anderson's affidavit discloses the facts that at the
time of the making of. the speeches by respondent
at Mayfield and Benton in May, 1863, respondent
was a candidate for Congress against Anderson,
44 thata short time after the meeting at Benton affi-
ant learned that said Trimble had been arrested and
taken to Henderson, Kentucky, by the military
authorities."
The records show Anderson was admitted to the
Thirty-Eighth Congress, not receiving, however,
one-fifth of tho legal votes of that district, most of
them voting under the influence of threats against
their lives, their liberty, and property. Respondent's
name was strickon Irom the poll-books, his friends
driven from tho polls at the point of tho bayonet,
Trimble arrested, taken to Henderson, denied trial
on charges being;preferred against him^ denied com-
munication with any one, black or white, denied
the benefit of .counsel or privilege of conferring with
them, or their admission to confer with him. All
this at the instance and request of Anderson and
Bollinger.
Eostci's affidavit shows that respondent was re-
leased after the election without trial or charges of
any kind being preferred against him, or even taking
tho oath so commonly required at that time, Gen-
eral Boylo ordering respondent to be released un-
conditionally. Had respondent violated any law
or Treasury regulation prior to that time, with An-
derson andBollinger in power, he would have been
tried and summarily dealt with, probably sharing
the fate of many of their innocent victims butchered
in cold blood, now sleeping the sleep that knows no
waking.
The truth is respondent was arrested for no offense
committed at that time or before, unless it be one to
defend the Constitution and the Union as our fathers
made it, the constitution and laws of tho State of
Kentucky, and the rights of the citizens thereof,
but that Anderson might be foisted upon the people
as their Representative against their will, and that
Bollinger might more securely follow his avocation
of robbing, pillaging, and plundering all who had
money and did not descend to his standard of morals
and loyalty.
Neither Anderson nor Bollinger pretend in their
affidavits to give the substance of the speeehesmade
by your respondent at Mayfield or Benton. But each
gives a few lines without their connection or true
meaning, showing clearly their fiendish malice to-
ward this respondent, with their calumnious con-
clusions, which cannot be evidence anywhere.
Respondent refers you to the following letter of
Governor Bramletto to President Lincoln, also tho
following extracts lrom the report of Generals Spoed
S. Fry and John Mason Brown, who were appointed
by Major General Burbridge to investigate the mili-
tary affairs in Western Kentucky. The high charac-
ter and loyalty of these gentlemen will not bo ques-
tioned.
Copy of letter from Governor JBramlette to President
Lincoln.
Erankfort, September 2, 1864.
Sir: Brigadior General Paine, by military order,
has banished a number of thebestcitizens Irom West-
ern Kentucky. I send you a copy of a letter handed
me by Colonel Taylor, which contains a fair state-
ment of the cases of those embraced therein. I have
taken pains to inquire into tho facts in relation to
those banishedporsons, and learn from good and reli-
able men that those persons mentioned in the letter
of William McKee Hubbard have ever been loyal to
the Government. The order ought to bo forthwith
annulled and thoso persons restored to thoir homes
and to tho property which General Paino and his
confederates, Hon. Lucien Anderson and ]>ollinger,
have iniquitously extorted from them. Having
instituted some inquiry into the conduct of Gen-
eral Paine, Lucien Anderson, and Bollinger, who it
appears are confederates in the system of oppression
and plundering instituted in that part of Kentucky
—sharing the spoils iniquitously extorted from citi-
zens—-! charge him and them, as tho chief executive
of Kentucky, with a corrupt and oppressive uso of
his office to oppress unjustly and extort corruptly
money and property from the citizens for their own
private gain and to the disgrace of the service and
injury of the public interests. The extent and char-
acter of the oppressions and plundering carried on
by these men, as related to me by persons cognizant
of the facts, is absolutely astounding. 1 ask in
behalf of justice, the honor of our country, that a
military commission, composed of good, bravo, just.
