1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
56£
Mr, ASHLEY, of Ohio. I submit the fol-'
lowing'substitute: , '
A,biII for the relief of certain volunteer soldiers and
sailors therein designated. -
Whereas a large number of men who 'voluntarily
enlisted in the service of the United States fo/a def-
inite period op during the "war, and who faithfully
served until after the surrender of Lee and Johnston,
in April, 1865, tinder the impression that they had
foithfully fulfilled their contract -with the Govern-
ment, did, without authority, leave their respective
commands and go home; and whereas all who thus'
left the service are marked upon the rolls as desert-
ers, and are unjustly classed with those guilty of the
great crime of deserting to the enemy or deserting
during the war: Therefore*'
He 11 enacted by the Senttte and Souse of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That no soldier or sailorshall be taken or
held to be adeserter fromtheArmy orNavy who vol-
untarily enlisted to serve and who did faithfully
serve the prescribed period of his enlistment, or until
after the surrender ol Lee, near Richmond, Virginia,
on the 19th of April, 1865, and who, without proper
authority or leave first obtained, did quit their
respective commands after said surrender.
Sec. 2. And be it further- enacted, That any vol-
unteer soldier or sailor who may at any time have
absented himself from the service, and who volun-
tarily returned to duty and remained with his proper
command until it vas regularly mustered out, shall
not be classed as a deserter.
Sec. 3. Andbe it further enacted, Thatthe Secretary
of War and Secretary of the Navy be, and they arc
hereby, authorized and directed, under such rules
and regulations as tliey may prescribe, to cause all
applications of soldiers or sailors, of the class herein-
before described as deserters, asking for a correction
of the rolls, or to be reinstated, which may be here-
after presented to their respective Departments, to be
examined, and if it .shall be found that the applicant
voluntarily entered the service, and taithiulty served
the term of his enlistment, or until the 19th day of
April, 1865, and only left the service after said date,
his name shall bereplacedupon the rolls, and he shall
be entitled to his pay up to the day he so left the ser-
vice; but he shall not receive any additional or extra
pay. lie shall also be entitled to a discharge, setting
forth the facts as they exist; and the persons thus
reinstated, paid, and discharged shall not be subject
to any penalty, disability, or forfeiture of citizenship
as a deserter.
Mr. RAUM. I ask to submit an amend-
ment, which is necessary to cover the cases of
dishonorable discharges. I move to add the
following:
Andbe it further enacted, That all dishonorable dis-"
charges given to any soldier or sailor included
within the provisions of this act are hereby vacated
and set aside, and such soldiers and sailors shall be
entitled to discharges and pay as other soldiers and
sailors under this act.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Let that amend-
ment be pending. I move to strike out in
the first section the words "surrender of Lee"
and to insert "the 19th day of April."
The modification was accordingly made.
Mr. COBB. I move to insert after the words
"mustered out" in section two these words:
" or who was killed in battle or died before the
expiration of his term of service."
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. As this is a bill
in which every one is interested, I move that
it be postponed till to-morrow after the read-
ing of the Journal, and that, together with the
amendments submitted, it shall be printed.
Mr. GARFIELD. I submit the following
amendment, to cover another class of cases.
During the war occasionally a soldier dropped
out of the ranks in consequence of sickness
and was unable to join his command, and
subsequently was returned on the rolls as a
deserter, 'i'hat soldier may for months have
been unable to join his command and may bo
returned on the rolls as a deserter although
he may have had no intention to desert. I
move the following:
And be it further enacted. That when any soldier or
sailor in the late war, whose name is entered upou
the rolls of the Army or Navy as a deserter, shall
present to the Secretary of'War or the Secretary of
the Navy satisfactory proof that such desertion was
onlv technical and without any intention to abandon
the service, the Secretary is in such case authorized
and directed to give such soldier or sailor a certifi-
cate of correction of the entry in his case.
Mr. SCOFIELD. That is the law now._
The SPEAKER. If there be 110 objection,
the substitute will be considered as the original
bill. . .
There was no objection.
Mr. HARDING. I desire to offer an amend-
ment, which is intended to cover the case ot a
regiment from my own State which were de-
clared in default for refusing to serve, dishon-
orably discharged, and their pay withheld.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. The gentleman
caft offer it to-mowOw morning. • •
' Mr. HARDING. My. amendment is to add
a new section, as follows
And be it further enacted, That forfeitureof pay and
dishonorable discharge promised or made for refus-
ing to servo after said period aro hereby released,
ana soldiers and officers subjected to said forfeitures
and findings shall be paid and their discharges given
as they would have been entitled to receive if no re-
fusal to serve had Ijeen made.
Mr. MTJNGEN. I desire to ask a question
of the gentleman from Ohio. [Mr. Ashley] in
regard to the law aga,inst desertion. A case in
point occurred in regard to some members of
my own regiment. A few of the boys went 011
shore at Vicksburg. The boats were ordered
off sooner than they expected and the result
was they were captured by rebel cavalry. One
of the men was taken to Jackson, Mississippi,
and there kept until our forces occupicd that
place. For some reason he is reported as a
deserter, but I have the affidavit of his captain,
lieutenant, and of myself showing that he was
not even reprimanded while in the service.
He joined us at Kenosha mountain and was
discharged at Little Rock. I have tried in
vain so far to get his bounty and get justice
done him. His name is stricken off the roll,
although he got an honorable discharge.
_ Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. The second sec-
tion of this bill provides for that case exactly.
Mr. MUNGEN. If the bill meets that case
that is all I want.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I now move that
the bill and pending amendments bo post-
poned till to-morrow, immediately after the
reading of the Journal.
The motion was agreed to.
IMPEACHMENT OP T1I13 PRESIDES!.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I rise to a question
of privilege. The House at the March session
passed a resolution requesting the Committee
on the Judiciary to report upon the impeach-
ment case, so-called, at the present session.
It is proper that the committee should make
some response to that resolution. I am there-
Fore directed by the committee to state that
they are not prepared to submit a report at this
session, but will be prepared to do so at any
session which may be held on or after the 10th
day of October next.
I have also been requested to state the posi-
tion occupied by the committee upon this ques-
tion. As the case now stands five members
of the committee aro of opinion that such high
crimes and misdemeanors have not been devel-
oped as to call for the exercise of the impeach-
ment power on the part of this House. Four
members occupy the opposite position, believ-
ing that sufficient matter has been developed
in the case to call for the exercise of the
impeachment power. This is all I am directed
to say, and covers all the authority given to
me by the committee.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Mr. Speaker, in connec-
tion with what the chairman of the committee
has stated to the House, and in conformity to
the suggestion of the committee, although not
strictly by the authority of the committee, but
I believe in accordance with the judgment of a
majority of it, I submit to the House a resolu-
tion with reference to the adjournment of the
present session.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The gentleman
makes a statement a little outside of_ the com-
mittee when he says it is in conformity to_ the
suggestion of the committee. The committee
did°not make any suggestion.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Well, then, on my own
responsibility I offer the following resolution:
Jiesolved, (the Senate concurring,) That when the
two Houses of Congress shall adjourn on the — day
of July, instant, the adjournment shall be to Wed-
nesday the 16th day of October next, at noon, and the
?wo Souses "hall then reassemble without further
order.
Mr. Speaker, I desire to state to the House
the reasons which control me in asking a ses
sion of Congress in the month of October
next; There aiie general reasons which cer-
tainly are as well known to other members of
the House as they are to me, which lead rae to
the opinion on which I presume that the House
would be willing to act, that in the present con-
dition of public affairs, in reference to what
we have learned from the acts of the Chief
Magistrate, it is due to the country and to the,
public peace, especially in the ten States that
are not represented here, and in reference to
business affairs throughout the whole country,
that there should' not be an interval of two
months between the sessions of Congress until-
the people have had an opportunity, if there be
no other method provided under the Constitu-
tion and the laws, to place in the executive
chair another man.
But I do not propose now to dwell upon -the
general considerations, but to suggest to the
House and to the country, it may be, a view
of this matter which it seems to me ought to
control us in deciding that there shall be
another session of Congress as early as Octo-
ber next.
I know very well that a session will be in-
convenient to members; it may he inconven-
ient, in some respects, to the country. I know
how common it is, how universal I may say
it is, for those interested in business to object
to additional meetings of Congress. I am as
anxious for peaco as any man interested in
business can possibly be, but there were those
during the war who were clamoring for peace
when there could be no peace except through
the triumph of our arms and the supremacy of
the cause for which we were contending. The
same difficulty exists to-day. This contro-
versy I suppose will be protracted, in some
form or other, until the 4th of March, 1869.
It is one of the incidents of the condition of
the country, emerging, as it is, from a state of
war, and there are no possible means, I do
not say consistent with public duty, but I say
that there are no possible means, whether
we regard or disregard our public duties, by
which we can relieve the country from the dif-
ficulties which are incident to the state of
affairs growing out of the condition of the pub-
lic business. I therefore suggest to the House
and to the country that there is no better way
in which we can rid ourselves of the difficul-
ties in which we are involved than to go stead-
ily, firmly, conscientiously, and judiciously for-
ward in the discharge of our public and private
duties. I wish to say, in addition to what was
said by the chairman of the committee, that
while the committee voted as has been stated
on the main question of impeachment, a ma-
jority of the committee agreed that the Presi-
dent had been, I will not say guilty, but had
so conducted himself in his public office as to
justify the committee in their report in con-
demning and censuring him.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I
wish that tbe remarks of the gentleman from
Massachusetts shall be understood just as this
subject, was understood in the committee. He
will remember very well that there were no
propositions to report a resolution of censure
or otherwise, because the committee were of
the opinion that that question was not sub-
mitted to them. The question before the com-
mittee was whether the President should be
impeached or not.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I believe, if the gentle-
man will recall my words, they will sustain
exactly the view he now presents. That report
was to be so framed as to convey censure upon
the conduct of the President.
Mr. WILSON, oflowa. I would suggest to tho
gentleman that we had better wait for the report
of the committee on this subject. I do not
desire mi'self in advance to discuss any one of
the issues involved in this case, nor do I wish
now to place any interpretation upon the action
or the position occupied by any member of the
committee, or to attempt to interpret his views
at this time. I will be prepared to do that when
I am called upon to report upon this question.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I desire to make no
