1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
567
t '«sk of this House whether they are right or
wrong; and I think it will be found that the
differences between the seven members of the
committee on this side of the House are not
quite so material as may have been generally
supposed, butare merely technical, restingupon
grounds upon which this House——
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I
would like to know whether the gentleman
from Pennsylvania proposes to bring into this
discussion now the issues that have been
pending in the committee. And let me say
one thing further to tho gentleman. While
I will not disclose either now or at any time
what has transpired in that committee as to
taking testimony, causing witnesses to be sub-
penaed, and calling for documents from the
Departments, I will say this much, that there
is much more of delay in the demand he has
made than in any that I have made from the
beginning of the case.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I beg
to differ with my learned friend on that ques-
tion. I think it will be found as I state when
the House examines the record that is to be
made, and with that I am willing to leave it.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. No mat-
ter which of you it was, we want to cure that.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. What I
am saying here does not involve any breach of
confidence, any disclosure of any facts that has
occurred before the committee. & is the infer-
ence wh'ich the public is authorized to draw from
the resolutions which they have already given
to the country, one of which declares the com-
mon opinion of seven members of the commit-
tee, that the President of the United States is
entitled to the severe censure of this House and
the condemnation of the people. I take it,
then, as an inference from what has been pub-
lished from the records, if you will allow me to
call it so, that there is but one question between
us, and that is, whether this condemnation,
this sentence of censure, shall be a judicial or
an extra-judicial one; whether it shall be a
mere declaration of the committee, a mere
nullity, without effect, falling still-born from
them, or whether it shall result in the exercise
of our constitutional powers in the impeach-
ment of the President. I have a right to hold
this language.
But I was about to remark when interrupted
that in my judgment the committee was right
to pass upon this question. When it adjourned
in the beginning of the month of June, I think
it adjourned with the view of taking no further
testimony, holding itself open, as was of course
bnt proper, to receive any that might be offered.
It returned here on the 26th of June for the
]:>urpose of making up its report. The House
had requested that that report should be made
on the first day of the session. The commit-
tee was not then prepared. The minority are
ready now ; the majority are not. They want
time. Why they want it is not for me to say.
They have not stated it. Is it for the purpose
of taking further testimony? I think not. I
think the chairman of the committee will not
say so. If there is anything further to be dis-
closed it seems to me it will be only cumula-
tive. I do not think there is any new point of
inquiry, as I am satisfied there is no one that
we have not touched on, which there is not
testimony sufficient for those who favor an
impeachment.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, this
is a very singular performance on the part of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, it seems
to me.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. It has
been brought about by a singular performance.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. He has informed
this House that there is no necessity for the
taking of any testimony since the adjournment
in June.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I am
speaking of the minority.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The minority cer-
tainly, because the gentleman is from the mi-
nority and has been making this disclosure to
the House. Now, sir, if that be truo it is a most
remarkable state of affairs that gentlemen hav-
ing made up their judgment in June, and declar-
ing now that they have wanted no further testi-
mony whatever, have called, with very few
exceptions, for all of the testimony that has
been taken since that time.
He speaks of our not being ready and want-
ing more testimony, when the call for testimony
in the committee has come from himself and
his associates. He has told us here to-day
that he wanted no more testimony, although the
committee has not yet received from the hands
of the reporter testimony taken at his instance
to-day.
Sir, I do not think that this disclosure was
entirely proper; and when I made the state-
ment which I did in behalf of the committee
I did not wish to engage in the discussion of
any of these questions, or to disclose anything
that occurred in the committee. But I will say
here, in behalf of both the majority and the
minority of that committee, that they have
faithfully and diligently labored upon this case.
I do not believe that there is any member of
the committee who has not discharged his duty
faithfully in regard to this investigation. At
the same time we all felt that it involved a ques-
tion requiring some time for its consideration,
not only to take testimony upon it, but to ena-
ble the members of the committee to present,
clearly and thoroughly, their views to the
House. The gentleman may be prepared with
a report, but it has never been submitted to
the committee.
Now, sir, I do not know what course the
House may take. I have stated to the House
what the committee directed me to state: that
they are not prepared now to submit their
report. If the House shall direct that com-
mittee to report at once the evidence that they
have taken, of course the committee will obey
that order. But, sir, for one I may be allowed
to say that while I have been examining the
testimony taken carefully and diligently I have
not yet completed any report conveying my
views of tlje case. If the House are deter-
mined that .the case shall come before this
body and the country without due preparation
of course it can order such a report to be made;
but I say again that so far as the majority of
the committee is concerned their report is but
partially completed.
Sir, I will not at this time say anything in
regard to my own views or the views of those
who concur with me on the committee in
regard to this question. I shall express my
opinion and the opinion of those who concur
with me at some future time; but I do not
believe that upon the present uncompleted
testimony, with calls for information yet un-
answered, it is either proper or just that the
House should take the responsibility of requir-
ing a report to be made upon this question
now.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Noth-
that I have said 
Mr. BOUTWELL. How much more time
does the gentleman want?
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Not
more than four or five minutes. Nothing that
I have said, 1 think, has disclosed anything that
took place befpre the Committee on the Judi-
ciary ; and if any such disclosure has been
made, I think it is due to my learned and hon-
orable friend rather than to myself.
*Mr. PIKE. I rise to a question of order. I
submit that upon the resolution of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Boutwfxt,] in
regard to an adjournment, it is not in order to
discuss the doings of the Judiciary Committee
upon this question of impeachment.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. That is
precisely the ground I take.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
proceedings in committee-room cannot, if any
gentleman makes the point, be discussed in
the House. The Chair will further state to the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Boutwei.l]
that the hour oT three o'clock has arrived, at
which timo the Pennsylvania delegation gave
notice that they would announce the death of
their colleague, Mr. Denisos, and unless they
yield, this matter must go over until to-mor-
row.
Several Members. Let it go over.
The SPBAKER. The further consideration
of the resolution will then be postponed until
to-morrow, when it will come up as a question
of privilege immediately after the reading of
the Journal.
DEATH Off EON. CHARLES DENISON.
Mr. BOYER. Mr. Speaker, the sad duty
has devolved upon me to announce to this
House the death of my colleague and friend,
our late fellow-member, Hon. Charles Den-
ison, Representative from the twelfth congres-
sional district of the State of Pennsylvania.
He died at his home in Wilkesbarre during
the late recess of Congress, of a pulmonary
disease with which he had been long afflicted,
and which, during the latter part of his con-
gressional career, compelled his frequent and
sometimes protracted absence from his seat in
this Hall.
He was born on the 23d day of January,
1818, in the valley of Wyoming, in the State
of Pennsylvania, where he resided during the
whole of his life, and was chosen by those who
knew him longest and best to represent his
native district in the Congress of the United
States.
He was a man of liberal education, and a
graduate of Dickinson College in 1838. He
early adopted the profession of the law, which
he continuously and successfully practiced
until elected to the Thirty-Eighth Congress.
He was afterward elected to the Thirty-Ninth
Congress, and again elected to the present
Congress, to represent the same constituency
for the third time, which in Pennsylvania is
always regarded as an especial mark of distinc-
tion.
The infirm health of Mr. Denisow prevented
him from taking that active and prominent
part in the proceedings of this body which
would otherwise have been expected from his
strength of character and fine intellectual abil-
ities. The same circumstance prevented in a
great degree the cultivation on his part of that
general acquaintance among his fellow-mem-
bers which nis excellent social qualities would
otherwise have prompted; bnt he commanded
the respect and confidence of all who approached
him. He was a man of sound judgment, patri-
otic impulses, and inflexible purpose. Modest
and without ostentation, but full of courage
and determination to meet the requirements
of every occasion. No possible temptations
of personal advantage could swerve him from
his convictions of public duty; and he would
make no compromise, even indirectly, which
had the least appearance of a surrender of
principle. Correct in business affairs, kind,
steadfast, and true in his domestic and social
relations, his private, like his public life, was
above reproach. Death to hiin was neither
unexpected nor terrible. It may not be inap-
propriate in me to relate an incident illustra-
tive of his calm contemplation of its near ap-
proach. It is well known to this House that
during the last session of the Thirty-Ninth
Congress he was appointed a member of the
select Committee of Investigation on the New
Orleans Riot. But just as he was about to
start upon his intended journey to New Or-
leans to join his colleagues there, he was sud-
denly prostrated by illness, and I was appointed
to take his place. The evening before my_de-
parture from Washington upon that occasion,
in a conversation at his room, he informed me
without the least emotion, and as if he was
conversing upon a matter of ordinary business,
that, in his judgment, the termination of his
life was not far distant. To my encouraging
remarks he simply and calmly replied that it
was appointed unto all men once to die, and that
it ought not to make much difference to them as
respects the exact time when their earthly mis-
sion was to be brought to a close. He spoke
like one whose j?eace had been made with God
and whose conscience was void of offense to-
