568
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
ward-man. May it b& given to all of us so to
li ve that we, too, may thus meet the death which
is appointed for all the living.
Mr. Speaker, I move the adoption of the
following resolutions;
Resolved, That the House of Representatives has
heard with emotions of deep regret the announce
mentofthe death of Hon. Chabms Denisou, a Rep-
resentative in this House from the State of Pennsyl-
vania.
Resolved, That this House tenders to the wife and
family of the deceased its profound sympathy in this
our mutual bereavement, and as a testimony of re-
spect for the character tad memory of the deceased
the members of the House will wear the usual badge
of mourning for thirty days.
Resolved, That the Clerk be directed to transmit to
the Senate a copy of these resolutions.
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Speaker, T rise to
respond in part to the resolutions which have
just been offered in respect to the memory of
my late colleague, Mr. Charles Dexisoi?.
It was my privilege to be his associate in the
Thirty-Eighth and Thirty-Ninth Congresses,
and he was also present at the first session of
the present Congress in March. An acquaint-
ance and association with him soon ripened
into a regard and friendship, for I was not long
in finding out his noble traits of character.
As a legislator he was able, intelligent, and
pure ; as a citizen, of patriotic motives and un-
yielding and unbending purpose and intent;
as a friend he was true ; as husband and father
he was affectionate and was beloved. In a
word he was a good man; so lived, and so
died.
In the public councils he commanded un-
bounded respect, and at his home his three
elections to this House indicate in what esteem
he was held. His example should not be with-
out its lesson. A public man who can yield
this life with such a name to live after him as
Charles Denisox may indeed be imitated.
Mr. MILLER. Mr. Speaker, Hon. Charles
Dentsos, to whose memory we are now pay-
ing our tribute of respect, was born in Wyo-
ming valley, Pennsylvania, on the 23d of
January, 1818, graduated at Dickinson Col-
lege in 1838, and adopted the profession of
law. He was a kind and amiable gentleman,
and was honored by an election to the Thirty-
Eighth, Thirty-Ninth, and Fortieth Congresses
from the twelfth district of Pennsylvania, com-
posed of the counties of Luzerne and Susque-
hanna ; was a member of the Committee on
Indian Affairs, and on Expenditures in the
Navy Department. While a member of this
House his gentlemanly deportment and urban-
ity of manners commanded the admiration and
respect of his fellow-members. lie took an
active part in the great issues of the country;
though we differed on the political questions of
the day, and as to the best mode for the resto-
ration of the late rebellious States, yet all
who had the pleasure of his acquaintance will
accord to him honesty of purpose and devo-
tion to his country. He was chosen as one of
the Representatives of this Republic in an
important crisis which called forth the best
energies of statesmen. He was not a man of
robust constitution, and it was evident during
the last session of the Thirty-Ninth Congress
that his health was in a decline. He was with
us on the 4th of March last, a day that will
long be remembered, when the Thirty-Ninth
Congress expired and the Fortieth organized,
which was an important epoch in the history
of onr country; he was then in feeble health,
so much so that he was unable to leave this
city at the adjournment. After some time, he
started for his home, and on his arrival at Bal-
timore had a relapse and was detained there
some weeks.
I afterward i$et bim in the cars on his way
from Baltimore and shook hands with him for
the last time. Though weak, he was cheerful,
and expressed a lively hope that when he
reached his home and had an opportunity of
visiting the mountain regions he would in some
measure regain his health so as to enable him
to resume his seat at the regular session of
Congress; but in that he was mistaken, as a
beneficent Providence ordered otherwise. His
health continued to decline until about the
28th of last month, when he expired with a
serene countenance, surrounded by his family
and friends, and his spirit ascended to Him who
gave it. In the death of our fellow-member
the country has lost an able Representative,
we a courteous colaborer, and- his family an
affectionate husband, an indulgent parent.
This bereavement; is a solemn warning to us,
and especially to our delegation, who within a
few months have by the cold hands of death
been deprived of two of our members. The
voice of our departed friend will no longer be
heard in this Representative Hall; bis seat will
be occupied by another. We may look around
upon those who now fill these seats and ask
ourselves who of us next the. cold hand of
death will be laid upon. This mystery we can-
not solve, it is only known to our Heavenly
Father; but we are warned again and again
to be ready, as we know not the day or hour
that we shall be called to render our final ac-
count, as death is no respecter of persons. In
a few years all those that now occupy seats
here will be numbered with the dead.
Mr. Speaker, I most .cheerfully indorse the
resolutions now before the House, and say of
our departed friend, farewell.
Mr. GETZ. Mr. Speaker, heathen philoso-
phy teaches us to say nothing but good of
the dead ; Christian philosophy instructs us to
speak no evil of any man, living or dead. I
think, sir, that disregard of the Christian pre-
cept is a more venial offense than a violation
of the heathen maxim, for if we assail the liv-
ing, he is present to confront his accusers and
defend himself; if we asperse the dead, he
cannot answer. The tongue, however vocal it
may have been, is mute; the lips, however
eloquent, are sealed in silence that no human
power can break. But the friends of the gen-
tleman whose death has been just announced
find a sad pleasure in the knowledge that, even
if any one had the malignant wil( to defame
his memory, he could find naught to warrant
it. His private life was blameless; his public
career was beyond reproach.
Charles Desisox was a native of the beau-
tiful Pennsylvania valley which has been made
classic ground by the immortal verse of one
of England's greatest poets. His thoughts and
feelings naturally partook of the placid scenes
and sweet influences which surrounded his
childhood and youth. His manners were gen-
tle, his imagination vivid, and his mind so
equally balanced that its serenity was rarely,
if ever, disturbed. That he was a man of
worth is proved by his election to a seat in this
House for three successive terms by a peo-
ple rigidly jealous of their interests and ever
waichfui of the speech ahd acts of their Repre-
sentatives. His constituency of all parties
respected him ; those of the party to which he
steadfastly adhered confided in and loved him.
Could the most partial eulogist say more in his
praise ?
My acquaintance with the deceased was of
very recent date. True, I had known him by
reputation long and well. But it was only in
the month of March last that the opportunity
was offered me of taking-him by the hand in
personal friendship. Even then the seeds of
an incurable disease had taken root in his
system. I shall never forget the few words lie
spoke to me when, upon seeing him in his
seat one morning after several days' absence,
I approached him with my congratulations
upon his apparently improved health. " Sir,"
said he, with an impressive seriousness, "I,
am far from well. 1 have been several times
at death's door, and feel that my hold upon
life is very frail." Frail, indeed, as a thread
of the finest gossamer did it prove itself. To
human estimate his life was not complete.
Ho died at the age when man's mental powers
and physical strength are yet in full force and
vigor. But he had at least finished his course
so far as to make a record of personal probity
and public honor that will endure so long as
his name shall be remembered; and he met
death not without forewarning and not unpre-
pared.
After life's fitful fever bo sleeps well."
Nothing is more uncertain, nor yet more
certain, than death—uncertain as to time; ab-
solutely certain as to the event. A few years
more, or a few years less, and all of ns shall
have followed bim to that—
"Undiscovered country, from whose boom
No traveler returns.
What an appalling specter in the pathway of
human ambition does not this reflection invoke I
Struggle as we may for the wealth, the honors,
the fame that this world places within our
reach—propose as we will schemes of self-
aggrandizement, it is God, and God alone, who
disposes. There are neither riches, nor honor,
nor .power in the grave, whither we are all
hastening.
When death comes so near'to us we all feel
the littleness Of even the noblest pursuits of
life. And we should feel, too, that time is too
precious a boon to be wasted in frivolous con-
troversy; that our powers of mind and thought
might be, and should be, devoted to a better
purpose than partisan disputes and personal
detraction. No man, I care not how callous
his heart may have become, how blunted bis
sensibilities, how seared his conscience, would
wish to die l^itli the ntterances of envy, hatred,
malice, or uticharitableiless against even his
worst enemy fresh upon his lips. This very
hour our souls may be required of us. Let this
solemn fact mitigate our partisan asperities,
curb our too ready impulses toward political
strife and discord, and teach us to cultivate
more closely those fraternal relations which
are most pleasing in the sight of the Father of
us all.
Others who knew Mr. DeniSon better than
I must pronounce his eulogy. My intention
in rising was to pay a mere passing tribute to
the memory of a departed colleague. Rever-
ently, then, strewing these fewflowers of thought,
plucked hastily and at random, upon his new-
made grave, I bid him a long and last farewell.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Mr. Speaker, brief as
was my acquaintance with our lately cherished
but now deeply lamented friend and fellow-
member, I cannot refrain from offering my tes-
timonial of regard to his many virtues, both
as a man and as a citizen. I feel that I should
not only do violence to my own emotions, but
that I should fail in my duty to the honored
memory of the dead, did I not, in this formal
way at least, mingle my heartfelt regrets with
those of his more immediate colleagues, his
surviving fellow-members from Pennsylvania.
This manifestation of respect is eminently due
to departed worth. Either morally or intel-
lectually Charles Denison was no common
man. Every line of his speaking face, every
deliberate utterance of his thoughtful mind,
stamped him as a man of marked individuality
of character. No man of kindred sympathies
could be in communion with him and fail to be
impressed with the conviction that in him truth,
honesty, and integrity found a living and con-
genial home. I scarcely ever knew a man who
grew so rapidly and so favorably in the esteem
of those who came in contact with him. Not
that he was forward in his habits of forming
new associations or making new acquaint-
ances ; not from any off-hand readiness of
familiarity with strangers, or over-frankness of
temperament or character; but from a quiet,
though genial, an easy, but sincere and earnest
social disposition, which made him at once,
and without undue formality, both an agree-
able companion and a highly interesting and
instructive friend.
In relation to all the duties of life, civil,
religious, or political, or in regard to the pas-
sions, the prejudices, or the weaknesses of
human nature, he was a man of high-toned and
liberal views, decided and firm in his political
convictions upon all the great and cardinal
questions of national policy; rigid and unvacil-
