1867.
THE COFOBESSIOKAL GLOBE.
feting io the- discharge, of hia public duties, -
though always characterized by a never-failing
personal courtesy to all those who might differ
with, him ih opinion. He was' & partisan only
because political truth and political virtue.were
necessary to insure the publio welfare in a con-
stitutional government through party organi-
zations. In him good faith to an- obligation,
whether public or private, was a principle
rather than a sentiment. Duty was his highest
motive, an approving conscience his noblest
earthly reward. He. achieved an honorable
success in life simply because aa to him, in. a
moral point of view, there could be success
nowhere, except as it lay in the plain path of
duty. No personal suffering, no private incon-
venience 6ould induce him to forget or forego
the thorough discharge of the public duties of
his station. ,• Although greatly prostrated by
the ravages of the disease which waS consum-
ing him', he remained here some two or three
weeks after the adjournment of the March ses-
sion of Congress,, giving assiduous and un-
remitting attention to the business of his con-
stituents.
Pain and suffering and all the anxieties or
endearments of. home could neither force nor
wean him from his labors, or compel or induce
him to abandon what he conceived to be his
duty to hia country and his constituents.
"Whether right or wrong in his convictions, he
died with the harness on his back, almost a
martyr to his high-minded sense of duty to his
friends. Such a termination of mortal exist-
ence, such a close of human life touches the sub-
lime of moral beauty, and should reconcile the
querulous, the discontented, and the despond-
ing to a manly appreciation of all the trials
and tribulations w.hich belong to a revolution
in the social organism, or which pertain to
a great crisis in the life of a nation. I shall
never forget the deep impression made on my
mind by the last interview with our departed
friend. The last time I saw him was at the
President's Mansion on the eve of my departure
for home after the adjournment of the last Con-
gress. In parting with him on that occasion,
he sadly remarked to me that in all probabil-
ity it was the last time we should see each
other on earth. Alas, sir, his words were but
too prophetic. His manly life was going out,
the mysterious cord of his existence was being
loosened, the golden bowl was being broken
at the fountain on the very day I was passing
through his beautiful mountain district, made
classic by the genius of Campbell and the name
of Wyoming, on my way to the national cap-
ital to attend a session of Congress in which
his seat was vacant, and from which his spirit
had departed forever. In dropping the tear
of friendship upon his untimely but honored
grave, no extravagance of eulogy, no long-
arawn catalogue of his virtues would be appro-
priate to or in harmony with* the modesty and
unostentatious nature of his character while
living. It is enough to say that in his death
we have lost a valuable and truly honorable
member of this body, Pennsylvania an upright
and useful citizen, and his more immediate
constituents an able and faithful representa-
tive. Sadly, sir, but with a lively and gratified
recollection of the friendship of the departed,
I second the resolutions of respect and condo-
lence offered by the honorable gentleman from
Pennsylvania.
The resolutions were agreed to unanimously.
Mr. BOYER. As a further tribute to the
memory of the deeeascd, I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
the House (at three o'clock and thirty minutes
p. m.) adjourned.
PETITIONS.
The following petitions were presented under the
rule, and referred to the appropriate committee:
By the SPEAKER: Petition of T. M. Kappler, of
8°b7m^ STEVENS, of Pennsylvania:.The petition
of over 4,000 citizens of Maryland, praymgthat l^on-
£ress will grant them universal suffrage.
IN SENATE.
' Thursday, July. 11, 1867.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of .yesterday was sead and ap-
proved. . ■ .
. BNROM-ED BILX. SIOtNED;- • ■
The PRESIDENT pro' fimpore signed the
enrolled bill (H. R. No. 107) to establish cer-
tain post' roads.
CORRECTION OF TIIE JOURNAL.
Mr. HOWE. I was not in when the Journal
was read yesterday, but during the afternoon
I saw by the "Globe" that I was recorded as
having voted for the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wil-
son] the day before yesterday. I intended to
obtain the floor during the afternoon yesterday
and ask to have the Journal corrected in that
respect, if it could be. I did not vote upon
that motion at all. If it is not too late I should
like to have the Journal corrected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It ipay be
corrected, no objection being made, and will-
be corrected accordingly.
reconstruction.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
procecd to the consideration of Senate bill No.
131, the unfinished business of yesterday.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate;
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 131) to give
effect to an act entitled "An act to provide for
the more efficient government of the rebel
States," passed March 2, 1867 ; the pending
question being on the amendment of Mr. How-
ard, to add to the sixth section the following
proviso:
Provided, That tho mere act, of voting for an ordi-
nance of secession, so called, at a popular election,
shall not of itself be deemed under this act engaging
in insurrection or rebollion againstthoUnitedStates;
nor shall any person be deemed disqualified for regis-
tration under this act merely because of his having
held or exercised tho functions of a justice of the
peace, notary public, trustee, officer, or agent of any
institution of learning, commissioner of banks, rail-
roads, and bridges or highways, trustee of churches,
religious associations, or schools, ministor, priest, or
other person vested with authority tosolemnize mar-
riage, State commissioner or agent for taking ac-
knowledgments of deeds, conveyances, depositions,
or affidavits.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, as I an-
nounced yesterday, the leading object I had in
view in presenting to the consideration of the
Senate the amendment which is now before us
was to clicit the views of the Senate, so far as
possible, touching the true construction and
effect to be given to that part of tho oath con-
tained in the supplemental act which excludes
officers who have taken the oath required by
the Constitution from registration, and who
have rendered aid and comfort to the rebel-
lion ; and I am very happy for one that so
much has been said by honorable Senators by
way of illustrating that point. There is neces-
sity, I apprehend, that there should be some
discussion upon that question here for the
enlightenment of the boards of registration
throughout the rebel States.
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sbm-
ner] yesterday asked me a question, which
was whether the simple act of voting for an
ordinance of secession, unattended by any other
act promotive of the rebellion tending to give
aid and comfort to the rebels, was not an act
of treason in itself. As the question was put
to me, I felt obliged to answer it in the nega-
tive ; but there are other considerations neces-
sarily connected with this question. ^ While I
admit that the mere voting for an ordinance of
secession at a popular election would not in j
and of itself constitute the crime of treason, !
still I cannot say that where a war has been
organized in a State, and an army is in the field,
or a military force is in array in that State, the
simple giving of a vote for secession in that
State at a popular election would not be a
treasonable act. I think the act of thus voting,
therefore, must be qualified necessarily by the
circumstances of the State, the circumstances
under which the vote wss given, and the pur-
pose for which it was given. If, for instance,,
in the St$,te of yirginia there was at the, time
of this popular election upon the. question of
secession m May, 1801, an actual war going on
against the authority of the United States; if
there were troops marshaled in the field for
rebellious and treasonable purposes/ and ft
party should go and vote in favor of secession
at such a time and under such circumstances,
surely I could not deny that the act of thus
voting, tending directly to encourage aid give
aid to the military movement hostile to the
Government, would hot be a treasonable act. I
am inclined to think it would; and in this con-
nection allow me to read a single passage from
the ruling of the Supreme Gourt of the United
States on the trial of Bollman' to be found in
4 Oranch. The cqurt sfiys:
" It is not tho intention of tho court to say that no
individual can bo guilty of this crimc (treason) who
has not appeared in arms against his country. On
the contrary* if war be actually levied, that is, if a
body of moil be actually assembled for tho purpose of
elf'ecivng by torce a treasonable purpose, all those
who perform any part, however minute, or however
remote from tliesccno of action, and who are actually
leagued in the general conspiracy, are to bo consid-
ered as traitors: But there must be an actual assem-
bling of men for treasonable purpose to constitute
a levying of war."
Under such a state of circumstances as I
have suggested, it seems to me-that the voting
fors an ordinance of secession would be a very
direct act rendering aid, comfort, and encour-
agement to the enemy.- Again, sir, there are
several cases where there was no popular elec-
tion held upon the question of secession ; there
are other cases where within the limits of'the
State at the time the ordinance of secession
was voted upon there was no war against the
United States ; and this diversity of circum-
stances of course must exist throughout the
entire rebel States, throughout the entire com-
munity. I do not, therefore, see how the prin-
ciple suggested in the amendment which I
have offered can be safely applied as a general
rule throughout the rebel States; and as the
bill now before us, reported by the Committee
on the Judiciary, contemplates giving the re-
spective boards of registration a pretty large
share of judicial authority, authority to decide
just such questions as this will be, I am in-
clined to think that the safer course, after all,
will be to leave this and various other questions
which must arise to be decided by them as
they shall respectively arise from time to time,
and before I sit down I shall ask leave to with-
draw my amendment.
But, while I am up, I desire to say a word or
two in response to my honorable friend from
Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] the head of the Judi-
ciary Committee. Yesterday, during the course
of the discussion, lie remarked in reference to
myself, and I thought in rather a tone of com-
plaint, that it was in consequence of the long oath
which had found its way into the supplemental
bill upon my motion that the Attorney Genera!
of the United States had held that the oath
itself was conclusive evidence of the qualifi-
cation of the votersr I was very sorry to hear
this imputation from so respectable and so
respected a source, and I really could not
understand it. I should be very sorry indeed,
and I dare say not more so than the honorable
Senator from Illinois would be, that I should
be held responsible for the opinions of the
Attorney General. But in point of fact, on
looking at the various bills that were before
the Senate there is no foundation, no shadow
of foundation, for any such complaint or impu-
tation against me. How stood the facts at,
that time? The honorable Senator, as chair-
man of the Committee on the Judiciary, to
whom the supplemental bill passed by tho
House was referred by this body, reported it
back to this body with an amendment, which
he asked to have printed as a substitute for
the whole bill from the House. In this sub-
stitute, drawn, I apprehend, by the honorable
Senator's own pen, he uses this language:
"That before the first day of September, 1867, the
commanding officer m each district
