1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
57a
to compel-; them to -renounce the doctrines
which led them to make war to abjure that
very provision in the Constitution along with
all the rest.
Mr. HENDERSON. An act of secession
never was legal; it was simply an act of revo-
lution. My- colleague and "myself took that
ground. I supposed that everybody who took
a position in favor of the Union-at all held
that an act of secession was not a legal act,
was a mere act of revolution against all law;
and if this provision -of the Constitution be
repealed, I suppose that men who are determ-
ined upon'fche commission of rebellion, treason
against the Government, will yet forfeit their
words and commit it. It is"utterly impossible
for us to provide against the commission of
crime, and - it is utterly impossible for us to
prevent people by the passage of amendments
to the Constitution, either Federal or State,
from the commission of treason against the
United States.
Mr. DRAKE. And yet I would suggest to
my colleague in that connection that when in
every one of-their constitutions which the peo-
ple themselves have adopted this declaration
contemplated in my amendment is incorpo-
rated there is the renunciation staring them in
the_ face in their own constitutions adopted by
their own votes. Whenever any man attempts
to teach the doctrine of State rights there in
order to excite insurrection or rebellion against
the General Government or disaffection to it,
or to break the allegiance of that pdople, there
stands their voluntary declaration recorded in
their constitution; and why should it not be
put there? Why should they iiot be compelled
at this moment of time, in order to regain-their
position in the Union, utterly and forever to
renounce the heresies which led them into
rebellion? -
Mr. T-RUMBULL. 1 I should like to inquire
what the question before the Senate is.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, Shall the decision of the Chair ruling the
amendment of the Senator from Missouri out
of order stand as the judgment of the Senate?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish we may have a
vote upon that question.'
The Chief Clerk proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. TIPTON, (when his name was called.)
I wish to state to the Senate that I vote to sus-
tain the decision of the Chair, and yet I do it
under protest. I am very sorry to do it. I
believe there is necessity" for that ruling as
long as the resolution exists. How soon the
resolution may be rescinded I do not know.
The result was announced—yeas 2-1, nays
13,- as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Conkling, Cragin,
Davis,Dixon, -Edmunds, Pessenden, E'relinsthuysen,
Grimes, Henderson, Hendricks, Johnson, Morrill of
Maine, Norton, Patterson of New Hampshire, Pat-
terson of Tennessee, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Tipton,
Trumbull. Van Winkle, Willey.-and Yates—24.
NAYS —Messrs. Buekalew, Cameron,, Chandler,
Drake, Fowler, Harlan, Howard, Howe, Nye, Itoss,
Sumner, Thayer, and Wilson—IB.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Cole, Conness, Corbett,-
Boolittle, Ferry, Guthrie, Morgan, Morrill of Ver-
mont. Morton, Saulsbury, Sherman, Sprague, Stew-
art, Wade,-and Williams—16.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. BUCKALEW. _ Mr. President 
Mr. DRAKE. I wish to move to suspend
the rule of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is not in order.
Mr. SUMNER. We can take up my resolu-
tion to rescind the rule ; that is on the table.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That cannot be taken up
while this bill is pending.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Yesterday, when this
bill was under consideration, I waived my
privilege of offering an amendment, which had
been submitted to the Senate previously and
which had been printed. I did it with the
idea of facilitating business, allowing the bill
reported to the Senate from the Committee of
the Whole, and having it placed upon its
third reading, so that it would be at its final
stage of amendment. I did not desire at that
time to interpose with my amendment or to
elicit debate upon it; butfrom what experience
I have since had it appears to me that if 1 am
to have any hearing upon that proposition it
must be at this stage. I am not disposed to
protraet the proceedings of the Senate upon
this bill, or -upon the business- of the session
generally, if there -be indeed any other, busi-
ness besides this bill for our action 5 but I am
extremely anxious to occupy a-short period of
time in stating to the Senate and to the peo'ple
of the country certain facts and views regard-
ing a most important subject which is directly
connected with this very question of recon-
struction, and in my opinion is necessary to
the execution of that system which was estab-
lished by our former laws. I will move my
amendment at this time, and I desire to be
heard very briefly by the Senate upon it. I
shall not protract the proceedings of the Senate
either by my own amendment or by cooperating
with others in amendments which they may
propose. I ask that my amendment be read.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted. That in the elec-
tion of Representatives in Conttress from the said
States mentioned in the act of March 2,1S67, each
elector shall bo entitled to give as many votes as
there are Representatives assigned to his State by
apportionment of law, and he may give one vote to
each of the requisite number of persons to be chosen,
or may cumulate his votes and bestow them at his
discretion upon ono or more candidates less in num-
ber than the whole number of Representatives to be
chosen from such State.
Mr. POMEROY. Mr. President 
Mr. BUCKALEW. Permit me a moment.
The Senate will perceive by the reading of the
amendment which has been proposed by me
that it does not state a new condition of re-
construction, nor extend any condition for-
merly established by the Congress of the United
States. It leaves entirely untouched all those
conditions upon which it was proposed that
those States should be readmitted into Con-
gress. It submits nothing for the action, for
the adoption, or the consent of the people of
the southern country. My amendment pro-
poses a distinct exercise of the power of the
Congress of the United States without solicit-
ing or proposing, any action whatever by the
people of the South or by the States in that
section of the Union.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Pennsylvania allow me to inquire if that is not
another subject of legislation V Our legislation
is to be confined to this reconstruction matter
under our rule, and to carrying out the bills
already passed. Now, does the Senator from
Pennsylvania mean to be understood as say-
ing that his proposition is-in aid of the recon-
struction laws already passed, or calculated to
remove any obstruction that has been put in
-their way?
' Mr. BUCKALEW. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I cannot see how. It
seems to me to be clearly out of order.
Mr. BUCKALEW. If the Senator had
waited a few moments, I was coming to that
branch of my statement in regard to the amend-
ment. I say, then, in the first place, it is not
a condition of reconstruction, and it asks no
action of the southern States whatever. The
next point is that it is an exercise of clear con-
stitutional power by the Congress of the Uni-
ted States, because we have power to regulate
the manner in which representatives from the j
several States shall be chosen. That is a power !
which we have exercised heretofore, and there |
is an existing law upon the statute-book by
which it is provided that each State shall be
divided into congressional districts, and mem-
bers of the House of Representatives shall be
chosen by the respective districts, and not as
formerly by general ticket. I say, then, in
the next place, that this is an cxercise of con-
stitutional power by the Congressof the United
States, if we choose to exercise it, because we
have complete jurisdiction over the subject-
matter.
It remains, then, for me to call attention to
the fact that this exercise of power by us is a
necessary and proper exercise of power in con-
section with the reconstruction of the southern
country and the renewed representation of
those States; and that without it that recon-
struction and that representation ■ cafthot be
made wisely, cannot be made efficiently, can 
not be made so^as to execute the paramount
and leading design upon which the acts of
March last were enacted by Congress. That !
propose to show, and it is the main argument,
or one of the main arguments, by which I pro-
pose to* sustain this amendment and Convinco
the member^ of the Senate, if I do convince
any one, that ,it ought to be adopted by them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It clearly seems to me
that this is not in order, and I rise to that ques-
tion. I submit to the Chair that, admitting
everything the Senator says, that his proposi-
tion is a wise one, that it is a constitutional
one, that Congress -would have the power to
adopt such a provision as the one proposed,
and that it _ would be a proper provision to
adopt now in regard to reconstruction—sup-
pose all that were admitted, and what waa
proposed by the Senator from Missouri were
admitted, to be a very proper thing to be done ;
yet unless it comes within our rule it cannot
be offered at this time. Our rule confines ns
to removing out of the way the obstacles which
have been or may be placed "in the way of the
execution of certain acts we have passed called
the reconstruction laws. Now, I insist that
the Senator's proposition is an entirely new
proposition and therefore not iu order.
Mr. POMEROY. I rise to a question of
order. The Senator from Illinois is under-
taking to debate his point of order. I think
the point of order is well taken, but it cannot
be debated.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am through.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The point
of order must be decided without debate.. It
is exceedingly difficult to decide a question
under this resolution, it is so wide and ex-
tended. It imposes upon the Chair the duty
of recollecting all the laws and all the provis-
ions of law in regard to reconstruction which
have been passed, and to form a judgment as
to what would tend to obstruct them. That ia
a judgment which I can hardly pretend to have
myself. I think such questions ought to be
decided by the Senate. In order to decide
them myself, I must assume to know all the
provisions of these laws, and also what would
tend to their obstruction. One man may be
very apt to judge that one thing would obstruct
and another man another thing. It hardly
seemed to be a proper subject - to predicate a
question of order upon; and still thefe -is a
rule of the Senate on this subject, and the
Chair must enforce it whena question is made.
But the thing is so wide, it is so difficult to
comprehend the extent of all the provisions of
the reconstruction laws, and especially every-
thing that might tend to their obstruction, that
I prefer to refer this question to the Senate for
decision. Under the rules the Chair has the
right to do that; and I think these questions
are proper for the decision of the Senate, who
have made the rule and ought to understand
it much better than I, who was opposed to it.
The question then will bo for the Senate to
decide, is the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania in order under the late
rule of the Senate?
Mr. POMEROY. Is that question debat-
able?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I suppose
it is.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is debatable on appeal.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is no appeal.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not
an appeal; but there is an original question
under the rules of the Senate that the Chair
propounds to the Senate to decide. I suppose
it is debatable.
Mr. POMEROY. I understand that ques-
tions of order are to be decided without de-
bate.
Mr. BUCKALEW. When decided by the
Chair.
Mr. POMEROY. Not simply when decided
by the Chair. ,
