5'74
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
Mr. HENDRICKS. Any question that goes
to the Senate may be debated.
Mr. P0MEB05T. I think if the Senate are
to decide the question as a question of order
it is to be decided without debate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will have the sixth rule read.
The Chief Clerk read the sixth rule, as fol-
lows:
"6. If "any member, in speaking or otherwise,
transgress the rule of the Senate, the Presiding Offi-
cer snail, or any member may, call to order; and
when a member shall be called to order by the Pres-
ident or a Senator he shall sit down, and shall not
proceed without leave of the Senate. And every
question of order shall be decided by the President,
without debate, subject to an appeal to the Senate;
and the President may call for the sense of the Sen-
ate on any question of order."
Mr. BUCKALEW. I have two suggestions
to make in this connection, if the Senator from
Kansas and the Senator from Illinois will per-
mit me to get through the matter which I was
about stating to the Senate on this question of
order.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the Senator will
understand that there is no Senator more
gratified in hearing him than I am. I only
want the rales of the Senate enforced.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I have two suggestions
to make at this point.
Mr. TIPTON. I objcct.
The PRESIDENT -pro tempore. The decis-
ion of the Chair is this: that when the ques-
tion is propounded for decision to the Senate
themselves it may be debated by them. That
is the understanding I have of the rules. [
know in other cases, when the question is sub-
mitted to the Chair, it must he decided in the
first instance without debate; but when it goes
to the Senate on appeal it is debatable, and I
suppose when referred by the Chair in the
first instance to the decision of the Senate it is
debatable.
Mr. POMEROY. The Chair will bear in
mind that this does not go to the Senate on
appeal.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I have to state, then,
Mr. President, in the first place, that it is very
likely that time would be economized by per-
mitting me to proceed with the very brief re-
marks I desire to submit upon this amendment.
We are likely to consume as much of time in
debating and determining this question of
order as would have been consumed if I had
been permitted to procecd with the brief and
modest argument which I proposed to make.
Mr. SUMNEIJ. Will my friend allow me
to make a suggestion to him? As I understand
the rules, it would be perfectly in order for him
to m.akc his remarks or his speech on the bill.
"Whether he can move his amendment, since
the rule of last Friday, is another question ;
but of course the Senator cannot be cut off
from making his speech on the bill, because
that raises of course every question of policy
in connection with representation or govern-
ment.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, by the
reconstruction act of March 2, last, and by
the supplemental enactment, a new, unprece-
dented, and magnificent scheme under the
auspices of the Government of the United
States was attempted in ten States which were
formerly in this Union, if they are not now.
It was to take four million population,
heretofore held as serfs and bondmen from
the first settlement of this country, and endow
them with the right of suffrage; and the lead-
ing object of those laws, both of the original
act and of the supplement, was to introduce
into our political system a new element of
enormous magnitude, and to give a new action
and a new direction to our political institutions.
Now, sir, we are engaged in considering busi-
ness under a rule of order which says that
legislation in furtherance of those former laws,
that legislation which shall remove obstructions
to their complete operation and to their perfect
success, shall be in order, and that the Senate
shall confine itself to such measures, and shall
neglect all others. Now I propose by enact-
ment of th^ Congress of the United States,
under a clear power which we possess, to say
that votes in the southern country, as between
those formerly qualified and this new class
which is now qualified by act of Congress
shall be taken in such manner that there shall
be no collision between the two classes of
voters, that the system introduced by these
former laws shall be made satisfactory, and
that we shall get fair and just representation
under them in the House of Representatives
at the first and at all future elections which
may take place in those States.
It is somewhat inconvenient to be obliged to
treat this great subject; this argument which I
have stated in this preliminary and irregular
manner, upon a question of order. It hampers
and confines one in that freedom of debate
which the subject demands. All that I think
it necessary to add upon the point of order is
this: the Senate, in determining the point of
order, are not to determine (for that would be
absurd) that the particular proposition will be
in furtherance of the reconstruction laws of
March last, and the Senate are not to deter-
mine that by the amendment existing or future
obstructions will be removed, because that is
to decide the merit of the proposition as a
question of order. I insist that all that we are
to determine is that reasonably considered the
amendment may have such effect, and may
therefore come within the rule. It must be a
palpable violation of the rule, it must be a pal-
pable want of furtherance of the policy of re-
construction, it must be a palpable absence of
capacity to remove obstructions to it, which
will induce the Senate, on a preliminary ques-
tion of this kind, to rule the amendment out
of order, because without debate on that ques-
tion of order you are to determine the merit of
the proposition.
N ow, what I have to say is that your enfran-
chised voters in the southern country, in every
State where they do not possess an absolute
majority, cannot exercise the rights and privi-
leges which were conferred by the reconstruc-
tion laws to any useful and complete purpose
at all without this amendment; and in other
States, or in any particular, locality where by
chance this new element of electoral popula-
tion may have a majority, your system will be
made odious without aa amendment of this
kind.
Why sir, what are these reconstruction laws
concerned about? As they eventually took
form, the military government established in
the southern country is temporary; it is in-
tended to be provisional; it is to come to an
end within a brief period; and the leading ob-
ject of the laws was to bring electoral power
into action in that southern country and to
direct that electoral power in the reorganiza-
tion of governments which we were to recognize
as loyal and valid under the Constitution of
the United States, entitling the people of those
States to Senators and Representatives in Con-
gress. Everything else in those laws, except
this vital element of suffrage, was secondary
and subordinate and inferior and temporary.
And_ yet, sir, because I propose a fundamental
provision relating to that vital point of recon-
struction, the manner in which suffrage shall
be exercised in electing representatives to the
Congress of the United States, I am to be met
by a short point of order and told that it does
not relate to reconstruction, to carrying out
the former laws, that it removes no obstruction
in the path of reconstruction which has been
developed hitherto or may be developed here-
after. Why, sir, it is begging the whole debate
upon my proposition, it is anticipating what
will be the judgment of the Senate when it
comes to be debated, and therefore it must be
a false and unsound objection.
This amendment is a very different one from
that proposed by the Senator from Missouri.
I thought that was in order; that was my indi-
vidual opinion: but that proposed a formal
compact between these States and the Gov-
ernment of the United States with reference to
matters and things in the far distant future;
that added a new condition of reconstruction
to the enactments of last winter; and from that
point of view gentlemen might give such con-
struction to the rule as would exclude it. But
here I propose that this very right of suffrage
lodged in the black men of the South by your
reconstruction laws shall be exercised in such
manner that no difficulty and dissatisfaction
and failure shall attend it. I am not proposing
a new condition for the people of the southern-
country to_assent to. I am not proposing* a
compact with any southern State. I am sim-
ply proposing that by an exercise of the clear
power which you possess you shall remove
those obstacles and obstructions which attend
upon your introduction of colored suffrage in
the southern country. I propose that you
provide that that suffrage shall be given in a
fair, honorable, reasonable, popular manner,
so that public opinion shall not be outraged
and the proceeding upon which you have entered
shall not be interrupted and made odious in
in the country,
My own object is, or a main object in my
mind is of course distinct from this. It is to
introduce what I consider to be a fundamental
principle of reform in electoral systems in this
country. I mean to take this as a preliminary
step. I believe it to be right everywhere ;
but it is clear that it is indispensable, at least
it may be described as necessary in the reor-„
ganization of the southern political communi-
ties.
I put the question, then, upon this ground,
for the purpose of the point of order : that if
the amendment that I offer may aid in execut-
ing the acts of reconstruction, may facilitate
their operation, may remove obstacles already
known or obstacles that may hereafter arise to
the system, it is in order, and it will be here-
after for the Senate to determine upon a dis-
cussion of the question of the merits of the
proposition itself whether it bears this char-
acter in point of fact or not. If it may reason-
ably bear such construction, it is in order, and
I am to be permitted to proceed to debate it.
I suppose if I had not been interrupted I
should have been pretty well through with my
main speech by this time.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I did not think the
proposition of the Senator from Missouri
properly within the rule which the Senate has
adopted; but I think the proposition of tho
Senator from Pennsylvania is. I can well
understand why the Chair should be embar-
rassed in deciding any questions of order that
may be raised under this resolution, for there
is no intellect, as I think, that is able exactly
to decide a question of order under it. In the
first place, nothing is in order except that
which proposes to remove obstructions which
have been thrown in the way or which may
possibly in the future be thrown in the way of
the execution of the laws of last winter. What
obstructions have been thrown in the way?
The President has done nothing; he is entirely
innocent on that subject. He has taken the
advice of his law officer; but he has done no-
thing-^—
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from In-
diana is mistaken ; the President has issued
an order.
Mr. HENDRICKS. An order carrying out
the opinion?
Mr. TRUMBULL. _ He has issued a circu-
lar, an order to the district commanders.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not understand
that the President of the United States has
required that civil officers who have been
turned out of office by the military power
shall be restored.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He has issued an order,
with some fifteen or twenty provisions in it, foi
their government.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have not seen it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have seen it, and been
furnished a copy of it.
Mr. HENDR1CKS. Then he has done some-
thing; I suppose that is adopting the views of
the Attorney General, making them the policy
of the Administration. The question then is,
whether these orders are obstructions. That
