mr.
TBI CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
- ~ .the State. The returns of that
eiectiOi?>(lfeM iri .Oet.ober &st)' were as follows:
Pennsylvania concessional districts.
Republican. Democrat.
I...
II..
III..
IV...
V..
VI..
VII..
VS:
xi'.:
XII..
XIII..
XVI..
XVII..
XVIII..
Xix..
xx...
xxi..
xxii...
xxiii..
XXIV...
12,192
9,475
.. 12,520'
11,516
12,126
11,800
14,009
8,531
13,188
8.675
12,971
15,907
16,280
10,653
12,675
15,830
12,964
9,979
12,688
12,481
15.222
12,669
9,655
10,012
11,853
303.790
292,351
292,351
11,439
Ratio of votes for a Representative, accord-
ing to votes polled  24,839
Now, sir, what is the result? Judging by the
actual Votes polled at that congressional elec-
tion, there should have been an equal division
of Representatives in the House, standing 12
to 12; or, if a Representative should be
assigned to the majority interest on account of
the excess of its vote, the numbers would stand
13 to 11. But in point of fact, under your
single district system, the result in that State
is that the delegation stands 18 to 6, instead of
being equally divided according to the real
votes which were polled at the election. But
under this System of cumulative voting, what
would take place? As each political interest
in the State knows that its vote is about the
same as that of the opposing one, and that if
it attempt to obtain more than its fair share
of representation, it may actually lose, instead
of gaining, it will be forced to concentrate its
votes upon twelve candidates, or upon thirteen
at the most, and it is impossible that by any
ingenuity or device whatever, it can increase
its representation in Congress aboye about
what its actual numbers entitle it to. If it
should make the attempt, the opposite party
would gain an advantage as the result of the
sharp practice attempted upon them.
I have taken Vermont and Pennsylvania.
Now take the case of Kentucky. There are nine
members of the House elected from Kentucky,
all of one political complexion. They are now
demanding membership in the House, and they
are met by a refusal for reasons which I need
not discuss, and which it would be, perhaps,
improper to discuss here. Suppose a just sys-
tem of election had prevailed in Kentucky,
would ihe .whole nine have been Democratic
members—a clean delegation of one politi-
cal opinion? No such thing would have been
possible. At that election the majority was
about forty thousand for .the party that pre-
vailed.
Mr. DAVIS. Larger than that.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I thought it was in the
neighborhood of forty thousand. As I make
the number of voters required for the election
of a member of Congress, that would repre-
sent nearly two members. Therefore the pre-
ponderance of one political interest in Ken-
tucky over the other would represent two
members. That would leave seven members
of Congress to be equally divided between the
two political interests: one party having four
and the other three, and the result would be
that the representation in the House would
have been divided, more unequally, to be sure,
than in njost cases, but still not with gross"
inequality between the two parties that con-
tend for mastery in this country.
Take the case of Maryland at the last elec-
tion. You find that representation in the
House of Representatives is not just, consid-
40th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 3*7.
erihg the men who gave the votes lay which
those Representatives were elected; that In-
stead of there being but one Republican Repre-
sentative from Maryland', there should be two
on account of the actual votes polled in that
State. Then,.sir, take the case of Connecti-
cut, an election recently held, and a most nota-
ble trial of political strength in the North.
There, where the vote was a tie substantially,
where the preponderancd-of one side over the
other was" very slight, not more than about a
thousand or thirteen hundred, perhaps, the
delegation stands'- three, to one, whereas it
should be equally divided according to the
actual number of votes polled- an-d returned
according to law.
I cite these cases of recent State elections,
and elections which on the whole have been
favorable to that interest in the country
which when the votes are taken in the aggre-
gate is in the minority, and I cite the other
two cases of Vermont and Pennsylvania as
other illustrations. But nearly every State
might be mentioned in illustration of the argu-
ment.
Thus, sir, whether you go to tile North or
to the West, or confine your researches to the
central portions of the country, you find gross
misrepresentation of the people of the United
States in that House, which Was peculiarly
intended to represent them; and to represent
them completely, year by year. The Senate
was intended to be a more permanent body,
and to possess somewhat of a different charac-
ter. What I propose, then, is the correction
of this injustice, whether it exist in the States
I have mentioned' or in any other States repre-
sented_ in Congress, and to guard against its
extension to the States-which you are about to
restore under your legislation to their former
places in the Union, and with regard to which
a reform upon this point is more important
than it is to the States of the-North, the center,
or the West.
Mr. President, I will proceed then briefly to
state in succession* not to elaborate, several
distinct arguments by which cumulative voting
can be sustained, vindicated, and made good
as I think against all objection. In the first
place, this plan is one of justice ; it is recog-
nized as just by every one who hears me upon
its mere statement; it will be recognized as
just by any man in the country to whom you
carry the proposition and submit it for his judg-
ment. It will deal equal, even-handed justice
among political interests in the country, whether
they exist now or are created by the exigencies
of our affairs hereafter.
In the next place, a system like this would
bring into public life and keep in public life
many able men who are now excluded under
your single district systenr. A man of ability
in a State can never reach the Hall of the
House of Representatives as a Representative
of the people unless there be a majority in his
district to send him; and if he commence a
career in public life, with high ambition before
him, and devote himself zealously to tlie ser-
vice of the people, and to qualify himself for
high statesmanship, and to take rank in Con-
gress as then take rank in the Parliament of
Great Britain, lie knows that a little shifting
of the political scale in his district will leave
him out. Those who agree with him in opin-
ion cannot continue him in the public service.
The result is that you have no twenty, thirty,
or forty-year men in Congress. They are
mostly men of the moment; they are two and
four year men in the House, and the example
extends even here. If a member of this body
gets reelected his friends think it is a subject
for warm congratulation, regard it as a won-
derful result to be wrung from a caucus and
from managers at home. But, sir, I insist
that in this country, as abroad, the House of
Representatives ought to be the great House
of our Legislature; its Hall should be resorted
to for words of eloquence, for profound logic,
and for the exhibition of the highest traits of
American statesmanship. How is it and how
must it be as long as you keep members there
two, four, and' six ye&rs'only? They have nij-
opportunity to grow up into distinction; they
have no opportunity to mature their abilities
and become able statesmen.
_ The result is that the weight of that House
in ^-Government ^ar helow what it should
h®- This may increase the relative importance
of the Senate ; but upon the whole it is not a
desirable condition of things, and the contin-
uance of this system of rapid rotation in the
membership the House of Representatives
bids fair to WRlne of those injurious influences
which will brmg republican institutions into
contempt.
I say then, sir, that this system of election
by cumulative voting will allow electors of a
particular party in a State to continue their
favorites in Congress, and will result in im-
proved statesmanship in the House of Repre-
sentatives, elevating that branch of the national
Legislature, and, of consequence, promoting
the public interests.
Again, sir, one great advantage of this sys-
tem is that it abolishes gerrymandering in the
States, cuts it by the roots, ends it forever.
That is one of the most crying evils of the
time. Now, sir, I venture to say that from
Maine westward to the Pacific ocean, in the
last ten years, in no State'whatever, has there
been an honest and fair district apportionment
bill passed for the selection of members of
Congress. Nowhere, in no State, unless in-
deed it was in a particular aad exceptional
case where the two branches of a Legislature
were divided in political opinion and one
checked the other; but ordinarily, as we know,
in the course of northern politics, legislative
bodies have been of the same political com-
plexion in the upper and lower houses; and I
venture to say that whenever this was the fact,
unfair and dishonest apportionment bills were
passed.
Under the present system the temptation, to
party is too great to be resisted; party inter-
ests appeal to members of a Legislature, and
they yield to its demands and enact injustice
into law. The party that docs this knows per-
fectly well that when a future apportionment
bill is made, the opposite party, if it be in
power, will retort this injustice, perhaps with
increased force. Thus you have a competition
between political interests with reference to the
apportionment of the States continually in-
creasing in injustice, leading to degradation of
the Legislature and the corruption of the
people. The system of cumulative voting, how-
ever, avoiding the creation of single districts
in a State, avoids altogether this capital evil
and mischief of gerrymandering and brings it to
an end so far as the selection of members of
Congress is concerned.
Well, Mr. President, in the southern country,
as already hinted by me, I consider this system
of cumulative voting as indispensable to the
harmony, to the welfare of that section of the
Union. You have vast masses of voters be-
longing to two different races there who are to
be brought in antagonism to each other at the
polls, and that in and through every State of
the whole ten now unrepresented. How will
you have them vote? Against each other,
voting each other down under the majority
rule, producing bad blood and riot and turbu-
lence upon thousands of occasions, with wide-
spread discontent and dissatisfaction through
the whole social body? Are you going to per-
mit the majority rule of elections to have unin-
terrupted effect there, causing results like
these ? Will you make no provision for amend-
ment, for counteracting and countervailing
these manifest evils and dangers ?
Take the case of Qcorgia, with seven mem-
bers. You can see what the result would be
under cumulative voting following a regular
registration of voters. It could be known be-
forehand about what number of representatives
the colored voters and their white allies were
entitled to, and how many representatives under
that registration the other elements of popula-
tion would be entitled to. The election would
take place quietly, without collision ; neither
