1867.
argument, upon grounds distinct from those
which I ,have stated, although in some crises
approaching them, for the adoption of thi^or
some other adequate system of reform ; ana in
that subsequent work he repeats his recom-
mendation of the system of cumulative voting
as one of sensible and material reform. He,
however, proceeds to state that his own opinion
inclines to a still further reform, the introduc-
tion of a system of personal representation,
which I shall not discuss here because the
occasion does not invite it, because I do not
suppose it is a system which can bo. within a
twelvemonth or within several years debated
and understood and adopted by the American
people. It 13 one much more complicated,
requiring perhaps a higher state of political
experience; at any rate, a more advanced stage
of discussion to its comprehension and adop-
tion by our people.
I have quoted the authority of Mr. Mill in
favor of the system of cumulative voting as a
convenient, practicable, just, and useful meas-
ure of reform, confident that his authority will
be accepted both by the Senate and by the
people of this country as the highest perhaps
which can be produced upon a question of
this character. Next I quote from Earl Grey's
work on Parliamentary Government and .tie-
form, seventh chapter. This is a new edition,
published in 1864. He says:
44 The first of the reforms of a conservative tendency
which I should suggest, and one >\hioli X should con-
sider a great improvement under any circumstances,
but quite indispensable if any changes favorable to
Democratic power are to be admitted, would be the
adoption of what Mr. James Marshall has called
the 'cumulative vote:' that is to say, the principle
of giving to every elector as many votes as there are
members to be elected by the constituency to which
he belongs, with the right of either giving all these
votes to a single candidate or of dividing thein, as he
may prefer.
"The object of adopting this rulevwould be to secure
to minoritios a fair opportunity of making their
opinions and wishes heard in theHouseof Commons.
In order that it might fully answer this purpose, the
right of returningmembers toParliamentoughtto be
contributed that each constituency should not have
less than three representatives to choose. Supposing
that three members were to bo elected together, and
that cach elector were entitled to threo votes, which
he might unite in favor of a single candidate, it is
obvious that a minority exceeding a fourth of the
whole constituency would have the power of secur-
ing the election of one member. It is probable that
in general three members would bo thus returned,
each representing a different shade of opinion among
the voters.
The advantages this mode of voting would be cal-
culated to produce, and the justice of making some
such provision for the representation of minorities,
or rather, the flagrant injustice of omitting to do so,
have been so well shown by Mr. Marshall in the
pamphlet I have already referred to, and by Mr.
Mill in his highly philosophical treatise on llepre-
sentative Government, that it is quite needless for
me to argue the question as one of principle. But I
may observe that, in addition to its being right in
principle, this measure would be in strict accordance
with the lessons of experience if read in their truo
spirit. One of the most remarkable peculiarities of
the British House of Commons, ascompared to other
representative bodies, is that it has always had
within its walls members representing most of the
different classes of society, and of the various and
conflicting opinions and interests to be found in the
nation. Much of the acknowledged success with
which the House of Commons has played its part in
the government of the country has been attributed
(I believe most justly) to this peculiarity.
The changes made by thereform act, and especially
the abolition of the various rights of voting formerly
to be found in different towns, and the establishment
of one uniform*franchise in all the English boroughs,
(with only a small exception in favor of certain
classes of freemen,) tended somewhat to impair the
character of the House in this respect. The greatly
increased intercourse between diiferent parts of the
country, and the rapidity with which opinions are
propagated from one extremity of the kingdom to
another, have had a similar tendency; and there is
no longer the same probability as formerly that dif-
ferent opinions will be found to prevail in different
places, so as to. enable all parties to find somewhere
the means of gaining an entrance to Parliament for
at least enough of their adherents to give expression
to their fee\iugs."
And then he goes on with an elaborate in-
vestigation and application of this scheme to
the House of Commons. There has been,
therefore, not only an inquiry abroad} but an
assent from minds very differently and vari-
antiy constituted, in favor of cumulative vot-
ing ; from Mr. Mill, a representative of radi-
cal opinion, than whom there is no one more
eminent in political literature; and then, again,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
579
from Earl Grey, representing a more conserv-
ative shade of political sentiment in that coun-
try. Why has not this system been adopted
in Great Britain and applied in practice, and
why has it not been incorporated in the exist-
ing reform bill ? Because in that country they
have not the same advantages that we have for
its introduction. Here our existing States offer
the facilities for introducing this plan without
inconvenience, whereas in GreatBritain, wMre
they have their districts formed, districts which
have existed for centuries, where the .habits
and relations of the people have been formed
for long periods of time, until they have become
inveterate, it is almost impossible to make up
political constituencies upon whom to apply
this plan of voting. In our States, however,
in nearly all of which more than one member
is to be elected by the same body of electors,
the introduction of this plan is both possible
and convenient.
I conclude, Mr. President, by saying that I
shall attach, probably, to my remarks a tabu-
lar statement, summing up the results of repre-
sentation as they are exhibited by the existing
system in the composition of the Fortieth Con-
gress, excluding, possibly, the recent elections
the returns of which I do not possess. Now,
I submit to the Senate, and to whoever in the
country may pay attention to our proceedings,
or see my remarks on this occasion, that both
upon the grounds of reason and authority this
proposition has been sustained; and that if it
be introduced into this country, whether in
one State or in many States, or universally
throughout the country, in any event it will
bear the character of a material, vital, useful,
and necessary reform of our political system.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, the prop-
osition of the honorable Senator from Penn-
sylvania is not now before the Senate, having
been ruled out of order ; and I rise, as far as
that proposition is concerned, merely to state
that if it should be introduced at another time
and made applicable to all the States in the
Union it would, as I am at present advised,
receive my very cordial support. The works
of Mr. Mill and of Earl Grey, which have been
cited, have been familiar to me for some time,
and they have had the same effect upon me
that they seem to have had upon the judgment
of the honorable member from Pennsylvania ;
and anything that may have been omitted in
the argument adduced by them has been sup-
plied by the honorable member from Pennsyl-
vania. But that subject is not now before the
Senate.
My principal purpose in rising was to say a
word or two in relation to the opinion of the
Attorney General, and only a word or two.
The opinion of that officer has been criticised
with a good deal of severity, not so much on
account of the opinion itself as because it was
supposed to have been in contravention of a
former opinion which he is imagined to have
expressed jp what was called theveto message
upon the acts of February and March. I feel
it due to a friendship of very many years
standing, and to a knowledge of the very emi-
nent ability of that gentleman, to say that l
know, so far as any intentional purpose is
involved of wishing to obstruct at all what he
believed to be the will of Congress, as found in
their legislation, he is as incapable of it as
any man in the country can be. He is a man
of unquestioned integrity, private and political.
He was a supporter of the Union from the
beginning of our troubles up to their close if
they can be considered as now closed and he
is as anxious to have the Union restored as
any member of this body can be. He differs
with the majority of the body in relation to the
policy which the body have adopted and seem
1 still to think the best policy of bringing about
that result; but Jie would hail with delight
that result, no matter how it mightbe brought
about.
Those Senators who have criticised theopm-
ion, and who I suppose have read the opinion,
I think should have stated that the district
commanders, nearly all of them, requested to
be instructed as to the meaning of our legisla-
tion of las't winter. They differed among
themselves where they were able to form de-
cided opinions, and in relation to somesiibjeets
they were not able to form any opinion ; and
they requested, therefore, instructions from the
Government. The President, receiving that
request from those commanders, naturally
called upon the Attorney General to construe
these laws in the form of an opinion; and that,
he has done. _ He has done it, as I think, with
very great ability. There are one or two points
in_ which I think he is mistaken. I think he is
mistaken, in the interpretation which he gives
to the oath which was required, andin another
particular which I forget, but it is compara-
tively unimportant. But I do not consider that
he is mistaken at all when he says, if lie does
say, that the military authority by that legisla-
tion is not paramount to the civil authority in
many respects. The veto message, I think it
was stated by my friend from New York, [Mr.
CoNKLixe-,] was reputed to have been written
by him. I know nothing certain upon the
point, but I have reason to believe that it was
not written by him. I take it for granted he
approved of its results. I think, from the spirit
and tone of that paper, that I could very cor-
rectly refer it to another hand; but I am sure
he did not write a word found in that paper
which reflects unkindly upon Congress ; he is
incapable of it.
If the Senate will look at the bill upon their
table, as reported by the Judiciary Committee,
I think they will come to the conclusion that
in the opinion of that committee that of the
Attorney General was substantially correct.
The first section of the bill states that it was
the purpose, it was the intent and is the intent,
and the laws of the last session shall be so
construed, that the civil is to be subordinate to
the military, authority. That was so by that
act to a certain extent, but it was not so abso-
lutely as we are about to make it. In relation
to all civil controversies involving mere rights
of property the military commander under the
original bill had no control. He could, in the
administration of the criminal law, whatever
he might suppose that law to be, either call to
his aid the local authorities or he could dis-
pense with them altogether and act by means
of military alone; but it is very clear, looking
to the terms of that law, whatever Congress
may have intended or individual members may.
have intended, that it is not the true meaning
of that law, construed by itself, that the mili-
tary is to be paramount to the civil authority
of these several States in all things. Nor could
it well have been otherwise. What is to be
done in relation to the law of descents, the law
of marriage, the law of parent and child, of
guardian and ward, and all the other disputes
which arise as between man and man ? How
are they to be decided ? Are they to be de-
cided by a military tribunal? If they are, is
there to be an appeal ? The only appeal that
the Constitution gives is to the Supreme Court
of the United States. There could be no writ
of error to the decision of any military tribunal
in a civil case.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I take it this law does
not change that.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not know that it
does. It remains so still, unless the amend-
ment adopted yesterday, which authorizes the
military commander to appoint whatever per-
sons he thinks proper to take the place of
those whom he turns out, and of course author-
izes him to turn out all persons that ho thinks
ought to be turned out, will load to that result-
Mr. EDMUNDS. They would still admin-
ister civil justice in the same way, in the civil
administration, although they would be differ-
ent persons.
Mr. JOHNSON. How are they to do it?
How is a military commander now to decide
an action of ejectment?
Mr. EDMUNDS. He does not.
Mr. JOHNSON. Of course he does not;
but nobody can doubt that if a judge is turned
out, he is to put somebody in his place to do
