1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
but they are not excluded. There are cadets
at the Military and Naval Academies; persons
who have contributed to rebel loans or invested
money in rebel bonds or securities; contractors
who famished rebel supplies; also persons
who, as authors, publishers, editors, contribu-
tors, or as speakers or preachers, encouraged
the secession of any State or the waging of war
against the United States.
Considering what we hear with regard to the
boards of registration: that in some States they
are of doubtful principles; that in some of the
States colored persons are excluded, so that a
large proportion of the voters have no repre-
sentation in the boards; it seems to me that-
we ought by positive words to provide'that the
boards shall be constituted without distinction
of color. Colored persons may be chosen to
office, and I cannot doubt that we shall soon
welcome colored Senators and Representatives
to the national Capitol. Meanwhile the boards
of registration must be kept as open as these
Chambers; and no commanding general must
be allowed to set up a rule adverse to the rights
of a race.
A system of public schools without distinc-
tion of color should be required. This im-
portant duty must not be left to caprice or to
the triumph of truth through local influence.
Its performance should be enforced as essen-
tial to republican government in these States.
You have required suffrage for all. You should
require also education for all.
Provision should be made to invalidate the
decrees of court in the rebel States which
hare not been voluntarily executed. This is
necessary for the protection of loyal persons.
Look, for instance, at Texas, where, according
to recent report, immense sums have been
taken by unjust decrees of court. If the rem-
edy is not applied now, it js doubtful if the
opportunity will, not be lost forever.
In submitting a constitution to the people
for adoption, it seems to me advisable that it
should not be complicated by any election of
officers, State or national; but that all elections
should be postponed until after the approval
of the constitution by Congress.
There should also be penalties provided for
the violation of the act. The pardon of the
President must not be allowed to confer a title
to vote ; and since officials have shown such a
disposition to impair the efficacy of an act by
interpretation, reducing it to a mere shadow,
wo ought to provide that it shall be interpreted
liberally.
In making these propositions I ask that you
should not hesitate simply because they may
not be embraced within the terms of the ori-
ginal acts. Let us do now all that we can to
make this measure of reconstruction just and
beneficent. I know no other rule worthy of
the Senate or adequate to the occasion.
In carrying out these ideas I propose to offer
several amendments, which I will send to the
Chair in order. I begin by sending to the Chair
an amendment as an additional section:
And be it further enacted,, That every constitution
in the rebel States shall require the Legislature to
establish and sustain a system of public schools open
to all, without distinction of race or color.
Mr. TRU.MBULL. That amendment is man-
ifestly not in order under the rule of the Sen-
ate. I do not wish to take up time, and per-
haps if we can get a vote upon it, it will do
iust as well as to raise the question of order.
Mr. SUMNER. That is all I ask.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well; let us vote.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not desire to debate
it; but I should like to have a «ote upon it.
Let me have the yeas and nays on the propo-
sition.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I must insist upon the
point of order, to be consistent with the action
that I felt it my duty to take in regard to the
amendment offered by the Senator from Mis-
souri. He insists that inasmuch as his amend-
ment was ruled out of order, the same ques-
tion should be made upon all propositions of
like character. This is a proposition to incor-
porate a provision in the bill which is not to
carry out the original reconstruction acts, and
I object to it, therefore, as out of order.
Mr. DRAKE. I wish to say, in reply to the
remarks of the honorable Senator from Illinois,
that I do not so much insist upon every other
proposition being ruled out of order as T do
that if you let other propositions come in that
are equally objectionable in point of order with
my own the Senate shall reconsider its vote
and let mine in. • 1
Mr. TRUMBULL. \[ make the point of
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, "(Mr. Hend-
ricks in the chair.) The Chair would submit
this question to the Senate except for the fact
that the Chair is of opinion that it is exactly
within the principle decided by the President
^of the Senate an hour since; and according to
the ruling of the regular occupant of the chair,
the Chair now holds this proposition to be out
of order.
Mr. SUMNER. T do not wish to take up
the time of the Senate. 1 had supposed the
proposition would be submitted in another form
without c&mpeliing me to take an appeal from
the decision of the Chair. If the Chair will
refer the disposition of it to the Senate that
the Senate may vote upon it that is all I desire.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That sug-
gestion is entirely agreeable to the Chair, and
so the question will be referred to the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. • The yeas and nays were
ordered on the amendment, and I should like
to have them oh the proposition in that form.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Chair can certainly
decide the question of order if he is clear in
his opinion as to the question of order without
referring to the Senate a question about which
he entertains no doubt.
Mr. GRIMES. It has been decided two or
three times already.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
has decided the question simply upon the pre-
cedent established an hour since, but upon the
suggestion of the Senator from Massachusetts
the Chair prefers to refer the question to the
Senate; and the question is, is the proposition
of the Senator from Massachusetts in order?
Is the Senate ready for-the question?
Mr. SUMNER. The yeas and nays have
been ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not on that question.
Mr. SUMNER. On the original proposi-
tion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. You can have them if
yoi#want them.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. They have
not been ordered on the question now before
the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I- ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. POMERO Y. I shall vote for this amend-
ment ofHhe Senator from Massachusetts when-
ever I can do so under the rules of the Senate.
I do not apprehend that I can vote for it under
the rule which has been adopted, and there-
fore I shall vote that it is out of order to intro-
duce it.
Mr. WILSON. I think we had better vote
on this proposition fairly, without any refer-
ence to this matter of rules. For myself' I must
say it does seem to me we ought to have the
privilege of amending this Lill as we choose.
As to the amendment itself, it is one of those
propositions that it is very hard to vote against;
and still I have not a shadow of doubt that
every one of these States will put this provision
in its constitution. The people there of all
parties are unanimous for it; and you might
just as well require that they shall plant corn
and cotton as a condition as to put this in ; but
still I can appreciate the moral effect of Con-
gress putting it in. There is not a man in
favor of restoring these States from here to
the Rio Grande who is not in favor of common
schools, and as strongly for them as we are
ourselves. There is nothing so strong in that
part of the country to-day as the proposition
to establish schools. Everybody is for it, of
all parties and of all kinds.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, whether this amendment is in order,
on which theyeas and nays have been ordered.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to call the roll.
_Mr. TIPTON (when his name was called)
said: Before casting my vote I roust say
again, I am about to cast another vote in oppo-
sition to what ought to be common sense, and
in opposition to what ought to be the usage
and the rule of the Senate. I suppose that I
must come to it, and confess that so beneficent
a proposition as that of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts is certainly out of order, and there-
fore I shall have to vote "no." That is the
condition in which we find ourselves humiliated
to-day.
The calling of the roll was concluded, and
the result announced—yeas 11, nays 22; as fol-
lows :
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Dixon, Drake, Eowler,
ITurlan, Howe, Boss. Sumner, Thayer, Wade, and
Wilson—11.
NATS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Bonkling,
Cragin, Davis, Edmunds, J?relinghuy§en, Grimes,
Henderson, Hcndricks, Howard, Johnson, Morrill
of Maine, Norton, Pattersou of New Hampshire,
Patterson of Tennessee, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Tipton,
Trumbull, Van Winkle, and Willey—22.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard. Cameron, Cattell, Cole,
Conness, Co'rbett, Doolittle, Serry, Fessenden, Guth-
rio, Morgan. Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye,
Saulsbury, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Williams,
and Yates—20.
So the amendment was ruled out of order.
Mr. SUMNER. I send to the Chair another
amendment, which I am very sure must be in
order, even under the stringent rule of the Sen-
ate. It is to insert the following proviso at the
end of section five:
Provided. That no person shall he disqualified as
member of any board of registration by reason of
race or color.
I will explain that amendment. I have been
told by gentlemen from Virginia that through-
out that extensive State, where the colored
vote is so numerous and is to exercise so
important an influence over the destinies of
the State, there is not a single colored person
on any board of registration; the general there
has excluded them. I feel that he was not
justified in so doing. He ought to have con-
stituted his boards of registration differently.
They should have had a certain reference to
the population, especially to the voters. They
have no such reference; and the object of my
amendment is to bring the bill in substantial
harmony with the facts.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. I bog to inquire whether
there is any doubt upon the law as it stands
now that men otherwise qualified are eligible,
notwithstanding they are black; and if there
be no doubt on that point, I should like to
know how the insertion of this provision will
curb the disposition of any commander to
make his selections among the whites rather
than among the blacks ?
Mr. SUMNER. I will answer the Senator,
for I am accustomed to that class of questions
on this floor. 1 remember when some two or
three years ago I felt it my duty to move on
one bill after another, that there should be no
exclusion from the cars on the railroads on
account of color, I was always encountered by
learned lawyers, and by none more constantly
than my excellent friend opposite, the Senator
from Maryland, [Mr. Johnson,] with precisely
the statement which my friend from New York
now makes, that in point of law it was unne-
cessary ; that under the actual law, the com-
mon law, there could be no exclusion on ac-
count of color; and yet, in the face of that
common law, Senators about me all know that
there was an exclusion from the cars on ac-
count of color, and the grossest outrages com-
mitted. Colored persons were precipitated
into the streets, into the mud, in the rain, and
they could get no remedy ; aijd when I asked
for a remedy, grave Senators said, '' let them
go to law ; let them apply to the courts and
