584
COATGEjESSIO^A5L &L0BE.
July 11,
penalty of .this kind at the end of the- biU,
which, as it appears to met we should xun
great risk in doing by entirely ousting-the mili-
tary jurisdiction of the commission which we
■ intend to try all objections to this measure op
the spot.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.Cameron,Chandler,-Sojirier,Grimes,
Harlan, Howard, Poujuroy, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton,
Wade, Williams, and'Yates—13,
NAYS—Messrs.Anfchony,Bayard, BuckaJew, Cat-
tell, Cragin,©avis,Dixo.n, Brake, Bdnjunds, Fessen-
den, Frelinghuyaen, Henderson, Hendricks, Howe,
Morrill of Maine, Norton, Wye, 'Patterson of New
Hampshire, Patterson of Tennessee, Ramsey, Ross,
Trumbull, Van Winkle, and Willoy—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Gole, Conklingr, Conness, Cor-
bott, Doolittle, Perry, 'Guthrie, Johnson, Morgan,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Saulsbury, Sherman,
Sprague, Stewart, and Wilson—10.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HOWARD. I offer an amendment to
insert at the end of section five, the following:
But in every ease of a refusal by the board to
register an applicant, and in every case of striking
his name from the list, as hereinafter .provided, the
board shall make a note or memorandum, which
shall be returned with the registration list to the
commanding goneral of the district, setting forth the
* grounds of such refusal or such such striking from
the list.
Mr. TRUMBULL. A great many amend-
ments have been proposed to this bill, which,
in themselves, seem right enough at first
blush, and this is of that character. But the
difficulty about this amendment, and some
others is, that it makes the bill so cumber-
some that we could never execute it. I sub-
mit to my friend from Michigan, that if all
the boards of registration in the South, of
which there must be hundreds, are required
to note down opposite the name of each per:
son whom they strike off the list or add to
the list, the reasons for so doing in brief, and
that is to go to the commanding general,
you will have a mass of returns that it will
be impossible to examine and pass upon ; and
by this provision you give the commanding
general no power to revise them. When he
gets them what is he to do ? It seems to me
that it will encumber the bill and will add
so much labor and machinery that it will be
difficult of execution. The object which the
Senator from Michigan has in view, of having
these lists correct, having nobody on them
who ought not to be on them, and everybody
admitted who ought to be admitted to register
and vote, I of course entirely concur in ; but
I think we had better leave the bill in this
respect as it is. This amendment would make
it so cumbersome that it would be difficult, if
not impracticable altogether, to execute it.
Mr. HOWARD. Undoubtedly the labor
implied by the amendment which I have
offered would somewhat increase the labors of
the various boards of registration; but we pay
those gentlemen for their services, and I sup-
pose we shall pay them liberally. 1 do not
apprehend that they will complain particu-
' larly of being kept in the public service under
good pay.
It will be observed, Mr. President, that a
very broad judicial discretion is given to the
various boards of registration by this bill. It is
for them to determine, according to the terms
of the bill, who shall be registered and who
shall not. Their judgment on that particular
question is absolutely final, and there is no
appeal from it to any tribunal or any person in
the world. I see the necessity plainly enough
of giving to these boards some judicial power,
some ability to inquire into the qualifications
of persons who present themselves for regis-
tration beyond and outside of the mere oath
which the applicant may take and present to
the board. I do not believe with the Attorney
General that even under the law as it now
stands, the taking of the oath is of itself con-
clusive to show that the applicant is a voter;
but in order to remedy that difficulty which has
been raised by the_ Attorney General, the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary of this body have very
properly incorporated in this bill a sort of judi-
cial authority to inquire and hear and decide
upon the qualifications' of applicants for regis-
tration ; but they put no sort of constraint or
qualification upon this power. The power is
of such a nature as expressed here that it may
be very easily abused. For instance, it is very
possible to occur that there will be boards of
registration who will take it into their heads
that a negro shall not be allowed to register
his name at all; and there is an opportunity
for the exercise of this power in every con-
ceivable whimsical way, much to the injury of
the honest applicant who is entitled to vote.
Again, the same unlimited discretion is given
to the board over the question of striking the
name of a person who has already registered
from .the list for causes which they may see fit
to be governed by. They are made responsible
to nobody. There can be no inquiry made
into their action.
The object of my amendment is a very simple
one. It is to require them, whenever they
reject an applicant, to state briefly, in the form
of a memorandum, not on the list itself, as seems
to .be the idea of the honorable Senator from
Illinois, but in some way—it may be upon a
separate piece of paper or in a separate book—■
the grounds of the rejection of the applicant;
and in eases where a name has been registered
and stricken off by the board, requiring them
to state the reasons why the name is stricken
off. These memoranda accompany the list of
registered voters, and pass into the hands of
the commander of the district. They are there
for preservation, of course. When these con-
stitutions have been made in pursuance of this
registration, and the election and ratification
by these same voters after the constitutions
have been made, they are to be submitted to
us for our examination; and unless we are sat-
isfied, in the language of the supplemental
act of March last, that the thing has been fair
and without fraud, we are not bound to ratify
the constitutions, or to admit the State into
the Union. This memorandum will therefore
be the only evidence which it will be in the
power of Congress to obtain, of an official
character, to demonstrate fraud, irregularity,
force, violence, or any other objection which
may in fact arise against the ratification of the
Constitution. We can send for them ; we can
call on the general himself, or by a call made
through the Secretary of War, or through the
General of the Army, we can obtain this same
information ; and I do not think that the mem-
oranda will be so voluminous as to make it
impossible for us to handle them or use them.
I differ somewhat from the Senator from
Illinois in that respect. I think they will not be
very voluminous, and that they will not greatly
increase the labor of the boards of registration.
But, after all, unless we enact some such
clause as this, these boards of registration may
exercise their authority unjustly, whimsically,
injuriously to the voters, or to some class
of voters, and the case be absolutely without
remedy, unless Congress should see fit to issue
a roving commission to take the testimony of
a thousand different witnesses to prove fraud
and irregularity in the election. I really think
the amendment had better be adopted.
Mr. CAMERON. I move that the Senate
take a recess until eight o'clock to-night.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not; I think this
is the last amendment to be offered. My friend
from Massachusetts told me he had no more.
I think we can get through with the bill in
thirty minutes.
Mr. CAMERON. I am afraid not. There
will be so many amendments offered.
Mr. CONKLING. Let us go on and try a
little while.
Mr. CAMERON. I think we had better
take a recess, and meet again at eight o'clock
this evening.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We do notwantto meet
in the evening if we get through the bill, and
I think we shall get through in thirty minutes
if the Senator will let us try.
Mr. CAMERON. Well, I will give you fif-
teen minutes. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am in favor of the
amendment .proposed by the Senator from
Michigan, for the simple reason that I think
it is the only restraint, check, or limitation that
is put upon these boards if they do wrong and
illegal things. There is no report provided for;
there is no mode of ascertaining what they are
doing, and there is no check. As this is a
check, I shall vote for the amendment.
The question" being put, there were on a
division—ayes 14, noes 11; no quorum voting.
Several Senators called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered ; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 11, as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. -Bayard, Buekalew, Cameron,
Chandler, Cragin, Davis. Drake, Grimes, Henderson,
Hendrieks, Howard. Howe, Morrill of Maine, Nye,
-Patterson of New Hampshire, Ross, Thayer, Wade,
Wilson, and Yates—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Conkling, Edmunds, I'es-
senden, Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Pomeroy, Ramsey,
Trumbull,! Van Winkle, and Wiile.v—11.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cattell. Cole, Conness, Corbett,
Dixon, Doolittle, Ferry, Guthrie, Harlan, Johnson,
Morgan, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Norton, Pat-
terson of Tennessee, Saulsbury, Sherman, Sprague,
Stewart, Sumner, Tipton, and Williams—22.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I rise, Mr. President, tostate
an objection to the passage of the bill and to
read a few authorities in support of that objec-
tion, not to occupy much of the time of the
Senate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator will
yield the floor, I will move that we take a
recess until seven o'clock.
Mr. SUMNER. Why not go right on now?
Mr. HENDRICKS. There are some per-
sonal reasons.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we may hold on
to this bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Kentucky is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CAMERON. I think it is evident that
we must have a night session.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not understand that
the Senator from Kentucky, who is entitled to
the floor, expresses any inclination for an ad-
journment ; on the contrary he is ready to
proceed ; and I do not see why other Senators
should interpose.
Mr. CAMERON. I believe the Senator
from Kentucky is willing to yield. I think it
will be more convenient to all of us to take a
reCess now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Kentucky yield the floor for the
motion that is indicated?
Mr. DAVIS. I am willing to abide the
pleasure of the Senate in relation to proceed-
ing or taking a recess; but my friend from
Missouri [Mr. Henderson] requests me to
give him the floor for a moment to offer an
amendment. I am disposed to afford him that
courtesy.
Mr. CAMERON. We shall have to occupy
a great part of the night before we get through
with this bill, and therefore I think we had
better take a recess, so that gentlemen may go
home and get their dinners and come back
here and go on. My motion is that the Sen-
ate now take a recess until eight o'clock this
evening.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I trust that motion will
not prevail. It is knowp, I presume, to the
members of the Senate that the House of Rep-
resentatives have taken a recess until that
hour, eight o'clock, with a view of acting upon
this bill to-night. I myself have been ap-
proached by some members of the House to
know if we could not get this bill through so
that they may have it to-night. There is great
anxiety to have early action upon it. We have
arrived at that stage in regard to the bill that
I think the amendments are entirely through,
except, perhaps, a verbal amendment which
my friend from Missouri [Mr. Henderson]
thinks of suggesting; and at this hour I think
we may finish the bill in a very short time, and
let the other House have it, and then we can
adjourn until to-morrow. There is no object
in our being here to-night. If we go away now
and come back after an hour or an hour and a
half, the result will bo that new debates will
