1867.
jG0JiF@-Ji51SS®9¥AIL <aiLG®g!.
spring up which are exhausted $X this -time,
and we _ shaM be Here perhaps through the
whole night, and pass the -bill some time to-
morrow morning; we all know what the.se
night sessions are; and by that course the
House of Representativ.es will ha>ve no .chance
to act on it te-pight. -I appeal to Senators,
when we have the bill in>tliis condition, .to stay
an hour and let us finish it. I hope the motion
for a recess will not prevail; -and on that .ques-
tion I call for the yeas and .nays.
Mr. CAMERON. Very well, Mr. pEesj-
4ent, I am never alarmed at anybody calling
{or'the yeas and n^ys, for I -think a Senator
aught .not-to be afraid .to cast his vote. Jiut,
sir, I do not believe this question is going to
be decided within half an hour, or an hour, or
an hour and -a half. If J did J should be
content to wait; but I believe it will take
hours,yet,to dispose of the bill, and I think it
is better for the interests of the country .that
ihe question should be decided deliberately.
I propose, therefore, that w,e now take a rgeess
until eight o'clock. I believe if we do not do
this we shall occupy a great part of the night.
I want to give my friends a chance to go homo
and come back prepared to dispose of the
measure in good feeling and temper. I think
we shall save time for ourselves and do good to
,the country by this course. You cannot cur-
tail this debate. My friend from New York
{Mr. Conkling] may smile as much as he
pleases. Young gentlemen think older ones
are not so wise as themselves. [Laughter.]
I want this question disposed of this week.
I want the bill to be sent to the President, and
I want him to take the responsibility of sign-
ing it or sending it back. If he does so at
once, we can go home; but if he does not,
we may have to wait ten days under the Con-
stitution until he decides. I do not know
what he will do; but it is for him to take the
responsibility. I hope we shall go away now
and come back three hours hence to listen to
what gentlemen have to say.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. On this
question the yeas and nays have been asked for.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion that the Senate now take
a recess till eight o'clock.
The question being put, the motion was de-
clared to be rejected.
Mr. CAMERON" called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered ; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 0, nays 25 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cameron, Chandler,
Davis, Hendricks, Norton, Ross, Thayer, and Wade.
—9.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Cattell, Conk-
Jiwr, Cragin, Brake, Edmunds, Fessanden, Freling-
huysen, Grimes. Henderson, Howard, Howe, Mor-
rill of Maine, Nye, Patterson of New Hampshire,
Patterson of -Tennessee, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sum-
ner, Trumbull, Yan Winkle, Willey, Wilson, and
•Yates—25.
ABSE3NT—^Messrs. Cole, Conness, Corbett, Dixon,
Doolittle, Ferry, Fowto, Guthrie, Harlan, Johnson,
Morgan, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Saulsbury,
Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Tipton, and Wil-
liams—19.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. Before the Senator
from Kentucky proceeds, I desire to suggest
an amendment in section seven, line nine, to
strike out the word "three" before the word
"days" and insert "five," so as to give five
days for an examination ofthe registration lists.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is merely extend-
ing the time two days, and persons somewhat
familiar with the registration in these States
seem to think three days is too short. I have
no objection to its being changed to five. -
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS addressed the Senate. [His
speech will be published in the Appendix.]
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ate as in Committee of the Whole have made
several amendments to the bill, and the ques-
tion is in concurring in the amendments made
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I ask for a separate
vote- op .the ,first amendment offered fry the
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson.]
The PRESIDENT pro temppre. Iha,t--will
be Excepted.
Mr. TRUM'BU'LL. That is t,J>e#mendnjeat
relating to the appointment of civilians ?
Mr. BUCKALEW. Yes, <skV
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let the vote 'fte
on all ^the other amendments togefljej, ,imlf $s
some Senator asks for.,a separate xote p# ,a
particular amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempw.e. If ther.e
be no objection, .the question wjll be t$£s'n ^>fi
concurring in all the other amendments, ovith
the-exception of the one named ,by-the^SeoSi.-
tor from "Pennsylvania. ' $
The remaining amendments .were concurred
in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Xhe .ques-
tion now is on concurring in the amendment
excepted by the Senator from Pennsylvania,
which will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was in section .two, line eighteen, after the
word "Army" to insert the words "or by .the
appointment of some other person ;" so ,as to
make the clause read
And upon such suspension or removal such com-
mander, subject to tlio approval of the goaeral afore-
said, shall have power to provide from time to timo
for the performance of the said duties of such officer
or person so suspended or romoved, by the detail .of
some competent olfioer or soldier of the Army, or by
the appointment of some other person to perform the
same.
Mr. BUCKALEW. -I desire to say a word
on that. This amendment was adopted, I
believe, by a vote of twenty to fifteen in com-
mittee, and a number of Senators who sup-
ported the amendment at that time did so
upon the ground of curtailing the military
authority and not confining'this work of recon-
struction to that class of appointees. Now,
sir, I do not know that I have a very clear
impression with regard to the whole ma-
chinery to be applied in the southern coun-
try under the former laws and under the
present; but I think the complexion of the
enactments, taken together, is extremely par-
tial; that they will in effect, if ntot in inten-
tion, be calculated to produce unfairness at
the elections. I do not know what was the
motive actuating the committee in providing
that these appointments should be confined to
military officers and subordinates. I believe
there has been no statement of the reasons
which operated on the committee to carefully
insert this provision in the bill.
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wil-
son] I believe stated that there were not offi-
cers enough already detailed on service in that
section to fill ijp all these boards, or to fill
up the vacancies in $11 these boards. It seems
to me our Army is sufficiently numerous for
that purpose, me know that we have a large
superabundance of officers, as compared with
the rank and file, in the military service, and
if there be a demand for officers of inferior
ranks liable to be appointed for the perform-
ance of these duties, I dare say there will be
little difficulty in detailing an adequate number,
and having the business pertaining ta elections,
so far as is contentemplated in the former laws,
carried on by military officers, making the whole
system Homogeneous throughout, and confin-
ing the action to the military ofthe country, who
will be responsible to the law and responsible
to public opinion. *
Now, sir, I am afraid that under the amend-
ment"of the Senator from Massachusetts—per-
haps he has not sufficiently considered the
effect of it, nor looked at the consequences—
these appointments will all become exclusively
partisan ; that they will be selected from the
most violent, perhaps the most unfair men
politically; and that a very considerable effect
will be produced upon these southern elections
in regard to fairness. We know that in the
large districts of country over -which these
laws operate there were few persons—scarcely
any persons of position, of standing, of capa-
city—who were not in some way connected with
tshe rebellion; and woder -these k.wa it -is im-
possible to appoiiat.persaii8-.to thesc.ofiices who
are^ not qualified to ,t(ik,e -whskt is called, in
derision sometimes, the " iron-clad oath."
That oath confines these appointments, there-
fore, to tw.o .classes of appointees, to ,wit,,mili-
tary officers or privates, and those fewpersons,
perhaps ■ not always men .of character and
•competency in .the southern communities, .who
can take that oath and who were not connected
jrith .the -rebellion,
-Now, sir, I would leave it :to-these military
-.eommnders, in waking tl*sse .selections, to
5de.ct .haaoi^bj.e -and .competent men .in the
-se-v,ersi,l cowmjujities where the work is to be
■done; ..and J ,s,ee -no ..more reason to confine
,thenj in itheir .choice in -this respect than .there
is to confine th.e -right ,of .voting at the elections
still more stringently than it is confined by the
former law.
By the acts passed in Maich the whole ma-
-phinei-y o.f -registering these voters is commit-
ted to our five military commanders. We know
that they all belong to the political majority in
their opinions. very extensive powers are
given them, not only in making these appoint-
ments, ,hut -in superintending the whole pro-
ceeding' afterward,; and you give them ppwer
to fill all yaQameieg. Thej go to their work
with the inclination on their minds, or the dis-
position on their minds, to favor a political
party in the administration of this system. If
they do not carry it beyond the bounds of fair-
ness and justice we cannot complain. Then,
in the next place, you have spread within this
whole section of the country the machinery of
your Freedmen's Bureau, with its numerous
agents and its enormous disbursements of the
public money; and we know that all the ap-
pointees of that Bureau sympathize politically
with the party in the majority, and that taken
together they constitute an enormous political
influence, distributed through the whole of this
section of country with which our legislation
is concerned.
Now, sir, by the present supplement which
you are about to pass, you give to these mili-
tary commanders additional powers over this
proceeding of the election. They are to appoint
all the persons who are to hold the elections,
every election officer; and the presumption is,
that there will not be a single appointee put
upon those boards, in view of the fact that
they are required to take the iron-clad oath,
and in view of the fact that they are appointed
by these military commanders, whose politi-
cal sympathies are not in a particular direc-
tion ■, or at all events, so far as appointments
from the Army arc concerned, they will be
men who do not sympathize with the South or
entertain any secession proclivities.
Now, the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts is to permit appointments to be
made out of the political class of civilians to
complete these appointments and make the
political complexion of this machinery com-
plete and sweeping from beginning to end. Is
it not sufficient when you exclude the men who
participated in the rebellion from having any-
thing to do with the registry or the holding of
the election? Is not that a sufficient guaranty ?
If it be possible, then, to appoint military
officers of inferior rank under these command-
ers, who will select prudent and proper men
no doubt, if it be possible to appoint such
persons to hold these elections, there will be a
greater guarantee against fraud, against injus-
tice, and against infamy and disgrace as con-
nected with these elections. It looks to me
that we do require some provision of this kind
in the form in which it was reported from the
committee to secure this system from falling
entirely into the control of a political interest
inflamed by warm and ardent passions, and
making the whole system of reorganization
odious. .
Now, sir, I submit to the inevitable. I take
these laws as they have been passed. I obey
them as a citizen. I respect them, so far as I
am called upon to respect them, in my public
ctjpacity. I am, for the time being at least,
