1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
587
Mr. TRUMBULL. I withdraw the motion
for that purpose.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope the Senator from
Illinois will withdraw his motion for a moment
in order that we may 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I only withdraw it for
the purpose of allowing the Chair to lay some
papers before the Senate.
Mr. CAMERON. I think the Senator from
Illinois will withdraw the motion when I ap-
peal to his kindly feelings. I know he will,
for I am sure he has a warm heart. Here is
the case of a boy who, by no wrong or fault
on his part, is excluded from examination;
and all we ask is that you suspend your rule
for a moment to allow this joint resolution to
be passed, which merely gives him a chance to
be examined as to his qualifications for the
Academy. Who knows but that by sending
him there yon may send one who will prove
to be a most able man when his time of service
comes?
Mr. TRUMBULL. We are gainyig nothing
by this debate. I insist on the motion to ad-
journ, unless there be a desire to lay before
the Senate the papers on the President's desk.
pacific railroad.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, laid before
the Senate a communication of the Secretary
of the Interior, transmitting, in compliance
with a resolution of the Senate of the 6tli of
March last, the report of Brevet Brigadier
General Simpson on the Pacific railroad and
branches, submitted to the Secretary in Feb-
ruary, 1867.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that those papers
lie on the table.
Mr. HOWARD. And be printed.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope they will not be
printed.
The motion to lay on the table was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. I withdraw the motion to
print until there can be an examination of the
papers.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I renew the motion to
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, July 11, 1867.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
members sworn in.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I desire to announce
that Mr. Richard D. Hubbard and Mr. Wil-
liam H. Barnum, members-elect from the State
of Connecticut, are now present, and desire to
take the oath of office.
Messrs. Hubbard and Barnum presented
themselves, and were duly qualified by taking
the oath prescribed by law.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the consideration of the concurrent resolu-
tion relative to adjournment, which was pend-
ing when the House adjourned last evening.
On this question the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Boutwell] has twenty-five min-
utes of his hour remaining.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I have agreed to yield
temporarily to several gentlemen who desire
to introduce business to which I understand
there will bo no objection.
american ship-building interest.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution:
Resolved, That the. Committee on Commerce bo
instructed to inquire into the causes of the present
decline of the ship-building interest in America; how
far such depression is attributable to Congressional
enactment, and how far it may be remedied by legis-
lation, and to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. ALLISON. I object.
bounties oe deceased soldiers.
Mr. MOORHEAD, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs,
when appointed, be requested to inquire into the
expediency of amending the act of 28th July, 1866,
giving additional bountios to soldiers, so as to pro-
vide that, in ease of thedeath of the soldier, after his
discharge from" the service and before receiving the
bounty, the same shall be allowed to his heirs.
privilege of recording votes. ■
Mr. ROBINSON. I ask unanimous consent
to make a motion to suspend the rules for the
purpose of allowing to the gentleman from
Connecticut, [Mr. Hubbard,] just sworn i ,
the privilege of recording his vote, as he desires
to do, upon the reconstruction bill passed by
the House on the day before yesterday.
The SPEAKER. That would be contrary
to the rules of the House. The Chair has no
knowledge that the rules have over been sus-
pended to allow any gentleman, not a member
of the House at the time of the passage of a
bill, to record subsequently his vote upon it.
If the gentleman from New York [Mr. Robin-
son] desires to test the question, he can do so
at some time when there is no privileged ques-
tion pending. Such a thing as the gentleman
proposes has never been done heretofore.
maurice rice evans.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. I desire
unanimous consent to introduce a joint resolu-
tion authorizing the Secretary of the Navy to
admit to examination Maurice Rice Evans for
admission to the .Naval Academy in September
next; and before the question is put I ask con-
sent to make a brief explanation.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to allow-
ing the gentleman from New York [Mr. Van
Horn] to make a statement?
There was no objection.
Mr. VAN HORN, of_ New York. _ Mr.
Speaker, when I was notified to send in the
name of a candidate for appointment as a cadet
in the Naval Academy, I supposed, misappre-
hending the law, that I could wait as I have
done heretofore in reference to such nomina-
tions, as well as the nominations for appoint-
ment to .West Point; and hence I postponed
sending in a name until I should come to
Washington to attend the present session. I
went to the Department this morning for the
purpose of presenting the name which I have
for some time intended to present, that the
candidate might be examined next September,
when, as members will recollect, there is to be
an examination of those who did not appear at
the examination held between the 20th of June
and the 1st of July. I find, however, that the
young ihan whom I had intended to nominate
will be eighteen years of age next August,
while the law provides that the applicant for
admission must be between the ages of fourteen
and eighteen at the time of examination. But
for my misapprehension of-the law this young
man would have presented himself at the
examination in June last. All I desire now is
that the Secretary of the Navy be authorized
to admit to examination this young man in
September next when others are to be exam-
ined, in the same manner as though ho had
appeared in June.
Mr. WOOD. Will the gentleman from New
York allow mo to ask him whether this appli-
cant is black or white ?
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. He is
white. I can see no objection to the introduc-
tion of the resolution.
There was no objection.
The joint resolution was read a first and sec-
ond time, ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the joint resolu-
tion was passed; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the tabie.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. FON, by unanimous consent, was per-
mitted to record his vote in the negative on the
bill reported from the select Committee on
Reconstruction and passed "day before yester-
day.
j impeachment.
The SPEAKER, The gentleman from Mas-
sSchusetts is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Mr. Speaker, I do not,
so far as I am concerned, propose to defer any
further to the action of the committee. I be-
lieve _that_ the committee have acted in good
faith in this matter, hut I am willing to trust
to the judgment of the House as to whether
there shall be a session in October.
The suggestion of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Spalding] is objectionable to me in this
particular in addition to the objection I made
yesterday to his proposition, that the assembling
of Congress in October should be contingent
on the will of the majority to appear; and that
reason is this: we know to-day distinctly and
as well as we shall know in October next
whether it is expedient to meet in October for
the purpose of hearing the report of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary and discussing the sub-
ject finally on that report. But 1 do think it
is due in view of the gravity of this proceeding
itself with reference to the charge before the
House and a new proceeding in the history of
this Government that will stand as a precedent
for good or for evil; I say, sir, that it is due
to the dignity of this House, to the reputation
of the person accused, and to the character of
the proceeding which shall remain after we
have passed away, that we should find the time
necessary for a fair and just judicial consider-
ation of this question, and that we should not
leave the matter to be involved in the mazes
of party warfare which must exist during the
next twelve months. It is an objection put-
ting aside personal considerations, and putting
aside considerations involved in the elections
in certain States which cannot take place until
N o vember next; but it may be well suggested to
gentlemen here who are personally anil locally
concerned in November next that the discus-
sions may go on here if a quorum be present,
and perhaps a quorum can be commanded in
their place; and as what is said here is matter
of public record, they can form a judgment on
the proceedings nearly, if not quite, as well
absent from the House as if present, 'it being
only necessary that a quorum should be here
for the purpose of considering this matter.
Therefore if the House is ready for the vote I
will call for the previous question.
Mr. PIKE. 1 appeal to the gentleman to
let me offer an amendment to adjourn until
the 11th of November.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I cannot consent to
that. My conviction of the necessity of our
meeting in October is so great that I cannot
yield to it on my own judgment, but I shall
accept the determination of the House.
Mr. PIKE. Let mc say, then, that I propose
to move an amendment, if I get the floor, to
adjourn until the 11th of November, without
any reference to the question of impeachment.
I do not think that this House should hasten
its meeting one day on account of the impeach-
ment. I do not believe that the country wants
to involve this question of impeachment in its
business, as it must lead only to disturbance.
I believe the country wants peace, that it
wants time to recover from the waste of the
war; and so far as the individual in the White
House is concerned, it seems to me to stand
in this way: that after having destroyed him
politically, the only question that remains is
whether we shall mangle his corpse. [Laugh-
ter.] For one 1 do not wish to excite the
public sympathy in that way.
While saying this I do not wish to preclude
any action on facts not within my knowledge.
If tlie Judiciary Committee have facts not
within the public knowledge sufficient to war-
rant impeachment, then, sitting here in my
capacity of a Representative, I shall vote for
it; but so far as public developments are con-
cerned, for one I believe I act in consonance
with the sentiments of the country, as I know
I do with my own sense of right, if I shall not
vote for that impeachment.
