588
THE COFGRESSHWAL GLOB®.
July 11,
I place my motion to amend.on other grounds.
I desire an eaflier meeting of Congress so that
we may have an .earlier adjournment in the
spring. I think if we meet in November we
may adjourn in May, and that the public busi-
ness will be mueh better done: that it will be
more fully and properly considered inNovem-
fcer and December than in June and July next
year. I hope, therefore, the previous question
will be voted-down,so J may have«i oppor-
tunity to move my amendment.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker, it is coming to what I supposed it
would. There seems to be an idea growing
in certain -quarters of the House that the
President was.an innocent man, that he was a
suffering man, that the country sympathized
with him, and that Congress had been wrong
all the time. It was coming to be the idea in
certain quarters that it was vastly better to
have a man "in the White House who had per-
sistently refused to execute the laws, and who
would refuse to execute them, than a man
who would execute them if be had the oppor-
tunity. When the .gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Pike] said that the country did not want
impeachment, he must have meant the coun-
try "away down East." [Laughter.] So far
as the country about Lancaster was concerned
there had never been any difficulty about it.
1 believe that the whole country believe that
articles of impeachment ought to have been
reported long ago. I believe that the delay is
not in accordance with the sense of the com-
munity, is not in accordance with their sense
of justice or propriety.
I have said this much in answer simply to
the remarks of the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Pike,] which I do notbelieveexpressthe
views of one out of every hundred of the gen-
uine Republicans of this country. I thank the
gentleman from Massachusetts for his indul-
gence, and I will not trespass longer upon it,
only wishing that the House might order a
report at least partially at this session, so that
the country may understand whether there is
anything worthy of impeachment, or whether
this movement is all against an innocent man,
in whoso favor gentlemen will vote against all
impeachment.
Mr. SPALDING. I ask the indulgence
of the gentleman from Massachusetts for one
moment. .
Mr. BOUTWELL. I will yield fora moment.
Mr. SPALDING. I said yesterday that at
the conclusion of this debate I should inter-
pose a motion to lay this resolution on the
table. I give notice now that I shall not do
that if the previous question is voted down,
but shall offer an amendment to the same effect
as the resolution under which Congress is now
assembled, namely, that we meet, provided a
quorum appears in each House, on the 10th
day of October next, the same day named in
the resolution. I have drawn up such an
amendment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Piice] has already given notice of
an amendment if the previous question should
not be seconded, which is anterior to the notice
of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. SPALDING. Very well.
« Mr. PIKE. Will the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts yield for a moment?
Mr. BOUTWELL. Yes, sir.
Mr, PIKE. I wish to say to the distinguished
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]
that I do represent a district down East,"
and am proud of it; and in my judgment the
constituents of a member from " down East"
have the same rights to be heard here as those
of the district of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania or any other district, and I propose while
I am here to assert them. In relation to the
present occupant of the presidential chair I
have stated the popular sentiment of the coun-
try, as I understand it. It is one question
whether he has discharged the duties of his
office acceptably, and quite another question
whether with him for a foot-ball this House
shall enter upon the game of President-making.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania may wish
to do it, but I do not. The practice is well out
of vogue ever since the days of Crawford, and
I am not inclined to resuscitate it. I am
entirely willing to leave that question to the
proper convention tobe selected m the custom-
ary way next year, and I am un.willing_ by our
action here to inaugurates movement in favor
of one aspirant or another; and that is the
matter that now underlies in,toy jndgmeuUhis
most intense agitation on the question of im-
peachment.
Mr. BROMWELL. I wish to say a word
tin this question.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I will yield.
Mr. BROMWELL. In my opinion this
House cannot console itself with any such
reflection as that it can pass this subject over.
This matter has gone too far for any House of
Representatives to ignore the proceedings of
this committee; and, whether it be in October
or in January next, this House must sift the
evidence, and must take some action either for
or against the present incumbent of the presi-
dential chair. The country demands this at
pur hands, and I know of no district of coun-
try in all the regions with which I have any
acquaintance that considers this question un-
worthy the attention of the House. The peo-
ple have chafed under the delay; they -are
angered at this hour because the House has
not, in their opinion, sufficient energy in in-
quiring into the merits of this controversy
between the people and the acting President.
The people are weary with the delay in hunt-
ing up specialties and trifles when the grand,
glaring fact stares them in the face that the
Chief Magistrate has met both the last and the
present Congress with the assumption of com-
plete legislative power, exercising every attri-
bute of a despot in this country, while Con-
gress stood still and submitted.
The Thirty-Ninth Congress lingered out its
life and never raised its voice in resistance.
But the people are not so easy to be entreated,
in my opinion, as the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Pike] seems to think. I cannot conceive
to what community in the United States he
alludes when be draws the conclusion that
the people are going to be satisfied with our
ignoring the question of impeachment. They
will not do it, sir. We may go on with it now;
we jnay go on with it in October; we may put
it off until March; but I tell you that whether
we decide one way or the other, the question
must be met by this House and be decided. I
feel that I can certainly speak for the entire
West when I say that they demand this of the
House of Representatives of the United States.
I know not what has influenced the Committee
on the Judiciary or whether they have had suf-
ficient time or not; but the people begin to
think, considering the length of time spent in
their investigation, it is about time that they
should have discovered whether there is any-
Hhing to be done, and the people demand to
know whether they have made such a dis-
covery, and to know it at once. It is no ques-
tion of President-making. The very first prin-
ciple, the very life of the Republic, is involved
in the question whether there has been an im-
peachment offense committed by the President
or not. It is not a question to be decided in a
day. It will take time ; but it is to be done
and it will be done. The people will demand
it. What we want to know is, what is the
earliest possible day on which the committee
can report upon this question; and let that be
the day for the reassembling of this Congress,
not for the purpose of impeaching the Pres-
ident, but for the purpose of deciding the
question whether there has been any impeach-
able offense for us to try.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I will yield now for a
moment to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Farnsworth. ]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It seems to me that
the duty of Congress is very plain in regard to
this matter. For a long time this question of
impeachment has been discussed both in Con-
gress and out of it, through the newspapers
and by the people. The Committee on the
Judiciary have spent months and months in
taking testimony in-regard to the charges against
the President.
Now what is the duty of Congress? What
do the people demand? It seems to me that
our first duty is to require the Committee on
the Judiciary to report the testimony they have
already taken *to the House that it may be
printed, so that members of Congress and the
people of the country may form a judgment
with regard to its effect. Our next duty is to
adjourn until such day in the fall when mem-
bers shall have had an opportunity of examin-
ing the testimony and the people of the country
shall have examined it, and we can then come
together duly informedas to the facts. It is not
so material that the committee should report
their own conclusion at this time. We can form
our own conclusions from the testimony, and
so can the people of the country. The com-
mittee can present their conclusion when we
assemble .again; but in the mean time let the
testimony which has been taken be reported to
the House and printed, and let us have an
opportunity of examining it. I do not wish to
prolong this discussion. I have no certain idea
whether Mr. Johnson ought to be impeached
or not. I have some general idea, but I do not
know what the testimony is. It seems to me,
however, that if the committee was going to
take any testimony on the question they must
have taken it now. I give notice that I will at
the proper time offer a resolution requiring the
Committee on the Judiciary to report the testi-
mony they have taken.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I yield now to my col-
league on the Judiciary Committee from Ohio,
[Mr. Lawrence.]
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
I do not rise for the purpose of discussing the
resolution now before the House. I desire
simply to enter my protest against the remarks
made by the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Pike. ]
He said, if I understood him correctly, that
this proposition for impeachment is simply a
scheme for "President-making." Sir, I repu-
diate that allegation as utterly unfounded and
unwarrantable. I say to the gentleman that
those who are in favor of impeachment are
actuated by as pure motives as those who are
opposed to it. I will not say, sir, that the gen-
tleman from Maine is opposed to impeachment
in order that he may prevent a particular man
from becoming President of the United States;
yet 1 might make that allegation with quite as
much truthfulness and with quite as much evi-
dence to sustain it as the allegation which has
been made by the gentleman himself.
The gentleman tells us that the people, at
least in his part of the country, are not in
favor of impeachment. How does he know
what will be the opinion of the people in any
pari of the country when they have seen and
read and" considered all the testimony upon
this subject ? Does any gentleman here ex-
pect that this question can be staved off, and
that there shall be no consideration given to
it? It is, as has been properly stated by the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Bnojtwuhi,,] a
question that must be met; and gentlemen
may as well prepare to "face the music" now
as at any other time.
If the President of the United Slates shall
not be found guilty of high crimes and misde-
meanors when the evidence shall be presented
against him, then, sir, it is due to this House,
to him, and to the country that he should have
the verdict of this body upon that question,
and have it speedily. If lie is guilty the coun-
try has a right to know it and to have the con-
stitutional rempdy applied.
Mr. BOUTWELL. The gentleman will
excuse me for interrupting him; but I believe
I cannot yield to him further, as I have prom-
ised a few minutes to the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Ross.]
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Very well,
sir ; I am sorry that I have not more time ;
but I yield, of course.
Mr. ROSS. Mr. Speaker, I am somewhat
