1867.
mm ow&RissiesM, ©torn
surprised to hear: gentlemen.on this.floot-giisre.
their opinion as to what, they- will- 'do iujrela'
tion to- impeachment. For my- p'art^ I am
unable to determine what I shall, do. As. I.
understand, we have had a committee investi-
gating this subject. The evidence taken before
that committee has never been.laid before the
House; and consequently I do not understand
how gentlemen can determine the manner in.
which they will vote, whether for or against
impeachment.
All I-desire to say on-this subject is that in
my judgment the time has come when this
question should be brought before the House
and the country for action. I do not pretend
to say what my action will be in the case. I
do not think any one.can intelligently tell what
his action will be before he has an opportu:
nity to read and examine with car.e the testis
mony which has been collected by the com-
mittee. But, sir, it must bo apparent to this
House that the continuation of this subject in
its present position before the country tends to
paralyze the interests of the nation ; and that
the question should be determined in one way
or the other.
Now, sir, in my judgment1 the committee has
had sufficient time to collect the evidence ; and
we owe it to ourselves and to the country, to
require the committee to report at once to this
House, the testimony they have taken. If the
chairman is not prepared with his report upon
the testimony, give him time ; but the House
and the country are entitled to have before
them the testimony which has been taken, and
for one I am ready and willing to vote that the
testimony be presented at once for our consid-
eration and that of the people.
There is no propriety in procrastinating a
subject of this kind. If the President has been
guilty of that class of offenses with which he
has been charged, we owe it to ourselves and
to the country to impeach him at once. If he
is innocent, that fact should be established
that the country may be at rest. I have said
that the continued suspense in regard to this
question is paralyzing the industrial interests
of the country. We feel it all over the great
West. We want peace and quiet. We want
this disturbing element removed. If the Pres-
ident is guilty, let him be impeached and re-
moved at once. If he be not guilty, then let
us so declare.
I know no reason why the committee should
take so long a time to investigate this subject.
It has, in my judgment, been before them long
enough. As I understand, the sittings of the
committee have been secret; yet gentlemen
come here and announce how they are going
to vote on the question of impeachment, al-
though the evidence has not yet been pre-
sented. Why, sir, you might as well expect a
juror to say on entering the jury-box and be-
fore he hears the testimony what will be his
verdict on the case he is to try.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Boot-
well] that if he desires to move the previous
question his hour is just about to expire.
Mr. BOUTWELL. 1 demand the previous
question.
The previous question was not seconded,
there being—ayes 36, noes 84.
Mr. PIKE. I move to amend by making it the
11th of No'vemberinstead of the 16th of October.
A Member. Say the 13th.
Mr. PIKE. It .is suggested I should say
Wednesday, the 13th of November, instead
of the 16th, and I adopt that as a modifica-
tion of my amendment. I will merely state
that I do this irrespective of the impeachment
and irrespective of the President-making. If
I am mistaken about Presideut-making, gen-
tlemen know their own motives ; but. I only
speak from what I observe and what I sup-
pose to be the ease.
Mr. SPALDING. I hope the gentleman
will yield to me to submit an amendment. It
is as follows :
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert
in lieu thereof, the following: ,
That tho President of the Senate and the Speaker oi
the HouBB.aredrerebyi(Jireeted, upon the adjournment
of their respective Houses, to adjourn the sanl& to tho
16th day of October, 1867, at twelve o'clocK m.,when
the roll ofeaeh House shall becalled, artd'immedmtely
thereafter the Presiding Officer, of- each House shall
cause the Presiding Officer of the other to be informed
whether or not a quorum of its body has appeared,
and thereupon if a quorum of the two Houses, respect-
ively, shall not have appealed- upon suen' call of the
roll, til® Presidentof the Senate and the Speaker of
the House of Bopresentatives shall' immediately
adjourn their respective Houses without day.
Mr. PIKE. I' told the- gentleman that? I
would permit him to offer that amendm-ent
and then call for the previous question'.
Mr. SCH'ENCK. f rise- to a- question- of'
order ; and my question- of- order-is that it is
not competent for this House! to entertain any
such resolution as that made in the shape of
the amendment of my collteague.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his reasons, and then the Ghair will give his
decision.
Mr. SCHENCK. That resolution proposes,
in the language of'the resolution passed before-
the late recess, that there shall be a meeting
ordered, and if less than a quorum appear then
the Presiding Officers of the Senate and House
of Representatives shall adjourn Congress
without day. I thought it a strange resolution,
unprecedented, and did not believe it a con-
stitutional one when passed before. Full re-
flection on the subject, and'-an examination as
to whether I was right or wrong, has thoroughly
satisfied me that we have no right to entertain
such a resolution.
The Congress of the United States, as such,
has certain general powers conferred upon it
by the Constitution. Besides that, there is a
contingency provided for, that if upon assem-
bling it shall on any occasion find itself without
a quorum it shall have a power it would not
otherwise possess, and given to it by the Con-
stitution, to adjourn from day to day and com-
pel the attendance of absent members. But
this proposition is thatjCongress shall convene,
and if it finds itself without a quorum then the
rule which the Constitution applies shall not
prevail, and Congress will make for itself a
different rule.  
Mr. SPALDING- rose.
Mr. SCHE.NCK. I think I know what-will
be the ruling, of the-Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair allows the gen-
tleman to argue his point at full length.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think this House, per-
haps a majority of the members, will take a
ditferent view of this subject; but, nevertheless,
feeling convinced, as I am, that there is reason
in what I present, I wish to go upon the record
*as one member who objects to any such ex-
traordinary measure.
Taking this view of the matter I prepared
before the meeting of Congress a resolution
covering this point in the resolution under
which we are now assembled; and I was grat-
ified on the meeting of the Senate to find a
distinguished member of that body entering a
protest because the matter had struck his mind
in the same way. It proved that I was not
entirely alone in my opinion. As that reso-
lution embodies the objections I make to this
resolution, I will read it. It is as follows:
Resolved, That in order that the resolution under
which this House of ltepresentatives and the Fortieth
Congress have assembled at the present session may
not be drawn into a precedent for the mture, it is
hereby declared, that although the two Houses may
by such concurrent resolution fix the time at which
they are to meet after a recess oradjournment, yet
is is not competent by such resolution to prescribe m
advance to Congress what alone it shall be m their
power to do when so assembled.
My objection then, sir, as embodied in that
resolution, and as I make it now, is this: Con-
gress has powers prescribed by the Constitu-
tion. They are general when Congress finds
itself with a quorum in each body composing
Congress prepared to do business. Ihere is
a special power when that case does not occur,
and when each House finds itself without a
quorum. How is it when there is not a quorum
present? The Constitution then intervenes
and makes a rule. When Congress finds itself
assembled without a quorum in either branch
the Constitution prescribes what it can do,
what it may def, what; if i t-chooses, it must1 do;
but'gives no latitude to any other' l50dy,'0r*ta-
the body itself; outside oi? its- action-when tlie
case occurs, to prescribe in' advance tira-t' ifr
shall do certain things, and'only certain things-
I say that the power of Congress, therefore1, to,
take a recess or to adjourn is limited-to fixing"
a time wh«n> it shall reassemble-; and) when
reassembled, the-Constitution-intervenes, and;
if'there be a quorum present1, provides-that- it
may go on and exercise- its general powers,
but-if there be no quorum, that ifc'sftall: t'fSVfy
the specific power to adjourn from day-*)' day,.
and-eompel- the attendance of absent members.
An attempt) therefore, to prescribe in advance
a rule by which' you shall disarm thev Congress"
of tlie' United-'States of its- power to-legislate-,
or of its power to compel the attendance of
absent members, is to substitute your rule for
the Constitution. That is the- point of order
which Bmake; and'these are-my reasons.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from- Ohio
[Mr. Spalding] offers a substitute for the
pending resolution-, which has- been read' by
the Clerk. His colleague [Mr. S-chestck]
makes the point that it is unconstitutional and
not in accordance withparliamentary law. The
Chair has desired the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schenck] to explain and argue his point
at length-, which he has done-with clearness, as
he always does. The Chair, differing in ioto
from the- conclusion- of the- gentleman, over-
rules the point of order. The Clerk1 will read
the fourth clause of the fifth section of the
Constitution.
The Clerk read it, as follows:
Each House shall be tho judg,o of tho election, re-
turns, and qualifications of its own members, and a
majority of each shall constitute a-quorum to do
business. But a smaller number may adjourn from
day to clay, and may be authorized to compel the
attendance of absent members in such manner and
under such penalties as each IIouso may provide.
The SPEAKER. The first part of that
clause declares that " each House shall be the
judge of the election, returns, and qualifica
tions of its own members, and a majority of
each shall constitute a quorum to do business.''
This is the broad charter given in the Consti-
tution by wh'ich the two Houses transact all
their legislative business. It includes, of
course, within its range of power the authority
to lay down an order of business, to decide
when they shall meet, and what business they
shall or shall not take up when they do meet.
This is the power conferred by the Constitution
upon a quorum of each House.
The clause then concludes by giving certain
powers to less than a quorum. "A smaller
number may adjourn from day to day and may
be authorized to compel the attendance of
absent members, but in such manner and under
such penalties as each House may provide."
They must, therefore, compel tho attendance
of absent members in such manner as each
House (which means a quorum thereof) shall
have provided anterior to that time. It, fol-
lows, the Chair thinks, by the plain reading
of the Constitution, that a minority of each
House, less than a quorum, cannot have, as
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sches-ck]
argues, larger power than a majority of each
House sitting as a legislative body. If the
point of order made is correct, less than a
quorum has more power than more than a
quorum, an anomaly never rceognized by par-
liamentary law, nor conferred by the Constitu-
tion, in the opinion of the Chair. The limita-
tion of the power of less than a quorum is
absolute. They may do certain things in such
manner and form and under such penalties as
each House (which means^ a majority thereof)
shall have previously provided.
The Chair therefore overrules the point of
order on three grounds : first, thatboth Houses
of Congress at the opening meeting of the first
session of this Congress considered this pro-
vision of the Constitution when it declared for
exactly such an adjournment as is provided
for in the pending resolution. That is a par-
liamentary precedent not questioned at that
time, as the Chair understands, by any mem-
