1867,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
591
Union Prisoners: Mr. Shanks, Mr. Pile, Mr.
Habding, Mr. Stevens of New Hampshire,
and Mr. Mumgen.
committee of elections.
The SPEAKER also announced that he had
appointed Mir. Chanler to fill the vacancy on
the Committee of Elections caused by the res-
ignation of Mr. Nicholson.
mathew somers.
On motion of Mr. HALSEY, by unanimous
consent leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in the
case of Mathew Somers. *
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
On motion of the Spe'aker. indefinite leave
of absence was granted to Mr. Garfield.
republican government.
Mr. BROOMALL, by unanimous consent,
introduced .a bill to guarantee to the several
States of the Union a republican form of gov-
ernment; which was "Vead a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
election contest symes vs. trimble.
Mr. PAINE. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I offer the following resolution:
Kesohed, That G.G. Symes, contestant of the claim
of L. S. Trimble to a seat in thisHoube as the repre-
sentative of the first district of Kentucky, be per-
mitted to serve an amended or supplementary notice
of contcst within ten days after the passage of this
resolution, and that L. S. Trimble be permitted to
serve his answer thereto within thirty days after the
service thereof.
Mr. RANDALL. Is this by conseut of the
two parties?
Mr. PAINE. It is not by the consent of
Mr. Trimble, but it is by the consent of the
contestant. I have submitted this matter to
the chairman of the Committee of Elections;
and he has informed me two courses are
customary: on® is to apply to the House for
liberty to serve an amended notice after the
expiration of the time, and the other to serve
a notice, and then come in at the next session
of Congress and ask it to abide by the action
of the contestant. It seems to me, however,
that inasmuch as the House is now in session it
would bo but fair that the contestant (pake his
application now. Otherwise the House at the
next session might ask him why he did not
ask for leave to serve notice before. The chair-
man of the committee has no objection to this
resolution.
Mr. RANDALL. I move a reference to the
Committee of Elections.
Mr. PAINE. I will state, for the benefit
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, that the
reason why it is necessary to take a course like
this is that the time for serving notice under
the law has expired some two days ago. But
for that it would be competent for the contest-
ant to serve his amended notice without leave
of the House.
Mr. RANDALL. I merely want to remark
that this is a very unusual procedure. The
gentleman himself admits that the time has
expired, evidently indicating that up to a very
recent period and subsequent to the time of
the expiration of notice this contestant never
dreamed he had any right to contest the seat,
or there was no use whatever in attempting it.
Now, if I understand it, the objection to the
admission of Mr. Trimble is alleged disloyalty.
He was elected by some seven thousand ma-
jority over the gentleman who jiow comes
forward to contest his seat. Under such cir-
cumstances it occurs to me that the question
should be considered as originally presented,
whether Mr. Trimble is disloyal or not, and
not whether Mr. Symes shall contest his seat;
because if Mr. Trimble is disloyal then the
seat is vacant, Mr. Symes not having given
proper notice of contest within the time that
the law requires.
Mr. PAINE. I have not heard all the.gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania has said, but I
apprehend from the tenor of what I have heard
that he confounds this case with another which
has been brought before the House. In this
case the notice was being served; and if it is
true, as the gentleman has asserted, that this is
not the usual procedure, the only reason is this:
that heretofore there has been no session of
Congress after the election before the session
at which the contest was tried, and therefore it
has been usual for contestants to first serve the
amended notice and then come into the House
and ask it to ratify their action; and I believe
the House has invariably done so where the
action was taken on good grounds. I now
demand the previous question.
The previous question was-seconded—ayes
04, noes 26, and the main question ordered;
and under the operation thereof the resolution
was agreed to.
Mr. PAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
15lakely vs. iiise, (deceased.)
Mr. PAINE. 1 rise to another question of
privilege. I offer the following preamble and
resolution. The preamble will explain itself:
Whereas George D. Blakely asks for admission to
this House as a Representative from the third dis-
trict of Kentucky, and his competitor, Elijah Hise,
having died beioro the votes were canvassed, and no
other person claiming a scat in this House as a Rep-
resentative of said district, this ease is not provided
for by any statute of the United States, but is subject
to the provisions of the Constitution: Therefore,
Resolved, That in this case transcripts of official
records and files, and of extracts therefrom and ab-
stracts thereof, duly certified under seal by the
clerks of the several county courts -in said district,
shall be competent evidence before the Committee
of Elections and before this House of the facts thorein
shown. +
I demand the previous question on this res-
olution, unless the chairman of the Committee
of Elections prefers that it should be referred
to the Committee of Elections.
Mr. SPALDING. I hope the gentleman
will allow it to go to the committee.
Mr. PAINE. I will do so only in case the
chairman desires it.
Mr. ROSS. I rise to a question of order.
I do not think this is a privileged question.
There is no report from a committee.
The SPEAKER. Everything affecting the
right of a member to a seat is a question of
privilege, although the House may not see fit
to adopt the resolution.
Mr. ROSS. Even if a man comes here and
claims a dead man's seat?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot argue
the question. This resolution is in regard to
the right of the member from the third district
of Kentucky to his seat.
Mr. PAINE. This is not a case of contest.
There is no one contesting the seat.
Mr. SPALDING. I ask that the resolution
be again read.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. PAINE. It is not, of course, the design
of this resolution to admit this claimant to a
seat now ; but it is to provide the kind of evi-
dence that may be used for the purpose of
establishing his claim before the Committee
of Elections of this House. The gentleman
asks if he is to be admitted without the cer-
tificate of the Governor of the State of Ken-
tucky.
' Mr. WOOD. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman from Wisconsin has demanded
the previous question upon his resolution, and
T want to know if it is in order for him to go
into the merits of the question involved ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood
the gentleman to withdraw the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. PAINE. No, sir; I did not withdraw it.
The question was put upon seconding the
demand for the previous question, and there
were_ayes 35, noes 49; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers, and ap-
pointed Messrs. Wood and Paine to act as
tellers.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 61, noes 30.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was" then ordered.
Mr. RANDALL. I rise for the purpose of
asking information. I. understand that the
gentleman from Wisconsin will have an hpur
in which to discuss this question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has no
such right, because this is not the report of a
committee.
Mr. RANDALL. I was going to suggest
that the gentleman should divide his hour.
The SPEAKER. No debate is ia order.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BOYER. I demand the yeas aj^d nays
on agreeing to the preamble and resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 91, nays 33, not voting
4G; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, James M. Ash-
loy, Baker, Banks, Beaman, Benjamin, Benton, Bing-
ham, Blair, Boutwell, Bromwoll, Broomall, Church-
ill, Header W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn,
Cook, Cornell, Covode, Cullom, Dawes, Donnelly,
Driggs, Eggleston, Ela, Ferriss, Ferry, Melds, kin-
ney, Gartield, Gravely, Halsey, Hamilton, Harding,
Hayes, Hill, Hopkins, Chester D. Hubbard, Hunter,
Xngorsoll, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kelsey, Kitchen,
Koontz, William Lawrence, Loan, Logan, Lough-
ridge, Mercur, Miller, Moore, Myers, Newcomb,
O'Neill, Oith, Paine, Perham, Peters, Plants, Price,
Kaum, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield, Selye, Shanks,
Shellabarger, Starkweather, Aaron 3?. Stevens,
Thaddeus Stevens, Tafl'e, Taylor, Trowbridge. Up-
son, VanAernam, Burt Vail Horn, llobert X. Van
Horn, Cadwalador C. Washburn, Henry D. Wash-
burn, William B. Washburn, Wellier, Thomas Wil-
liams, William Williams, James F. Wilson, John
T. Wilson, Windom, and Wood bridge—91.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barnes, Boyer, Brooks,
Burr, Chanler, Eldridge, Fox, (ietz, Gtlossbrenner,
Haight, Holman, Hotehkiss, Kerr, Ketcham, Mar-
shall, MeClurg, Morgan, Mungen, Nicholson, Ran-
dall, Robertson, liobinson, Ross, Sitgrcaves, Spald-
ing, Stewart, Stone, Tabor, Van Auken, Van Trump,
Ward, and Wood—33.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Delos R.
Ashley, Baldwin, Barnum, Blame, Buckland, But-
ler, Oako, Dixon, Dodge, Kekley, Eliot, Farnsworth,
Gtriswold, Hooper, Asahel W. llubbard, Richard D.
Hubbard, Hulburd, Humphrey, Jenckcs, Laflin,
(jeorgo V. Lawrence, Lincoln, Lynch, Mallory, Mar-
vin, McCarthy, McCullough, Moorhcad, Morrell,
Morrissey,Niblack,Noell,Phelps, Pike, Pile, Poland,
Polsley, Pomeroy, Pruyn, Smith, Thomas, Twicheil,
Van Wyck, and Stephen F. Wilson—1G.
So the preamble and resolution were adoped.
HONORABLE DISCHARGES OS SOLDIEltS, ETC.
The House resumed the consideration of the
special order, being the bill (H. R. No. 108)
entitled '• An act for the relief of certain volun-
teer soldiers and sailors therein designated;"
on which Mr Ashley, of Ohio, was entitled to
the floor.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I desire to^ make
some verbal amendments to the fiJst section of
the bill. The first is to correct a typographical
error by striking out "on" in line six and
inserting in lieu thereof "until." I desire, also,
to strike out the words "after said surrender"
at the end of the section, and insert in lieu
thereof the words " or refused to serve after
said date." Thus amended the first section
will read as follows:
Be it enacted, &e., That no soldier or sailorshall be
taken or held to be adeserter from the Army orNavy
who voluntarily enlisted to serve and who did faith-
fully serve the prescribed period of his enlistment
until the 19th of April, 1865, and who, without proper
authority or leave first obtained, did quit his com-
mand or refused to serve after'said date.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objec-
tion, these amendments will be considered as
adopted.
There w.as no objection.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I
have no objection to the amendment proposed
yesterday by the gentleman from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Cobb;] and I presume it will be adopted
by unanimous consent. I ask the Clerk to
read that amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
In section two insert after the words "mustered
out" the words "or who was killed in battle or died
before the expiration of his term of serviceso that
the section will read as follows:
That any volunteer soldier or sailor who may at
any time have absented himself from the service,
and who voluntarily returned to duty and remained
with his proper command until it was regularly mus-
tered out, or who was killed in battle, or died before
the expiration of his term of service, shall bo
classed as a. deserter.
