594
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
subject. I hope the gentleman will answer the
question, yes or no. Does the gentleman be-
lieve in the theory in which I believe, and in
which Professor Agassis believes', as to the
plurality of races?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I did not suppose that
any opinions I might hold as to the origin or
number of races would be of any account either
to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Mungen] or
any other member of this House. I supposed
that the gentleman would be contented with
the opinion of so distinguished a scholar as he
whose letter I have had the honor to present
liere to-day, and would not expect rae or per-
haps any other member of this House to enter
into a controversy with that learned man upon
this subject. I believe, never having investi-
gated this subject myself, that the report pre-
sented by Professor Agassiz is unquestionably
correct. I believe that the views and senti-
ments inculcated in the extract presented here
the other day by the gentleman from Ohio are,
as Professor Agassiz characterized them, "vile
calumnies." Of course I do not say that they
were so designed by the gentleman from Ohio;
but they are "vile calumnies" upon the senti-
ments which this learned scholar has presented
to the world. I make no issue with the letter,
but I do take issue with the extract presented.
I am sure that the gentleman would present
none that he considered as a forgery. I under-
stood him the other day to present these views
as justifying the oppression of the black race,
and of withholding from them the privileges
which belong to our common humanity, and
for forcing them back to the original bondage
in which he and his political friends have
endeavored to hold them.
Mr. MUNGEN. The gentleman has not yet
answered my question. I cannot tell whether
he believes in the plurality of the human races
or not.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman did not
listen to me. I say that 1 have not investi-
gated the subject, and do not pretend to form
an opinion in reference to the letter of Professor
Agassiz; but, sir, I do differ in toto with the
gentleman's speech, which the letter character-
izes, so far as the extract quoted is concerned,
as a " vile calumny."
Mr. MUNGEN. The professor has not read
my speech. [Laughter.] In his letter he does
not differ with me in reference to the plurality
of races; he agrees with me. I was never a
pro-slavery man in my life. I am glad that
slavery is abolished, but I did not like the way
in which it was done, [laughter;] and that,
although I helped to do it. When I say I did
not like the manner in which it was done I
mean in respect to its costing us a million of
lives.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Let me
ask the gentleman a question. If I understand
the gentleman, he considers the question of
ethnology as a question of politics. I have
heard learned disquisitions on the other side
of the House on that subject, and I confess
that they afford me 
Mr. MUNGEN. What is the question? I
yielded for a question, and not for a speech.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Does
the gentleman mean by his question that there
are types of the human race which are unfit
for self-government? And in that connection
there is another question.
Mr. MUNGEN, One at a time. I will an-
swer the first question before you put another.
If the gentleman had read my speech he would
not have had any necessity to ask me the ques-
tion. It is clear and distinct on that subject.
I believe, and have so asserted, that there are
many races which are unfit for self-government.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I wish
to ask another question. I do not make any
issue on that. I do not know but we may ulti-
mately agree on that point. I ask him whether
he knows any example in the history of any
race of men, except the Teutonic branch of
what the gentleman from New York is pleased
to term the great Caucasian family, which has
ever successfully maintained or. established free
government? I ask him whether he knows of
any case where the Celtic race, which is the
backbone of the Democratic party in the Uni-
ted States, has ever established a free govern-
ment? [Laughter.]
Mr. ROBINSON rose.
Mr. MUNGEN. I have answered the gen-
tleman's question.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I want
to know whether the differences in the white
races are not equal to the differences between
the white and black races ?
Mr. EOBINSON. I wish to know whether
the gentleman addresses me on that point.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I am
putting the question to the gentlemaif from
Ohio on his ethnological point.
Mr. MUNGEN. The gentleman is not very
clear in his ideas of race*. If he had read my
speech he would have found that I have an-
swered every proposition that he has advanced.
He as well as other members will find it good
reading. [Laughter.]
In answer to his question I will say that I
do not believe the differences between the
white races are equal to the differences between
the white and black race. But, sir, I did not
rise to go into any general discussion of this
matter.
I want to say to the gentleman's colleague
[Mr. Scofxeld] that I found the extract I
quoted going the rounds of the papers, and
uncontradicted for months, and that it is in
consonance with the public lectures of Pro-
fessor Agassiz in the city of New York. I
think that the professor has got a little thin-
skinned recently. He is up in a latitude in
Boston where it will not do to hold the same
views he held in his New York speech. Per-
haps he will take back what he said in the
Smithsonian Institution. It is apparent to
every gentleman who read the extract and
who heard the letter read in this House to-day
that there is no difference whatever between
Professor Agassiz and myself in reference to
the plurality of races.
I have no fault to find with him. I simply
say this, that the proposition I argued was
whether such a bill as that, and the acts to
which it was supplementary and explanatory,
were beneficial to this Government or just to
the white race. I argued the question as cour-
teously as I could, avoiding the question of
theology, which naturally does belong to it.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Will
the gentleman allow me another question ?
Mr. MUNGEN. No, sir; I will not give
way any more for stump speeches. [Laugh-
ter.] So far as that is concerned I am willing
to give to Professor Agassiz the benefit of his
disclaimer; but I appeal to those who heard
that letter, read whether he does not distinctly
say that there are distinct races, and whether
that letter does not fully indorse the remarks
I made the other day as published in the Globe?
I maintain that it does.
And I say another thing: that so far as the
nerves and bones are concerned the learned
and accomplished Dr. Knox takes the very
same ground. He says in a case he examined
of a black man that the nerves were one third
less than in the Saxon of the same size and
weight. Dr. Knox stands to-day undisputed
on that point, either in Europe or America.
Pritchard, who wrote largely on the subject,
and took a different ground in the first two
volumes, turns round in the third volume and
virtually comes to the Same conclusion that
Francis Pulszky, Habersham, Nott, and Glid-
don have come. There is no man who thor-
oughly studies the physical sciences and can
draw proper deductions from the premises who,
in my opinion, can resist the truth of what
Professor Agassiz states in regard to the great
difference between races.
I have said this much in regard to the extract
which I found in the paper and put into my
speech together with other references. I have
not misquoted Professor Agassiz, except that
he says he did not speak about the bones, &a.
He talks about tha style of the language in
that article. For that I am not accountable.
But so far as the extract is concerned, I must
say I believe as a literary production it coin-
pares tolerably favorable with the rough words
contained in that letter. I'suppose he was in
a rather bad humor when he wrote it. ■ I am
sorry.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Beforethegentlemantakes
his seat I desire to ask my friend, -whom I may
call the learned anatomist, [laughter] 
Mr. MUNGEN. Not at all.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I desire to ask him whether
the Doctor Nott to whom he appeals is not an
Alabama slaveholder ?
Mr. MUNGEN. It was Doctor Knox that
I alluded to. He never was in this country at
all that I know of; he is an English lecturer.
treatment of union prisoners.
Mr. MUNGEN. While I have the floor I
ask leave to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the committeeheretofore appointed
to inquire of the treatment of prisoners, &c., be, and
they are hereby, instructed to inquire into and report
upon the treatment, &c., of prisoners confined in tho
camps and prisons of the United States Government
during the war; and also to inquire into and report
upon the facts connected with the cartel as to ex-
change of prisoners, and the action under the same
by the officers of the United States and the so-called
confederate government, and why the speedy ex-
change of prisoners was not effected.
Mr. VAN AERNAM. I object.
HE CESS TO-DAY.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I move that
the House now take a recess till eight o'clock,
and I ask unanimous consent to give the reason.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection? The
Chair hears none.
Mr. BINGHAM. I understand the Senate
are considering the bill for reconstruction sent
to them by this House, and they have notified
members of the House that probably they will
be able to send it back to the House at eight
o'clock. In order to expedite the business I
make this motion.
Mr.FARNSWORTH. I do not believe it
is advisable.
Mr. JUDD. I move that the House ad-
journ.
The question being taken, the House refused
to adjourn—ayes 42, noes 72.
The question then recurred on the motion
to take a recess till eight o'clock, and it was
agreed to.
Accordingly the House (at three o'clock and
forty minutes p. m.) took a recess till eight
o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at eight o'clock
p. m.
soldiers' bounties.
The SPEAKER laid before the Iltfuse the
following communication from the Secretary
of the Treasury ; which was laid on the table
and ordered to bo printed:
Treasury Department, July 10,18(37.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of a resolution of the House of Representatives, dated
yesterday, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War and the Secre-
tary of the Treasury be directed to inform this House
what farther legislation, if any, is necessary to facili-
tate the payment of additional bounty granted by act
of July 28, 1866.
In reply I would say that as far as this Department
is concerned no further legislation is required to fa-
cilitate the payment of the bounty in question.
I am, sir, very respectfully,
hugh Mcculloch.
Hon. Schuyler Colfax,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to introduce a bill
in reference to bounties to the widows and
heirs of soldiers.
ME3SACIE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Mc-
Doxald, its Chief Clerk, informed the House
that the Senate had passed an act supplement-
ary to an act entitled " An act to provide for
the mare efficient government of the rebel
States," passed on the 2d day of March. 1867,
