1867.
THE "CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
bestow upon it. We ask, sir, that the bill shall
not only ■ be recommitted, but ordered to be
printed, and we can then adjourn and take it
up to-morrow.
Mr. BINGHAM. All I have heard amounts
to this: that if the word '' appointment" is in-
serted before the word " and:' in the third sec-
tion it would meet my colleague's objections.
Mr. SCHENCK. As far as that goes, I
have other very serious objections.
Mr. BINGHAM. I cannot see why a Gen-
eral of the Army who is allowed to detail from
•"the whole Army cannot be authorized to go
outside of it and detail from the whole people
of the United States.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am appealed to by
my friend from Massachusetts to allow him
three minutes.
Mr, BUTLER. I desire simply to call the
attention of the House to the provisions of this
bill. It is the most important legislative ac-
tion, taken with the acts to which it is supple-
mentary, that has been had since the Constitu-
tion of the United States was framed. And
yet we propose without having read it, with-
out seeing it in print, without having exam-
ined it so far as we would examine a private
corporation act, to proceed to pass the bill.
I pray gentlemen to pause, because this bill
is to be made so as to exclude a conclusion
that we have twice passed this kind of act
and the Attorney General of the United States
has found very weighty objections to it, in
which judgment he is sustained by some of
the ablest lawyers of the country, all in conse-
quence of our haste. We are now passing a
bill which will be revised by him, and to which
the President of the United States, in the lan-
guage of one of his generals, is in bitter polit-
ical antagonism.
Under these circumstances I desire the
House to allow this substitute to be referred to
the committee and printed. There was no
discussion On the original bill among its
friends. Its enemies were allowed to discuss
it upon general principles; but in perfecting
the bill there was scarcely any discussion or
deliberation. I hope, then, that we will let
this bill go over to-night. We shall gain nj*
time by passing it this evening. We can finish
it to-morrow, and if we make any amendment
we can send it to the Senate the same day, so
that it will get to the President about as soon
as if we were to pass it to-niglit.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Illinois a question, for I want informa-
tion. Under this bill no persons are appointed
to office not detailed from the Army except
such as are referred to in the language ''other
persons," meaning civilians under the author-
ity of the military governors or commanders.
Now, what oath are those appointees to take
to fulfill the duties of the office which they are
appointed to fill?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The bill makes no
provision in regard to that whatever, neither
did the House bill. I suppose when an officer
or soldier is detailed he acts under his oath as
such officer or soldier.
Mr. LOGAN. You say there is a general
law for all officers appointed by military com-
manders. There is but one oath required
where a person does military service, and if
they are appointed by military commanders
there is no law, as I understand it, requiring
them to take any oath of office.
Mr. BINGHAM. Is any oath of office
required of a person detailed from the Army?
Sir. LOGAN. There is not; that is what I
am asking about; there is no oath required.
Mr. BINGHAM, 1 think the gentleman is
mistaken.
Mr. LOGAN. No, sir ; this is the point I
make: if the military commander appoints a
civilian, the law does not prescribe any oath ;
and if he details a soldier to peiform soldier's
duty, then I ask what oath the soldier takes
to perform that simple duty ? I only call the
attention of the committee to this question
with a view to have them consider it. I hope
the substitute will be referred and printed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will yield .a mo-
ment to the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I wish first to
make an inquiry of the Chair.. Suppose the
motion to refer should fail, and the motion to
concur in the Senate amendment should fail,
could we then, by a vote of the House, request
a committee of conference, and if so, what
would be the right of the committee of con-
ference to depart from the provisions of the
two bills passed by the respective Houses ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that if
the motion to refer and the motion to concur in
the amendment of the Senate shall both be voted
down, the House can disagree absolutely in the
amendment of the Senate, or disagree and ask
the appointment of a committee of conference.
If a committee of conference shall be ap-
pointed, inasmuch as the amendment of the
Senate proposes to strike out the entire bill of
the House, the whole question will be before
the committee.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. That will then
bring about the state of things that I supposed
it would if the House should take that course.
Now, I think the experience and observation
of all the members of the House in reference
to bills of this importance is that the whole
subject goes to the committee, who will have
before them the views of each House, being in
possession of the bills respectively passed by
the two Houses. It seems to me that a state
of things is now before us in which we may as
well come directly to a committee of confer-
ence.
I would like to say, if I am not trespassing
upon the time and patience of the House, that
I do not like much of the phraseology of the
House bill, and that I should be greatly pleased
to see a more compact and careful bill, although
I think the substance of-what we want is in the
House hill. I think we should make whatever
bill we pass so compact that no coaeh-and-six
can be driven through itf hereafter by any At-
torney General. I hope the motion to refer
will not prevail, but that we shall have a com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. As I un-
derstand it, the Senate have stricken out the
whole of our bill, and there is nothing remain-
ing about which the two Houses can confer.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understand from
the reply which the Chair made to the question
of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Siiella-
barger] that if a committee of conference is
appointed the entire subject will go to that
committee, and will be put in the hands of six
men—three members of the House and three
members of the Senate. For my own part I
am not willing, in the first instance, until the
Committee on Reconstruction shall have ex-
amined the matter, to plane the whole subject
of this bill in the hands of three members of
the House and' three of the Senate, whose
conclusion will be forced through the House,
as members well know, under the previous
question. I hope,, therefore, that the House
will sustain the motion to refer the amend-
ment of the Senate to the Committee on Recon-
struction, and that it will be printed and laid
upon the desks of members to-morrow morn-
ing. The Committee on Reconstruction can
examine it and suggest such corrections as
they think ought to be made. It seems to me
that that would be only becoming a delibera-
tive body like this. I know, sit, that we arc
all anxious to get home, bijtdo not Jet us take
to our heels and run away from Washington
with our work half done, as we did before. I
now demand the previous question on the
motion to refer.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. I object to his yielding.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is enti-
tled to the floor for one hour and has a right
to yield.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I yield, then, to the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes. J
Mr. DAWES. By a comparison of these
two bills it will be found, I think, that the dif-
ference between the two is merely a difference
of phraseology, with the exception that the-
Senate has stricken out that section of the
House bill proposing to impose a penalty for
hindrance or obstruction of the act. TheSen-
ate, so far as I am able to discover, seeks to
carry out the same line of jpolicy !as that favored
by the House. I agr'ce with some other gen-
tlemen here that the Senate has succeeded bet-
ter than we did in carrying out the policy
which both Houses favor. But there is a dif-
ference of phraseology, and there is a differ-
ence as to the section in reference to penalties.
Now, inasmuch as the two Houses have ap-
proached so nearly an agreement, it does seem,
to me that the adoption of the suggestion of
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sheiaabarger]
will bring this matter to a satisfactory conclu-
sion better than any other method. Two com-
mittees representing the two Houses can no
doubt, by conferring together, arrange readily
the very few points of difference between the
two Houses. ■
There is, as I have remarked, n'o difference
of principle except upon one section. Should
the House adhere to its position in reference
to that section and the Senate also adhere, the
matter will have to go to a committee of con-
ference, after all. Such a committee is in all
probability that method of settlement to which
we shall ultimately be obliged to come; and,
in my opinion, our differences will be adjusted
better in that way than any other.
If the two Houses were differing upon prin-
ciple, if they were differing upon any material
points, I would insist that we should adhere
to our position as long as might be proper,
and as long as we cotild have any reasonable
expectation of accomplishing our purpose. But
the two Houses do not differ upon anything
material except a single section. Why, then,
should not our differences be settled in the
manner in which such differences are usually
settled—by referring them to a committee of
conference? I hope that the suggestion of the
gentleman from Ohio will be adopted by the
House.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Farnswortii] to yield to me two
minutes.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Speaker, give us
anything but a committee of conference. Send
this bill, if you choose, to the Committee on
Reconstruction or to the Committee of the
Whole, or to any investigating committee ; but
save us from the blunders and secrecy of a
committee of conference. All the blunders of
legislation, all the follies that have been com-
mitted in this House since I have been here
have come through that great hole. [Laugh-
ter.] And nobody can see what is corning
until it does come; and you cannot see it then
until it has passed out of sight, [laughter ;]
and the first thing we know of it is when it is
published in the official record. When a re-
port comes to us from a committee of confer-
ence we must either reject the whole or swal-
low the whole, and generally we do not lrnow
which is which. [Laughter.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I now call the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Farnsworth, to refer the amendment of
the Senate to the Committee on Reconstruc-
tion, it was agreed to ; there being—ayes 74,
noes 40.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Farnswortii, that the Senate amendment
be ordered to be printed, the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I now move that the
House adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Ingersoll] is not entitled to the
floor. The floor reverts to the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Holmax,] who yielded it
temporarily that the amendment of the Senate
to the reconstruction bill might be taken up.
