§98
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12?
The bill upon which the gentleman^ has the
floor is in relation to additional bounties.
Mr. HOLMAN. I enter a motion to sus-
pend the rules. I also move that the bill be
ordered to be printed.
The motion to print was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I now will yield to a mo-
tion to adjourn.
On motion of Mr. Ingersoll, the House (at
nine o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m.) ad-
journed.
PETITIONS. ETC.
The following potitions &c., were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. BANKS: Memorial of James J. Rogers, of
New York, a soldier of the Union Army, in behalf of
naturalized citizens of the United States arrested or
convicted in Ireland for alleged violation of the laws
of the British empire. „ „ ,
By Mr.BROOKS : The petition of Mrs. E.N.Jack-
son for a renewal of a patent for a bell annunciator
and telegraph.
, By Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania: Resolutions of
the Union Leagues of the city of Baltimore, asking
for universal suffrage.
Also, the petition of William H. Weaver, late cap-
tain twelfth regimont Pennsylvania Roservcs, asking
for the return to him of $2,500, taken from him by
order of the gonoral commanding Army of Potomac.
By Mr. WARD: The petition of 900 citizens of Mary-
land, asking Congress to pass a law abolishing all
distinction in suffrage on aocount of race or color
throughout the Union.
IN SENATE.
Friday, July 12, 1867.
Prayer by Rev. E. II. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
Hon. Cornelius Cole, of California, and
Hon. Willard Saulsbury, of Delaware, ap-
peared in their seats.
personal explanation.
Mr. DIXON. I ask the permission of the
Senate to state that I was accidentally absent
on the final vote on the passage of the bill sup-
plementary to an act to provido for the more
efficient government of the rebel States, passed
the 2d of March, 18G7, and the act supplement-
ary thereto, passed March 23, 1867. If I had
been present I should have voted against the
passage of the bill, for the reasons which 1 had
the honor to present to the Senate on the pas-
sage of the original bill.
maximilian's decrees in mexico.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of a resolution
offered by me a fow days since relative to
Mexico.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore,. The reso-
lution will be read.
Mr. GRIMES. We understand what it is.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The reading is unneces-
sary,
Mr. CHANDLER. I will submit the re-
marks I have to make upon the motion to take
up the resolution.
Mr. GRIMES. Lot us take it up first.
Mr. CHANDLER. Vorywoll; I bioyo to
take it up for consideration.
Mr. SUMNER. The question is one of
order, as I take it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on taking up the resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. The question is one of
order, whether the taking it up is in order
under the rule of the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. There is no doubt of that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will refer that question as to the construction
of the rule to the Senate. I prefer that the
Senate should construe its own rules.
Mr. GRIMES, (to Mr. Chandler.) Go on
an4 make your speech on your motion.
Mr. CHANDLER. Well, Mr. President,-1
will say what I have to say on the question of
taking up the resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is whether it is in order to take up the
resolution.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, it is well
known, it is an admitted fact, that the invasion
of Mexico was in reality a part and parcel of
our rebellion. If the United States Govern-
ment had been at peace no one presumes that
an attempt would have been made to establish
an empire in the republic of Mexico. Had
Maximilian gone to Mexico as other filibusters
go, as Lopez and as the son of Henry Clay
went to Cuba, and as others have gone, simply
with his life in his hands in pursuit of a crown,
he would have won a crown or lost his head,
and no remarks would have been made. He
staked his head for a crown, and there was no
fault to be found certainly, nor had his friends
a right to question the verdict. If he won, he
won an cmpirS; if he lost, he lost his head.
But, Mr. President, Maximilian claimed to
be something more than an adventurer. He
claimed to be something more than a filibus-
ter. He claimed to have been elected by the
Mexican people to occupy the Mexican throne ;
and I propose for a single moment to examine
into that claim. I hold in my hand a letter
from a very distinguished officer in our Army
during the rebellion, who has since the close of
the rebellion spent some months in Mexico, a
man who is thoroughly acquainted with Mex-
ican affairs, and who writes from a Mexican
stand-point.. He says :
"Wo all know how Maximilian was elected. Mar-
shal Forey appointed thirty-five reactionary nota-
bles; theso elected a rogcncy of throe—Generals
Almonte and Salas and the Archbishop of Mex-
ico, who had all been leaders in inviting the mon-
archy. These now elected anew assembly—all noted
reactionists—and among them wero found many of
the men who had made Moxican horrors a proverb.
The farce closed up with the election of Maximilian;
and when General Bazaino made the electioneering
tour, with forty thousand bayonets at his heels, soven
eighths of the population of Mexico and twenty-nine
thirtieths of its territory were beyond the lines of
French protection, according to a reliable IVonch cal-
culation. Yot Maximilian aocopted this unanimous
vote. To say that ho was ignorant of the way ho was
elected was an insult to his intelligence; for if noth-
ing olso oxisted at that time to provo thoutter abhor
rciico of the groat body «f tbo Mexican pebplo to the
invasion tho siego of 1'uebla, one of the most horoic
defenses in history, was sufficient. Those who argue
that Maximilian was deceived into tho idea that
Mexico wanted his government simply try to provo
his intclloetual incapacity."
Again, this same writer says:
" With tho crushing and unprincipled hand of Ba-
zaino, handling forty thousand French troops and the
retrograde contingent that French gold supported,
tho empire commenced tho desolation of Mexico. In
this it was aided by William H. Seward, United States
Secretary of State, who apparently impeded ovcry
effort of tho l-opublio to obtain arms in the United
States, whilo all our ports appeared to bo open to tho
empire from New York totho Rio Grande. Atlength
tho empiro managed to hold possession of just those
lines along which its bayonet,sgloamed. Atno period
of its existence, before or after, could a. courier carry
a letter safely between any two great citios without
an escort. At this stage of tho imperial game, Maxi-
milian, exn.spcia.tcil at tho desperato defense of tho
country, issued a dccreo October 3, ISO")—do not for-
get, I pray you, that ho went thcro to teaeli thoMox-
icans civilization—which for ha.rbarit.y has not boon
equaled, and far surpasses tho modern ono of his
brothor, lfrancis Joseph, against the Hungarians.
Under this dccreo tho meanest officor of tho empire
could have arrested President Juarez find shot him
insido of twenty-four hours without morey; under
this edict Mexico was put to tliu swoid. X myself
havosocn the effects of its savago application. N orth-
eni Moxico especially was marked out for desola-
tion, and thousands ot the first pooplo of the country
bent to tho bloody tornado, that spared neither ago
nor sex. 1 have passed through villago after village
leveled with tho ground by ltnporial fiat after this
dccreo was promulgated. Bid tho world cry out then
with horror; or did tho empire stitlo with ifs gold tho
gurgle of the blood a-s it flowed from the veins of tho
ropublio?"
Mr. President, this pretense of an election,
as every man at all acquainted with Mexican
affairs knows, is but a mere pretense; for
never, during the whole occupation of Mexico
by the French troops, was it safe for a friend
of the empire to step outside of the protection
of French bayonets. Now, sir, I say that had
Maximilian gone there as an ordinary filibus-
ter, staking his life for a crown, his life would
have been justly forfeited had he failed in rev-
olutionizing the nation; but when, in addition
to this unwarrantable filibustering expedition,
he enacted that abominable decree, his life was
more than forfeited. When he signed that
decree he abandoned all hope of mercy unless
he succeeded in putting down the Me,xican
republic. Why, sir, since the foundation of the
world, no such decree was ever issued or ever
executed; and yet, since I have offered this
resolution, I have been informed by persons
on the spot, and those of the very highest re-
spectability, that the decree was more savage
in its execution than it was in its enunciation.
Look for a single moment at that decree, issued
in the nineteenth century, by a prince of the
house of Hapsburg, a filibuster in Mexico, a
man who staked his life for an empire, and
lost.
" Article 1. All persons belonging to armed bands
or corps not legally authorized, whether they pro-
claim or not any political principles, and whatever
be the number of those who compose the said bands,
their organization, character, and denomination,
shall be triod militarily by the courts-martial; and
if found guilty even of the only fact of belonging to
the band they shall be condemned to capital punish-
ment within the twenty-four hours following the
sentence."
Sir, had Maximilian joined, as it was ex-
pected he would do, the rebels, he would have
had a far greater hold upon the United States
of North America than he had upon the re-
public of Mexico. Had he united with the
rebels he would have bad just as much right
to issue that decree and declare that every sol-
dier fighting for the liberties of this Govern-
ment was an outlaw as he had to declare that
Mexicans were outlaws. Suppose that Maximil-
ian had landed in the rebel States and he had
executed that decree; suppose he had captured
by surprise General Grant—for Ortega stood
as high in Mexico as General Grant does in
the United States—suppose he had executed
General Grant and more than ten thousand
of our Union patriotic soldiers, would there
have been any cry for mercy for the man who
had executed the damnable decree? Would
there have been anypityfor the monster? And
yet the cases are exactly parallel, only that
Maximilian would" have had a stronger and a
faster hold on this Government than he ever
had on the Government of Mexico. The
decree would not have been one single iota
more inhuman and more barbarous had it
been issued on the soil of the United States
and executed upon General Grant and upon
the Union soldiers of the United States than
it was when issued upon the soil of Mexico
and executed upon the body of Ortega.
But again :
" Art. 2. Those who, bolonging to tho bands men-
tioned in the previous article, will be captured with
arms in their bands, shall be triod by tho officor of
tho foroo which has captured them."
It made no difference whether the officer of
the force who captured a Mexican patriotic
general was a general in the French army, a
general in the Austrian army, or a corporal in
either: tho officer in command of the squad
that captured him was ordered peremptorily to
execute him within twenty-four hours without
reference to any higher authority.
"And ho shall within adelaynovor extending over
twenty-four hours after tho said capture make a
verbal inquest of tho offense, hearing tho defenso of
the prisoner. Of this inquest ho will draw an act,
closing with tho sentonce, which must bo .to capital
punishment if tho accused is found Kuittv, even if
only of the fact of belonging to tho band. I ho ofiieor
shall liavo the sontenco executed within the twenty-
four hours aforesaid, seeing that the criminal roeoivo
spiritual assistance. Thosentenco having boen oxo-
cuted, tho officer shall forward tho act of inuuost to
tho ruinistei of w.n."
Then it goes on naming others who are lia-
ble to execution under this decree. _ I shall
occupy but a very brief period in reviewing this
deeree. I am sure that the people of the
United States do not understand this question,
or there would not be a man in the United
States who would not say that the Mexican
Government was not. only justified, but that it
was its duty to execute a man who had thus
violated every rule of civilized warfare upon
her patriotic soldiers.
"Abt. 5. Shall be tried and sentenced conformably
with artiolo one of this law."
That is, tried by the officers arresting them,
and shot within twenty-four hours.
"1st. All thoso who will voluntarily assist the
4 guemllervH* with money or any other means what-
