600
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
material point of view with regard to Mexico.
All the commerce of that republic would
naturally fall as a matter of course into the
hands of the people of the United States, who
stand by her in her hour of trial. Mr. Presi-
dent, I ask for the passage of the resolution.
bills introduced.
Mr. WILSON. As this resolution may be
debated a little further, I ask the Senator from
Michigan to give way for a moment that I may
obtain the unanimous -cpnsent of the Senate to
introduce a bill for the purpose of raising four
volunteer regiments in the Indian country, and
to authorize the payment of some volunteers
the Secretary of War has called out, and to
make an appropriation to carry out the recon-
struction act. If nobody objects to it, I should
like to introduce the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is
not in order until the motion to take up the
resolution offered by the Senator from Mich-
igan is disposed of.
Mr. WILSON. I suggest that that lie over
for a few moments for this purpose.
Mr. POMEROY. I think we had better
repeal our resolution and then proceed to busi-
ness. There are matters in regard to the
West which I want to bring forward, and I
cannot do so under the resolution passed by
the Senate. I think the better way is to repeal
that resolution and let us proceed to business.
I do not want to make an exception of one
thing and then an exception of another.
Mr. WILSON. It seemed to be generally
understood, as this was a matter of necessity,
that there would be no objection to it.
Mr. POMEROY. I have a matter of neces-
sity, too.
Mr. GRIMES. What does the Senator from
Massachusetts propose?
Mr. WILSON. I propose to authorize the
War Department to raise four or any portion
of four regiments of mounted men in the In-
dian country, and to authorize the Secretary of
War to pay out of the Army appropriations
some troops called out for that purpose.
Mr. POMEROY. That is the very measure
I want brought forward ; but I want it brought
forward, not by unanimous consent, but by a
repeal of our resolution.
Mr. WILSON. Then there is a section in
it appropriating $1,648,277 to carry out the
reconstruction act. That is the estimate of
the Department.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Michigan, which must be first disposed of.
Mr. FOWLER. Before the vote is taken
on that proposition, if that is the question
before the Senate, I desire to make a few
remarks. *
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on taking up that resolution for consid-
eration.
Mr. WILSON. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce this bill.
Mr. GRIMES.
before us.
Mr. WILSON.
There is another question
I move to lay that aside
temporarily, for thepurpose I have indicated.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on taking up the resolution of the Sen-
ator from Michigan. Does the Senator from
Massachusetts move to lay that motion on the
table?
Mr. WILSON. Let us do that for a few
moments.
Mr. ANTHONY, (to Mr. Wilson.) Do you
want to pass your bill?
Mr. WILSON. I merely want to get it in
and have it printed.
Th e PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to lay on the table.
Mr. ANTHONY. As I understand, the
Senator from Massachusetts merely wants to
introduce his bill and have it printed. I sup-
pose it can be done by unanimous consent,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It ma'
done by unanimous eurasenk
. may be
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope he will be allowed
to introduce it and have it printed.
Mr. POMEROY. Is that_ with a view to
legislation at the present session?
Mr. WILSON. I propose to call it up this
afternoon or to-morrow, if the Senate allow me
to introduce it now and have it printed.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then it will be time
enough to raise the question under the rule.
Mr. WILSON. At that time I shall ask the
suspension of the rule for the purpose.
Mr. CONKLING. Or unanimous consent?
Mr. WILSON. Yes.
Mr. POMEROY. That is the measure I
have been trying to get before the Senate since
I came here. I do not want to object to that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts? It can be enter-
tained by unanimous consent. The Chair hears
no objection.
Mr. WILSON. I will say that the bill which
I propose to introduce is offered with the assent
of the Committee on Military Affairs of the
Senate, and I desire to have it read and printed.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (8. No. 132) to provide for
the calling out of volunteers to suppress Indian
hostilities, and for other purposes ; which was
read and passed to a second reading, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. TIPTON. I ask unanimous consent of
the Senate to introduce a bill on the same sub-
ject, in order that it may be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs. It can be done
in a moment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We do not refer any
bills at all.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to the introduction of the bill?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it cannot be received.
Mr. ANTHONY. I understand that the
Senator from Nebraska merely offers this bill
with a view of having it printed and referred.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 understood him to
say he wanted to have it referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and I am opposed
to that.
Mr. TIPTON. I ask that it be printed, then.
It is on this same subject; and ooming from the
scene of these occurrences the Senate surely
will grant m,e that poor boon.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator merely
wants to have it laid on the table and printed
without going further, I shall withdraw any
objection to it.
Mr. TIPTON. That is all I ask at the pres-
ent time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 133) in relation to
the suppression of Indian hostilities; which
was read a first time, passed to the second
reading, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ROSS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to introduce a joint resolution.
I_do not ask for its consideration to-day, but
simply that it may go upon the files and be
printed.
_ By unanimous consent, leave was granted to
introduce a joint resolution (S. R. No. 58) to
authorize the enlistment of volunteers for the
suppression of Indian hostilities; which was
read and passed to a second reading, and
ordered to be printed.
maximilian's decrees in mexico.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is, Is the motion made by the Senator
from Michigan [Mr. Chandler] to take up the
resolution named by him in order under the
rule of the Senate ?  
Mr._ FOWLER. I desfre to occupy the
attention of the Senate for a few moments on
this resolution, to repeat somewhat what I
said in the Senate on a previous occasion. I
know that it is a very late period to offer any
expression of sympathy for the republic of
Mexico; but it is perhaps better that it should
be offered now than that it should not be
offered at all. There was a period in the his-
tory of the revolution ^n Mexico when an
expression of sympathy from the United
States would have been of great service, not
only to the republicans of Mexico, so far
as they were concerned, but for the purpose
of arresting that invasion which swept away
so many of her citizens, and came well nigh
ruining that republic. I apprehend that it.
was owing to a want of courage on the part of
those who had the management of the foreign
relations of the United States that the invasion
of Mexico was commenced at all. Had there
been an expression of opinion even from that
Department, of the Government at the proper
time Maximilian would never have set his foot
on the soil of that republic. That expression
was not made. Not only was it not made, but
more than that, the opportunity was neglected.
The traditional policy of our Government, so
long held sacred, was entirely ignored. As has
been stated here this morning, not only was no
relief afforded to the republicans of Mexico,
no expression of sympathy, no determination
to maintain our policy, but an entire giving
away, an entire giving over of the Government
of the United States to the interest of the
invaders was manifested. That was the policy
which was carried out on the part of the Re-
public of the United States. It is true it was
at a time when we were engaged in a fearful
war in our own country, when perhaps it was
impossible to extend any great amount of ma-
terial aid to the republic of Mexico; but we
were not under those circumstances prevented
from expressing our determination to maintain
a doctrine which we had held sacred through
so many years, if those who had charge of the
foreign relations of the Government possessed
the courage requisite to the exigencies of the
times.
I propose to examine to some extent the
question whether the people of the republic
of Mexico were justified in the act that they
have recently committed; whether they were
justified in executing Maximilian, the pre-
tended emperor, the real filibuster into that
republic. For fifty years the republicans in
Mexico have been fighting a desperate battle
against the aristocratic interests in that coun-
try. In 1857 the contest broke out in the most
remarkable manner, and the revolution then
was carried over every part of that republic.
Perhaps no republicans have ever fought a more
devoted battle than did the republicans there
from 1857 until 1861. An opportunity was then
sought by the Emperor of the Freneh, the Span-
ish Government, and the British Government
to invade Mexico for mere pretended claims
which they had trumped up for the occasion.
The most extraordinary and unjust demands
were made upon the republic of Mexico by those
Governments. Mexico was invaded by these
three §reat western Powers for the purpose of
enforcing the payment of these pretended debts
that they had arranged to suit the occasion. In
the course of the procedure England and Spain
withdrew from the contest, leaving Napoleon
to manage it alone. His sole object was to
obtain the possession of that Government for
the purpose of founding an empire there, with
the view of giving him possession of the India
seas, as well as to arrest the progress of the
Union southward ; and not only to arrest the
progress of the Republic of North America
southward, but also for the purpose of sever-
ing the Republic of North America, for tho
purpose of aiding the rebels in consummating
the rebellion they had already commenced.
Maximilian, the unfortunate individual who
has been executed in Mexico, was made a tool
of, I admit, by the French emperor,, for the
purpose of consummating his designs. His first
great crimc was in suffering his name to be
used at all for the purpose of carrying out the
views of the French emperor. But although
supposed to be a mild and Christian gentleman,
as has been alleged, he has shown himself to
