L867..
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
be one of the.most accomplished barbarians of.
the age, the individual who has perpetrated
the most barbarous deeds that have ever dis-
graced any country. Even the deeds which have
characterized and distinguished the rebellion
in the United States were not equal in barbar-
ity to those which were inaugurated and per-
fected in this contemplated empire of Mexico.
He first, under the influence of his Austrian
and French soldiers, had himself elected
Emperor of Mexico, and then he claimed his
position as resulting from the voice of the Mex-
ican people, forced as it was, so far as there
was an election, merely by bayonets. It was
at this period, when he had a large force of
foreign bayonets at his command, that the
Mexican President, the republicans, and the
patriots of Mexico, who were defending their
country, were driven all over the republic,
from one portion of it to the other. They
retreated from one stronghold to another, all
the time maintaining a gallant fight for their
own country and .their own institutions, never
for one moment failing to maintain their posi-
tion as patriots. This so-called emperor then
proclaimed that these patriots were outlaws,
and that they should be executed when taken
prisoners, within twenty-four hours after they
were captured. The punishment of death was
to be inflicted upon them; and that punish-
ment was inflicted, not only on many officers
who were taken, but, from the accounts which
I have received, on as many as perhaps ten or
twelve thousand of the people of that devoted
republic. Think of it, sir! under that most
barbarous decree the blood of as many as ten
or twelve thousand patriots was spilled upon
the soil of Mexico, their native land, and for
110 other crime than that of defending their
country and its liberties. Not only that, but
he burnt down whole towns. Whenever the
patriots passed through any village or town
and received any succor from the people, the
soldiers of Maximilian invaded that village or
town, burnt the property, and left the_ unof-
fending citizens without homes and without
any protection whatever. This was done not
only in one, but in many instances. Here you
have this pretended monarch, not only mur-
dering soldiers whoA he has captured, but
burning down towns and the habitations of
women and children, and turning them off
without any protection whatever.
His master at length deserted him and left
him there to maintain his existence, if possi-
ble. Here I will state to his credit that he
showed some fidelity to the individuals that he
had deluded from their duty to their country,
and at that period of the contest determined
to stake his fortune with them. I admit that
in that he showed some courage and some
faithfulness, far more than that which distin-
guished his seducer, the Emperor Napoleon,
the very murderer of republics, who has
slaughtered them wherever he has had a
chance; first, in France; second, in Italy, and
thirdly, in Mexico. The cause of the patriot
President of that republic was strengthened:
his at my increased in power; he surrounded
the invader and captured him, and subjected
him to the laws, to be tried according to the
laws of nations, and he executed him accord-
ing to the law. This shows distinctly that
these people had a just sense of that dignity
which characterized them as a Government and
as a people, and that they were determined to
maintain that dignity, and to inflict punishment
on every offender who should presume to vio-
late the-dignity of that nation ; thus, although
not so distinguished for their intelligence and
their power and their influence as the Govern-
ment of the United States, setting a most admi-
■ rable example to the Government of the U mted
States as to the manner in which we should
have treated some of the terrible rebels m our
own country. , . • c
Here, sir, is the simple, plain statement ot
the facts. Now it is as little, I think, as we can
do—it is coming in at a miserably late hour,
I know—but then it is- the best, we can do
lit this time, when the enemies of republican
institutions, not only in the United States, but
in Europe, are endeavoring to make war on the
republic of Mexico, to express our sympathy
with the act they have done, with the vindica-
tion of their national rights and their national
honor, and to maintain the relation that we
ought to maintain toward that Government.
If we were true to ourselves in regard to this
matter; if we were faithful believers in repub-
lican institutions ; if we were brave, true, cour-
ageous defenders of republican ideas, we
would stand firmly on the side of the_ repub-
licans of Mexico, and maintain the position that
they have assumed on this occasion. Perhaps
no people have ever exhibited more true
courage, more devoted patriotism, more fidel-
ity to their institutions ■ than have those peo-
ple ; and no man living at the present day has
exhibited those traits of character in a higher
degree than has the President of that republic.
How is it that.you hear no expressions of
sympathy for the "followers of Maximilian who
perished by the same just law and in the same
bad cause in which he perished? Why ate
not those Mexicans who deserted tlicir coun-
try and their country's cause and v.-ho died
with Maximilian pitied and mourned for? It
is simplybecause they were poor Mexicans and
the other man was a prince. Why was it that
you heard no expression of sympathy for Lopez
or Crittenden or Walker who perished in just
the same kind of a cause as that in which
Maximilian has perished ? For no other rea-
son than because they were simply poor repub-
licans and had not the position that Max-
imilian held in the world. It is a fact that
republicans in America are almost as ready to
bow down to kings and princes as are the peo-
ple in the old countries themselves. There is
.. portion of our population, if not the entire
population, that is as ready to do obeisance to
royalty as any of the devotees of that castc in
Europe. In this country we would expect of
course parties to separate themselves distinctly
on this question. Those who are truly in
favor of republican institutions, those whose
hearts sympathize with republican institutions,
will sympathize with the act of this unfortunate,
brave, true, and courageous people in their
gallant and patriotic conduct on this occasion,
in their proud position in maintaining faith-
fully their principles, and visiting vengeance
upon the man who assailed the dignity of their
national character, and assumed to wield the
power and the sovereignty of the Mexican
nation in defiance of truth and justice.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask for the reading of
the resolution.
The Chief Clerk road it, as follows:
Whereas it is alleged that Maximilian, the so-
called Emperor of Mexico, did on the3dday of Octo-
ber, 1865, issuo tho following degree:
maximilian, emperor of mexico.
Having heard our council of ministers and our
council of state, wc decree:
Article 1. All persons belonging to armed bands
or corps not legally authorized, whether they proclaim
or not any political principles, and whatever be the
number of those who composo the said bands, their
organization,character, and denomination, shall bo
tried militariiy by the courts-martial; and if found
guilty, oven of tho only fact of belonging to the band,
they shall be condemned to capital punishment
within the twenty-four hours following: the sen-
t0ABT. 2. Those who, belonging to the bands men-
tioned in the previous article, will be captured with
arms in their hands, shall bo tried by the oiliccr oi
the force which has captured them, and ho shall
within a delay never extending over twenty-tour
hours after the said capture, make a verbal inquest
of the offenses, hearing the defense of the prisoner.
Of this inuuest he will draw an act, closing with the
sentence, which must be to capital punishment it
the accused is found guilty, even if only of*ta© .fact
of belonging to the band.. The officer shall ha\ c the
sentence executed within the twcnty-iour-hours
aforesaid, seeing that the criminal recei™
assistance. The sentence having been executed, the
officer shall forward the act ot inquest to the minis-
teAET73arFrom the penalty established in the pre-
ceding article shall only ho exempted those who,
having done nothing more than bem? with the band,
will prove that they were made to jom it by lorcc,
or die? not belong to it, but were found accidentally
"am 4 If, from the inquest mentioned, in article
two, facts are elicited which induce tho officer holding
it to bolievo that the prisoner was made to join the
band by force, without having committed any other
crime, or that ho wak found accidentally m it, with-
out belonging to it, the said officer shall abstain from
passing sentence; and bo shall setod tho accused, wito
tho respective act of inquest, to the proper court-
martial, in order that tho trial be proceeded with by;
the latter, in conformity with article t>fie. ''
Art. 5. Shall be tried and sentenced conformably
with article one of this law: 1st. All those who will
voluntarily assist the " gucrr%Uero 'y with moneys or
any other means whatever. 2d. Those who Trill giro
them advice, information, or counsel. 3d. Those
who voluntarily, and knowing that they are "guer-
rilleros," will put within their reach, or sell them
arms, horses, ammunition, subsistence, or any arti-
cles of war whatever.
Art. 6. Shall also be tried conformably with the
said article first: 1  Tfaoso who will hold with tho
"guerrilla-os" such relations as infer connivance
with them. 2. Those ttho, voluntarily and know-
ingly, will conceal them in their housos or estates,
3, Those who, by Word or writing, will spread false
or alarming reports by which public order may bo
disturbed, or will make against it any kind of dem-
onstration whatever. 4. All owners or adminis-
trators of rural ostatcs who will not givo prompt
notice to tho nearest authority of the passage of
some band through tho same estates. Those in-
cluded in paragraphs one and two of this article
shall be punished by imprisonment from six months
to two years, or by hard labor from one to three
years, according to the gravity of the casfe. Those
who, being included in paragraph two, were the
asccndants, descendants, spouses, or brothers of tho
party conccMed by them, shall not suffer the penalty
aforesaid, but they shall remain subject to tho vigil-
ance of the authorities during .the time the court-
martial will fix. Those included in paragraph tnree
of this article shall be punished by a fine of from
twenty-five to one thousand dollars, or byjmprison-
ment from one month to one year, according to the
gravity of the offenso. Those included in paragraph
four of this articlcshall bepunished by a fine of from
two hundred to two thousand dollars.
Art. 7. The local authorities of the villages who
will not give notice to their immediate superiors of
the passage through their villages of armed men
will bo ministerially punished by the said superiors
by a fine of from two hundred to two thousand dol-
lars, or by soolusion from three months to two years.
Art. 8. Whatever residents of a village who, hav-
ing information of the proximity or passage of armed
men by tho village, will not give notice of it to tho
authorities shall suffer a fine of from five to five mm -
dred dollars.
Art. 9. AH residents of a village threatened by
some gang, who are between tho ages of eightoon
and fifty-five years, and have no physical disability,
aro obliged to present themselves for the common
defense as soon as called, and for failing to do so they
shall bo punished by a fine of from five to two hun-
dred dollars, or by imprisonment of fifteen days to
four months. If the authorities think it more proper
to punish the village for not having defended itself,
they may impose upon it a fine of from two hundred
to two thousand dollars, and the said fine shall bo
paid bv all those together, who, being in the category
prescribed by this article, did not present themselves
for the common defenso.
Art. 10. All owners or administrators of rural
estates, who, being able to defend themselves, will
not prevent tho entrance on tho said estates of guer~
rilleros or othor malefactors; or, after these have
entered, will not give immediate information of it
to tho nearest military authority; or will receive on
the estates the tired or wounded horses of the gangs,
without notifying tho said authority of the fact, sha ll
bo punished for it by a fine of from one hundred to
two thousand dollars, according to the importance
of the case; and if it is of great gravity, they shall be
put in prison and sent to the court-martial, to be
tried by the lattor conformably with 4ho law. The
fine shall he paid to the principal administrator of
rents to which the estate belongs. The provision of
the first pai t of this article is applicable to tho popu-
lations.
Art. 11. Whatever authorities, whether political,
military, or municipal, shall abstain from proceed-
ing, in conformity with the provisions of this law.
against partiessuspected or known to have committed
the offenses provided for in said law, will be minis-
terially punished by a fino of from fifty to one thou-
sand dollars; and if it appear that the .fault was of
such a nature as to import complicity with the crim-
inal the said authorities will be submitted by order
of the Government to the court-martial, to be tried
by the latter and punished according to the gravity
of the offense. , ,, t j ■
Art. 12. Thieves shall be tried and sentenced m
conformity with article one of this law, whatever
may be the nature and circumstances of the theft. -
Art. 13. Tho sentence of death pronounced for
offeuscs provided for by this law shall bet executed
within tho delays prescribed in it, and it is prohib-
ited that any demands for pardon begone through.
If the sentence is not of death and the criminal is a
foreigner, even after its execution the Government
may use toward him the faculty it has to expel
from the territory of the nation all obnoxious stran-
gers.
Art. 14. Amnesty is granted to all those who may
have belonged, and may still belong, to armed bands
if they present themselves to the authorities before
the 15th of November next, provided they have not
committed any other offenses subsequently to the
date of the present law. The authorities will receive
the arms of those who will present themselves to
accept tho amnesty.
Art. 15. The Government reserves the faculty to
declarc when tho provisions of this law will cease.
Each one of our minister \9 charged with tho exe-
