606
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
Say half past three or a
Mr. SUMNER. Why take a recess now?
_ The PRESIDENT pro lempore. The ques-
tion will be first put on the longest time pro-
posed.
Mr. SUMNER. If we are to have a recess,
I hope it will not be till seven o'clock.
The amendment wag not agreed to; there
being on a division—ayes 15, noes 18.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. -The ques-
tion recurs on the motion of the Senator from
Vermont, that the Senate take a recess till four
o'clock.
Mr* SUMNER.
quarter before four.
Mr. DRAKE. Why take a recess at all?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Because we have nothing
to do at present.
The motion was not agreed to—ayes five, noes
not counted,
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now I move that the
Senate take a recess until half past seven, and
on that I wish to say a word to the Senate. It
is very certain that by remaining here now we
cannot have the reconstruction bill back from
the House of Representatives before the usual
dinner hour. The House committee have
recommended a number of amendments to our
bill. If those amendments prevail it involves
the necessity of engrossing the bill again, which
of course must take time. It cannot be known
what amendments are to be engrossed until
they are acted upon. If we remain here, we
^taay not perhaps get the bill before six or seven
o'clock. Now, we may just as well go home
and come back at half past seven. We shall
lose no time by it, but it will "ive us an oppor-
tunity to get our dinners. Perhaps by that
time we may get the bill; I hope so.
Mr. WADE, (Mr. Pomeroy in the chair.)
I wish the Senator from Illinois would with-
draw his motion for a moment. I want to
endeavor to get up a little bill that has come
from the other House in regard to desertions
from the Army. I believe that absolute justice
and humanity require its passage.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall withdraw my
motion at the suggestion of the Senator from
Ohio if the Senate is disposed to do any busi-
ness.
volunteer soldiers and seamen.
Mr. WADE. I think the bill to which I
have called attention ought to be passed,*and
it can be done very soon if gentlemen believe
as I do that justice and humanity require that
it should be. Soldiers enlisted for three years;
and when their time was up and the war was
supposed to be entirely over some of the best
and bravest soldiers we had in the field left
the Army, supposing they had the right to go,
without a formal discharge. They went home
under that supposition—men who would no
more have deserted than General Grant would
have deserted. Some of the best and bravest
men yon had, under that supposition, not being
regular soldiers but volunteers, not under-
standing the technicalities of military rule,
went home, and intended no wrong by it; but
they are condemned now as deserters and
many of them are languishing in prison. I
hope we shall take the time, at all events, to
pass that little bill, which I think justice re-
quires. I ask unanimous consent of the Sen-
ate to do it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy.) With the consent of the Senate, the
Chair will lay before the body a bill from the
House of Representatives. Is there any ob-
jection ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us hear what it is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The title of
the bill will be read for the information of the
Senate.
The Chief Cleek. _ A bill (H. R. No. 108)
for the relief of certain volunteer soldiers End
sailors therein designated.
• ?^r*-^^p-SICKS. _ When that bill is con-
sideredby the Senate, if it is within the rule
11 t i e"ate t0 cocsider ^ at this session at
all, 1 desire to move an amendment proposing
to repeal the provision of law passed some
three or four years ago prescribing an addi-
tional punishment for the crime of desertion,
affecting the citizenship of the soldier who may
have left the service. That provision to which
I refer has created a good deal of doubt with
regard to the condition of those soldiers, some
of whom, to say the least of it, deserted with-
out any moral wrong, as is the case with the
class referred to by the Senator from Ohio. I
should not be willing, however, to agree to the
consideration of the bill now. I did not sup-
pose, under the rule adopted by the Senate,
that a bill of that sort could be considered at
this session.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion before the Senate is, Is there objection ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. There is objection to
the passage of the bill now.
Mr. WADE. Will the Senator hear it read
for information, to see whether there is any
real objection ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I want to amend it
whenever it is considered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will have its first reading if there be no objec-
tion. Is there any objection? The Chair hears
none.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is objection.. I
am opposed to the bill myself, and I did not,
object because I understood the Senator from
Indiana to object. I do not see any reason
for taking this out of the usual rule we have
adopted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I renew my motion
to take a recess until half past seven o'clock.
petition.
Mr. DIXON presented a petition of William
Ilillard, of the county of Matagorda, Texas,
praying to be relieved from his disabilities
under the military bill, and to be restored to
all _ the rights and privileges of a citizen
which was ordered to lie on the table.
proposed rhknkollment of a bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull.]
Mr. DRAKE._ I appeal .to the honorable
Senator from Illinois to withdraw his motion,
in order that the concurrent resolution which
came from the House of Representatives the
other day for the re'enrollment of a bill may
be taken up. I beg the Senator to indulge the
Senators from Missouri to this extent. I think
it will take but a very few minutes to dispose
of it; and it is not at all within the prohibition
of the resolution of the 5th of J uly.
Mr. ^TRUMBULL. If the Senate is dis-
posed to act upon any business, I do not wish
to press the motion, and I withdraw it.
Mr. DRAKE. Let us try and see whether
the Senate will be disposed to acton it. I ask
that the concurrent resolution which was sent
from the House of Representatives the other
day, directing the reenrollment of House joint
resolution No. 6. be taken up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Missouri moves to postpone all prior
orders and proceed to the consideration of the
resolution from the House of Representatives
which he has indicated.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose it can only
be taken up by unanimous consent.
Mr. DRAKE. I hope no Senator will object.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not feel disposed
to^ object except upon one ground. I do not
think a measure of last session can be prop-
erly resuscitated in that way. The point that
was taken the other day is entirely conclusive
with me; the enrolled resolution having been
sent to the President and not signed by him,
and lie having given his reasons for not sign-
ing-it, I do riot think we can, by merely reBn-
rolung it and sending it to him again, make it
a law.
Mr. DRAKE. Will the honorable Senator
irom Maine be so kind as to allow the matter
to come before the Senate; and I think that
m a few minutes we can gather the sense of
the Senate one way or the other, and then we
shall know how to act.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The only objection I
have, and that is simply this: that when it is
once before the Senate the rule is broken over
for the sake of doing a thing which I think can-
not be legally done.
Mr. DRAKE. Will the honorable Senator
excuse me for calling his attention to the fact
that this does not break over the resolution
that was adopted on the 5th instant?
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator merely
wishes to get an expression of the Senate on
that point, whether or not taking it up would
be a violation of the rule or a breaking over
the rule, or a rescinding of the rule, as you
may choose to call it, I shall not interpose an
objection. I am willing that that point may
be decided.
Mr. DRAKE. I will state to the Senator
from Maine that it is a matter of exceeding
interest with the Senators and Representatives
from the State of Missouri that the accident
which defeated the signing of a bill that was
passed without dissent in both Houses, should
be remedied if possible. Now, I suggest to
the honorable Senator that it can hardly be
considered as "legislative business" within the
meaning of the resolution of the 5th of July,
when all that is asked to be done is simply to
effectuate that which had been previously done
by the two Houses. I submit with all respect
to the distinguished Senator from Maine,
whether it is not a stringent interpretation of
the rule which the terms of the rule will not
justify, to say that we cannot perform the sim-
plest and minutest act of legislative adminis-
tration merely, and that everything is to be
cut off in this way. Here we are at this mo-
ment without anything to do, propositions
made upon every side to take a recess; why
may we not occupy the time in attending to a
little matter of this kind and let it come before
the Senate, without the question of order being
raised? Then let the Senate determine the
point which the honorable Senator from Maine
has raised ; we can do it in five minutes, and
we shall know then what we have to do. If
we cannot resuscitate this bill, I believe there
will be a unanimous disposition on the part of
the Senate to pass another. I beg the honor-
able Senator not to interpose a question of
order at this time.
Mr. HENDERSON. In orderthatthe Sen-
ate may understand the question which is
before them 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion how is on proceeding to the considera-
tion of the resolution.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am aware"of it; but
in order that the Senate may understand that
in all probability we are not violating the rule
by taking up this question I desire to refer to
the facta. On the 28th of March last the Sen-
ate passed a House joint resolution in these
words:
Joint resolution placing certain troops of Missouri
on an equal footing with others as to bounties.
Be it resolved, by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled. That the troops recognized in an act en-
titled "An act making appropriations for complet-
ing tho defenses of Washington, and for other pur-
poses," approved February 13, 1862, be, and are
lereby, considered as placed on an equal footing
with the volunteers as to bounties, and that all laws
relating to bounties be applicable to them as to
other volunteers.
That joint resolution was passed on the 28th,
and Congress adjourned on the 30th of March.
The resolution after having been enrolled was
put into the hands of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills. He laid it on his
desk and neglected before the adjournment to
take it to the President; but immediately af
ter the adjournment of Congress he took it to
the President, and the President made t.sii
indorsement upon the resolution:
Joint resolution placing certain troops of Missouri
on an equal footing with others as to bounties.
The firstsession of the Fortieth Congress a<ljourned
on tho 30th day of March, 1867. This bill, which was
passed durinsthat session, was not presented tor my
approval by lion. udmund (1. Ross, of the Senate
of the United iitatus, and a mcmbei of the Commit-
tee on Enrolled Bills, until Monday, the 1st day of
April, 1867, two days after the adjournment. Itis not
