608
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
breathe the breath of life into a law. I say
not, surely not. It is merely continuing con-
trol over our own action; it is to send a bill to
the President.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The other bill we have
nothing to do with. That was the action of the
Clerk. A bill was found that had not been
sent to the President; it had been enrolled
and signed by the President of the Senate and
the Speaker of the House of Representatives
at the last-session, and by some agency it got
at this session to the President of the United
States. It was by no agency of ours. We had
nothing to do with it. He sends us notice that
he has signed" such a hill; and that calls for no
action here. Now, this calls for action here.
Mr. HENDERSON. The only question
between the Senator from Maine and myself
is whether this is legislating.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That I do not say any-
thing about. I only point out the difference
between this case and that cited.
Mr. TEUMBULL. Gentlemen seem to be
discussing this whole matter. It appears to
me that the reading of the Constitution settles
this question. It provides:
"If anybill shall not be returned by the President
within ten days (Sundays excepted) after it shall
have been presented to him"—
this bill was presented to him—
*' the same shall be a law in like manner as if he
jiad signed it, unless the Congress by their adjourn-
ment prevent its return, in which case it shall not be
a law."
Now, it is a law if we have been in session
all the time, because it was presented to the
President and he did not return it. If we were
not in session, and by our adjournment pre-
vented its return, then it is not a law. These
are the words of the Constitution. Now, sir,
it cannot be supposed that the President could
have held all the bills of the last session for
three months. During the intermediate time,
from March to July, we were in session or we
were not in session. Which were we? If we
were in session, it is a law—he did not return
it; if we were not in session, it is not a law.
Mr. HENDERSON. He has signed one
bill.
Mr. TEUMBULL. That presents another
question. If the bill was presented to him, he
might sign it. Why can we not present a bill
after a regular adjournment? What is the
reason? I do not know anything in the Con-
stitution that requires a bill to be taken to
the President on the day it passes this body.
Under our rules we can hold it for six months
or till the next session of Congress before we
send it to him.
* Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Allow me to
ask whether this bill has ever been presented
to the President ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The President says it
has been.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, he does
not say that. He says that two days after the
adjournment it was presented.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was presented.
Mr. MORKILL, of Maine. Could it be
presented after Congress had adjourned ? On
the reasoning of the honorable Senator, I sug-
gest that it may be presented now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know that
there is anything to prevent a bill being pre-
sented to the President after our adjournment.
When it is presented to him, what is he to do?
Clearly, you cannot deprive the President of
his right to veto a bill by a recess extending
beyond ten days. That is a constitutional
right; he has a right to send it back and have
the judgment of the two Houses upon it. ¥ou
cannot make it a law, in case he does not
return it, when he has no power to return it.
It is very clear to my mind that this bill is not
a law, although it is more than ten days since
it was presented to the President. Why is it
not a law? Tf it is a law, it has become a law
by depriving the President of an opportunity
to return it. But suppose he had signed it;
would it then have been a law? That pre-
sents another question. Perhaps it would.
I am inclined to think it would have been a
law if he had signed it. I can see, however,
that the practice of presenting and signing
bills in that way would be a very bad practice,
<ind I hope the Congress of the United States
will never fall into the practice of presenting
bills to the President after Congress has
adjourned. But I do not see any legal or
constitutional reason why this bill would not
be a law if the President had thought proper
to sign it; but not having signed it, it seems
to me it is not a law. It was presented to
him, and if by signing it he could have made
it a law, then the presentation is good; but
he not having signed it, it is a dead bill, and
you cannot make it an act that is passed by
both Houses by this process.
Mr. HENDERSON. I should like to ask the
Senator whether if this be an adjournment the
officers of the Senate had a right to present
that bill to the President after our adjourn-
ment, or whether that was a legal presenta-
tion of the bill to the President?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have already said that
I thought the practice very bad, but I do not
know any legal or constitutional reasons why
we cannot present a bill to the President after
adjournment, nor why he cannot, if he thinks
proper, sign it. This having been presented
to him, it has lost its vitality as a bill. That
would be the view I should be inclined to take
of it. At any rate, I hope the Senate will not
act with any haste in regard to this matter. It
involves very important constitutional ques-
tions, as the Senate will see by a moment's
reflection. Certainly we cannot by our rules
adopt any course of action which will deprive
the President of his constitutional prerogative
to veto.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to my friend
that that clause of the Constitution which says
that it shall not become a law in the event of
an adjournment preventing its return is simply
saying that we shall not by adjournment de-
prive the President of his power to send a bill
back. It lias no reference to a bill which he
may choose to sign that has been sent to him
season. I have no question on that
subject that he may sign such a bill after we
adjourn ; but it does not become a law unless
he does sign it, notwithstanding the expiration
of the ten days after the adjournment.
Mr. HENDERSON. My idea upon this
subject, from the lights now shed on it, is con-
tained in the remarks of the Senator from
Maine, that there never has been a legal pre-
sentation of this bill to the President. Now,
suppose the President had never seen this bill,
suppose the chairman of our committee had
not taken it to him after the adjournment of
the March session, what would have been the
situation of the bill? Could it now by order
of the genate alone be sent to the President
without the joint order of the two Houses?
Could we have required the Committee on
Enrolled Bills to take that bill up to the Pres-
ident for his signature? I think most assur-
edly so. If we could do that, certainly this
proposed resolution does not fall within the
rule we have adopted,because it is not legisla-
tion. It does not require the action of the
President. It is only the control which we
may properly exercise over our own proceed-
ings, just such as a court exercises over its
proceedings, over its record and over the re-
turns of its officers. It seems to me that it is
clearly within the jurisdiction of the Senate to
say that this was no legal presentation of the
bill, that it has never been before the Presi-
dent at all, and not having been presented to
him it is a bill before us. Now can we not
order that bill to be sent to the President ? If
not, the President assuredly has made a law
by his signature of a bill, improperly at the
present session. He certainly exercised the
right to sign it and he made no objection to it
because it was presented at this session, hav-
ing been passed at the last.
The difficulty of this question is that this is
the first session of the'Fortieth Congress. It
cannot be the second session. If there was an
adjournment, it is the second session. If this
is a session made by law it is the second session
of the Fortieth Congress. But surely our pro-
ceedings are all under the head and title of the
first session of the Fortieth Congress, and will
go to the country as such. Then there has
been a mere recess of the two Houses. We
took a recess, I believe, from the 20th of last
December to the 3d of January. I can show
to the Senate bills that were signed by the
President during that recess. There was an
interval of more than ten days during which
Congress was not in session. We adjourned
on the 20th of December, and yet there was an
act signed by the President on the 2Gth. Was
that a law ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. We all think so.
Mr. HENDERSON. _ If it be so, why is it
that we cannot take jurisdiction over this mat-
ter ourselves without tte action of the House
of Representatives at all? This is not a reso-
lution to be sent to the President to give validity
to the old act, but we simply ask our officer to
represent, 'or rather to present, because the
first presentation was an illegal one, and there-
fore without validity 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not that. It was a
legal presentation on the ground that he could
sign the bill and make it a law. That is ex-
actly what the Senator has been proving. He
has shown that the bill was signed during a
recess
Mr. HENDERSON. But the Senator says
that this was an adjournment; he takes the
ground that this was an adjournment and not
a recess. If it was an adjournment, what
right had the chairman of the committee to
present this bill? Surely the Senator is not
correct. His argument does not hang together.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator, I under-
stand, has undertaken to prove that during
the holidays bills were presented to and signed
by the President.
Mr. HENDERSON. Because that was a
recess.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, if it had been an
adjournment and a bill had been presented to
him and signed by him, it would have been a
law.
Mr. HENDERSON. I think not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think so.
Mr. HENDERSON. Surely not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If a bill was presented
to him and he thought proper to sign it, that
made'it a law, whether there was an adjourn-
ment or a recess. You cannot adjourn for more
than three days at a time except by a concur-
rent resolution, and then it amounts to an
adjournment of Congress.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator from
Maine calls my attention to the ninth joint rule
of the two Houses in regard to the presentation
of enrolled bills to the President:
"9. After a bili shall have been thus signed in each
House,it shall be presented by the said committee to
the President of the United States for his approba-
tion, (it being first indorsed on the back of the roll,
certifying in which House the same originated, which
indorsement shall be signed by the Secretary or Clerk,
as the case may be, of the House in which the same
did originate,) and shall be entered on tho Journal of
each House. The same committee shall report the
day of presentation to the President; which timo
shall also be carefully entered on the Journal of each
House."
How can that be. done unless we are in
session ? I cannot see.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The rule seems to imply
that. ' 
Mr. HENDERSON. Therefore it must
certainly be that there has been no presenta-
tion of this bill. Now, the only question is,
have we jurisdiction over this act of Congress.
Have we a right to pass a "simple resolution by
the Senate requiring the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills to present a certain
bill to the President ? That is the only ques-
tion now before the Senate. That is not legis-
lation, surely. There is nothing legislative in it.
Mr. COCKLING. Then tho resolution
ought not to be eoncurrsnt.
