1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
609:;
Mr. HENDERSON. That does not injure
it. I thought it need not be a concurrent res-
olution,when the other House acted.
Mr. DRAKE. ,1 suggest "to the honorable
Senator from New York that the reason why
it was made a concurrent resolution was in
order that the Presiding Officers of the tvvo
Houses might have the warrant of this resolu-
tion for signing the re8nrolled bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The read-
ing of the resolution was.called for some time
ago by the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Drake.]
It will now be read if the^e be no objection.
The Chief Clerk read the following resolu-
tion adopted by the House of Representatives
on the 8th instant:
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That the Clerk of the House of
Representatives be instructed and directed, and is
hereby instructed and directed, toreem-oll House res-
olution No. 6 of this the Fortieth Congress, that the
same may be again signed by the Presiding Officers of
the Senate and the House, and be again presented to
the President for his approval.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
wjll remark that after hearing the resolution
read, and seeing that it proposes to make that
a law which is not now a law, he must change
his ruling, and hold that it be objectionable
under the resolution heretofore adopted by the
Senate.
Mr. DRAKE. I beg the Chair to submit
the question to the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Missouri appeals from the decision of
the Chair.
Mr. DRAKE. No, I do not appeal. I beg
the Chair to snbmit the question to the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will submit the question to the Senate whether
the resolution shall be considered, notwith-
standing the resolution of the 5th of July.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The question is whether
it is in order.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is, Is it in order, under the resolution of
the Senate^ to consider this concurrent resolu-
tion ?
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes II, noes 15; no quorum voting.
Mr. HENDERSON called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. DRAKE. Without wishing to protract
debate, I simply desire to call the attention of
Senators to the exact position of the matter.
It is not a question whether the Senate is in
favor of this resolution or not, but the simple
question is whether it is out of order or in order
to act upon this particular proposition under
the resolution of the 5th of July.
Mr. CONKLING. The question submit-
ted to the Senate is whether the Senate is in
favor of taking up this matter. I wish to say
• for one that I cannot believe this is the true
way to correct the difficulty ; but I understand
that, we are called to vote now upon the
simple question whether this resolution, which
is merely concurrent and which I think need
not have been even concurrent, and which I
conceive to be only an order of the Senate
. and of the House acting upon their officers, is
legislative business or not. Whatever may be
the form of the question, that is the substance
on which I for one feel bound to vote. I do
not see in what sense it i-s legislative any more
than would be an order of the Senate direct-
ing one of its ministers to do any other act. It
is not the making of a la#. Although, as I
say, I do not believe this is the true way to
cure the difficulty, and I do not believe it is
competent to resuscitate this law in this way,
yet on the mere question of taking up the res-
olution, I feel bound to vote in the affirmative,
because I do not believe it is legislative busi-
ness, and therefore not within the rule lately
adopted by the Senate.
Mr. ROSS. I cannot see how this resolu-
tion can be objectionable under the rule which
has been -adopted by the Senate. As has been
suggested, it is simply a direction to the Clerks
of the two bodies to perform a clerical duty.
It is no more making a law than is the direction
40th Cong. 1st Sess.—"No. 39.
to perform .any other clerical duty. The law,
in my judgment, exists ; or the bill is in exist-
ence. There has been no legal presentation
of it to the President. I think that is evident !
from the discussion we have had to-day ; and
under the peculiar circumstances of the case
I trust the Senate will take this view of it and
permit the subject to be acted on.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
how many kinds of business we have in this
body. Is it not executive business that is pro-
posed to be done? If it is not executive 
Mr. POMEROY. It is clerical.
Mr. TRUMBULL. _I_was not aware that
there was any such business.
Mr. BUCKALE W. I suppose the President
of the Senate signs an enrolled bill and an-
nounces it publicly in the session of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know what
sort of business this is. My friend from New
York says it is not legislative, and I suppose
it is not executive. If it has any other desig-
nation, I do not know what to call it.
Mi\ CONKLING. I hope the Senator from
Illinois does not mean to instruct us that ail
business that we do which is not legislative
must be executive, that these are the only two
kinds of business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What other business is
there ?
Mr. CONKLING. Does the Senator mean
that every resolution or order that the Senate
makes is legislative business? Suppose the
Senate should pass a resolution that they would
dispense with the services of a- chaplain to-
morrow morning, and not require him to make
a prayer; would that be legislative business?
Mr. TRUMBULL. What sort of business
is it?
Mr. CONKLING. Legislative business I
conceive to be that business which pertains to
the making of a law, a law being a public rule
of action, which must be adopted by both
Houses with the concurrence of the Execu-
tive. Whatever goes to that, whatever goes
to the function of law-making, is legislative
business; but whatever pertains to the direc-
tion of our own officers is not necessarily
legislative business. Suppose we direct the
Sergeant-at-Arms to employ three more pages
than are here, or to dispense with three pages,
is that legislative business? Suppose we direct
the Clerk to make a certain entry on the Jour-
nal, is that legislative business ? And yet all
this is done by an order or resolution of the
Senate. I heard it said here the other day that
votes of thanks to officers were legislative in
their character, and the reason assigned was
that they were joint resolutions and the Presi-
dent must sign them ; and Senators said they
went into the statute-book, iu aplaee by them-
selves to be sure, but still were treated in a
quasi sense as laws. That may be so ; that,
if you please, is a border case; but the idea
that every utterance of the Senate in the nature
of an order directed to one of the ministers
of the Senate is necessarily legislative I must
say I cannot consent to, even upon authority so
high as that of the distinguished Senator from
Illinois.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion for the Senate is whether it is in order to
take up for consideration the resolution men-
tioned, and on that question the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 12, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Conkling, Drake, Fowler, Harlan,
Henderson, Norton, Nye, Ross, Sumner, lhayer,
Tipton, and Wade—12. .
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Buckalew, Cameron, Cole,
Cragin, Davis, Edmunds, Fessenden, Frelmghuysen,
Grimes, Hendricks. Morgan. Patterson of Tennessee,
Pomeroy, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Willey, and Wil-
S°ABSJGNT —Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Chandler,
Conness, Corbett. Dixon, Doohttle, Ferry, Guthrie,
Howard, Howe, Johnson, Morrill of Maine, Morrill
of "Vermont, Morton, Patterson of New Hampshire,
Ramsey, Saulsbury, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Wil-
liams, and Yates—-23.
So the resolution was held not to be in
order.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I now move that
the Senate take a recess until Italf past seven
o'clock.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope not; and I desire
to make a statement. A geiitleman came in
from the House a short time ago, who told me
that a distinguished member of the House
assured him that the vote would probably be
taken within an hour.
Mr. EDMUNDS. They are calling the yeas
and nays now, but they may have to take them
once or twice more.
Mr. SUMNER. I received that information
about half an hour ago ; and I suggest that we
sit here to receive the bill and order it to be
printed. I understand that there are five sec-
tions, and it seems to me we ought not to act,
and for one I should object to proceeding with
it until I can see it in print. 1 think it is too
important a matter for us to undertake to shoot
flying. I think, therefore, we had better pro-
ceed a little while longer.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will state that I was
informed very directly, as the Senator from
Massachusetts was, that iu fifteen minutes we
should liavo the bill here. That was about
three quarters of an hour ago. About twenty-
five minutes ago, nearly half an hour, another
gentleman came over and said they were about
ready to vote, and he thought we should get
the bill here in an hour. I have not the slight-
est idea that we shall get the bill here for any
action before half-past seven o'clock. We may
as well go and get our dinners, and come back
then and see what we> can do with it, either
act on it or print it, as the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts desires. We can then determine
what to do with it; at any rate we can do no
good by staying here now.
Mr. SUMNER. We cannot proceed with
it to-night. I appeal to the Senator would it
be right for us now to aet on five sections?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not suppose there
will be any five sections. The Senator assumes
that. The amendments may be merely verbal.
I have no such information as that, and the
Senator cannot have.
Mr. SUMNER. My information is that
there are five sections that have been incorpo-
rated.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Have they been agreed
to?
Mr. ANTHONY. I believe they are mainly
amendments that the Senator from Massachu-
setts offered here, and we shall have no trouble
with them.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from New
Jersey, that the Senate take a recess until half
past seven o'clock.
Mr. SUMNER. I move to amend that by
saying eight o'clock. It will be a little cooler
then.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move to amend the
motion by naming six o'clock.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on the motion of the Senator from
New Jcrsey.  
The motion was agreed to; and at five min-
utes past four o'clock the Senate took a recess
until half-past seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
Mr. SUMNER. Is there any business be-
fore the Senate?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. I would ask the Senate if
they can do anything better than proceed with
the consideration of Senate bill No. 115?
Mr. HARLAN. Before that is taken up I
have a little resolution to offer, that will not, I
think, lead to any debate.
Mr. SUMNER. I give way, but with great
reluctance. This is an important measure.
revision of district latvs.
Mr. HARLAN submitted the following res-
