610
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
olution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the District of
Columbia, in the prosecution of the revision of the
laws of said District, as provided by Senate resolu-
tion of 2d April, 1867, have leave to sit during the
recess of Congress.
reconstruction.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 115; and if there is any objection to it I
should like to hear it.
Mr. GRIMES. Give us the title of the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. That can be given from
the desk.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersost, its Clerk, announced
that the House concurred in the amendment of
the! Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 123) supple-
mentary to an act entitled "An act to provide
for the more efficient government of the rebel
States," passed on the 2d day of March, 1867,
and the acts supplementary thereto, passed on
the 23d day of March, 1867, with amendments,
in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested,
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to have the
title of the bill that I propose to take up read.
The Chief Clerk. A bill (S. No. 115) to
enforce the several provisions of the Constitu-
tion abolishing slavery, declaring the immuni-
ties of citizens, and guarantying a republican
form of government, by securing the elective
franchise to colored citizens.
Mr. SUMNER. Now, if that should be
passed unanimously to-night, it would put the
cap-stone on the reconstruction act, and the
Senate might go home in peace and exp£et
peace throughout the country.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I presume my friend
from Massachusetts is not serious in asking to
call up that bill to-night, and with his permis-
sion I propose that we take up the message
from the House of Representatives.
_Mr. SUMNER. I do not intend to antago-
nize my bill with that, because they are en-
tirely in harmony. The one is the natural
sequence of the other. You cannot pass the
one if you are reasonable Senators, as of
course you are, without jiassing the other.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us take up the
message from tlie House first, at any rate.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well. Pass the House
bill, and then take up mine.
The PRESIDENTtempore. The Chair
understands the Senator from Massachusetts
to withdraw his motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that we pro-
ceed to the consideration of the message from
the House of Representatives.
The motion was agreed to.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the
amendments of the House of Representatives
to the Senate amendment to House -bill No.
123. The first amendment was to strike out
the first section of the Senate amendment,
and in lieu thereof to insert:
^ That it is hereby declared to have been the true
intent and meaning of the act of the 2d day of March,
1867, entitled "An act to provide for the more efficient
government of the rebel St sites," and of the act sup-
plementary thereto, passed on tho 23d day of March,
18b7, that the governments then existing- in the rebel
fetates of Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina,
Georgia, Mississippi, Alabama, Louisiana, Florida,
iexas, and Arkansas were illegal; and that there-
after said governments, if continued, were to be
continued bubject in all respects to the military
commanders of the respective districts, and to the
authority of Congress.
_ The next amendment was to strike out in
lines three and four of section two the words
" subject to the approval of the General of
the Army of the United States;" and in lines
seventeen and eighteen to strike out the words
" subject to the approval of the General afore-
said" and to add to the section these words:
And to fill vacancies occasioned by deatli or resig-
nation; and the district commander, whenever he
saall deem it necessary, shall have power to set aside,
suspend, or affirm any act or proceeding of any
state government, or any municipal, or other divi^-
virtieofiteauthMUy0.1 °'" ^ ^ Und°r °r by
The next amendment
was in section three,
after the word "appointment" in line three,
to insert "removal."
The next amendment was to add to section
four:
And it shall be the duty of such commander to
remove from office, as aforesaid, all persons who are
disloyal to the Government of the United States, or
who use their official influence in any manner to hin-
der, delay, or obstruct the due and proper adminis-
tration of this act and the acts to which it is supple-
mentary.
The next amendment was in section five, to
strike out from the word "before" in line ten
to the word "act" in line fourteen, inclusive,
and to insert in lieu of the words stricken out
"to admit to registration only such persons as
they may deem entitled to be registered by the
acts aforesaid."
The next amendment was in section five, to
strike out all after the word "registration," in
line twenty-two, to the word "provided" in
line twenty-nine.
The next amendment was in section six, line
seventeen, to strike out the words "the gen-
eral laws," and in lieu thereof insert "any
general law."
The next amendment was to add to section
six '' or for the administration of justice, or for
the keeping of the public peace."
The next amendment was in section seven,
line eight, to strike out the word "twenty"
and insert " fourteen."
The next amendment was to add after section
eight the following section :
Sec. 0. And be it farther enacted, That no civil court
of the United States, or of any State, shall have juris-
diction of any action or proceeding, civil or criminal,
againstany such district commander or any officeror
person acting by his authority, for or on account of
the discharge of the duties imposed upon him by this
act or tho acts to wlueh it is supplementary.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That no district
commander shall be relieved from the command as-
signed to him under tho aforesaid acts, unless by
order ot the General of the Army of the United
States, or unless the Senate shall have first advised
and consented thereto, orunlessby senteneeof court-
martial he shall be cashiered and dismissed from the
Army, or in arrest for an offense punishable by dis-
missal from the Army, or disqualified by sickness for
the performance of his duties.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted. That any person
or persons who shall prevent or attempt to prevent
or obstruct tho execution of this act or either of the
acts to which it is supplementary, shall be guilty of a
misdemeanor, and on conviction thereof shall be
fined in a sum not exceeding 65,000, or imprisoned
one year, or both, at the discretion of the court; Pro-
vided, .That tbissection shall not extend to or include
any offense or offenses of which the military author-
ities mny havo or take jurisdiction under the pro-
visions of this act or the acts to which it is supple-
mentary.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That all members
of said boards of registration, and all persons hold-
ing office in said military districts under State or
municipal authority, or by detail or appointment of
the district commanders, shall be required to take
and subscribe the oath of office prescribed by law for
officers of the United States.
Sec. 33. And be it further enacted, That no district
commander or member of the board of registration,
°£ an>\of t^ie officers or appointees acting under
them, shall be bound in his action by any opinion
of any officer of the United States. *
The next amendment was to change section
nine to section fourteen.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There are two courses,
I think, which we might pursue with these
amendments. There are, 1 think, some eight
or -ten of them; I did not keep the precise
count. I am sure, from looking over them
carefully—at least that is my own opinion,
and I think from the indications in the Senate
it would be" tho opinion of the Senate—that
there are some of those amendments that the
Senate never would agree to. There are some
of them tnat T could not vote for. There are
a number of them and probably a majority of
them that X think tho Senate could agree to
without any departure from the principles
upon which it has been acting. Now, the bill
rnay either be referred to the committee, that
it may examine and report such amendments
as in its opinion ought to be agreed to, and we
could act upon them separately and agree, as
far as it is in the power of the Senate to agree,
to the amendments of the House, or we can
disagree to all the amendments and let it go in
the first instance to the committee of confer-
ence. I think o e course or the other had bet- I
ter be adopted; but as I myself never was very I
partial to these committees of conference, and
think it better the whole body should act on
important bills of this kind, and they can act
on each amendment by itself rather than be
forced to vote on the whole 'report of a com-
mittee of conference. I will move, rather as
my own judgment in the matter than as know-
ing whether it will meet the view of the Sen-
ate or not, to refer the bill and amendments to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and that they
be printed.
Mr. WILSON. _ I hope this course will not
be pursued. I think it will keep -us here a long
while. These are very plain and simple prop-
ositions, and I think most cf them we can con-
cur in at once and send the bill back to the
House and then have a conferencc on the dis-
agreeing votes. I do not think there are more
than one or two of the House propositions
which the Senate will not concur in. They
are very simple propositions and I think gen-
erally improvements on our bill. I hope we
shall proceed now and act on these amend-
ments, concur in what we can, and then send
the others to the House, and perhaps the
House will recede ; if not, they may propose "a
committee of conference and then we can
have one.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope this matter will
not be sent to the Judiciary Committee again.
It; will be noticed that there is no new propo-
sition in these amendments of the House; they
are all ideas which were distinctly contained in
the House bill which was sent to us ; they are
all ideas which have been in some form or
other, almost all of them, and I do not know
but all, presented by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Sumner] as amendments to the
bill of the Senate, which we finally adopted as
an amendment to the House bill. They have
all had the consideration of this body. They
have had its judgment in votes adverse to
agreeing to them. Now, it seems to me that
the plainest and shortest way is to disagree to
the whole of these amendments in a body, and
ask of the House of Representatives a confer-
ence in the usual way, that we may harmonize
our views. _ It is useless to take up the time of
the Senate in agreeing to a half dozen of these
amendments that are merely phraseological,
so to speak, because they are perfectly trifling;
they mean the same thing that the bill means
now, and they can be agreed to in a conference
and harmonize, or still better phraseology
substituted without the least difficulty. Every-
body understands that; while if we agree to
them now in the haste of apresent consideration,
they are taken away from the consideration of
a committee of conference entirely, and if a
conference should perceive that some better
phraseology still or some modification ought to
be adopted, it is entirely out of their power.
Hence, it appears to me to be very plain, inas-
much as there is nothing hew in these differ-
ences between the two Houses. It is the same
old question; the same old ideas presented.
We had better follow the usual and straight-
forward course of disagreeing in a body and
having a conference. 1 think it had better not
be sent to the Judiciary Committee again.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to say to the
Senate that I have no sort of feeling about
this as to which course is adopted. Legisla-
tion by committees of conference has always
seemed very objectionable to me, because the
report of such a committee has to be taken as
a whole or rejected as a whole; there is no
opportunity to' amend it or change it in any
way. But this bill, as the Senator from Ver-
mont properly remarks, has had the considera-
tion of both Houses now; we have considered
most of the provisions that are added as amend-
ments by the House to our amendment; they
were mostly in the original House bill: and
if the Senate think it the more expeditious to
proceed to send it to a committee of confer-
ence, I have no objection, although my own
preference, I confess, is to mature .a bill by
the body where there can be an opportunity to
act separately upon the amendments of the
other House and agree to all that we can agree
