1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
611
to; and after that of course a conference
would be useless, because there would be noth-
ing to- confer about. When the Senate has
considered every one of the House amend-
ments, and deliberately decide that it cannot
agree to_ them, it would be of no use to appoint
a committee that would have nothing to yield;
and if a committee of conference is to be had,
I suppose we may as well have it now and
consider all these amendments together. -The
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wii-son] says
that there is nothing to trade about; but it is
the very business of a committee of conference
to harmonize by giving and taking and arrang-
ing_ the differences between %e two Houses.
It is a mode of legislation I am not partial
to; but if the Senate think proper to send it
to a committee of conference, as suggested by
the Senator from Vermont, it will be entirely
agreeable to me. I made the other motion as
an individual, preferring that course of pro-
ceeding upon this and all other general bills.
I do not know which motion has preference.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
ticjn to refer, I believe, has precedence.
Mr. SUMNER. This is one of the most
important measures that could be brought be-
fore Congress; it is one of the most important
that has ever been brought before Congress;
it ought to be considered, therefore, in such a
way as to secure for it the most careful atten-
tion, and if that can be accomplished in one
way rather than in another that way ought to be
adopted. Now, if by proceeding with each
proposition in full Senate we can act upon
them all successively, I think upon the whole
that would be the most advisable. It seems
to me that in that way we should secure what
the old lawyers and judges always required,
the aggregatio mentum; the bringing of minds
together, which I take it is the object we have
to seek. We wish to bring every one of these
propositions, if possible, before every Sena-
tor ; but if Senators are not disposed to take
up these different propositions one by one and
sift them successively, then I think it would be
better for it to go to our committee, who should
go through the sifting process and make us a
report that we may on their report have an
opportunity of doing that.
But I would observe that I do not think any
care, any attention, any time that we can give
to this will be misplaced. It is too important
for us to allow any question of time to inter-
fere with what our best judgment shall think
the best course of proceeding. In order to
determine what that best course is, I would put
ourselves back in the middle of a long session
when we had weeks and months before us, and
I would ask then what we should do with a bill
like this. I would do the same now if it took
hours, days, weeks, for our main object should
be to perfect the bill.
With these ideas my first suggestion would
be that the Senate should proceed with these
different propositions one by one, seriatim,
and see if we cannot dispose of them, or if I
may so express myself, eliminate one after the
other, and if we cannot succeed in that, we
may ask the assistance of one of our own com-
mittees or may refer it all to a committee of
conference.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Illinois
does not like committees of conference. I think,
with his explanation of what a committee of
conference is to do, he ought not to like them;
he thinks they are to trade. I do not think
committees of conference are appointed to
trade. I think committees of conference are
appointed for -a higher purpose than that.
Clearly all these amendments are of the sim-
plest character. We do not know whether we
agree with the House or not. Suppose we go
on now and act on the amendments, agree to
what we can, and refer the rest to a committee
of conference. It seems to me that is the fair
course, but if we are not to take them up in
that way, I prefer that they should go to a
committee of conference now rather than to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DRAKE. I suppose it will be in order
after the Senate shall have acted upon these
proposed amendments, and adopted part of
them, and disagreed to part of them, to have
a committee of conference on those that we
do disagree to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Of course
that would be in order.
Mr. DRAKE. Would a motion now be in
order to proceed to the consideration of these
amendments seriatim, ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the motion to refer them to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DRAKE. I hope that motion will not
prevail, but that the Senate will proceed to
act upon the amendments seriatim, find what
they can agree to and what they cannot agree
to, and send the bill back to the House.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I hope that this
subject jvill not be referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary. It seems to me that the best
way to arrive at a conclusion is to refer the
subject directly to a committee of conference
now. If they cannot agree, then we can come
back here and take up these amendments seri-
atim,, and legislate in reference to them.
Mr. GRIMES. I have precisely the same
objections to the conduct of some committees
of conference that the Senator from Illinois
has; that is to say, I object to the plan that is
sometimes adopted of a committee of confer-
ence agreeing to an entire new measure or to
provisions that have not been considered by
either House of Congress, as is sometimes the
case ; but I apprehend that this committee of
conference, with the Senator from Illinois, the
chairman of the Judiciary Committee, at the
head of it, who has such a strong repugnance to
any such course, will not do anything objection-
able. If we want to get through with the busi-
ness of this session the right way is to submit
this whole bill as it now stands to a committee
of conference. There is not a single proposi-
tion, we are told by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts and by the Senator from Illinois, that
has not in some form or other been before
both the Senate and the House. We have our
opinions already made up upon them; there is
nothing new in them; and if we adopt the
course that has been proposed of considering
some of these amendments now, we shall find
that we have got in the end to seek the aid of
a committee of conference, and the matter will
go over until next week.
Mr. CONKLING. I agree entirely with the
Senator from Massachusetts who first addressed
the Senate on this subject, that the question of
time in the sense of our own convenience is a
very paltry question, if it be one at all which
enters into this subject; and I wish to say for
one that the heat of the weather and the per-
sonal inconvenience of this particular season
of the year has never entered into the judg-
ment which I have formed of the wise duration
of this session. I. say this now because I have
heard it stated here by implication a good many
times that almost all of us, excepting the gen-
tleman who took pains to disclaim it, were not
thinking of much here except how hot we were
or whether we were hot or not. I want to say
for one that if the mercury could be graduated
anywhere which might be measured exactly by
instruments, my judgment as to the propriety
of the length of this session and as to the cor-
rect mode of disposing of this measure would,
unless I deceive myself, be precisely what it is
now; and therefore I must say that I do not
feel in need of any admonition or advice from
anybody to see to it that I do not allow my
sensation of warmth or cold to confuse or warp
my judgment during this session.
Now, sir, there is among these amendments
a very important one in principle and in char-
acter. It will seem practically very important
to the country. It is that amendment which
binds the President hand and foot as to the
displacement of these commanders. There are
in the country a great many discerning persons
who believe that, legislate as we may, this act-
ing President of the United States, fatally bent
on mischief as they think he is, retaining the
power to put out men who efficiently and earn-
estly will execute this law and replace them,
with those who will pervert and paralyze it,
will have at last the power to defeat it all.
The views of those who thus think and thus
fear are embodied in a measure in one of these
amendments which makes the power of re-
moval hinge upon some one of three things :
first, the assent of this body; or second, the
assent of the General of the Army; or third,
the judgment and sentence of a military court.
Now, 1 surmise there are those who think that
such a provision comes so near deposing the
President of the United States in his character
of Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy,
that they would feel bound to resist the pro-
vision. Here, then, is an issue distinct and
important which as it stands now is made
between the two Houses; and I beg leave,
although that is aside from the purpose with,
which I rose, to say that important as it is,
important as it seems to me at least to be, to
guard as far as constitutionally we can guard
against interference by the President with these
commanders, it is no more important than it
is to guard against the same interference with
the commanders of other military districts.
I do not know what may be the views of
Senators as to the distinctions to be made be-
tween the power that we have in the district to
which Georgia belongs and the military divis-
ion to which Tennessee-and Kentucky belongs;
but I think I can see this: that if these five
generals commanding districts in the far South
are'secured in their places, and when that is
done, if a fair election should be overturned
and prevented in the State of Tennessee by the
removal of the commander of that district and
his replacement by one who would prevent a
fair election by military force—if that should
happen, those who have devoted themselves to
the discussion of this question and have con-
fined it to those five military districts would be
in the condition of that celebrated man who
was hoist with his petard; and my impression
is, that if any provision is to be put into the
bill on that subject, it ought to extend, if it is
constitutional at all and constitutionally can be
extended, at least so far as to guard the case
which I have suggested.
I was going, however, to say that this
amendment is no doubt one of those to which
the chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary
referred when he said he believed there were
those to which the Senate could not and would
not assent, and he must have had in his mind
other amendments also, for he spoke in the
plural. If that be so—and I agree with the
chairman in the view he has on that subject—
it is very clear that sooner or later we come
to a conference committee; and what is there
in any aspect to be gained by taking up those
amendments, which, because, they are verbal,
or because they are inconsequential, or for
some other reason we might, and probably
could and would agree to, and come at last
to the same thing, with the same delay, the
same chances of ultimate difference which
would exist to-night were we to refer the
whole question now ?
I agree with the Senator from Massachusetts
who was last up that a conference committee
is not a committee made to trade ; I believe
that was the word which he made use of; but,
as everybody knows, a conference committee
is a piece of machinery arranged upon the
theory of giving and taking, upon the theory
of concession and compromise, upon the
theory of surrendering on both sides whatever
is deemed not vital and a proper subject of
surrender, to the end that all sides may insist
upon that which is deemed indispensable. In
that view we all know that this bill precisely
as it stands now is in a better condition than
it can ever assume again in its subsequent par-
liamentary stages to go, if it is to go at all, to
a committee of conference. Arid while as I
say I agree with the Senator who goes furthest
