612
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
that time as a matter of convenience is not
important, yet the practical, expeditious,
straightforward, safe mode is the true mode ;
and 1 submit to the Senate that while you sit
here to-night, to-morrow, and to-morrow night,
and vote no matter how long upon those
things which are not going to divide the two
Houses, in place of advancing, we retrograde,
because we are absolutely depriving the com-
mittee of conference, to which ultimately we
look, of the very means of bringing the two
Houses together. For one I hope we shall
disagree, pro formd, in bulk to all of these
amendments, and let them all go to a commit-
tee in the hope that they may be arranged.
Mr. SUMNER. I have listened to these
remarks of my friend from New York with
absolute pain ; I am sorry that such a speech
has been made in the Senate. Here is an
open suggestion that we are to trade off one
proposition for another in a committee of con-
ference. That is the practical result of his
statement and of his argument. I protest
with my whole soul, with every fibre of my
body, with every sentiment of my heart,
against any such suggestion. It is not constitu-
tional. I hope I shall not have the suggestion
thrown out to me that I stand alone when I
say that such a suggestion is not constitu-
tional. I say it is not constitutional that we
should go into a committee of conference in
order to trade off one truth against another
truth, one principle against another principle,
one proposition against another proposition.
No, sir, we go into a committee of conference
for a better purpose. It is for a comparison
of judgments, as I said a moment ago, for
what the old lawyers called an aggregation of
minds, not for a trading of principles.
Now the aggregations of minds is to be on
those points where there is a difference. If
there is no difference in question, then there is
no occasion of question ; but when the diffe-
rence occurs, there is the question and there is
the occasion for the committee of conference.
The committee of conference should meet,
and each side should state its views as strongly
as it can, and then it is to l;e trusted that one
will recede. If there is a recession on either
side, then there may be some alternative prop-
osition as a substitute for that special proposi-
tion. But, in the name of the Constitution of
my country, do not let us trade one proposi-
tion against another. I object to it. I say it
is unconstitutional, and it is unconstitutional
precisely as I said the other day your proposi-
tion was unconstitutional, because it was irra-
tional and unjust. I know Senators object-
ed to my use of that language; but the lan-
guage still lives, and the occasion for it lives. I
hope that we shall not go into any committee
of conference with any such purpose. Let us
go there sincerely and simply in order to meet
our colleagues of the other House with a view
to arrive at an agreement on those points on
which there is a real difference; but if tfiere
is no real difference between us on any par-
ticular points, let us then at once withdraw our
opposition, and raise no question except where
there is a difference.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Illi-
nois to refer the bill and amendments to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was not agreed to ; there being
on a division—ayes 13, noes 20.
Sir. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
non-concur in the amendments of the House
of Representatives, and ask for a committee
of conference.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope that will not be
done. I hope that the Senate will take up the
different propositions and will proceed with
tnem one by one, and ivhen we have arrived at
any point on which we cannot agree, that with
regard to that we shall ask for a committee of
conference. It seems to me that is the honest
proceeding, and here in the Senate as else-
where I am satisfied that honesty is the best
policy.
Mr. HENDERSON. Is the other course
dishonest?
Mr. SUMNER. If it is with an idea that
we are to abandon one proposition as a con-
sideration for an abandonment on the other
side, I do not think it honest. That is the
way its strikes me. I do not think it consti-
tutional. I think that the true way is to meet
each question by itself and bring the best mind
of the Senate and of the House to bear upon it,
not to trade off one proposition against an-
other.
Mr. HENDERSON. I certainly do not
desire to do anything either now or hereafter
that will be regarded by the country or sus-
pected by myself to be dishonest; but I desire
to get through with this measure. I am not
prepared to say, from the reading by the Clerk
of these amendments, that I understand them
allbut if I am not mistaken, there is no prin-
ciple enunciated in these amendments' that we
did not discuss during the preparation of the
bill that has gone to the House of Represent-
atives and been amended and sent hack. I am
satisfied that almost every one of the proposi-
tions sent to us from the House has been con-
sidered more or less by the Senate. The
Senator from Massachusetts proposes to take
up each one of the propositions and go over
that discussion once more. I have not par-
ticipated in the discussion heretofore, and I
do not desire to do so now. The Senator from
Massachusetts and others have spent a good
deal of time in the discussion of the principles
involved in the amendments; I myself have
made up my mind in reference to all of them,
and I sincerely hope that the Senate will adopt
the proposition made by the Senator from
Vermont.
■ I desire to see a good bill; I desire to see
something done'whieh will satisfy the country,
and which will carry out in the spirit of the
original bills the policy that we have adopted;
but I cannot see that that end will not be secured
by acceding now to the suggestion of the Sena-
tor from Vermont, and I hope the Senate will
adopt it and send the bill to a committee of
conference. The gentlemen who will be selected
will understand what the Senate has already
decided. We have discussed these propositions
and come to a vote upon them; and the three
gentlemen who will be selected will certainly
understand the feelings and the views of the
Senate. I do not understand that they must'
necessarily give up a principle or that they
must barter truth, that they must give up any-
thing that is of substantial importance. If a
committee of conference in this case is to bar-
ter away principle and truth, why is it not so in
every other case of committees of conference?
If a committee of conference is unconstitu-
tional in this case, why is it not equally uncon-
stitutional in every other case? We have
resorted to committees of conference ever since
I have been here,_ and at the close of a session
almost every bill is sent to a committee of con-
ference to perfect, and indeed it seems to me
that without such committees we are utterly
unable to perfect legislation.
Now, what is the use of discussing these
amendments that are merely questions of
phraseology, going over the entire week's work
again and accomplishing nothing at all, and at
last submitting the questions, if there be ques-
tions of difference between the two Houses, to
a committee of conference ? It is a waste of
time in my judgment. I can see no question
of honesty or dishonesty about it, and I hope
that we shall adopt this plan and pass the bill
to-morrow and send it to the President, or pass
it to-night if the committees can agree to-night.
_ Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senate having de-
cided not to refer the bill to the Committee on
the Judiciary, I desire to say a word, lest my
former remarks may be misunderstood. When
I said that I supposed the Senate could agree
to someoftheseamendments—thereare twelve
or fifteen of them in all—I did not mean to be
understood as saying that I supposed the Sen-
ate would prefer them. There are several
proposed amendments here which I would he
willing to assent to because the House of Rep-
resentatives insists upon them, which I do not
think improve the bill at all. There are not
more than two which I regard as improvements
of the bill. Several others I would agree to for
the purpose of harmonizing with the House,
not thinking them very essential or important;
and it is only in that sense I presume that a
committee of conference could act—not by way
of trading away anythingthat was deemed essen-
tial by the Senate in the bill. While I would
be willing to vote in the Senate or to act in a
committee of conference so as to endeavor to
harmonize the tevo Houses, and would give up
anything which did not seem to be essential or
involve some principle, I should not think that
in doing so I was acting improperly or trading
away anything that the Senate ought to insist
upon.
I am satisfied myself, as the Senate has
thought proper not to refer the bill with the
amendments to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, that the most expeditious way would be
to refer it at once to a committee of confer-
ence, because, as I have just remarked, I shall
vote against concurring with the House in sev-
eral of these amendments if a distinct propo-
sition is made herfe whether we shall agree to
concur with the House or not, unless we are
going to succeed or there is a probability of
our succeeding in harmonizing. If there was,
then I would give up certain things, I would
consent to certain amendments, but it would
be with the view to bring' about harmony when
I thought that by assenting to them I was not
materially injuring the effect of the bill. I
think the better course will be, therefore, and
the most expeditions course, for the Senate to
agree to the proposition of the Senator from
Vermont, for if the bill has to go to a com-
mittee of conference—and I consider that the
Senate has decided that by deciding not to
refer it to the Judiciary Committee—it may as
well go now as after spending the night upon
these amendments, some of which I am sure
the Senate would not agree to if left simply to
act without any reference to harmonizing with
the other House.
Mr. HENDRICKS. There perhaps would
be one mode more expeditious than that sug-
gested by the Senator from Illinois, and that
would be to refer this bill to be decided upon
to the Presiding Officer of this body and the
Presiding Officer of the House. If expedition
is what is desired, that perhaps would be the
most expeditious, because reducing the num-
ber to two would be excluding the possibility
of so great a difference of opinion. Three rep-
resenting the Senate and three representing the
House may disagree; perhaps two agreeing in
opinions in regard to this policy would not dis-
agree at all. This is making legislation easy.
The Senator says it is the most expeditious
mode. What is the occasion for expedition?
I did not want to hear myself at this time; I
did not hurry to get here; but I am here now
and ready to discharge my duties according to
my own judgment; and I think the question
of expedition, dispatch of this business, is not
to be considered.
Now, Mr. President, there having come from
the House, as I understand, five additional
sections to this bill, what is the reason that in
the course of deliberation in this body I am not
to have the privilege of discussing these sec-
tions, section bysection, according to the usages
of the Senate, and of voting upon each ? What
is the reason that I am to be cut off from the
right as a Senator to propose amendments to
the amendments of the House?
Mr. SUMNER. And allow me to suggest,
to see them all in print, too?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir, there would
be some comfort in that. [Laughter.] A man
would have some assurance at least that he
understood himself the subject he was talking
about and voting upon.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Indiana allow me to interrupt him a moment ?
