1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
615
it is true, that there is a higher law that will
bind us not to pass it for want of power.
Mr. SUMNER. Want of power! Will the
Senator be good enough to state the reason?
Mr. EDMONDS. No, not on this point,
because it is not relevant to this question of
order.
Mr. SUMNER. But as long as the Senator
is going into the question of the want of power
I really wish he would deign to enlighten us
upon that, for 1 have been reading newspapers,
listening to arguments, conversing to the right
and left, and 1 have never yet heard one argu-
ment against the power.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend will, have to
go without it so far as I am concerned, for I
shall not make it.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I shall begin to think
the Senator cannot make it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not a very dan-
gerous state of things; but there are others
who can. I merely wish to say that this is a
question of order, not on the merit of this bill
atall, and we have decided over and over again
against pressing claims upon our consideration
of the very highest merit that we would not
break over this rule, and we are bound to
adhere to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, whether the motion of the Senator from
Massachusetts to take up this bill for consid-
eration is in order.
Mr. SUMNER. I think we had better have
the yeas and nays on that.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 12, nays 22; as follows:
. YEAS—Messrs."Cameron, Chandler, Cole, Fowler,
Harlan, Nye, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Wade, Wil-
son, andYates—12.
NAYS — Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, BucKalew,
Conklins. Davis, Edmunds, Fessenden, Freling-
huysen, Grimes, Henderson, Hendricks, Howard,
Johnson, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Norton, Pat-
terson of New Hampshire. Patterson of Tennessee,
Ramsev, Trumbull, Van Winkle, and Willey—22.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cattell, Conness, Corbett, Cra-
sin, Dixon. Doolittle, Drake, Ferry, Gruthrie, Howe,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Pomeroy, Ross, Sauls-
bury, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, and Williams—19.
So the Senate decided the motion to be out
of order.
BOUNTr bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will lay before the Senate a bill of the House
(No. 127) in relation to additional bounty.
What disposition will the Senate make of it?
Mr. EDMUNDS. That must be laid on the
table under the rule.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first
reading of the bill 
Mr. HENDRICKS. I object to the consid-
eration of the bill. .
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
laid on the table under the rule.
Mr. CAMERON. I move that that bill be
read a first time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It must be laid on the
table under the rule.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be read, as I understand the Senator from
Pennsylvania to call for it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object to its being
' read. It is out of order to read it. It has
been laid on the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It can
only be done by common consent, and objec-
tion is made.
Mr. CAMERON. It is to extend the boun-
ties to widows and orphans as I understand.
I hope there will be no objection to reading the
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator can go
to the desk and read it if he wants to do so.
S1AOKICE ItlCE EVANS.
Mr. CONKLING. Encouraged by the man-
ifest disposition of the Senate to take up what-
ever is necessary and desirable, I have been
requested to ask that a little joint resolution
which lies on the table there about a midship-
man be taken up, and I do not think there
could be a more auspicious time than now. I
therefore ask that it may be taken up. It is
the joint resolution of which something was
said yesterday, allowing a young man who is
of proper age now to enter the Naval Acad-
emy, but wlio will forever be deprived of that
opportunity before the next regular examina-
tion.
Mr. DRAKE. As the Senate seems to have
adopted Heaven's first law, that of order, and
as it has applied that law with exceeding rigor
in a case where hundreds of the brave soldiers
of Missouri were concerned to-'day, I do not
feel disposed to mar the order of this heavenly
place by allowing other things to come in. I
am afraid it would disturb too many of the
saints in this Chamber. [Laughter.] There-
fore I object to the consideration of that bill.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator's state-
ment is so brief that I am not satisfied whether
he means to object or not. If he would extend
his remarks a little, make them a little more
full, I should be able to know whether he does
object ; but I am left in doubt whether he
wishes to have this resolution taken up and
put on its passage or not. [Laughter.] -
Mr. DRAKE. I would commend the gen-
tleman very respectfully to the latest edition
of Webster's Unabridged Dictionary for the
meaning of the \Vords. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is ob-
jected. to, and of' course you are under the
rules. It can only be taken up by common
consent.
Mr. SJJMNER. I was going to say in reply
to my friend from New York who is pressing
this bill, if I understood him it is a bill that
certainly has merits, to secure a certain right
fo a young man. That is it, I believe.
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. My friend from New York
has just voted against proceeding with a bill
to confer rights upon a whole race, and yet he
asks us to set aside a rule of order in order to
proceed with a bill to confer a right upon one
young man. [Laughter.]
Mr. JOHNSON. Of "the so-called white
race." [Laughter.]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Debate is
out of order. There is nothing before the
Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I merely wish that the
inconsistency of my friend from New York
should be noted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
nothing before the Senate.
proposed recess.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate take
a recess for half anhour. ["No!" "No!"]
There is nothing doing here, and we might_ as
well take a recess. We have to wait the action
of the House.
Several Senators. We shall have it m five
minutes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Minnesota moves that the Senate
take a recess for half an hour.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I believe that is debat-
able ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Of course
it is debatable.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have only to say to
my excellent friend from Minnesota that we
shall have a communication from the other
House in the course of a few moments, either
agreeing or disagreeing to our proposition for
a committee of conference, and as soon as we
learn that fact, the Senate will take such ac-
tion as it thinks proper; but I think we had
better be in a condition to receive the commu-
nication. . ,
Mr. GRIMES. Cannot the committee act
without the official notification being brought
back here ? „ , , .
Mr TRUMBULL. It seems to be under-
stood at the Secretary's table that we must
have official notice of it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I was informed just now
by a member of the House that they have
insisted on their amendments and appointed
their committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well; then we
shall have it in a moment. If it is already
done, it will be announced here very soon.
Mr. RAMSEY. If that is the case I with-
draw my motion.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House insisted on its amendments to
the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.
R. No. 123) supplementary to an act entitled
"An act to provide for the more efficient gov-
ernment of the rebel States," passed on the
2d day of March, 1867, and the act supple-
mentary thereto, passed on the. 23d day of
March, 1867, agreed to the conference asked ,
by the Senate, and had appointed Mr. Thad-
deus Stevens of Pennsylvania, Mr. G. S.
'Boutwell of Massachusetts, and Mr. W, S.
Holman of Indiana, the managers of the con-
ference on the part of the House.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to have
an order to print the bill, as it has gone to the
committee of conference.
The PRESIDENTprotempore. That order
will be made, if there be no objection.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, July 12, 1867.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
On motion of Mr. HOLMAN; the reading of
the Journal of yesterday was dispensed with.
amendment to the constitution.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following communication received by him since
March last;
Commonwealth of Massachusetts,
Executive Department,
Boston. March 30,1867.
Sir: I have the honor to transmit herewith an at-
tested copy of a resolve of the Legislature of the
Commonwealth, ratifying the amendment proposed
by Congress as a fourteenth article of the Constitu-
tion of the United States.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant, ^ BULL0CK_
Hon. Schuyler Colfax, Speaker of the Some of
Representatives, Washington, D. C.
The communication, with the accompany-
ing paper, was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
GRANTS TO SOUTHEitN hailr0ad6.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask unanimous consentto
submit the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Reconstruction
be instructed to report, a bill declaring forfeited to
the United States all lands granted by Congress in
the year 1856 to the States of the South to aid m the
construction of railroads, which grants have now
expired by limitation.
Mr. WOOD and Mr. CHANLER objected.
Mr. JULIAN. I move to suspend the rules ;
and I ask leave to make a statement in the
way of explanation.
Mr. CHANLER. I do not object if we can
have an opportunity to reply.
There was no objection.
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask the atten-
tion of the House to a single statement which
I desire to make. In the year 1856, as is -.well
known, grants of land to aid in the construc-
tion of various railroads in the South were
made by Congress, amounting in all to about
five million acres of land, much of it good
land, as I learn from the records of the Land
Office. Instead of building those roads tbs
rebels engaged in war against the Government
which granted the lands to them, and although
the limitation of the grants have expired, yet
these millions of acres are tied up in the hands
of rebel corporations, so that the poor men,
white and black, who desire homesteads upon
them cannot resort to them.
Sir, I think we ought not to adjourn this
session without removing that restriction, and
opening up these lands to settlement and till*
