1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
619
override entirely the authority of the Supreme
Court of the United States. I only regret,
Mr. Speaker, that the committee has not facili-
tated the disposition of this subject by report-
ing back to the House the bill as it came from
the Senate. That bill, although as objectionable
in its principles as the bill now reported, or
the bill_ originally passed by the House, was
one which there eould be no difficulty in under-
standing on the part of the President of the
United States, the Attorney General, or any-
body else. Such a bill is what we want. We
want this question disposed of now at once
and forever. _ We want these States back again
into the Union, _ even under the conditions
which Congress is disposed to impose upon
them. Let them know the worst, so that at no
distant day we may have the southern States
represented in the Congress of the United
StatQg.
Now, sir, I do not wish to examine the de-
tails of this bill reported by the committee;
but I believe that it contains scarcely a section
in reference to which honest men might not
differ as to what was really designed to be ac-
complished. In one section it refers to muni-
cipal officers and in another to State officers.
In one section it says that the commanding
generals may do certain things, and in a sub-
sequent section it provides, as I understand it,
that only the General of the Army may do
those things. There is confusion, there is
uncertainty, there is doubt, which even a
Philadelphia lawyer could not unravel, as to
the design of the bill reported by the commit-
tee. Therefore I hope that whatever measure
we may adopt shall be intelligible and plain,
so that hereafter there can be no possible dif-
ficulty in understanding precisely what was the
design of Congress in passing it. I now"yield
the lloor to my colleague, [Mr. Robinson.]
Mr. ELDRIDG-E. With the consent of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Robinson,] I
desire to say a single word. The gentleman
from New York [Mr. Wood] finds a great deal
of difficulty in understanding this bill; and
Congress itself has had some difficulty in un-
derstanding its action heretofore.
I will suggest to my friend from New York
[Mr. Wood] that lie should offer an amend-
ment that will cover the whole case, I think,
conclusively, and settle the whole matter beyond
all cavil and doubt; and that is an amendment
proposing to abolish the Constitution of the
United States and all the laws of the United
States, as well as all the constitutions of these
ten States and the laws made under them, and
under which these people have lived heretofore.
It seems to me that will make the matter en-
tirely clear and do away with all difficulty. The
President will not bg troubled with it any fur-
ther. The Commander-in-Chief will not be
troubled with it. You will then have no diffi-
culty with the Constitution and laws of the
United States. You will thus get rid of the
whole question.
Mr. WOOD. The gentleman from Wisconsin
is an old fogy, for he ought to know that the
Constitution of the United States has been
obsolete for some time.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I want it declared to be
obsolete, so that gentlemen hereafter shall not
refer to it. I wish to relieve my friend from
Ohio from all scruples on the subject, so that
he may hereafter have no qualms of conscience
when called upon to vote for propositions
which shall come from the most radical gentle-
men of the House.
Mr. ROBIN SON addressed the House. [His
remarks will be published in the Appendix.]
customs.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from_ the Secretary
of the Treasury, transmitting, in compliance
with a resolution of the House of March 6,
1867, a statement of the number of officers of
customs removed and the names of the new
appointees, increase of compensation allowed,
&c., since March 3, 1866 ; and also a statement
of the expenses of collecting the customs dur-
ing the year 1865-66 ; which were laid upon
the table, and ordered to be printed.
RECONSTRUCTION ACT.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War
in answer to a resolution of the 5th instant,
transmitting a report from the Adjutant Gen-
eral relative to the execution and administra-
tion of the reconstruction act; which was laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
tax on spirits.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting, in answer to a resolu-
tion of the House of July 8, a communication
from the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
as to the amount of revenue received from the
tax on distilled spirits ; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
payment of bounties.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting, in answer to a resolution of the
House of July 9, a report of the Paymaster
General relative to the necessity of further
legislation to facilitate the payment of addi-
tional bounty; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
leavl! of absence.
Mr. KITCHEN asked and obtained leave
of absence after to-day.
reconstruction—again.
The House resumed the consideration of
the reconstruction bill.
Mr. LOGAN addressed the House. [His
remarks will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. This de-
bate has taken a range wholly unexpected. I
supposed a few gentlemen would discuss the
merits of the bill and that we would then take
a vote. I do not feel at liberty to extend the
time; therefore, if the House agree with me, I
will withdraw the motion to recommit, and
before I call the previous question ask any
gentlemen if they have amendments to offer.
If they have they may do so now and we will
consider them as pending.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will offer the amendment
which I indicated this morning, namely, to add
to the end of section six these words: " or for
the administration of justice or for keeping the
public peace."
The SPEAKER. That is an amendment to
the Senate amendment, and not to the amend-
ment of the committee.
Mr. SCHENCK. So I understand; I pro-
pose to amend the Senate amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to offer a further amendment to section six, in
line twelve, by striking out the word "con-
strue" and inserting the words "so extended
as," and I would like to assign my reasons.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to offer an
amendment to the fourteenth section, which
requires the board of registry not to regard the
opinions of anybody, by substituting these'
words: " Said board of registry shall not be
bound in their action by the opinion of any
officer of the United States."
Mr. PILE. I move an amendment to the
Senate amendment in section seven, line eight,
by striking out "five" and inserting "ten,"
so that it will read "and upon reasonable public
notice of the time and place thereof to revise
for the period of ten days the registration list.''
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I now
call the previous question.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to move to amend
section four by inserting in line four, after the
word " confirm," the words "subject to the
approval of the General of the Army of the
United States."
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I decline
to yield for further amendments.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I would
move that five minutes debate be allowed for
and against every amendment that may be
offered or that is pending.
The SPEAKER. That can be done by
unanimous consent or by a suspension of the
rules.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Then I
move that the rules be suspended for that pur-
pose.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the yeas and nays
on suspending the rules for the purpose of
allowing us the poor privilege of five minutes
debate on amendments, and I call for tellers
on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Schenck
and Scofield were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
forty in the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—
yeas 61, nays 80, not voting 39; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Archer. James M. Ashley.
Baker, Barnes, Benton, Boyer, Bromwell, Bmr,
Butier, Chanler, Coburn,. Cook, Cullom, Donnelly,
Ela, Eldridge, Fox, Getz, Haight, Ilolman, Ilonper,
Hunter, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Ifelsey, Kerr, William
Lawrence, Logan, Loughridge, Marshall, Worean,
Mungen, Myers, Niblack, Nicholson, Noell. Pile,
Roland, Randall, Ilaum, Robinson, lloss, Sehenck,
Shanks, Sitgreaves, Aaron F. Stevens, Stone, Taber,
Thomas. Trowbridge, Van Aernam, Van Auken, Rob-
Robert 1. Vail Horn, Van Trump, Thomas Williams,
William Williams, John T. Wilson, and Wood—61.
JYAYb—Messrs. Anderson, Baldwin, Banks, liar-
num, Beaman, Bingham, Blair, Boutwcll, Broomall,
Lu eld and, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney
Clarke, Cobb, Cornell,Covodc, Dawes, Hixon.Briggs,
Eggleston, Farnsvrorth, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields,Finney,
bnswoid, llalsey, Hamilton, Harding, Hayes, Hill,
Hopkins, Ilotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard. Chester D.
Hubbard, Richard I). Hubbard, IngersoII, Jcnckcs,
Keteham, Kitchen, Koontz, George V. Lawrence,
Loan, Lynch, Marvin, Morcur. Miller. Moore. Moor-
head, Newcomb, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Pcrham,
Peters, Pike, Plants, Polsley, Price, Robertson,
Sawyer, Scofield, Shellabarger, Smith, Spalding,
Starkweather, Taylor, Twichell, Upson, Burt Van
Horn,/Ward, Cadwalader C. Washbuin, Henry D.
ash burn, William B, Washburn, Welker, .Tames
r. ilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and Wood-
bridgo—80.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adapis, Ames, Delos R.
Ashley, Benjamin, Blaine, Brooks, Cako, Dodge,
Lekley, Eliot, Garfield, Glossbrenncr, Gravely,
Humphrey, Laflin, Lincoln, Mallory, McCarthy,
McCIurg, MeCulkmgli, Morrell, Morrissey, Phelps.
Pomeroy, Pruyn. Thaddous Stevens, Stewart, Taffe,
and Van Wyck—39.
So (two-thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
The previous question was then seconded
and the main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] claim his right to
close the debate ?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I do not
intend to make any remarks whatever. I wish
to go'on, and, if possible, to finish the bill. I
waive my right to close the debate.
The Clerk then read the first amendment
reported by the Committee on Reconstruction.
The amendment was agreed to.
The second amendment was road.
Mr. IIOLMAN. Is not that amendment
divisible?
The SPEAKER. It is not. Hie commit-
tee reported it as one amendment, to change
the second section so as to read in the manner
just reported by the Clerk.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will it be in order to
think that the last part of that amendment is
very good, while the first is all wrong?
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order,
and audible thinking is in the nature of de-
bate.
The amendment was agreed to; there being,
on a division—nyes 66. noes 88.
The third, fourth, fifth, and sixth amend-
ments were severally read and agreed to.
The seventh amendment was read and
agreed to; there being, on a division—ayes
eighty-five, noes not counted.
The eighth, ninth, and tenth amendments
were read and agreed to.
The eleventh amendment was read.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
before this amendment of the committee is
voted upon, the question will be taken on the
motion of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Farxsworth] to amend the amendment.
There was no objection.
