620
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
The amendment of Mr. Farnsworth was
read, as follows:
Strike out in the eleventh amendment of the com-
mittee the words "pay any regard to the opinions or
directions of the Attorney Generator any other offi-
cer of the Government, unless so directed by Con-
press," and insert in lieu thereof the words " shrall be
hound in their action by any opinion of anv officer
of the United States;" so thatthescetion proposed by
the committee will read as follows:
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That no district
commander or member of the board of registration
or any officers or appointees aeting under them shall
. be bound m their action by any opinion of any offi-
cer of the United States.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I believe
there is no objection to that amendment on
the part of the committee.
Mr. NIBLACK. I suggest that instead of
"any officer of the United States" it would be
better to say "any civil officer of the United
States."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted ;
there being on a division—ayes 62, noes 51.
Mr. BOUTWBLL moved to reconsider the
votes by which the several amendments of the
committee had been adopted ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will now report
the various amendments proposed by gentle-
men on the floor, the first being that of the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Boui-
weliJ to the sixth section.
Mr. BOUTWELL. That amendment was
offered by me on behalf of the committee.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk did not so
understand; but it will now be reported as one
of the amendments of the committee.
The amendment was read, as follows:
. In line fourteen ofsection six strike out " the" and
insert 'any," and. strike out "laws" and insert
la.w; so thatthe last clause of the section will read
as follows:
And the words " executive or judicial office in any
btate in saicl oath mentioned shall be construed to
include all civil offices created bylaw for the admin-
istration of any general law of a State.
The amendment was agreed to.
The question next recurred on the amend-
ment of Mr. Williams, of Pennsylvania, as
follows:
In tho sixth section, line twelve, instead of " con-
strued" insert "so oxtended as."
The amendment was disagreed to.
The question next recurred on Mr. Schexck's
amendment:
At tho end of section six add the following:
Or for the administration of justice, or for tho
Keeping of tho public peace.
The amendment was agreed to.
The question next recurred on the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Pile.
Mr. PILE. I withdraw my amendment, the
House having changed the section.
The question next recurred on the following
amendment of Mr. Wilson, of Iowa:
At tho end of scction twelve insert:
Provided, That this section shall not extend to or
include any offense or offenses to which the military
authonties may have or take jurisdiction under the
provisions of this act or the acts to which this is sup-
plementary.
The amendment was agreed to.
_Mr. SCHENCK. ^ I suggest that as section
nine is a sort of codicil explaining the law, it
should be at the end of the bill.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
The question then recurred on the amend-
ment of the Senate as amended.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 113, nays 32, not vot-
ing 25; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, James M. Ash-
ley, Laker, Baldwin, Banks, Beaman, Benjamin, Ben-
ton, Lmgham, Blair, Boutwell, Broinwell, Broomall,
Auckland, Butler, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Sid-
ney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cornell. Covode,
Dixon. Donnelly, Driggs, Eia, Earns-
Zl if„ efu153' F-n-rryJ'.Flol#TS' Gravely, Uribwold, Hal-
eej, Hamilton, Hardmg, Hayes, kill, Hooper, Hop-
kins. Asahel W> Hubbard, Chester D.Hubbard, Hun-
ter, Ingersol], Jenckes, Jitdd, Julian, KelIey,Kelsey,
Ketcham, Kitchen, Koontz, George V. Lawrence,
William Lawrence, Loan, Logan, Loughridge, Lynch,
Marvin, McCIurg, Mercur, Miller, Moore, Moorhead,
Myers, Neweomb, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham,
Peters, Pike, Pile, Plants, Poland, Poisley, Price,
Raum, Robertson, Sawyer, Sehcnck, Scofield, Selye,
Shanks. Shcllabarger, Smith, Sd aiding, Starkweather,
Aaron F. Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens, Tatfe, Taylor,
Thomas, Trowbiidge, Twicliell, Upson, V-anAernam,
jBurt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Ward, Cad-
walader 0. Washburn, Henry D. Washburn, Wil-
liam BvWashburn, Welker, Thomas Williams, Wil-
liam Williams, James P. Wilson, John T. Wilson,
Stephen F. Wilson, and Woodbridge—113.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, JBarnes, Barnum,
Boyer, Burr, Chanler, Eldridge, Fo£, Getz, Glossbren-
•ner, Haight, Holman, Hotckkiss, R. B. Hubbard,
Kerr, Marshall, Morgan, Mungen, Niblack, Nichol-
son, Noeil, Phelps, Randall, Robinson, Ross, Sit-
greaves, Stone, Taber, Van Auken, Van Tiump, and
Wood—32.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Belos R. Ashley,
Blaine, Brooks, Cake, Dodge, Eckley, Eggleston,
Eliot, Finney, Garfield, Hulburd, Humphrey, Laflin,
Lincoln, Mallory, McCarthy, McOullough, Morrell,
Morrissey, Pomeroy, Pruyn, Stewart, Van Wyck, and
Windom—25.
So the Senate amendment, as amended, was
passed.
Mr. STEYENS, of Pennsylvania, moved to
reconsider the vote just taken; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOOFER, of Massachusetts, by unan-
imous consent, submitted the following resolu-
tion ) which was read, considered, and agreed
to :
. Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to
inform this House if any and what additional appro-
priation is required to carry out the provisions of the
act to provide for the more efficient government of
the rebel States.
And then, on motion of Mr. PIKE, the House
(at four o* clock and twenty minutes p. m.) took
a recess until eight o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House at eight o'clock p. m, reas-
sembled.
The SPEAKER stated the first thing in order
to be the motion of Mr. Holjiax to suspend
the rules for the purpose of introducing -the
following bill:
A bill in relation to additional bounty.
,Be it enacted by the. Spiate and House of Representa-
\l?€j m? United States of America in Congress ae$em-
bled. That the widow, minor children, or parents,
the order named, of any soldier who shall have
dieel after being honorably discharged from the mili-
tary service of the United States, shall bo entitled
to receive the additional bounty to which such sol-
dier would be entitled if living, under the provisions
?, , *? twelfth and thirteenth sections of an act enti-
tled An act making appropriations for sundry civil
SnPi°J?~aso i'he Government for the year ending June
JU. Lbbi, and tor other purposes," approved July 28,
18b0, and the said provisions of said act shall be so
construed: Provided, however, That such widow,
mmOT children, or parents shall only be entitled to
receive such additional bounty in case where such
soldier, if living, would be entitled under the pro-
visions ol said act to receive the same.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That this act shall
be m iorce from and after its passage.
The rules were suspended ; and the bill was
received, and read a first and second time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suppose that the pro-
visions and objects of the bill are well under-
stood, and I therefore call for the previous
question.
Mr. UPSON. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me ior a question.
Arr" ryeW.for that purpose.
Mr, U1 SON. I would inquire what is the
object of the second section ?
Mr. HOLMAN. I suppose that is mere
surplusage.
^ Mr. UPSON. I move then to strike out
tne second section.
The motion was agreed to.
.Mr. HOLMAN. I now demand the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
mam question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed it
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I demand the previous
question on the passage.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and tinder the opera-
tion thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
printing for the departments.
Mr. ELA. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a joint resolution explanatory of
the concluding proviso of section ten, chapter
sixty-seven of the laws of the Thirty-Ninth
Congress, passed March 2, 1867.
The resolution was read. It declares that
the provision was not intended to prevent the
necessary printing heretofore done in connec-
tion with the issue, transfer, or assignment of
Government bonds or notes or official envel-
opes or confidential circulars used in theJSxec-
utive Departments by their own employes.
Mr. BINGHAM. Does this come from any
committee.
The SPEAKER. It does not. Does the
■gentleman from New Hampshire offer it for
reference or action ?
Mr. ELA. For action.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I object.
Mr. ELA. I desire to make an explanation
for the information of the House.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection ? The
Chair hears none.
Mr. ELA. As the law now stands the sec-
tion of the law referred to provides that the
printing of the Government shall be done at the
Government Printing Office whenever prac-
ticable, and in all other cases that it shall be
procured by the Clerk of the House. It will
be manifest to every gentleman here that it
would neither be proper nor safe, as regards
the transfer and assignments which are printed
upon the backs of the Government bonds and
notes, for them to be carried to the general
printing office. This resolution simply pro-
vides that in cases of that kind it was not the
design of the act that it should be done else-
where. It provides still further for the print-
ing of confidential circulars by the different
Executive Departments as they have been done
heretofore ; also that official envelopes may be
printed in the same way, which is perhaps
immaterial; but as I understand they are man-
ufactured there and tliere is no expense attend-
ing it, it would be much more convenient and
beneficial to keep the printing there.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I do not withdraw
the objection.
Mr. ELA. Then I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose of considering the resolution.
On suspending the rules there were—ayes
20, noes 40; no quorum voting.
Mr. DRIGGS. I move a call of the House.
The motion was disagreed to.
The SPE AKE R ordered tellers on the m otion
to suspend the rules, and appointed Messrs.
Driggs and Wilson of Iowa.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 34, noes 41; no quorum voting.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move that the House
adjourn till to-morrow morning at ten o'clock.
The SPEAKER. That motion requires a
suspension of the rules.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move then that the
House adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. DRIGGS. My object in pressing the
motion was to compel the attendance of mem-
bers who are now in the Senate Chamber, but
who ought to be here. I again move a call of
the House.
The question being put; there were—ayes
40, noes 31.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I demand the yeas
and nays.
lhe yeas and nays were ordered.
_ The question was taken ; and it was decided
m the negative—yeas 3t), nays 59, not voting
/2; as follows:
n Messrs. Archer. Burr, Reader W. Clarke,
Cobb, iJmgs, Ma, Ferry, Finney, Pox, Cietz, Oravciv,
Uaighfc, Hunter, Ingorsoll, -Judd, Koontz, George V.
