1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
621
Laurence, William Lawrence, Lo.gaij, MeClurg. Nib*
lack, Orfch, Peters, Plants, Raam, -Sawyer, Selye,
Shanks, Smith, Spalding, Taylor, Thomas, Trow-
bridge, Cad wal a der 0. Washburn, Henry D. Wash-
burn. Thomas Williams, John T. Wilson, Windom,
and Wood—39.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, James Ashley, Baker,
Beaman, Bingham, Blair, Boutwell, Bromwcll,
Broomall, Buckland, Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Co-
ntivn ( ,nr\lr llrtvnoll nAir/\4/v T\~^
burn, Cook, Cornell, Covode, Culloiu, 3)a\ves, X)ixoQ,
tarnsworth, ierriss, Fields, Griswold, Halsey,
Hamilton, Jlflyos, Holman, Hooper, Chester IX
Hubbard, Kelley, Ketcham, Kitchen, Marvin,
Mercur, Miller, Moore, Moorhead. Myers, New-
comb, O'Neill, Paine, Perhasn, Pike, PoIaad.Polsley,
Price, Robertson, Scofield, Taber, Taffc, Xwicheil,
Upson, Van Aernam, Robert T. Van Horn, Van
frump, William B. Washburn, Welkor, William
Williams, and James P. Wilson—59.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Anderson,
-Uelos R. Ashley, Baldwin, Banks, Barnes, Barnum,
Benjamin, Benton, Blaine, Boyer, Brooks, Butler,
Cake.Uianler, Dodge, Donnelly, Eckley, Eggleston,
Eldridge, Eliot, Garfield, Glossbrenner.Harding, Hill,
Hopkins, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard
D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Humphrey, Jenckes, Julian,
Kelsey, Kerr, Lafiin, Lincoln, Loan, Loughridge,
Lynch, Mnllory, Marshall, McCarthy, McCullough,
Morgan, Morrell, Morrissey, Mungen, Nicholson,
Noell, Phelps, Pile, Pomeroy, Pruyn, Randall, Rob-
inson, Ross, Schenck, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves,
Starkweather, Aaron F. Stevens, Tliaddeus Ste-
vens, Stewart, Stone, Van Auken, Burt Van Horn,
Van Wyck, Ward, Stephen i'. Wilson, and Wood-
bridge—72.
So the call of the House was refused.
During the roll-call,
Mr. BINGHAM stated that his colleague,
Mr. Eggleston, had been called home by ill-
ness in his family.
The result of the vote was then announced,
as above recorded.
The SPEAKER. The tellers will again
take their places. The question is on sus-
pending the rules to enable the House to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the joint resolution
introduced by the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Ela,] upon which no quorum voted.
The tellers (Messrs. Driggs, and Wilson of
Iowa) resumed their places.
The House again divided; and tho tellers
reported—ayes 87, noes 40.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative)
the rules were -not suspended.
Mr. ELA. I now ask leave to introduce the
joint resolution, for the purpose of having it
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa.. I suggest to the
gentleman that if there is a quorum of the
Committee on Printing present he had prob-
ably better refer it to that committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
only one member of the Committee on Print-
ing is in attendance on the session of the House
at this time.
Objection was made to the introduction of
the resolution.
motion to reconsider.
Mr. BROOMALL, I desire to enter a mo-
tion to reconsider the vote by which the bill of
the House to guaranty to the several States of
the Union a republican form of government
was referred to the Committee on Reconstruc-
tion.
The motion was entered.
forms of proceedings in bankruptcy.
Mr. MILLER. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution:
jResolved, That the Committee on Printing bo, and is
hereby, requested to_ cause to be printed, for the uso
of tho members of this House, ten thousand copies of
the forms of proceeding in bankruptcy, as promul-
gated by the Supreme Court of the United States.
I will state, by the leave of the House, that
the Senate have already ordered the printing
of these forms.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is referred
under the law to the Committee on Printing. •
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The House has
nothing to do with the matter. It is of inter-
est only to bankrupts and lawyers.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the resolution has already been referred under
the law to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. CUI^LOM. I thought it was read only
for information.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was re-
ferred.
Mr. MILLER. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
The question was taken; and the House re-
fused to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The motion to reconsider was then agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I now move to lay
the resolution on the table.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to move to amend
tho resolution by adding thereto the words
'' together with the book recently published by
Mr. Clinton Rice upon the same subject."
The SPEAKE R. A motion to lay the resolu-
tion npon the tabid is not debatable or amend-
able.
The question was taken on Mr. Farnsworth's
motion, and it was agreed to.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
the militia.
Mr. PAINE. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a bill to provide for organizing, arm-
ing, and disciplining the militia, and for other
purposes, with a view of having it referred to
the appropriate committee when appointed.
Mr. WOOD. I object to its consideration
at this time.
Mr. PAINE. I do not desire its consider-
ation at this time. I only desire that it shall
be referred to the proper committee when
appointed, and that it shall be printed.
Mr. WOOD. I have no objection to that.
- No objection being made, the bill was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Militia when appointed, and
ordered to be printed.
petition eroji arkansas.
Mr. MORGAN. I hold in my hand and
desire to present the memorial of the Legisla-
ture of Arkansas in regard to levees on the
Mississippi river. „
The memorial was read.
Mr. SPALDING. I move the reference of
this memorial to tho Committee on Appropria-
tions.
Mr. MORGAN. I have no objection to that.
The Speaker was putting the question- on
the motion to refer the petition, when
Mr. INGERSOLL said: Before this refer-
ence is made, f desire to inquire whether this
paper purports to be from the Legislature of
Arkansas as a legislative body?
The SPEAKER. It does.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Then I desire to object
to its reception. I am not aware that there is
any such body in existence.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
this is a petition.
Mr. INGERSOLL. It purports to come
from the Legislature of the State of Arkansas.
I am not aware of the existence of any such
body; and I object to the reception of the
paper.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It seems to me any
member has the right to refer any such paper
under the rule.
The SPEAKER. The memorial could be
presented under the rule by handing it to the
Journal Clerk; but when any member desires
to present such a paper in the House any gen-
tleman can object. A number of years ago
there prevailed in the House of Representa-
tives a rule under which the presentation of
petitions could be objected to in every case.
But that rule has been abrogated; and the
present rule allows any member to present any
petition by handing it to the Journal Clerk.
When, however, a member seeks to present a
petition in open House objection may be made
to its reception.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I object to the recep-
tion of this petition.
Mr, MORGAN. After the memorial has
been received and referred to a committee is
it not too late to object?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois made his objection before the question of
reference had been decided. Objection being
made to the reception of the memorial, the
question is, Shall it be received ?
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, there is an
opportunity to get the petition to the appro-
priate committee without, its reception by this
House. I find here a divided duty. I am not
prepared to concur in the reception by this
House of a petition from a body which I know
does not exist. Yet 1 believe there are few
more important topics that can be brought to
the consideration of any of the committees of
this House than the question of the levees of
the Mississippi—-not only upon the banks of tho
rivers in Arkansas, but upon, the upper tribu-
taries of the Mississippi, where levees are re-
quired, and down to its mouth. I believe that
there ought to be a national levee system—that
the owners of the lands on the lower part of
the river ought not to be compelled to depend
upon the enforcement of an imperfect' levee
system above.
I hope that this subject will engage the atten-
tion of Congress at an early day after its re-
assembling ; and I hope that the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Morgan} will avail himself
of his privilege under the rule and have this
petition referred to the appropriate committee.
But I am opposed to receiving what purports
to be a petition from a body which does not
ejekst, and has not existed since 1861, the Le-
gislature of Arkansas.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman says
that this body does not exist. I desire to
inquire of him whether he means that there is
no such body in fact?
Mr. KELLEY. I mean, sir, that there is
no Legislature of the State of Arkansas,
because there is no State of Arkansas, and
has been none since its government was over-
thrown by the violence of revolution.
Mr. DAWES. I would inquire of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kklli«] what
is the meaning of the phrase iu the law, for
which he voted at the last sessiori"'recognizing
certain governments in Arkansas and other
southern States as 1' provisional governments?''
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, I cannot be
held personally acccountable for the phrase-
ology of all the laws for which I have voted
any more than the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Dawes] can. So early as when
Congress voted for the admission of the State
of West Virginia I united with my venerable
colleague from the Lancaster district [Mr.
Stevens] in asking that I might not bo stulti-
fied by being supposed to have voted for the
admission of West Virginia because the Legis-
lature of Virginia had consented to the form-
ation of that State. I agreed with my colleague
that there was no State of Virginia, and that
consequently there could be no Legislature
of that State to give consent. I have never
changed my opinion on the subject from that
time to this.
Those State governments had been over-
thrown by the violence of revolution, and I
borrow language from my venerable colleague
[Mr. SiiiVBSs] when I state that I voted for
the bill containing that language because X
was here upon this floor cooperating with men,
and not with angels, and took the best thing I
could get.
Mr. DAWES. My friend from Pennsylva-
nia forgets one thing. He forgets that upon
an amendment, unaccompanied by anything
else, that in the struggle upon that amend-
ment, whether or not that line should be in-
serted as a provisional government, my friend
voted for it and I voted against it.
Mr. KELLEY. I apprehend the gentleman
cannot show the provision in which I endeav-
ored to convey the impression that I believed
there was a government there.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman voted for
the proposition simply alone and unconnected
with anything else, that the de facto govern-
ment should have the effect" of a provisional
government.
Mr. KELLEY. I cannot recall an occasion
such as the gentleman refers to. I voted for a
bill in which that language was used for the
purpose of limitation, and declaring that the
governments previously referred to in the bill
