022
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
should be regarded as provisional only, sub-
ject to be suspended by the provisional author-
ities to whom the government of the people of
these alleged States was about being confided.
Here upon the floor of Congress and upon the
platform when confronting my constituents
I have uniformly and consistently held there
was no government in those States, because
there were no States, and have believed that it
was the duty of the Government of the United
States to govern those people as they would
any other territory acquired or conquered.
t 'Mr; ^ORiTH. I desire to say what
I wish to and then to surrender the floor.
Mr. NIBLACK. I desire to have the atten-
tion of the gentlemau from Pennsylvania a
moment.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. I cannot yield now.
Mi\ Speaker, I had no idea of the debate
taking so wide a range. It seems to me
that this is a hair-splitting discussion on States
in reference^ to the presentation of a peti-
tion. Here is a petition from gentlemen who
style themselves the Legislature of Arkan-
sas. I do not care what they style themselves;
whoever presents a petition in respectful lan-
guage on a legitimate subject is entitled to be
heard. I do not believe its reception commits
this House to anything'. I do not believe that we
commit ourselves to the government in Arkan-
sas when wo receive this petition and refer it
It has nothing to do with it. There is such a
body, which has been recognized as provisional.
Mr. KELLEY. They cannot make a law
which this Government cannot set aside.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. It is a body sitting
there, a so-called Legislature. We may denom-
inate it a so-caUed^ Legislature, or the petition
of a so-called Legislature of Arkansas. It is
a fact that no one can gainsay that there is a
so-called government there, and that it has a
Legislature "which may pass laws which can be
nullified and set aside by some higher authority.
They present a petition and ask it to be referred
to a committee of this House. It is a simple
matter. I believe in the right of petition to
Congress, and I hope this one will be received
and properly referred.
Mr. MORGAN". Let me ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania when cfid Arkansas cease
to be a State?
Mr KELLEY. When her Legislature elect-
ed under the Constitution of the United States
refused to take the oath to support the Consti-
tution of the United States, and swore to sup-
port that of a belligerent confederacy, then
Arkansas as a State in this Union ceased to
exist.
Mr. MORGAN. In what year was that?
Mr. KELLEY. I believe in the year 1861.
Mr. MORGAN. In the year 186:2 the Con-
gress of the United States recognized Arkansas
as a btate and as entitled to her rightful num-
ber of Representatives in this Hall. After the
act of session had been passed the Congress
of the United States, as it had the right to do,
imposed upon Arkansas her share of the direct
taxes, not as a Territory but as a State.
Air. KELLEY. The Congress of the United
States knew that the Army of the United States
would conquer Arkansas, and presumed that
there would be a new State created there before
the decade' expired, and it was its duty to de-
clare how many members of Congress the State
of Arkansas should have when thus recon-
structed. Looking again to the certain con-
quest of the territory of Arkansas, and to the
proper reconstruction of a State of Arkansas,
Congress apportioned the taxes to the people
of that then rebellious territory. And I cite
the very argument of the gentleman against
receiving this petition as an illustration of the
folly of piling up these ridiculous precedents
that, without due explanation, may be cited to
show that the course of Congress has not been
as straight as it might, have been.
Mr. MORGAN. I would ask if the gentle-
man considers the act of Congress to amend
the Constitution of the United States and j
presented to the Legislature of Arkansas for
adoption no precedent or authority?
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE. .
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. McDohald, its Chief Clerk, announcing
that the Senate had disagreed to the amend-
ments of the House to the amendment of the
Senate to the bill of the House supplementary
to an act entitled "An act to provide for the
more efficient government of the rebel States,"
passed on the 2d day of March, 1867, and the
act supplemerSary thereto, passed on the 23d
day of March, 1867, asked for a committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses thereon, and had appointed as
conferees on the part of the Senate Messrs.
Trumbull. Edmunds, and Hendricks.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move that the House
insist, and that a committee of conference be
appointed.
Mr. DAWES. Before the vote is taken
consigning this bill to a committee of confer-
ence, I wish to congratulate my friend from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] on the equa-
nimity with which he has witnessed the rush-
ing of this bill to-night into that hole from
which he rescued it with so much zeal last
night. [Laughter.]
Mr. SCOPIELD. If it had gone in last
night it would have taken the gentleman from
Massachusetts with it.
Mr. HOLMAN. If it is in order I move
as an amendment that the House recede.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question was taken first on the motion
to recede, and it was disagreed to.
The question recurred on the motion to insist
and that a committee of conference be ap-
pointed, and it was agreed to.
The SPEAKER subsequently appointed as
conferees Messrs. Stevens, of Pennsylvania,
Boutwell, and Holman.
petition from arkansas again
The House resumed the consideration of the
petition from Arkansas in regard to levees on
the Mississippi river.
Mr. KELLEY. The question propounded
to me was whether I had voted for the amend-
ment to the Constitution known as the four-
teenth article, and for submitting it to the
State of Arkansas for ratification.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Not whether the gen-
tleman voted for it, but whether it was not
presented to the Legislature of Arkansas.
Mr. KELLEY. I voted for that amend-
ment, and it was passed, but it was never con-
stitutionally or rightfully submitted to the
Legislature of Arkansas. If the Secretary of
State, or rather the gentleman occupying that
position, Hon. William II. Seward, saw fit to
submit that article, he may have done it for his
personal gratification or in support of his pecu-
liar views. But Congress never directed it to
be submitted, nor did the Constitution or any
law of the land require it; and whenever the
question can be got before the Supreme Court
of the United States, that court will, if it ad-
heres to the principles which have controlled
its decisions in the interim, decide that the
submission of that article to the then twenty-
six States adhering to the Union and support-
ing the Constitution is all that the Constitution
requires ; and that the submission of it to those
bodies which assumed to legislate for the terri-
tory which is described by Andrew Johnson,
the present political idol of the Democratic
party, who is esteemed by the gentleman from
New_ York [Mr. Robinson] as the greatest
President this country ever had except Wash-
ington, Jackson, and perhaps Jefferson, was
unnecessary and nugatory. The language of
that great idol of the Democracy, in his proc-
lamation of May 29, 1865, in appointing a pro-
visional governor for North Carolina, and
which, as neither Mr. Seward nor he could
impro ve it, was reiterated in all other like proc-
lamations six times, was:
Whereasthe rebellion which has been waged by a
portion of the people of the United States against
the properly constituted authorities of the Govern- I
ment thereof in the most violent andrevolting form,
but whose organized and armed forces tiavo now been
almost entirely overcome, has in its revolutionary
progress deprived the people of the State of North
Carolina [naming each of the other States in the
subsequent proclamations] ot all civil government."
I agree with Andrew Johnson that the vio-
lence of revolution had deprived the peopL
of Arkansas of all civil government,, which Con-
gress alone could restore.
Mr. NIBLACK. Is not the gentleman from
Pennsylvania mistaken when he says that a
proclamation was issued as to Arkansas?
Mr. KELLEY. I may perhaps be.
Mr. NIBLACK. If I rightly understand the
matter, that State was reorganized during the
Administration of President Lincoln, and Gov-
ernor Murphy was elected under Mr. Lincoln's
proclamation by the State of Arkansas as
reorganized by Mr. Lincoln's Administration.
The propriety of that action I know entered
into the canvass of 1864, but whether it was
recognized or not, the government thus organ-
ized has been in existence ever since as the
government of Arkansas. Whether it was regu-
larly organized or not, the blame does not rest
with the present Administration, but with its
predecessor..
Mr. KELLEY. I accept the geographical
correction of the gentleman from Indiana. It
was only as to seven States, so called, that Mr.
Johnson issued this proclamation.
Mr. NIBLACK. I would ask if the gentle-
man during the late Administration of Mr.
Lincoln objected to the reorganization of Ar-
kansas ?
Mr. KELLEY. I will come to that point
in a moment.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I would ask the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania if he will not, yield, so
that the committee of conference ordered by
the House may be appointed?
The SPEAlvER. The Chair will state that
committees of conference are never announced
in the House. *
Mr. INGERSOLL. I would like to inquire
if it has been appointed ?
I he SPEAKER. The Chair will respond
to that question, although it is not one that
comes within parliamentary rules.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to know if it
has been done, in order that a motion may be
made to adjourn, if the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will yield for that purpose.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Bout-
well] has gone to the Senate Chamber to
ascertain if it is the intention of that body to
sit to-night until the report of the committee
of conference is acted on. If not the confer-
ence committee will include a member not here
to-night, but who can act to-morrow.
Mr. INGERSOLL. That is the information
I desired.
Mr. KELLEY. I will say in response to
the question of the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Niblack] that I did protest against that
reorganization of the government of Arkansas
as wholly unwarranted by the Constitution of
the United States, that I argued the question
with our late lamented President more than
once, and in the presence of more than one
person, and that I steadily and uniformly voted
and worked upon this floor to prevent the
admission to seats of the so-called Senators
an^ so-called Representatives from the so-
called State of Arkansas upon the ground that
the same revolutionary violence that Mr. John-
son, before his abandonment of the professions
on which he had been elected, recognized as
having deprived the people of seven States of
all civil government, had deprived the people
ot Arkansas of all civil government, and that
the President had no power to reorganize or
attempt to reorganize, except by the provision
of Congress,_ governments upon all that terri-
tory ; aud^ sir, this House is endeavoring and
has been for the last week to learn something
of the views of the Administration on the ques-
tion at issue. My colleague from*the Erie dis-
trict on the 5th of this month introduced a reso-
lution calling upon the Secretary of State for
