1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
623
information as to how many States had ap-
proved the constitutional amendment known
as the fourteenth article. No answer has yet
been received so far as the House has learned.
Mr. Speaker, may I inquire of you whether one
has come into your hands?
The SPEAKER. In regard to what?
Mr. KELLEY. The call on the President
was for information as to how many States had
approved that constitutional amendment.
The SPEAKER. At this adjourned meet-
ing there has been no answer. The Chair thinks
there was a communication on the subject at
the March session.
Mr. KELLEY. There has been no answer
to the resolution offered by my colleague ?
The SPEAKER. There has been none at
The SPEAKER.
this session.
Mr. KELLEY. Whenever that, answer
comes in, should he recognize these pretended
States, it will be my pleasure, as it will be my
duty to move, or to sustain the motion'of some-
body else, a resolution declaring the seuse of
this House that the constitutional amendment
was improperly submitted to these pretended
I «;]ii f 11 fpc;
rfhe SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Morgan*] that
the Senate does not intend to sit to finish the
reconstruction bill this evening. The Chair
has appointed the conference committee on
the part of the House ; and whenever the gen-
tleman from Ohio concludes his remarks or
yields the floor, no further business in relation
to reconstruction renders necessary a prolong-
ation of this evening's session.
Mr. MORGAN. Mr. Speaker, it is neither my
purpose nor my desire to make a speech. I do
not rise with anyjsuch intention.
Mr. ITOLMAN. I appeal to the gentleman
from Ohio to yield for a motion to adjourn.
This question will come up the first thing in
the morning as unfinished business.
Mr. MORGAN. I yield for an adjournment.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I move that the House now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and thereupon
(at nine o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS.
The following petitions wero presented under the
rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
I!y the SPEAKER: The petition of Charles F.
Fletcher, praying that theright of citizenship may be
given to the aborigines.
By Mr. MYERS: The petition of honorably dis-
charged soldiers of Pennsylvania entitled to the addi-
tional bounty granted by act ot Congress of July 28,
1866, askint? congressional action to expedito thepay-
ment of said bounty.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, July 13, 1867.
Prayer by Rev. E. II. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
PETITION.
Mr. MORGAN. I present the petition of
Nathaniel D. Carlile & Son, praying for the pas-
sage of a joint resolution by which certain wool
imported by them and entered for duty on the
4th day of March last may be subject to payment
of duty according to the laws in force prior to
the passage of the act of last session increasing
the duties on wool. This is a case where the
petitioners allege that they paid the duty on
this wool the day that the tariff bill became a
law, the 4th day of March, and the increased
duties were exacted; that the entry has not yet
been liquidated at the custom-house; and they
ask the,passage of an act placing them on the
same footing as they would have been if the
goods had been entered on ike previous day,
as the vessel was in port on the previous day.
if there was any business to be transacted at
this session I should think this would be a
proper case ; but under the decision of the
Senate, I move that the petition lie on the
table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The peti-
tion will lie on the table under the rule.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
Mr. PATTERSON; of Tennessee. I ask
leave to withdraw the papers in the case of
Ellas Beale. There "was a favorable report,
and all the relief he asked of Congress has
been granted. My object in withdrawing the
papers is to have them presented to the Com-
missioner of Pensions with Ms application for
a pension.
Leave was granted.
KECESS.
Mr. TIPTON. I ask that the bill introduced
by me yesterday may be taken up for the pur-
pose of referring it to the Committee on Indian
Affairs. I make that motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Nebraska asks the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to refer a bill to the appro-
priate committee. -Is there any objection V
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate take
a recess for half an hour. I understand the
committee of conference will be ready to re-
port at that time.
The'PRESIDENT pro tempore, I suppose
that motion takes precedence.
The motion was agreed to ; there being, on
a division—ayes 15, noes 12 ; and the Senate
accordingly took a recess for half an hour.
INDIAN HOSTILITIES.
The Senate reassembled at fifteen minutes
to one o'clock.
The PRESIDENTtempore. The Chair
will lay before the Senate a communication
from the Secretary of the Interior.
The communication was read, as follows:
Department ov the Interior.
Washington, D. C., July r5,1867.
Sir : In compliance with a resolution of tho Senate
of tho 8th instant, calling for reports made to this
Department by commissioners heretofore appointed,
or by superintendents or agents ot' Indian tribes,
together tfithany other authentic and reliable infor-
mation m its possession, touchmgtheoriginand prog-
ress of existing Indian hostilities on the frontier,
&e„ I have the honor to transmit-herewith a report
of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, dated the 12th
instant, with accompanying printed reports of Gen-
erals Buf'ord and Sanborn, marked A and B, and
copiesofthe reports, letters, andtelcgrams, numbered
one to lorty-live, inclusive, referred to in said re-
port of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant.
W. X. OTTO, Acting Secretary.
Hon. Benjamin F. Wade, President of the United
States Senate.
Mr. HENDERSON. I understand that there
is a short report there from the Indian depart-
ment, and as it is a matter of very great im-
portance, and as the report of the committee
of conference is not now before us, and I do
not think there is anything else the Senate can
engage in, I hope the Senate will hear it. It
will not take more than fifteen minutes to
read it.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope that report of the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs will be read.
We have been called on since I have been here
this session two or three times for some plan
to settle this Indian difficulty. I believe a plan
is suggested in the report of the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, and I should like to hear it.
The PRESIDENT It I>e
read if there be no objection.
The Chief Clerk read the report, as follows:
Department of tiik Interior,
Office Indian Affairs,
July 12,1867.
Sill: I have tho honor to acknowledge the receipt
by reference fiora your Department of Sonateresolu-
tion of the 8th instant, calling upon the Secretary of
the Interior to communicate to the Senate any reports
made to his Department by commissioners heretofore
appointed, or by superintendents or agentsof Indian
tribes, together with any otherauthenticandrehable
information in his possesion touching the origin
and progress of the existing Indian hostilities on the
I frontier; also to communicate as far as he can the
i extent of the disaffection among the Indian triocs,
whether thoy'are waging war as tribes or as individ-
uals, and if as individuals what disposition has been
oris likely to be made of the friendly Indians for-
merly* belonging to the hostile bauds; and that he
make suchsuggestions as in his judgment will lead to
1 the most speedy termination of pending hostilities
j and prevent Indian wars m the future.
In compliance with your instructions to report all
i' the facts in regard to these difficulties now in posses-
j! sion of this office, with suchsuggestions and views as
>' I may deem necessary and proper in tbo premises, I
would respectfully invite your attention to tho in-
closed printed copy of the reports of the Secretaries
of War and Interior relative to the Fort Phil. Kear-
ney massaerc, which itis thought will show tho cause
of tho commencement of the present hostilities, or
at least of those at or near said fort where hostile
demonstrations by any considerable force wero first
made by the Indians. The views in regard to the
visit of the Indians who mado these demonstrations,
which resulted in themassacre of our troops, expressed
by my predecessor in his roport of tho 4th of February
last, are not correct, as will be seen from the report
oi UeneralBuford.onopfthceommissioners appointed
by the 1 resident to visit the Indian country, [sec copy
herewith marked A,] and from General Sanborn's
report, also herewith B.
I also inclose copies of reports, letters, and tele-
grams received at this office since the roports of lato
Commissioner Bogy were made, as contained in said
printed copy of reports. These papeis. numbered
from one to forty-five, inclusive, in tho order of their
dates, contain all the reliable information I have in
regard to tho matter since the 21st of Pebruarv last.
A careiul examination of these papers has led me
to tho following conclusions:
First, That tho tribes and parts oftribes involved in
the war aro the following, namely: as tribes the North-
ern Cheyennes and Arapahoes, numbering about one
hundred and eighty lodges, say three hundred war-
riors; tho Minneconjon band of the Teton Sioux:
nation, three hundred lodges, aboutfive hundred war-
riors; thoseoftheO'Gallall&bandof Sioux who would
notconsent to cede theright of way tor the Montana
road via Powder river and the right to plant military
posts in their country, one hundred and thirty lodges,
about two hundred and fifty warriors; those of the
Brul6 band of Sioux, who coincided with the Q'Gal-
lallas in opposing the cession of the road and post
privileges, some one hundred and fifty lodges, about
three hundred warriors; those of the Two Kettle
band of Sioux entertaining the same views, about one
hundred and fifty lodges and some throe hundred
warriors, making in all about sixtoen hundred to
eighteen hundred effective warriors.
These wero tho Indians who perpetrated the Phil.
Kearney massacre, and who have been cariying on
tho war in the north.
On the Plains furthersouth the only Indians known
to be making hostiledeinonstrations aro the southern
Cheyonnes and Arapahoes, numbering some two hun-
dred lodges and about five hundred warriors, with
possibly a few individuals from other tribes.
I am led to the conclusion—
Second. Thatthccausesof the war aro easily traecd
and readily understood when a few facts are known.
These facts Iproeecdto cull from the official record*.
In December, 1861, occurred the hoi rible Sand Creek
massacre of friendly Cheyennes and Arapahoes m
Colorado Territory. Exasperated and maddened by
this cold-blooded butchory of their women and chil-
dren, disarmed warriors, and old men, tho remnant of
these Indians sought the aid and protection of tho
Comanches and Kiowas, and obtained both. The com-
bination which followed embraced all the tribes of
thePlains from the lied riverof tho South to the Red
river of the North, and resulted in the general Indian
war ol 1805, which cost our people many valuable lives
and ijHO,000,000 in money. Peace was concluded with,
all the southern Indians in October, 1865. Peace was
likewise made with the Missouri river Indians hue
in tho same autumn, and the Indians ongaged in the
recent hostilitiesgave notieethat they also wore will-
ing to bury tho tomahawk.
Commissioners were accordingly appointed to treat
with these Indians at Laramie, in June,186t>. Unfor-
tunately a new complication arose. The commis-
sioners insisted that the Indians grant the United
States the right of establishing military posts at the
base of the Bigllorn mountain (nowFort Phil. Kear-
ney) and on tho headwaters of the Yellowstone river,
(now Port C. F. Smith,) the only remaining reliable
hunting grounds of these Indians. The Indians occu-
pying the country in the vicinity of the proposed
military posts refused to grant the required rights.
While this matter was still under consideration a
military command arrived on its way to plant those
forts, and the Indians, being informed that the posts
were to beimmediatclyc^tabhjshed andgarnsoncd by
these troops with or without their consent, at onco
withdrew from theeouncil.rofusing-to accept presents,
and very soon went to war upon all the troops who
attempted to pass over this road. Such was tho
origin of the war on the Montana road.
In April of the current year the southern Chcy-
enncsand Arapahoes were peacefully occupying their
village on the grounds assigned to them as hunting
grounds by the treaty of October, 1865, when a mili-
tary command under Major General Hancock, with-
out any known provocation, burned down their homes
of threo hundred lodges (including perhaps one hun-
dred lodges of friendly Sioux) and all their provis-
ions, clothing, utensils, and property of every descrip-
tion. In view of these facts it is scarcely deemed
necessary to seek further for reasons for the hostility
of the southern Cheyennes and Arapahoes.
Whilcsea rciiiug for the origin of our existing Indian
war, I beg loave to insert here the following extract
from a letter of Lieutenant General Sherman, dared
Foit Lyon, Colorado, (September 30, I860, forwarded
to the Secretary of War by General Grant, and re-
ferred to this office:
" Craig (formerly a colonel or captain in tho Army,
and owner of-a large rancheon tho lluerfano) may
be taken as the best sample of the class of men who
are settling along the east base of the mountains.
He has thoroughly proventhe ability to produce, but
then comes the more difficult problem of consump-
tion, who is to buy his corn? The miners of Colorado
in the mountains two hundred milesdistant will take
some, but tho cost of hauling is enormous. The lew
travelers and stage companies will buy a little, but
