624
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July IS,
he and all situated like him look to our military for
a market, and that is the real pressure for garrisons
and an Indian war. The Utes are harmless and
peaceable, and the Cheyennes and Arapahoes are off
after the buffalo, God only knows where, and X do not
see how we ean make a decent excuse for an Indian
war.
"I have traveled all the way from Laramie with-
out a single soldier or escort. I met single men
unarmed traveling along the road, as in Missouri.
Cattle and horses graze loose far from their owners,
most tempting to a starving Indian, and though the
Indians might easily make a descent on these scat-
&t?reu ranches,yet they have not done so, and 1 see
no external signs of a fear of such an event, though
all the people are clamorous for military protection.
I received at Pueblo a petition to that efiect, signed
h7 so many names that I could not help answering
that the names to the petition exceeded in number
the strength of any of our small garrisons. Still I
do think that the efforts of these people to transform
the desert into productive farms is worthy of encour-
agement of the General Government, and I will
treat of the subject again at length. Alter spending
part of a day and the night at Craig's I resumed the
journey down the Huerfano twenty miles to its
mouth, there forded the Arkansas, and turned up five
miles to the house of Colonel Boone, a man of note
m thia quarter. He also has a good two-story frame
house^with liis family, embracing the wife of Col-
onel Elmer Otis, but she happened to be away on a
visit to some neighbor and I didnotsee her. Colonel
Boono was at home, and I talked with him freely on
the above and all other points of interest. He is
an old Indian man, was on the Plains with General
Ashley as early as 1824, and has been more or loss
connected with the Indians ever since. He also
made the treaty with the Cheyennes and Arapahoes
m 18u0. He cultivates a farm and lives seemingly as
little apprehensive of danger from Indians as the
rest of the people. Alter camping a night near his
house, we turned down the Arkansas, and traveled,
in throe days, one hundred miles to this "post, Fort
Lyon. I did not see or hear of an Indian the whole
distance, though we passed through the whole
l^MUh of the Cheyenne and Arapaho reservation."
Ihe above letter is dated September 30, 1S(>6. I
learn from the papers herewith, particularly Irom
General Sanborn's report of tho 8th instant:
Ihird. That a portion of our commission met
representatives of all or nearly all the hostile bands
oi tuo north at Fort Laramie as late as tho 12th
?x i UP° iast' •anc* weat into council with them;
that they professed a willingness to make peace,
agreed to cease offensive war until autumn, with a
view ot making a satisfactory treaty in the interim,
?il? f .am informed by one of the commission now in
YV ashing ton, namely, General Sanborn, that they are
willing to stipulato that the Montana road, with
necessary military posts to protect it, may go through
their country west of the BigHorn mountain, which
would avoid their choico hunting grounds. He is
satisfied also that they will, forareasonablecompen-
&ation, agree by treaty to tho present location ol the
road and the posts. 1 conclude—
J'ourtfi. That while the hostile bands are willing to
ma^c a lasting peace upon anything like equitable
terms, and while the friendly Indians are exceedingly
reluctant to go into war with the United States, yet
a further and persistent disregard and violation of
the natural rights of the Indians and of the treaty
obligations of tho Government toward them, such
fu characterized our military operations among
them xor the past twelve months, will soon result in
an Indian war of gigantic proportions, and of pro-
longed and indefinite duration, at an appalling ex-
pense ot life and at a cost of hundreds of millions of
dollars. 11 we desire this result, if we want the war
we have provoked enlaiged and intensified till our
whole frontier 3s* ?n a blaze, till our infant Ten i tori es
are isolated and besieged and Pacific overland com-
munication out off, we have only to press a little
lurtncr the policy wo arc now pursuing and we will
get ail we desire.
.From the facts before me I conclude—
JfittK Ihatwe can have all we want from the In-
diana, findpoaeewitlioutwar,ifweso will, with entire
security on all our frontiers and in all our territorial
domain, atacostof less than two days' expenses ofthe
existing war, (towit, S^oO.OOO,) and in less than one hun-
dred days. Lut how shall peace beso easily and so soon
made ? # bimply by retracing our wrong steps and by
doing right. I ay the northern Cheyennes and Ara-
pahoes and the hostile Sioux for the trespass we have
committed upon their recognized lights, and nego-
tiate with tUem by fair treaty for the privileges of
way and of military posts on their lands so far as we
may need them. This is only doing them ju&tice, as
our established policy requires, and this makes them
our friends at once, renders travel and transportation
safe and garrisons almost useless. Restore to the
southern Cheyennes their village and their property
we so wantonly and foolishly burned and destroyed,
oi pa> Iheui a lair price for them, and they will come
back Irom the war path and resume the avocations
oi peace.
It is believed that the destruction by our forces of
toe Cheyenne village and property (valued at 3100,000)
m April last has already cost the Government more
trianiive million dollars in money, one hundred lives
oi citizens and soldiers, and jeopardized all our
material interests on the Plains and along hundreds
oi miles ot our frontier.
it will be seen among the papers herewith that
Lieutenant General Sherman, in a dispatch to the
feccietary o£\Y ar, dated Fort McPherson, Nebraska,
L'-V1?^,a?10ilg othor things, says: "Myopin-
tSJLif £ Indiana a£e allowed to remain be-
enaSJ Al^ansa,s «n<i We will have to
SXi ™ f'y stass every train, and all rail-
ioaa working parties. In other words, fifty hostile
Indians will checkmate three thousand soldiers."
Now, if this be true between the Arkansas and the
Platte, of which region ho is speaking, what a tre-
mendous army will be required in the field if vrt con-
clude to precipitate a general Indian war and to
prosecute it to a successful result.
In my judgment we have war general, prolonged,
bloody, and ruinous, with ail its accompanying bar-
barities and atrocities, and peace speedy and dura-
ble, with all fts concomitant and consequent bless-
ings, in our own hands and at our own option.
To make peace it is, in my opinion, necessary, first,
that that part of an act approved March 29,1867, re-
pealing "all laws allowing the President, the Secre-
tary of tho Interior, or the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs to enter into treaties with any Indian tribe "
shall be repealed; otherwise there can be no binding
agreement for peace made with the hostile Indians,
second, that an appropriation should be made to
defray all the necessary expenses to be incurred in
making the desired treaties: third, that all military
operations within the Indian country shall be subject
to the direction and control of tho Indian depart-
ment. Supply these essential prerequisites, and I
am firmlyof the opinion that peace ean bo restored
in a very short time.
In regard to the best means to secure and perpetu-
ate peace between the Indians-andour people, I beg
leave to suggest that it is essential to the perpetuation
of peace with the Indians, first, that the Government
respect religiously and protect by all means their
natural rights, as ascertained by our own highest
judicial tribunal; and second, that it observe strictly
and carry out faithfully all its treaty obligations to
them.
Wo hay© reached a po.int in our national history
when, it seems to me, there are but two alternatives
left us as to what shall be the future of the Indian,
namely, swift extermination by the sword and fam-
ine, or preservation by gradual concentration on ter-
ritorial reserves andciviiization. Our present policy
or rather want of a policy in this regard is working
out, and must result, if persisted.in, in extermination.
As now situated the [ndian tribes are in the way of
our toiling and enterprising population, and unpro-
tected they will soon be inevitably submerged and
buried beneath its confluent surges. Possessing ori-
ginally tho continent, they roamed at will among its
mountains, valleys, and broad plains free and un-
trammebd, the proprietors and lords of them all.
But rapidly our race has relieved them of their vast
domain, and the remnants of the ancient red nations
encircled by the pressing millions oi our people main-
tain a precarious foothold on their last hunting
grounds. These millions will soon crush them out
from the face of the earth unless the humanity and
Christian philanthropy of our enlightened statesmen
shall interfero and rescue them. The sentiment of
our people will not for a moment tolerate the idea
of extermination.
In my judgment, the Indians can only be saved
from extinction by consolidating them as rapidly as
it can be peacefully done on larger reservations, from
which all whites, except Government employes,shall
be excluded, and educating them intellectually and
morally, and training them in the arts of civilization,
so as to render them at the- earliest practicable mo-
mentsclf-supporting, and at the proper time to clothe
them with the rights and immunities of citizenship.
Ihe path by which humanity has emerged from a
condition of savage barbarity to its largest develop-
ment has been through pastoral pursuits into agri-
culture and the arts up to the highest sphere of
mental refinement in the learned professions.
Entertaining these ideas I beg leave to recommend
that the Government take such steps as may be
deemed proper to set apart a territory somewhere
north of the northern line of Nebraska and west of
tho Missouri river of liberal dimensions for the ex-
clusive occupation and ultimate homo of all the
Indians north ofthe Platte and of Iowa, and east of
the summit of the Ilocky mountains, and make ap-
propriations at once to enable this department to
make suitable preparations for such Indians as are
now ready to enter upon pastoral and agricultural
pursuits m said territory. To initiate this policy, if
adopted, I ask an appropriation of $100,000.
That the policy indicated may be of universal ap-
plication, I would respectfully recommend that a
territory beset apart south ofthe southern line
ot Kansas and west of Arkansas, including the pres-
ent Indian Territory and the country known as the
staked plains of Texas, and so much of New Mexico
as may be necessary, for the exclusive occupation
m V ' home of all the Indians south of the
Platte and east ot Arizona, and for the inauguration
of tins pan m reference to said territory and said
madeofn00SU00 that an appropriation be
I recommend that all necessary provisions be made
by Congress to procure at once-that portion ot Texas
or so mucn thereof as maybe necessary, lyin<* be-
tween the western boundary ofthe Indian Territory
and the eastern boundary of New Mexico.
I would recommend that a commission be ap-
pointed, to proceed to the Pacific coast and Arizona,
to select one or more reservations of ample sizeupon
which to concentrate all the Indians west of the
iiocky mountains. And for this- object I ask an
appropriation of $20,000.
Ihere are now concentrated on the Niobrara river
gear the Platte river, under the chiefs Spotted Tail,
giyitt Lear, I wo Strike, Big Mouth, and others, about
niteen hundred friendly Sioux who have sep.trated
from the hostile bands. To this number will soon be
added soijie twenty to twenty-five hundred friendly
Indians now. on their way from the hostile country.
1 ending hostilities, or until placed on reservations,
and until they saall have raised a crop or two, these
Indiaus mil have to be subsisted by the Govern-
meat, or permitted to join their hostile kindred. To
give them three-quarter rations will cost $300,000 per
annum, and I recommend that this sum be appropri-
ated by Congress at its present session for their sub-
sistence for tho fiscal year ending June 30,1868.
The friendly Cheyennes, Arapahoes, and Apaches
of the south, forced by General Hancock's command
to abandon their hunting grounds set apart to them
by the treaty of October, 1865, are now at or near
Sort Cobban the Indian country, in a destitute con-
dition, and numbering (with the Kiowas and Co-
manclies) from five to seven thousand souls. These
Indians, if not permitted to return to their own hunt-
ing grounds, must either be fed by the Government
or be driven to plundering the border inhabit-
crnAnAn(iW^v.* therefore ask an appropriation of
§500,000, for tho purpose of supplying these Indians,
if found to be necessary.
I ask also an appropriation of $100,000 to enable
the -Department, if found expedient, to reimburse
the southern Cheyennes and Arapahoes and friendly
bioux for their village and property destroyed by
our troops in .April last, with a view to restoring
peaceiul relations to them and safety and security
to lite and property on the Plains.
In conclusion, X take the liberty of stating- to the
honorable Secretary, for theinformation of tho coun-
try, that the total cost of the Indian Bureau in its
extended field of operations, including all its expend-
itures, does not exceed $3,000,000 per annum.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
„ N. d. TAYLOR,, Commissioner.
Hon. W. T. Otto,
Acting Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move that the report
lie on the table and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro. tempore also laid
before the Senate a communication from the
Acting Secretary of the Interior, submitting
an estimate of an appropriation required to
supply a deficiency in the appropriation for
the relief of the Navajo Indians now at or near
Fort Sumner, for the fiscal year ending June
80, 1867. The amount is $304,320.
Mr.POMEROY. Do I understand that is
an estimate-for an appropriation sent to us by
the head of a Department?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sec-
retary of the Interior.
Mr. POMEROY. Such communications
should be sent to us through the President.
It is against our rules to receive communica-
tions making estimates for appropriations,
excepting through the President of the United
States.
Mr. GRIMES. The Secretaries send esti-
mates.
Mr. POMBROY. I remember once the
Senate passed a resolution returning such a com-
munication because it did not come through the
President.
Mr. WILSON. This is from the Secretary
of the Interior, the head of a Department.
Mr. POMEROY. I know it is from the
Secretary of the Interior. It has been done
in a few instances; but the Senate, in more
than one instance, has sent it back to the head
of a Department because it did not come to us
through the President. I do not know that I
shall make a motion now ; I only call attention
to the fact that.such communications making
estimates for appropriations should be sent to
us from the Departments through the President.
_Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator is clearly
mistaken. Each Secretary makes his own
estimates. They are sent here certainly some-
times by the Secretary of the Treasury without
coming through the President at all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. By law the Secretary
of the Treasury communicates directly with
Congress.
Mr. HENDERSON. Theinstances alluded
to by the Senator from Kansas are certainly
instances of this character, where heads of
bureaus and not the heads of Departments have
made estimates. He is certainly mistaken. I
move that the report be' printed.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Several executive messages in writing were
received from the President of the United
States, by Mr. V. G. Mooke, his Secretary.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that tho Senate
proce'ed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to ; and after some
