628
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE,
July 13,
negative. Ishould not have undertaken myself
to make up the record, but as it is to be made
up, I think that my duty to myself and my pub-
lie convictions require me to vote in the neg-
ative.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, I did not
intend to say a word on this subject, and I
shall only say one or two words now. I
regret very much thatiuy colleague is not able
to vote for this report. I am glad to arrive at
any decision here which will bring this Union
together again; and I have thought that was
the desire of my colleague also. In my judg-
ment if the executive officer of the Qflvern-
ment had let well enough alone we should not
h^ve been called here now, and there would
have been no necessity for another bill on this
subject. I want the Union restored; but I
want those people who have been in rebellion
and who have brought all this trouble upon the
country to know that they have done wrong.
If they had been let alone after the surrender
of Lee, I am sure it would not have been
necessary for us to pass any of these bills that
are called reconstruction bills. -I think, too,
that if their officious friends, their unwise
friends, had let well enough alone since the
last adjournment of Congress, it would have
been better for them, and perhaps better for
the country.
Now, sir, I vote for this measure with the
desire that it shall be the end of our legislation
on the subject; but if the people of the South
are not content with the clemency of Congress,
then I say I hope we shall come back again
and give them something else. They have
been rebels to the Government; they have
tried to destroy it, and they had no right to
expect the clemency with which Congress has
treated them.
When I look back to the history of other
countries I find that from the time of the
Stuarts it was the Parliament which saved the
liberties of the people; and I am satisfied now
that it is the representatives of the people who
are going to save the liberties of this country.
I dislike all this mawkishness which we hear
about constitutional questions. Whatmockery
to hear prating about the Constitution from the
mouths of those who have disregarded the
Constitution ; who sought not only to destroy
the Constitution, .but to destroy the whole
country, and who, when they were in rebel-
lion, did all they could to make themselves
shameless before the world ; who were not only
disgraceful in their conduct, in their injuries
to their fellow-citizens, but to the whole world.
And these people have no claim to govern-
mental rights except what the people of the
North are willing to extend to them. I think
one of the grandest spectacles which I ever
read of in history has been that justice which
has lately been meted out to a man who went
down into Mexico to subvert the liberties of
that country. _ I believe that if we had been a
little more positive in our acts of justice at the
close of this war wc should not have had the
trouble we now have.
I have only got to® say, Mr. President, that
I approve of this bill. I would have taken
the bill of the Senate, or I would have taken
the bill of the House. Either of them was
strong enough for me. Either of them, I think,
would save us from any further trouble. And I
repeat again, if this does not satisfy the people
who were in rebellion, I shall be willing to come
back and try to legislate them into the Union.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, 1 concede
that the crimes of the people of the South,
have been very great, but I deny that the
crimes of any portion of the people of the
United States can increase the powers of Con-
gress; and at the same time I maintain that
it is not the people of the South alone who
have committed crimes. Crimes have been
committed by others besides the rebels.
I voted and spoke against the original bill,
of which the measure under consideration is a
supplement. I voted and spoke against the
supplement that was passed in March to that
original bill. If I had occupied the position
of being a supporter of the original measure,
and had voted for it, I should have felt myself
free to vote for this measure ; but when this
measure is an aggravation of the original bill
and of the supplemental bill, and its only pur-
pose is to put down this noose tighter and more
inexorably upon the people of the South, how
can any man who voted against those original
measures give his sanction to the present meas-
ure by voting for the adoption of this report
of the coromittee of conference? This is the
very question: whether the present supple-
mental bill shall become a law or shall fall ?
The vote of the Senate on this report decides
that question. If we vote in favor of the report
of the committee of conference we vote that
the measure shall become a law. If we vote
against the report of the committee of confer-
ence we vote practically and essentially to
reject the measure.
Mr. President, it is not in any clemency to
the people of the South that I have taken my
course in relation to the policy of the late war
and the measures which the Government
adopted to put it down. It is for no purpose
to benefit or to relieve them that I have pur-
sued the course which I since thought proper
to pursue ; but my principles and course have
been dictated by my understanding of the Con-
stitution of our country, and by my devotion
to that Constitution and to the liberties, not
of the South, but of the whole people of the
United States, including those of my own
State. Sir, if I were to give this measure my
sanction, with my convictions of its utter un-
constitutionality and its total overthrow and
destruction of American liberty, 1 should deem
myself a base recreant, unworthy to be a mem-
ber of the Senate, unworthy to be ranged as a
friend of constitutional liberty.
Sir, I am not going to enlarge my remarks
on this occasion, but I say that the people of
the southern States have a right to self-govern-
ment under the Constitution of the United
States ; and according to the principles of the
Constitution they have that right at this time
as ample and unquestioned, as little subject to
interference by Congress, as has the State of
Ohio or the State of Massachusetts. I utterly
deny that Congress has any power to impose a
government upon the ten States that were
lately in rebellion. There is not a vestige of
any such power in the Constitution ; and so far
as it has been exercised, according to the con-
cession and in the words of the bold innovator
in the House, it is a power outside of the Con-
stitution and independent of the Constitution.
Your idea of revolutionizing States, of con-
quering States, of clothing Congress or the
whole Government of the United States with
the powersisiftf conquerors because they have
constitutionally, suppressed a rebellion in cer-
tain States, is preposterous in the last degree,
and it is utterly inimical to all ideas of con-
stitutional government and popular liberty. I
think that is a position which never has been
and never will be refuted. I denied a few days
ago that, Congress had any power to establish a
military government. I again, in a word, re-
peat that position. Congress has committed
the double enormity not only of usurping the
power of ten States to establish their own
governments, but of infringing upon the con-
stitutional authority of the President, of the
United States as Cormmnder-in-Chief to see to
the establishment of order in a conquered terri-
tory.
But, sir, I merely got up to protest that I
believe that consistency and principle and the
highest sense of duty require me and every man
who is a member of either House of Congress,
and who believes that the original measure was
unconstitutional, to vote against this and all
other measures proposed as subsidiary to it.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the report of the com-
mittee of conference, upon which the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted-—yeas 31, nays 6: as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Chandler, Cole,
Colliding, Crasrin, Edmunds, Fessenden, Fowler, Fre-
linghuysen, Grimes, Harlan, Henderson, Hownra.
Howe, Johnson, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Nye,
Patterson of New Hampshire, Pomeroy, Ramsey,
Sumner, Thayer. Tipton, Trumbull, Van Winkle,
Wade. Willey, Wilson, and Yates—31.
_ NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Buekalew, Davis, Ilend-
riekp, Norton, and Patterson of Tennessee—6.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cattell, Connoss.Corbeft, Dixon,
Doolittle, Drake, Terry, Guthrie, Morrill of Vermont,
Morton, Boss, Saulsbury, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart,
and Williams—16.
So the report was agreed to.
SUFFRAGE FOR COLORED CITIZENS.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senate has completed
one important work; and I now move that the
rule will be so far suspended as to authorize
the proceeding with the consideration of Sen-
ate bill No. 124.'
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is it?
Mr. SUMNER. The bill that was ruled out
of order last night.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There have been so
many ruled out of order that we do not know
by that mere statement what it is.
Mr. SUMNER. It is a bill to enforce the
several provisions of the Constitution abolish-
ing slavery, declaring the immunities of citi-
zens, and guarantying a republican form of
government by securing the elective franchise
to colored citizens.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am under the impres-
sion that that bill was referred to the Judiciary
Committee and never reported back.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon.
It is on the Calendar reported back with the
request of that committee to be discharged
from its further consideration.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think this is not one
of those bills. I have no recollection of its
ever having been considered by the committee,
and I think so important a bill ought certainly
to receive the serious and careful considera-
tion of some committee. . If the bill has been
reported back, I think it was an inadvertence.
Mr. SUMNER. My motion is that rule of
•Tnly 5 be suspended, so as to allow the consid-
eration of Senate bill No. 124.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator has not stated
the title, nor has if. been read by the Clerk at
the desk. I trust, therefore, the Senator will
explain to us the provisions of the bill, so that
we may know what it is.
Mr. SUMNER. I take it the Senator is
aware of the provisions of the bill. It was
explained last night.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I rise to. a question of
order. It is that the resolution adopted by the
Senate cannot be suspended as a rule of the
Senate might be by unanimous consent. That
resolution became the law of the body for this
session, and it cannot be disturbed except by
a motion to reconsider, and the time for a
reconsideration has passed.
Mr. CONKLING. Or on one day's notice
the rule may be changed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not think it is
an ordinary rule of the Senate, which can be
changed on one day's notice. It is a resolu-
tion, which stands as a'fixed law of the body
for the session, and can be only disturbed by
a motion of reconsideration. Therefore the
motion of the Senator to suspend it is not in
order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I know of
no process by which a rule of the Senate can
be suspended by a two-thirds vote, as is done
in the other House in regard to the rules of
that body. I believe a rule allowing such a
vote of suspension has never prevailed in the
Senate. By unanimous consent we supersede
our rules frequently, but in no other way. In
order to rescind or modify a rule one day's
notice previously must be given. I do not
think this motion is in order.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I give notice that
to-morrow or the next day I shall move to sus-
pend the rule of the Senate so far as to allow
the consideration of this special bill.
RECONSTllUCTION EXl'EJiSES.
_Mr. WILSON. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 134, making an appropriation for the
