1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
629
execution of the laws providing for the more
efficient government of the rebel States.
_ Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to make an
inquiry of the chairman of the Finance Com-
mittee, if it is not a very unusual thing to
originate an appropriation bill, in the Senate?
I know the constitutional provision does not
extend to it; but I ask whether it is not a
very unusual thing, whether it is not a. depart-
ure from the -uniform practice, to originate an
appropriation bill in the Senate ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The chairman of the
Committee on finance [My. Sherman] is not
here..
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I will make the
inquiry of the Senator from Maine, who is,
with me, on a question of that sort as good
authority now as if he were chairman.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well, sir, there ia no
constitutional objection to originating an appro-
priation bill in this body, because the constitu-
tional provision applies only to bills for raising
revenue, and not to bills appropriating revenue.
"Within my recollection, at one session the
Senate concluded that in order to advanco
business they would originate one of the gen-
eral appropriation bills, although the custom
had been to have them originate in the other
House. That was done, and the bill was sent
down to the House; but the House objected
to it, and laid it on the table, and I think
immediately adopted it as their own, originat-
ing there as a new bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. The House has uniformly
objected to our taking any such course.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They have uniformly
objected to it, and claimed the sole right to
originate such bills themselves. But we are
in the habit every day of originating appro-
priations here for specific purposes, not the
general appropriation bills. I do not see any
objection to originating this bill in the Senate,
and I presume the other House will take no
exception to it, as it appropriates a sum of
money for a specific purpose. There is really
no constitutional objection to it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I was quite aware that
the constitutional provision extended only to
revenue bills ; but I felt at the same time very
sure that the Senate was not in the habit of
originating appropriation bills. It has been
the understanding, I think, from the founda-
tion of the Government that those bills ought
to originate in the popular branch of the Le-
gislature when the members come directly
from the tax-paying people. I do not think
there is a sufficient reason now to depart
from a principle that the House has insisted
upon whenever the question has been pre-
sented. I suppose, however, there is no rule
under which objection can be made; but upon
this ground I shall vote against taking up the
bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Massachusetts to take up Senate bill No. 134
for consideration.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill.
Mr. WILSON. The bill was laid over last
night for the purpose of getting the estimates.
I have now received them, and I send the let-
ter containing them to the desk to be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
"War Department,
Paymaster General's Office.
Washington, July 9,1SGT.
Sik: Tho undersigned, to whom the subject has
been referred, havethehonor to report that a further
appropriation of 61,648,277 would appear from the
estimates received to be possibly necessary to com-
plete the work of reconstruction in the rebel States
under the acts of Congress of March 2 and 23,1867;
the oiiginal appropriation for this object (§3)0,000,
by joint resolution of March 30,1867,) having been
distributed to the respective districts, as follows:
First district  11
Second district  6J.4A4 45
Third district..  §7.222 22
Fourth district  ?-
Fifth district  lbG.btob Qi
$500,000 00
It appears by the estimate transmitted that a fur-
ther large amount is requisite, as follows:
First district, estimate for further sum necessary to
complete  S80,000 00
Second district, same  4(il,805 00
Third district, same  27,778 00
Fourth distiict, estimates to July 1, in ad-
dition to the amount ($97,222 22) already
supplied  248,539 00
Fifth district, estimates for one month
dated April 17, for $213,420, of which
$166,666 6? have already been supplied,
leaving a remainder called for  76,753 00
Total :  $891,875 00
If General Ord's (fourth district)rogistrars, estimated
for to the 1st of July only, should be continued on
duty under pay to the end of July, then there should
be added to the above the expenses for that month,
at the rates of compensation stated in his estimate,
the sum of $159,781, and if continued to the end of
August double that sum—8319,562.
The same, likewise, of General Sheridan's district,
(fifth,) whoso estimate received is foronomonthonly.
If the monthly expenses continue for a period of two
months at the rate stated they will amount to the
further sum of $218,420. If tor three months, to
$436,840.
These figures give the sum of SI ,648,277 as possibly
required, but dependent upon contingencies which
cannot now bo determined.
"VVc have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servants,
B. W. BRICE,
Paymaster General.
E. D. TOWNSEND.
Assistant Aj.ijutant General.
lion. Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary of War.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask the chairman of the
committee if that recommendation is sanc-
tioned by the Secretary of War?
Mr. WILSON. I suppose it is. I have here
a note sjgugd by General Schriver. I was at
the War Department yesterday morning and
the Secretary of War placed the document
which has been read in my hands. I handed
it back to him, and he said that he would send
it down yesterday.
Mr. JOHNSON. Apparently it is from the
Paymaster General.
Mr. WILSON. It is a report of the Pay-
master General and the Adjutant General to
the Secretary of War of the amount necessary
for the purpose ; but just now I received from
the War Department a letter of General Scliri-
ver inclosing this report from the War Depart-
ment, signed by these officers as their esti-
mate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. General Schriver is the
chief officer of the Department.
Mr. J OITNSON. We are never in the habit
of appropriating on estimates from subordi-
nate officers.
Mr. WILSON. There were certain esti-
mates made by persons in these offices, and
the papers were all referred to the Adjutant
General and the Paymaster General for them
to make up the estimate of what woulS be
necessary to be done, and this report was
made.to the Secretaxy of War and is sent here
by General Schriver. Why it was not signed
by the Secretary I do not know. It was in
his hands yesterday because be handed it to
me to read.
Mr. JOHNSON. For one, I should like to
have the sanction of the Secretary of War. I
should not like to vote such a sum as this with-
out the sanction of the head of the Depart-
ment. At thelastsessionitwassupposed that
$500,000 would be amply sufficient for the
execution of the law. Now we are asked to
appropriate over sixteen hundred thousand dol-
lars upon the mere estimate of the Paymaster
General's department. Why it should be now
necessary, when the matter is abopt to be
brought to a close, and the registration is to
close everywhere, I believe, in November, to
appropriate $1,600,000 more I am at a loss to
imagine. It may be right; and I am not to be
considered as wishing to oppose any necessary
appropriation to carry out these laws ; but I
think the Senate ought to have the opinion of
the Secretary of War on the subject before they
Mr. FESSENDEN. I quite agree with the
Senator from Maryland in his view about this
matter. I have no doubt that more money is
necessary, because all these officers say so ;
but it strikes me that it is very unwise to pro-
ceed in this manner without having any recom-
mendation from the President or from trie Sec-
retary of War, who is the head of the Depart-
ment. The Secretary of War should examine
the estimate so far as to give his sanction to it,
to say the least, before we are called upon to
act. Here we have a letter from an officer of
the War Department, a bureau officer merely,
inclosing this communication, which is founded
simply upon the statement of the live district
commanders that they want so much money,
as near as they can guess. That they may
want more I have no doubt, and that they
thinly they want this sum, possibly, I do not
question. You will notice the expression of
the Paymaster General is repeated, "possibly
this sum may be necessary." '
Mr. EDMUNDS. That depends upon the
length of'time the registration is kept open.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It may or may not be
necessary to appropriate so much. We have
got into very loose habits on the subject of
appropriations lately.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend from Massa-
chusetts has handed me the letter of General
Schriver, and as I am a very good reader of
bad writing I think when I read this to the
Senate it will Telieve the objection that this is
not by order of the Secretary of war. With
the leave of the Senate I will read it:
■ War Department, July 13,1867.
Sir: I send herewith a detailed estimate by the
Adjutant General and Paymaster General of the
appropriation required for the carrying out of the
reconstruction acts, agreeably to your verbal request
of this morning.
By order of the Secretary of War:
ED. SC1ERIVER, Inspector General.
Hon. Henry Wilson, United Statei Senate. '
I should infer, therefore, that Mr. Schriver
would not write this letter unless the Secretary
told him.
Mr. CONKLING. I have just been informed
by a member of the House, who has come
directly from that body, that the Secretary of
War, in response to their resolution, has sent
a communication to the House giving estimates,
which he supposes are identical with these,
but, at all events, giving estimates in detail on
this subject. That communication has been
referred to what is called there the Committee
of Reconstruction, which, under the resolution
of the House raising it, has the right to report
at any time. As that committee will no doubt
report back something, and as the usage is for
such bills to originate in the other House, I
suggest for the consideration of the Senator
from Massachusetts whether or not he will
govern his management of this bill accordingly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know but that
this is all right. I presume it to be so ; I
have no doubt that the officers think it is all
right; my objection is that when we appro-
piiate sums of money, and especially large
sums of money, wo should have at least a
recommendation in writing from the head
of the Department, signed by his own hand;
otherwise we act without any responsibility. It
seems my friend from Massachusetts took from
the Secretary of War a statement that so much
money was wanted by these officers, a verbal
statement, and he prepares a bill upon that.
We have no record here of a recommendation
by the Secretary of War. All we have is a letter
from General Schriver saying that he sends
this estimate here. That may be all very well;
but wo ought to have the data on which this
calculation is founded before making the appro-
priation. If to-day was tho last day, and wo
were about adjourning, and there was a pres-
sure upon us, I should be willing, perhaps,
with my belief that all is right, to waive tho
ordinary course of proceeding; but as the mat-
ter is before the other House, I suggest to my
friend from Massachusetts whether he had not
better let this bill lie over until Monday, so
that we may, at any rate, keep up tho form of
doing business regularly and in accordance
with precedent.
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection to the
bill going over. T will simply say that the
estimate was sent here to-day, by order of the
