1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
631
suppose we all want to spend just as little as
we possibly can. The Secretary said to me
the other day when I called on him for infor-
mation, as has been read, that he was havingthe
estimates made out and the requisitions ex-
amined carefully by the Paymaster General
and the Adjutant General, and he thought he
would be able to send in the estimate on last
Monday. It appears, however, it has just
come in to-day. Whether the statement sent
to the House is any more in detail than this
report of these two officers I do not know. ,1
shaH be glad to see just where every dollar
goes inthis matter, as 1 would in everythingelse.
I certainly think it is among the first and high-
est duties of Congress to be careful in appro-
priations. I agree with the Senator from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Cameron] on that point. ''
I now move that this measure lie on the
tablejor the present with a view of waiting for
the_ Bill from the House of Representatives,
which they will undoubtedly send to us in a
short time, aiid then we Shall have the benefit
of any statement of facts which may have been
made to them.
_Mr. D AVIS. I hope the honorable Senator
will withdraw his motion for a moment to
enable me to say a few words.
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection to-
accommodating the gentlemen, and I with-
draw the motion.
enrolled btll signed.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersoh, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House of Representa-
tives had signed the enrolled bill (H. R. No.
123) supplementary to an act entitled "An act
to provide for the more efficient government
of the rebel States," passed on the 2d day
of March, 1867, and the act supplementary
thereto, passed on the 23d day of March, 18G7 ;
and it was signed by the President pro tempore.
reconstruction expenses.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, the greatest
fictions of this day, in my judgment, are the
stories that have been retailed in Congress of
wrongs.and crimes committed in the southern
States "against negroes and Union men. So
far as my own State is concerned I know it to
be so ; notwithstanding every once in a while
an utterance escapes the Senators from Mas-
sachusetts that indicates that their purpose is
to reconstruct Kentucky. I will read what
was said by the honorable Senator who is at
the head of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions [Mr. Sumner] upon this subject on the
5th instant, as it is not long. In the course of
his remarks he said to the Senator from Mary-
land, [Mr. Johnson:]
" Communicate with your late colleague upon this
floor, that able and patriotic Senator, Mr. Creswell.
Listen to his testimony. There can be no doubt that
the Unionists, whether black or white, in Maryland,
require your protection. Give it to them. l)o not
leave them a prey to rebels. They are exposed in
the same way in Kentucky. Hero is a letter which I
havo from a distinguished citizen of thatState,dated
July 1. and I read these, out of many others, simply
because they are the latest; they have come within
a few hours. I read as follows:
"'I hope yon will be able to do good at the extra
session, and extend and protect the rights of the
freedmen, as they aresadlyinneedof it in Kentucky.
Reconstruct us. This is the only loyal hope.'"
Now for the comment of the Senator on this
false and most infamous communication:
" Such is the cry. Kentucky needs reconstruction,
and it is yourduty to provide it. Put iton an equality
with tho rebel States. Let her colored citizens enjoy
the full-blown rights of citizens, and let the white
Ihiiouists there havo the protection of their votes.
You sent muskets once. Send votes now."
Now, I say to both the Senators from Massa-
chusetts, that the whole black population of
Kentucky are better protected and more secure
in their rights than are the white people of
Massachusetts. My own county was one of the
largest slaveholding counties in that State, the
second in number. I know that county, and
I know its population, white and black, very
generally, "and I know that there is not a com-
munity in the United States where there is
more of order, of security, of protection to life
and person and property than in that county,
and I believe in the State of Kentucky gener-
ally. As in all communities, these rights in
ours are sometimes violated ; but very unfre-
quently. The wretch who from Kentucky could
send to the Senator from Massachusetts such
an invocation for the reconstruction of his State
upon the model of the southern StaUes, is a
base calumniator of the land that gave him
birth or protection, or both, and 1 dare the
Senator to give his name to the Senate. I care
not what his name is, I say here, and I will
say to him when I can know and confront him
that he is a vile calumniator of the noble State
which his residence dishonors.
Mr. President, there are a few unclean birds
in Kentucky, office-seekers, heretofore, and
now Treasury rats, that have not the ability,
character, and popularity to obtain office and
salary by popular suffrage, who hovered upon
the skirts of the Army during the war, and
wish that Army to be organized again that they
may still feed and fatten upon its offal; and
the writer of this missive 1 doubt not is one
of them, or of kin to them. Sir, how magis-
terially the Senator from Massachusetts speaks
of reconstruction, and reconstructing Ken-
tucky ! The loyalty of Kentucky to the Con-
stitution of the United_ States, ancWo the Union
under that Constitution, now and heretofore,
would shame that of Massachusetts; and in its
extent, its intensity, its purity, and its univer-
sality among the people, is incomparably greater
than that of this old and most malcontent,
insubordinate, seditious, and traitorous State
of Massachusetts.
Mr. President, Massachusetts was once a
great and noble State, and had a great and
noble people. She once had great principles
and great objects. No people of their num-
bers ever di'd more for constitutional govern-
ment and popular liberty than *the people of
Massachusetts did in the era of the Revolution.
But from the acquisition of Louisiana, Massa-
chusetts has beeg disloyal generally ; and we
have seen her people in flagrant rebellion
against the laws and authorities of the United
States. Treason not only hung upon the skirts
of that Commonwealth, but covered it all over
as with a cloak in the war of 1812. If the sen-
timents, principles, rules, and precedents
which her Senators have aided in putting upon
the people of the southern States, and which
with whetted appetites they are impatient to fix
upon Kentucky, had been let loose upon the
people of Massachusetts at tho close of the war
of 1812, in a spirit fierce and reckless as that
of her Senators toward the southern States and
Kentucky at this time, Massachusetts as a
State would have been obliterated from the
Union. But tho able and pure men of that
day knew that vile a sinner as she was, the law
and measure of her responsibility was the Con-
stitution of the United States j and although
covered all over with treason, dishonor, and
shame, still she was to exist as a State of the
United States, and with all her political power
unshorn so long as our system of government
continued.
But, Mr. President, the Senator from Massa-
chusetts himself has been complicated in the
crime of treason. After the Supreme Court
and all tho courts of America before which that
law came for adjudication, had pronounced it
to be constitutional and valid, he had the au-
dacity to declare, publicly and repeatedly, that
he ■would resist its execution. He has been
charged on the floor of the Senate with having
been in council with an armed organization in
Massachusetts, formed for no other purpose
than to resist the execution of that law ; and
with having counseled that organization, after
the law had been sustained by all the courts,
to rescue a slave who was in the custody of the
United States marshal, and that rescue was
made in conformity with that Senator's coun-
sel, and resulted in the rescue of the fugitive
and the murder of the marshal. The Senator
remained mute because the charges were true.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President 
Mr. DAVIS. I am alluding to the Senator
behind the Senator who has now addressed the
Chair. Mr. President, Massachusetts now is
in high feather. Why? She feels conscious
and proud that the Constitution of the United
States is prostrate at her feet; and tb%t
she is leading the whole Radical .host of
America to execute, her wild, oppressive, and
unconstitutional behests. The affairs of men
are very changeable. The time may come
when the tables may be turned upon Massa-
chusetts; and I tell you, reading and inter-
preting from her history, that whenever that
change does come, and the principles and
precedents which she has been so potent to
establish are brought against her, she will be
disloyal again, and sedition, insurrection, and-
treason will again mark her course.
The Senator from Massachusetts pretends to
be a statesman and sets> np to speak in this
Chamber, not only to the Senate, not only to
the people of the United States, but to the
legislators and statesmen and publicists of
Europe; and he gravely proposes that Con-
gress, that is that he, shall reconstruct Ken-
tucky. If the men who framed our Constitu-
tion could come into this Chamber and listen
to such wild and incoherent invocations to
demolish their great work as we so frequently
hear from that Senator, we might well fancy
their amazement to see it given over to such a
keeper. Sir, if reconstruction of Kentucky and
Massachusetts were possible, both the Senator
and his State would be incomparably a fitter
subject than Kentucky. The Senator talks not
only flippantly, but with the extravagance of
a monomaniac, as if he fancied himself the
autocratic law-giver of the whole land ; as
though he was a great Colossus in wisdom
and power, bestriding Government, Constitu-
tion, and country. lie is impatient, ardent
to reconstruct Kentucky, and suggests that
this session shall continue for that work. Sir,
I wish that before the sun sets the Senator
from Massachusetts and myself could meet
alone upon the soil of Kentucky, and ho
there to reconstruct it, and no interference,
we all alone. [Laughter.]
Mr. President, I have never had a principle
or a sentiment or a purpose or an affection of
my soul that was not in strict loyalty to the
Constitution of the United States and to the
Union under that Constitution. I intend to
cherish those principles and sentiments, and
the last regret of my life will be that the madness
of party ever imperiled the Union and this
Constitution and brought upon them ruin and
chaos, from which I fear they will never be
extricated.«
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I say noth-
ing about Massachusetts. Her history and
her character will speak for her. I shall say
something, however, of Kentucky. I have in
my hands a newspaper which I have received
this morning, which contains the account of a
celebration of the Fourth of July at Lexing-
ton. Is not, that a town in Kentucky ? I read
therefore, for what I say, only Kentucky au-
thority. -On that occasion one speaker, whom
many on this floor know as an excellent gen-
tleman—Judge Goodloe—said:
"Tie wanted the negroes to have the right to vote
and sit on juries, and he believed they soon would
be found in both placcs."
Then came another speaker, Willard Davis,
who makes an elaborate, able,, compact, forci-
ble address, and any Senator on this floor
might covet the ability to make such an address
as is made by Mr. Willard Davis, of Kentucky.
In the course of his address, Mr. Willard
Davis, of Kentucky, says to his audience:
" "What is your property and your lives worth with-
out the means of that complete protection derived
from the enforcement of all those legal remedies en-
joyed by your white neighbors? The present law of
Kentucky regarding testimony in your case is mere
mockery of justice."
Strong words for a Kentuckian—a mere
mockery of justice. Surely a State which has
such laws needs a little reconstruction. Then
the Kentucky orator proceeds to say :
"This is a monstrous wrong, and I believe the next
Legislature will remove it. I know that undue preju-
dice against your race lias :-hed its damning blight
like mildew over our whole political fubne; that it
