632
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13,
stands to-day in our midst like the poisonous Cob an
Upas, infusing decay and death into every nerve and
sinew of the body-politic; that it has affected alike
our unwary youth and mature and reflective age.
Tfrt I will not despair of our own people."
Such is the voice of a patriot Kentuckian.
He then proceeds, in another place, to say:
"The right to act for yourself, or to say who shall
act for you, is higher than all human law, and no
State oan deprive a freeman of this right and be
republican in fact."
Such is the voice of a Kentucky patriot
speaking on Kentucky soil.
"No government can be just and deprive any por-
tion of her citizens of this right. In this respect
suffrage is a natural right; the age at which yon
may exercise it is political, and may be altered or
amended, and 30 may a Stato fix qualifications, but
the great original right to vote at some time remains,
and cannot bo taken from freemen except by despotic
force." '
Such is the voice of a patriot Kentuckian
speaking in his own State. Then comes another
Kentuckian, a colored orator, the Rev. Gr. H.
Graham, from whose speech I will read but
one brief sentence:
"Sires, grant us justice." [Continued cheering.]
This was on Kentucky soil. Do.es not Ken-
tucky need reconstruction 1
That is not all. The most elaborate speech
of the occasion was made by a Major General
of the Army "of the United States, General
Brisbin, who vindicates the power of Congress
to confer suffrage in Kefitucky. He says :
"To go back a little, suffrage to you, black people
of Kentucky, is not so much a question of right as it
is 011c of how you shall get it." [Cries of hear, hear.]
That is in Kentucky.
"1 have always believed that Congress had full
power over the question of suffrage, not only in the
seceded States, hut in all the States of this Union.
[Cheers.J Icontend that Congress may enfranchise
your peoplein Kentucky any time it chooses to do so."
[Loud cheers.]
This was in Kentucky. The oratoT pro-
ceeds :
" Congress may do it—
"Mrst. Under that provision of the constitutional
amendment abolishing slavery, which requires and
empowers Congress to make all appropriate legisla-
tion to secure the objects intended by the abolition
of slavery, namely, the perfect liberty, equality, pro-
tection, and freedom of all the people.
"Second. Under that clause of tho Constitution
which requires Congress to guaranty to every State
in tho Union a republican form of government."
Mark, Mr. President, this is a Kentucky
orator, celebrating the Fourth of July in Ken-
tucky; and what does he say? I am not speak-
ing now; it is a Kentucky orator that is
speaking;
" Certainly it cannot be said with a'ny degree of
truth that a Stato which disfranchises nearly one
thud of its adult male population has a republican
form of government. Under the Constitution Con-
gress has power, and in good time I believe will
secure to the people, irrespective of color, all their
republican rights, among which is tho right of suf-
frage." [Loud cheers.]
Kentucky cheers when it was announced
that without the right of suffrage there was not
a republican government. The orator then
says :
"Third. As woiuakeno discrimination on account
of color in claiming the allegiance of our people, so
we must make no discrimination in according to
them protection. It is a principle of nations that
allegiance and protection go together, tile one being
the consideration of the other. As we claim alle-
giance from the blaeks.we arc bound to accord them
lull protection in all their rights as citizens, both
civil and political-" [Cheers.]
Kentucky cheers that sentiment. The orator
proceeds:
"Fourth. Congress may extend the suffrage under
the well established and just principle of our Gov-
ernment that taxation and representation go to-
gether." [Cheers.]
Kentucky cheers again.
" Fifth- Congress may do it as a measure of national
safety. The men who are engaged in or sympathized
with rebellion must sot be allowed to become the
governing class in any part of this country." [Con-
tinued cheering.]
Kentucky cheering.
" State lines make no difference in the offense of
treason. Geographical position cannot shield the
Pfoplo from tho liabilities of our rebellion. Tech-
nical loyalty in the face of absolute treason will not
avail. Punishment for rebellion in one State and
immunities and privileges to it in another is not i
fen T reason and principle, but unjust."
Kentucky cheers.
" There stand the men who were with me at Salt-
ville," [cheers,]
the orator proceeds—a brave general of our
Army—
"who, out of four hundred engaged in the battle,
left one hundred and seventeen of their number dead
and wounded on the rugged hillside. [Cries of oh. ]
Shall they be deprived of the ballot while the rebels
against whom they fought, whose hands are yet red
with the blood of the loyal, who murdered our poor
captive colored soldiers, are allowed to vote. [Cries-
of "No, no."]
Kentucky cries, those!
"Such inj ustice—forbid it Almighty God! The voices
of the dead who fell contending for the Union, the
maimed andbattle-scarred bodies of the living appeal
to us by every consideration of honor and duty to do
justice to these men and secure them all the rights
of citizenship. When this nation ceases to honor and
protect the soldiers who in the hour of great public
peril bared their breasts and shed their blood in de-
fense of the Union, then indeed will it bo undeserv-
ing of the favorof God or thesupportof man." [Cries
of " True, true."]
Kentucky cries! The orator proceeds:
"In addition to what I have already said, I might
adduce many other reasons why Congress should
extend you the franchise, but let these for the present
suffice."
" Why Congress should extend you the fran-
chise;" in other words, reconstruct Kentucky.
Then the orator proceeds:
"The power of Congress over this question clearly
exists; your patriotic services demand this reward
at the hands of a just Government, and I have no
doubt but that before theend ot the present year our
liberty-loving Congressmen will fearlessly do their
duty and give the ballot to every adult black man in
Kentucky." [Continuedcheering.]
Ay, sir, there is the true voice of Kentucky.
Let that voice answer the Senator.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, a word in
reply. The Senator reads from speeches pro-
nounced on a Fourth of July celebration at
Lexington, the chief interior town of the State
of Kentucky. There were present about ten
thousand negroes and all the allies of negro
equality that could be summoned up from the
adjacent counties. The Seifetor has ostenta-
tiously read from the speeches on that occa-
sion; but those speeches are like his in the
Senate, much sound and little else in them.
They prove one thing though, that a perfect
freedom of speech exists without interruption
in the State of Kentucky. Now, suppose that
such a meeting as that had taken place in
the South, and men advocating the right of
the southern people to self-government, and
opposed to the usurpations of Congress upon
that right, had got up such a meeting and
made similar speeches on their side to those
which the Senator has read—-speeches that
were made by negro and abolition orators in
Lexington, Kentucky—what would have been
the fate of such a meeting and the advocates
of the southern people who were there to
addressit? The Freedmenrs Bureau andall of
its bloodhounds, the five military satraps and
their myrmidons, would have been after them
in a crusade, hissed on by the howl of the
Senator from this Chamber. No, Mr. Presi-
dent, the people of the South are enslaved;
they are enslaved by the usurped power of the
Senator from Massachusetts in part, and he
knows it; they feel it; the nation knows it;
and the world looks upon it in abhorrence and
astonishment. Mr. President, let me read now
one or two—no, I will not read.
I was going to read an account of two or
three atrocities, revolting and sickening to the
human soul, perpetrated in the South by
negroes upon white families, whole white fam-
ilies, father, mother, daughters, and grand-
children. They are horrible to read ; they are
of daily occurrence; they come up to the
knowledge of the Senator from Massachusetts
by every mail, and he never utters a word
in condemnation or to memorialize any such
crimes on the part of the freedmen ; but
whenever any incident of outrage or injustice
upon a negro anywhere in the former slave
States is enacted, he bores the Senate with a
narration of it day after day. But, Mr. Presi-
dent, the facts which the Senator gives from
his anonymous correspondents are false so far
as they regard Kentucky. I t reiterate the
charge, that his correspondent who wrote him
an infamous missive, asking the reconstruction
of Kentucky according to the plan of the mil- t
itary acts of Congress, is a vile and cowardly
calumniator. He utters nothing bnt foul false-
hood and lie knows it, and that is the cause
why he skulks under the shelter of an anony-
mous letter.
Mr. SUMNER. Not an anonymous letter.
Mr. DAVIS, A letter whose writer is not
known is anonymous. Sir, when a man writes
me an anonymous letter I throw it in the fire
and say nothing about it. If he desires me to
conceal his name and his shame, his cowardice,
and calumny, I scorn him. The lowest of all
degradation is for a Senator to submit to become
the conduit of the vile falsehoods of those who
are so cowardly as to impose the condition to
conceal his name to escape the infamy that
would attach to it if it were known. : And
what is to be thought of a Senator who revels
in such a vocation ? . The Senator read some
bold declamation of Fourth of July orators in
relation to the constitution of Kentucky and its
civil polity and the great principles in the Con-
stitution of the United States. What do those
men know about tfie Constitution of the United
States and its proper operation ? Almost as
little as the Senator from Massachusetts
himself. Reconstructing Kentucky! If jus-
tice could overtake the Slates of this Union,
Massachusetts would' be reconstructed and
! brought to greater shame than even South
; Carolina. The honorable Senator was almost
in an ecstacy a few days ago when he fore-
told the advent of negro Senators into this
body. He was jubilant; and I thought, to in-
crease his beatitude, he would have proposed
to have resigned his seat that the Governor of
Massachusetts should send some negro hereto
fill it. Well, if anything in the world could
reconcile my people and myself to negro rep-
resentation it would be such an exchange.
[Laughter.]
Mr. President, I have no sympathy with the
rebels. Their action was as much in opposi-
tion t.o my principles and sentiments and they
did me as much wrong as any other man. I
have condemned their eourse, and I "still do
from the inmost recesses of my soul; but, sir,
my aversion to their crime shall never make
me a usurper, shall never make me disregard
my oath to support the Constitution of the
United States, shall .never pervert my reason
to the overthrow of that Constitution, as the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts acts
daily. This idea and this charge of" tyranny
and oppression upon the people of Kentucky
to the negro population, whether slave or free,
is without foundation, and the honorable Sen-
ator himself ought to know it. I have seen
him on an excursion into that State. He was
then, and his principles were then, as odious
to our people as tbey now are;, and when I
speak of a contest between myself and that
Senator I had no reference to discourteous
treatment to him. I believe he never received
it there.
He could come to Kentucky, and co>uld there
make, day after day, such speeches as he does
here, and not be molested. Why, sir, a mis-
erable, miscreant tool of radicalism, lower
than any that I know, who boasts to be a citi-
zen and a native of that State, Samuel McKee,
| does it daily. I heard him in the last canvass,
1 and there never was greater freedom—licen-
| tiousness in its extremest and most abljorrent
j features—indulged in by a candidate or by a
| man who was making a public canvass, and
I he was never molested. I was in the midst of
! the last election in Kentucky, and notwith-
I standing her Representatives, with one excep-
I tion, are excluded from the House, and
1 although I would have preferred different men
I myself, with another exception, and sought for
! tho nomination of different men, I say that a
I more peaceful, legal, and fair election never
] took place.
| Now, Mr. President, one word in relation to
' the treatment by the people of Kentucky of
