638
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13.
to be read by sections, as it is proposed to
amend it.
The SPEAKER. It will probably take some
length of time for the Clerk to read it.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I have no
objection to the reading, bat I thifik I can ex-
plain in a few words the essential amendments.
Mr. BOUT WELL. The committee of con-
ference recommend that the House recede from
its amendments to the fifth section, and there-
fore if the two Houses agree to the report of
the committee the fifth section will stand pre-
cisely as it came from the Senate.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker, most of the amendments made by
the House have been agreed to with some slight
amendments. One of these is, I think, quite
an improvement. Where the House bill ori-
ginally spoke of the authority of Congress over
this whole subject we have so modified it as
to speak of "the paramount authority of Con-
gress," which put the matter in a position
which I think decidedly preferable.
The principal provisions of our bill have
been retained, except two. One is the section
offered by the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wil-
son] in relation to penalties, which the mem-
bers of the committee representing the Senate
said that the Senate could not agree to on
account of some reasons which that body deems
sufficient. We did not think it worth while to
split upon that. The other provision is one
which I had more at heart—that district com-
manders should not be removed without the
consent of the Senate. Upon this question we
were about to split, having agreed upon every-
thing else. After the Senate had finally con-
sented to concede the "paramount authority
of Congress" over this subject, I could not
see the logic of their reasoning in contending
that we have no constitutional power to say
that these officers shall not be removed without"
the consent of the Senate. But I beg the
House to consider that the Senate is several
furlongs behind the House in the march of
reform—perhaps I ought to say of radicalism.
They are coming up sidelong; they have not
got square up. I have already illustrated this
in stating the fact that while they conceded in
one part of the bill the " paramount authority
of Congress," they still doubted whether the
Constitution did not control the subject in a
particular way.
This seems to me very strange; and I can
account for it only by supposing in traveling
South they see the ghost of the Constitution
"as it was," and forget that the part which
covered the dominion of the so-called confed-
erate States of America had been consumed in
the fierce conflict and wholly repudiated by a
belligerent acknowledged to be independent,
(as a belligerent,) and thus their action is
obstructed. This is natural enough. I do not
find any fault in regard to the matter. I am
only apologizing for the Senate and statingthe
reason why I thought it right for us to yield
rather than to press them under these peculiar
circumstances.
As I said before, I would decidedly have
preferred that the section in relation to penal-
ties should have been retained ; but the Sen-
ate considered it unnecessary on the ground
that existing laws provided for all that. I did
not feel disposed to quarrel with them upon
that point. Generally, as I have already re-
marked, the points in which this bill differs
from the original House bill appear to me
improvements. _ If any gentleman wishes to
ask me any question in reference to any particu-
lar point I shall be happy to answer him. If
not, I will yield to my colleague on the com-
mittee, the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Holman,] who desires to explain briefly his
reasons for signing this report, which is a
unanimous report of the committee.
Mr. WILSON", of Iowa. I wish to ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania what is the pro-
vision of the bill as to requiring the removal
irom office of disloyal persons and those who
obstruct the execution of the law on this sub-
ject in the southern States.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. That is
just as we sent it to the Senate. We took
care that it should be retained. I now yield to
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holman.]
Mr. HOLMAN". Mr. Speaker, I was opposed
to the original bill of the House, as well as to
the amendment of the Senate, and the various
amendments made by the House to the Senate
amendment, indeed to this entire measure ; but
taking in view alone the question of adjustment
of the matters iu difference between the two
Houses, and without concurring in most of the
propositions upon which the committee have
agreed, I have signed the report as the best
adjustment that could be made of the points
of difference between the two Houses, regard-
ing the conclusions reached as preferable to
the propositions adopted by either House. In
this view I have concurred in the report, and
not as giving my approval to this measure of
legislation.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I call for
the previous question. '
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded the yeas and
nays on the adoption of the report of the com-
mittee of conference.
The yeas and"nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 112, nays 22, not vot-
ing 3G; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Archer,
James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, JBeaman,
Benjamin, Benton, Bingham, Blair, Boutwell, Brom-
well. Broomall, Buckland, Butler, Churchii], Reader
"W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cor-
nell, Covode, Cullom, Dawes, Dixon, Donneily.Driggs,
Ela, Farnsworth, Perries, Ferry, Fields, Finney,
Gravely, Griswold, Halsey, Hamilton, Hayes, Hill,
Hopkins, Asakol w. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard,
Hunter, Ingersoll, Jenckes, judd, Julian, Kelley,
Kelsey, Keteham, Koontz, George V. Lawrence,
William Lawrence, Loan, Logan, Loughridpre, Lynch,
Marvin. McClurg, Mereur, Miller, Moore, Moorhead,
Myers, Ncwcomb, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Pe-
ters. Pike, Pile, Plants, Poland, Polsley, Price, Raum,
Robertson, Sawyer. Sehenek, Scofield, Selye,Shanks,
Smith, Spalding, Starkweather, Aaron F. Stevens.
Thaddeus Stevens, Taffe, Taylor, Thomas, Trow:
bridge, Twichell, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van
Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Ward, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, Henry D. Washburn, William B. Wash-
burn, Welker, Thomas Williams, William Williams,
James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and
Woodbridgo—11L\
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Barnes, Boyer, Burr, Chan-
ler, Ehlridge, Fox, Getz, Haight, Holman, Richard
D. Hubbard, Marshall, Mungen, Niblack, Noel],
Randall, Robinson, Ross. Taber. Van Auken, Van
Trump, and Wood—22.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley. Barnum,
Blame, Brooks, Cake, Dodge, Eckley, Eggleston,
Eliot, Garfield, Glossbrenner, Harding, Hooper,
Iiotchkiss, Hulburd, Humphrey, Kerr, Kitchen,
Lanm, Lincoln, Mallory, McCarthy, McCullough,
Morgan, Morrell, Morrissey, Nicholson, Phelps,
Pomeroy, Pruyn, Shellabargcr, Sitgreaves, Stewart,
Stone, Van Wyek, and John T. Wilson—36.
So the renort was adopted.
During the vote,
Mr. MORGAN stated that if he had not been
paired off he would have voted in the negative.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
Mr. BOUTWELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report of the committee of
conference was adopted; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
payment of additional bousty.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, I wish to make
a proposition which I think will challenge the
cordial approval of every member of the
House, whatever his political relations may
be. I find that the cause of the great delay in
the payment of" the additional bounty under
the act of 1S66 is that the muster-out rolls are
deposited in the office of the Second Auditor.
It becomes necessary, therefore, in every case
to make application to the Second Auditor for
information. I understand that there are
ninety thousand applications in that office now
unanswered, and that it is impossible to carry
on these cases any faster than ten thousand a
month. I offer a resolution, which I present
at the suggestion of one of the officers of the
pay department, drawn up substantially at
that department, and which, if adopted, will
relieve the soldiers of the difficulty and delay
in being paid their bounties. I ask that the
resolution be read, and if there be any objec-
tion I shall move to suspend the rules. It is
a joint resolution authorizing the Secretary of
the Treasury to cause certain muster-out rolls
to be photographed.
The joint„resolution was read. It provides
that, in order to facilitate the payment oi
bounty to soldiers of the United States under
the act of July 28, 1866, the Secretary of the
Treasury is authorized and directed to have
photographic copies of the muster-out rolls of
all organizations employed during the war of
the rebellion the members of which are entitled
to bounty; and that duplicate copies shall be
furnished to the Paymaster General, one to be
retained by him, and one to be used in the
Division of Referred Claims.
sIt also provides that the expenses attending
tlie photographing of said rolls shall be paid
out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated.
There was no objection, and the joint reso-
lution was received and read a first and second
time.
Mr. PILE. I wish to suggest to the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin that we ought to pro-
vide against the multiplication of copies of
these rolls, as I understand the negative from
which they will be printed is upon glass, and
there ought to be some provision made in
regard to* the security of that negative,
Mr. PAINE. I will accept any proper
amendment which" the gentleman will prepare.
I wish to add that as the law now stands, I
am informed it will he impossible to pay these
bounties within four years.
Mr. MYERS. I desire to ask the gentleman
whether the inability to copy these rolls fast
enough is the special cause of the delay in the
payment of the bounties. The country ought
to know what is the cause of the delay, and I
wish to know if, in his inquiry at the Depart-
ment, he has found that to be the main cause.
If so, it seems to me a very trivial one. The
resolution is to some extent a remedy of the
evil: but I do not see why the labor of copy-
ing papers of this kind should cause all the
delay complained of.
Mr. PAINE. I am informed and believe
that it is. The delay in examining these rolls
is the precise difficulty which stands in the way
of the speedy payment of the bounties, and this
resolution is intended to afford prompt relief.
Mx. BROMWELL. I wish to know why
this resolution is necessary. Is it because the
Department has no authority at all to do this,
or is it because it is easier and cheaper to pho-
tograph than to copy in the ordinary way? It
seems to me that they can put clerks to copy-
ing many different rolls at once: and if they
have not sufficient force, all they want is the
authority to- employ additional clerks. Cer-
tainly if there are so many rolls as are stated
there can be many more clerks employed ; and
I suppose a copy in manuscript is just as good
for all practical purposes as a copy by photo-
graph. I wish, to know whether they have
delayed the soldiers all this time because they
have had not sufficient force or no authority to
put the clerks at work copying the rolls.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire, with the
permission of my friend, to move to amend
the last section of the joint resolution by sub-
stituting therefor the following:
That the sumof .>"/),000, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, is hereby appropriated out of any
money m the Treasury not otherwise appropriated
to pay the expenses of the execution of this act.
I believe by a rule of this House it is neces-
sary to limit the appropriation.
Mr. PAINE. I accept the amendment, and
now demand the previous question.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope this resolution will
not be put on its passage until there is some
security provided against the multiplication of
these copies by photography. I understand
the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Pile] is
now preparing an amendment for that purpose.
In ths mean time I wish to make another sug-
