1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
641
CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT.
Mr. SCOFIELD. On the 5th of this month,
a week ago yesterday, a resolution was passed
.calling upon the President of the United States
to inform the House what States had adopted
the fourteenth article of the Constitution. I
wish to inquire of the Speaker if any response
has been received to that resolution.
The SPEAKER. No response lias been
received.
personal explanation.
Mr. MUNGEN. I rise to ask unanimous
consent to make a personal explanation.
Mr. UPSON. How long will the gentleman
require?
Mr. MUNGEN. Well, about a minute.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection ?
No objection was made.
Mr. MUNGEN. It is in reference to a
remark which fell this morning, I suppose
inadvertently, from the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Ingersoll] in speaking of the com-
mittee to inquire into the sufferings of Union
prisoners or of rebel prisoners. In speaking
of it he said that some of its members were
good Union men and the friends of Union
soldiers ; but he left me out in the cold, and
the implication might he that I am not a Union
man or a good friend of the Union soldiers.
I would simply ask the gentleman whether ho
meant that or not?
Mr. INGBRSOLL. Before I_proceed to
answer that question I would inquire if any of
my colleagues would like to have the floor.
[Laughter. ] If the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Mungeit] construed my remark as irnpjfcating
him among the enemies of the Union or of
Union soldiers I am glad that he has called my
attention to it.
I intended no such thing. I know nothing
whatever of the past political career of the
gentleman from Ohio. I simply know that he
is associated on this floor with the Democratic
party. I understand, however, that he was an
officer of a Union regiment, fighting on out-
side during the war ; and I am only surprised
that he is not on our side since the war. I
certainly think the gentleman has misunder-
stood the purport of my remarks. I intended
no reflection upon him whatever. I do not
remember making any discrimination with
regard to the various gentlemen on the com-
mittee. If I did, I intended to discriminate
only in a political sense, meaning that a ma-
jority of them belong to the party to which I
belong, the members of which I designate as
"our friends," while the minority, as I sup-
posed, belong to the Democratic party, the
members of which I designate as "our political
enemies." I meant nothing more. I did not
mean that they were the enemies of the Union
or of Union soldiers. I hope this explanation
is satisfactory to the gentleman.
Mr. MUNGEN. The gentleman's explana-
tion is perfectly satisfactory to me.
order of business.
Mr. WARD. I call for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER proceeded, as the regular
order of business, to call the committees for
reports.
No reports were presented.
The SPEAKER proceeded, as the next
business in order, to call the States for reso-
lutions.
forms of proceedings in bankruptcy,
Mr. MILLER. I offer the following resolu-
tion, upon which I ask consent to make an
explanation:
Resolved, That Hie Committee on Printing be, and is
hereby requested to cause to bo printed, for the use
of the members of this House, ten thousand copies of
the forms of proceeding in bankruptcy, as promul-
gated by the Supremo Court of the united fetates.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Miller]
making an explanation in reference to this
resolution? By the rule, a resolution presented
under this order must, if it gives rise to debate,
go over.
There was no objection.
40tii Court. 1st Sess.—No. 41.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to ask'the gentle-
man 'whether he has amended this resolution
in the manner I suggested yesterday?
Mr. MILLER. ^Sro, sir; and I think that
when the gentleman shall have heard my ex-
planation he will see that he was under a mis-
apprehension in making that suggestion.
Mr. Speaker, I desire in the first place that
the Clerk shall read the tenth section of the
bankruptcy act of March 2, 1867.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the jus-
tices of the Supreme Court of tho United States sub-
ject to the provisions of this act shall frame general
orders for the following purposes:
For regulating the practice and procedure of tho
district courts in bankruptcy, and the several forms
of petitions, orders, and other proceedings to be used
in said courts in all matters under this act;
For regulating the duties of the various officers of
said courts;
For regulating tho fees payable, and the chargcs
and costs to bo allowed, except such as arc estab-
lished by this act o-r by law, with rcspect to all pro-
ceedings in bankruptcy before said courts, not ex-
ceeding the rato of ices now allowed by law for sim-
ilar services in other proceedings;
For regulating the practice and procedure upon
appeals;
For regulating the filing, custody, and inspection
of records; . .
And generally for carrying the provisions of this
act iuto cffect.
After such general orders shall have been so framed,
they, or any of them, may be rescinded or varied,
and other general orders may be framed in manner
aforesaid, find all such general orders so framed shall,
from time to time, be reported to Congress, with such
suggestions as said justices may think proper.
Mr. ROSS. I raise the point of order that
this resolution must go, under the law, to the
Committee on Printing.
The SPEAKER. Tho gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Ross] is correct. But the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Mii.i,ei:J has
unanimous consent to make an 'explanation.
When he shall have concluded, the resolution
will bo referred.
Mr. ROSS. I have no objection to hearing
the explanation.
Mr. MILLER. Under the bankruptcy act
the justices of the Supreme Court were author-
ized to frame rules and regulations for tho gov-
ernment of proceedings in bankruptcy. They
have done so. The Senate has ordered tho
printing of two thousand copies of these rules
and regulations. The type has already been
set; so that if the House should order copies
of the document there would be no expense
but that of tho paper.
Mr. DAWES. 1 would like to inquire whether
there is anything in the law providing that
Congress shall print these blanks lor the con-
venience of lawyers?
The resolution was referred to the Committee
on Printing.
Mr. MILLER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was referred; and also
moved that the the motion to reconsider bo
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
robert a. patuiish.
On motion of Mr. O'NEILL, leave was
granted for the withdrawal from the files of the
House of the papfcrs in the case of Robert A.
Parrisli.  
navy active list.
Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tho Secretary of tho Navy be di-
rected to report to this House whether any oflieer 01
the Navy has been retained on the active list after
having been fifty-five years or longer m the service,
and after he should have been retired by law; and if
so, by whose order and authority.
government employes in washington.
Mr. NOELL. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution:
lleiolved, That the heads of tho Departments of
War Navy, State, Interior, Treasury, and Post Office
are requested to inform the House of the names of
the clerks in their respective Departments, their sal-
ary and the term of service of each, and the district,
State, or Territory from which appointed.
Mr. CULLOM. I object.
Mr. NOELL. The gentleman comes from
the West, and he ought not to object to its
being shown that these appointees come mostly
from the East.
Objection being made, the resolution was
accordingly laid over.
post road.
Mr. HOLBROOK, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to establish a certain post
road, which was read a first and second time,
and ordered to be referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads when ap-'
pointed.
PETITION FROM ARKANSAS—AGAIN.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I move to re-
consider the vote by which the House received '
and referred a petition from the Legislature of
Arkansas in regard to levees, and demand the
previous question.
Mr. HOLM AN moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
Mr. BURR. The gentleman who presented
tho petition is not now in his seat, and I sug-
gest that the matter had better be deferred for
the present.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I do not wish
to do anything that may be regarded as dis-
courteous, and will consent that the subject
shall be postponed until Monday next, after
the reading of the Journal.
There was no objection, and it was so
ordered.
UNROLLED BILL.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that
thev had examined and fouud truly enrolled
a bill of the following title:
An act (II. R. No. 123) supplementary to
an act entitled "An act to provide for the
more efficient government of the rebel States,"
passed on the 2d day of March, 18G7, and tho
act supplementary thereto, passed on tho 23d
day of March, 1S67; when the Speaker signed
the same.
reconstruction appropriation.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask unanimous consent
to move to discharge the select Committee on
Reconstruction from the further consideration
of a joint resolution to carry into effect the
several acts providing for tho more efficient
government of the rebel States. The joint
resolution declares that for the purpose of
carrying into effect the above-named acts there
shall be appropriated out of the Treasury,
not otherwise appropriated, $1,675,000.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to suspend the
rules.
The motion was agreed to.
The joint resolution was read a first and
second time.
Mr. BINGHAM. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. Will the gentleman yield
a minute ?
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, sir.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to state that I
think the money is being squandered. I will
ask the Clerk to read a brief paragraph from
a Republican paper, published yesterday, in
regard to General Sickles, showing the pomp
and ceremony with which lie performs his
duty. He is a great deal more of a harlequin,
I reckon, than our friend in Louisiana.
The Clerk read as follows:
"General Sickles, commandcr of the Carolinas,
lives in great state in Charleston. He appears on
the streets on pleasant afternoons in a carnage, driv-
ing four splendid black horses, with splendid silver
mountings, generally with his daughter beside him,
and a servant in livery behind. Of course this splen-
did establishment attracts the unbounded enthusiasm
of the negro population."
Several Members. Who is the editor?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. That is by Thurlow
Weed, a Republican.
Mr. BINGHAM. One word as to that arti-
cle. It seems to me fit that a man who has lost
his limb in maintaining on the field of battle
the supremacy of the Constitution and the
