1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
643
I am very clearly of opinion, however, that
there is a lack of authority to control that sub-
ject in any State; but I think he is simply in
advance logically of the other gentlemen of
his party when he demands the same legisla-
tion for one State that they demand in another.
If it is right to regulate suffrage in one State,
it is right iu another; but my purpose is by
this motion to test the question whether it is
the pleasure of the Senate to stand by the rule.
There is no legislative business requiring us to
stay in session ; there is some executive busi-
ness that perhaps might be attended to to-day
therefore I make the motion at the suggestion
of the Senator from Minnesota, [Mr. Ramsey.]
Mr. HARLAN. I shall vote for the Sena-
tor's motion for an executive session, but not
on the grounds that he presents. I may feel
it to be my duty to vote to rescind the rule to
which he refers, but as there is some execu-
tive business requiring an executive session
during the day, I have no objection to his
motion and shall vote for it.-
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After half an hour spent therein,
the doors were reopened.
EXPLANATION.
Mr. ROSS. Owing to indisposition I was
not able to be in my scat on Saturday, and
was, therefore, unable to vote on the recon-
struction bill which was finally passed on that
day. [ desire to state that if I had been here
I should have voted for the bill which was
then finally disposed of by the adoption of
the report of the committee of conference.
PHOTOGRAPHS OF MUSTEIl ROLLS.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiiersojt, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a joint resolution
(II. R. No. 72) authorizing the Secretary of
the Treasury to $ause certain muster-out rolls
to be photographed.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the bill
which has just come from the other House be
taken up for the purpose of reference.
Mr. WILSON. 1 hope it will not be re-
ferred.
House joint resolution No. 72 was read the
first time by its title.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Massachusetts object to the sec-
ond reading ?
Mr. ANTHONY. I will make a statement
in regard to it.
Mi. WILSON. It is the greatest imposition
ever put on any member of Congress to sup-
pose that the thing proposed is within the
range of possibility. It cannot be done.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the resolution be
read at length for information.
The ioint resolution was read. To facilitate
the payment of the additional bounty allowed
to soldiers of the United States under the act
of Congress approved July 28, 1866, it pro-
poses to authorize and direct the Secretary of
the Treasury to have photographic copies
made of the muster-out rolls of all organiza-
tions which were employed during the war of
rebellion, the members of which are entitled
to bounty under that act, of which rolls dupli-
cate copies are to be furnished to the Pay-
master General, one to be retained by him,
and one furnished for use in the division of
referred claims. The .negative plates from
which these copies are taken are to be at once
destroyed. Fifty thousand dollarsis proposed
to be appropriated to carry the resolution into
effect.
Mr. ANTHONY. I beg pardon of the Sen-
ate ; it is not the bill I thought it was. I know
nothing about this bill. -
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Massachusetts object to the sec-
ond reading of the bill'.' . ,
Mr. WILSON. I do; and m doing so I wish
simply to say that while the object of this bill
is a good one it is utterly impossible to photo-
graph these rolls. They are patched up, and
with pieces pasted on them in such a way that
it cannot be done. If they were whole and
perfect the photographic copies would have to
be read with a powerful glass. _ If they were
perfect rolls, without any interlineation or any
pieces put on them, it would not hasten the
thing at all. The truth is that nothing can be
done in this matter, and therefore I do not
propose to take up the bill at this time; but I
hope we shall pass a resolution calling on the
Secretary of War and the Secretary of the
Treasury to see if some plan can be devised to
hasten the completion of this work.. When we
passed the bounty bill, it was not supposed the
work could be completed under three or four
years.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator objects to the second reading of the bill,
and it goes over accordingly.
RECONSTRUCTION EXPENSES.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (II. li. No. 71) to
carry into effect the several acts providing for
the more efficient government of the rebel
States. To carry into effect those acts it pro-
poses to appropriate $1,075,000.
Mr. WILSON. When I introduced the bill
making this appropriation information was
called for in regard to it. The House of ReP'
resentatives had the same information we had,
with the difference that the paper of the Adju-
tant General and the Paymaster General was
sent to the House directly by the Secretary of
War as evidence on which to found action, and
the paper was sent here by the order of the
Secretary of War, signed by General Schriver.
I have been to the pay department this morn-
ing, and I have had placed in my hands the
reports of the commanders of the several de-
partments. They wore asked to make esti-
mates of the cost of carrying out the law in
their several departments, and they have gone
into a detailed statement, staling for what they
want the money, how many boards of registra-
tion they have, the number of persons on the
boards, the amount of time consumed, the
number of clerks, the amount required for
printing, the mileage or traveling expenses,
and all matters of that kind pertaining to the
work. We have in the bill we passed the other
day lengthened out the time a month, which
will add to the expense, and there has
been an estimate made of that. But I will
say that no money will be drawn, no matter
what we appropriate, by these officers, except
on the presentation of the items in each indi-
vidual case. If we appropriate the amount in
the resolution and it is not called for, it will
remain in the Treasury. I have here the re-
port of each of the five generals, in which they
go into details iu each of their departments as
to the necessary cost. I think some of them are
very low and some of them seem to me to be
pretty large estimates of what will be necessary
for this work; but we ourselves have added
perhaps from one fourth to one third of the
expense by authorizing^ the commanders to
extend the time for making the registration a
month, going from the 1st of September to the
1st of October.
Mr. POMEROY. The thing.I did not un-
derstand was that some of these commanders
asked for not more than thirty or forty thousand
dollars in addition to what they had had, while
others asked for $300,000. I could not under-
stand why there was such a difference between
the expenses of one district and another. Has
the Senator anything to account for this differ-
ence ? It is not because the districts are so mucn
larger, but I see that in one or two districts the
addition asked for is some three hundred thou-
sand dollars, while in districts equally as large
not more than forty or fifty thousand dollars is
asked for. I cannot for myself understand why
one district is so much more expensive than
another. If the- Senator has any information
on that subject, I should like to hear it.
Mr. WILSON. The first district, General
Schofield's -district, includes the State of Vir-
ginia. He made his appointments ycry early,
I think before any other officer, and he detailed
a larger number of Army officers on boards
that receive their pay from the Army direct.
Therefore the expenses in his district have been
very much less than some others in that respect.
Besides, in Virginia there is a smaller number
of persons to be registered than in other dis-
tricts. Then take the next district, General
Sickles's. In South Carolina they have one hun-
dred and twenty-five boards, and the cost of
those boards is estimated for a certain number
of days, the amount set down, and the cost of
travel or mileage, at $160,000. The officers
have not yet been appointed. The work is to
be done. In North Carolina there are one
hundred and fifty boards, and the cost is esti-
mated at $192,000. The number of days' work
and the cost of traveling are all set down. Then
there is an estimate of the cost of printing and
books and papers and other matters of that
kind. His estimates are larger than those of
any other officer.
Mr. POMEROY. What is the amount?
Mr. WILSON. The balance of appropria-
tion asked for is $461,805 for his district.
General Sheridan's district includes Louisiana
and Texas. Texas is a very large country,
and the expenses there will necessarily be very
great. There will be a large number of offi-
cers there. General Ord's and General Pope's
demands are less; General Pope's remarkably
so, it seems to me, for the extent of his dis-
trict, including Alabama, Georgia, and Florida
Mr. POMEROY. I notice that when the
Department divided the money we appropriated
originally, ยง500,000, they divided it equally
among these several commanders, as if the De-
partmenttlioughttheir expenses would be about
alike; and yet when they come to make their
estimates, we find a deficiency in one of over
four hundred thousand dollars, while the defi-
ciency in another is less than thirty thousand
dollars. That is the point I cannot understand.
Mr. WILSON. The deficiency in General
Ord's district is $245,539. It covers Arkansas
and Mississippi. He has three hundred and
forty-eight registrars employed for Mississippi,
and one hnndredand sixty-eight for Arkansas,
and one hundred and sixteen clerks. General
Pope's whole expenses, including what ho has
already received and what he estimates for, are
$125,000, which, considering the extent of ter-
ritory of his district, is certainly very small it .
seems to me. The expense in General Scho-
field's district is less than in some of the others,
principally from the fact that he has employed
so many Army officers. Ho detailed them early,
and acted in that matter before any other com-
mander. By detailing so many from the Army
he has saved a very large amount of expense
to the Government. lie asks for $80,000.
If Senators think the suin of ยง1,075,000, as
contained in the bill passed by the House of
Representatives, is too large, they can reduce
it. I do not believe all that money is wanted
for that purpose ; but I leave the matter in the
hands of the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. I called the attention of
the Senate on Saturday to the proposition on
the table. It struck me with very great sur-
prise that an appropriation of ยง1.(500,000
should be asked for without any detailed state-
ment, and more especially that the statement
which was sent in, short as it was, had not
been apparently sanctioned by the Secretary
of War. I do not understand now, although
the Secretary of War has signed the letter
which transmits that statement to the House
of Representatives, that he has recommended
that appropriation. But upon looking at the
statement in- its details, such as they were, I
was forcibly struck with what seemed to ine to
be a singular discrepancy between the action
of these several commanders, a great differ-
ence between the amqjjnts which they respect-
ively require.
General Pope, who commands one ot the
districts, consisting, I think, of Florida, Ala-
bama, and Georgia, has had some ninety-seven
thousand dollars, and only requires $27,000
more. General Sickles, who received $(19,000
