644
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
under the former appropriation, and whose dis-
trict is composed, I believe, of South Carolina
and North Carolina alone, wants $461,000,
making, if we give it to him, the expenses in
his district .upward of five hundred thousand
dollars. General Sheridan, who commands
the district consisting of Louisiana and Texas,
has received $166,000, and wanted for one
month, which at the time he made his state-
ment he supposed might be the extent of time
for registration, some two hundred and forty-
five thousand dollars more; and then he goes
on to estimate for the amount that would be
required if an additional month should become
necessary, and still auother additional month,
making the amount which he would require up-
ward of six hundred thousand dollars. With-
out going over all the districts in detail, I will
present a statement which I have made up from
the paper read the other day of the amount
required by each district commander and what
he lias already received, showing of course the
total amount which he will have received if the
request be granted.
Schoficld.
First district has received.....  £69,444 44
Estimates to complete  80,000 00
149,44-1 44
Sicilies.
Second district has received... 69,444 45
Estimates to complete  481,805 00
  531,249 45
Pope.
Third district has received  97,222 22
Estimate to complete ' 27,778 00
  125,000 22
Ord.
Fourth district has received  97,222 22
Additional estimate up to J uly,
1867   245,539 00
If continued to July 31, addi-
tional  159,781 00
If continued to August 31, addi-
tional     159,781 00
  662,323 22
Sheridan.
Fifth district has received  166,666 67
Additional estimate for one
month from April 17  76,753 00
If continued twomonths more.. 218,420 00
If continued one month more.. 218,420 00
  680,259 67
Whole amount  2,148,277 00
Already received  500,000 00
SI,048,277 00
Mr. BUCKALEW. I wish that the esti-
mates which the Senator from Massachusetts
has in his possession were in some way made
accessible to the public, in order that there
maybe a just attention directed to the expend:
itures which shall hereafter be incurred by these
officers. They are not before us in any official
form and subject to motion; but it would be,
1 submit, a very proper thing that the Senator
from Massachusetts should in some way insert
them in the Congressional Globe.
There are two modes by which these esti-
mates may be enormously reduced. First, by
the employment in other districts of the same
mode which has been adopted by General Scho-
field ; that is, so far as officers and privates of
capacity are within the command of the gen-
eral, that they shall be employed in this duly.
By that means a very large and very consider-
able reduction could no doubt be secured in
the other districts, except, possibly, that of
General Pope. Then there is another mode
by which these generals no doubt might reduce
estimates possibly one third or one half, accord-
ing to the statements as I get them; and that
is by not requiring that the boards of registra-
tion should sit in continuous session. If the
time is extended to the 1st of October, those
boards might take a recess of a month or two,
giving notice when they would reassemble
again. By this means full opportunity would
be afforded to all citizens to be registered with-
out our incurring the expense of keeping up
these boards the whole time until the period
when the proceeding of registration is to close.
I submit, in view of these two considerations
which I have mentioned showing how these
expenditures may be reduced below the amount
estimated, and in view of the fact that upon
the very face of these estimates some of them
must be greatly beyond any requirement of the
public service, that we ought to reduce this
appropriation very largely. I will therefore
submit a motion that the appropriation be re-
duced to the sum of $1,000,000.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania.
Mr. WILSON. I do not know whether that
will be enough or not. It seems to me the
amount in the resolution is too large, and I
had proposed to put it at a million and a
quarter; but we shall be here again in a few
months, and I do not think there will be any
trouble about it. Therefore I shall not oppose
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Pennsylvania.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move to add to the reso-
tion the words "to be expended under the
direction of the Secretary of War," so as to be
sure that it shall go through the War Depart-
ment.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator probably
ought to inquire into the effect of that amend-
ment. That might withdraw the expenditure
of money from the supervision of the account-
ing officers of the Treasury Department. I
have not the slightest objection to'the Secre-
tary of War directing the expenditure of the
money; but the law should be so framed that
the expenditures themselves should pass under
the review of the accounting officers of the
Treasury Department. In some cases, during
the war especially, this language in an act
directing money to be expended under the order
of particular officers has been held to dispense
with the otherwise legal examination by the
accounting officers. That ought to be avoided
in all cases. The Secretary of War, as a mat-
ter of course, has not the opportunity, the time,
or the means to examine the details of this
expenditure. It is proper enough that he
should direct the expenditure; but the details
of the expenditure, the accounts, &c., should
pass under proper supervision.
Mr. WILSON. At the suggestion of the
Senator from Ohio, I withdraw this amend-
ment. It was pressed upon me by Senators
about me who thought it would be a check.
With the explanation made by the Senator
certainly I have no objection to passing the
resolution without these words. Whether they
be inserted or not, these are Army officers act-
ing under the- control of the War Department,
and they will make their estimates and send
their bill to the War Department and the War
Department will make requisitions on the
Treasury Department to pay the expenses.
Mi-. SHERMA N. The difference would be
that if these words were inserted the order
of the Secretary of War would be final as to
amounts in the adjustment of the accounts,
because the law expressly said the money
should be expended under his direction.
Mr. WILSON. I withdraw the amendment.
The resolution was reported to the Senate
as amended, and the amendment was con-
curred in.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed
and the resolution to be read the third time.
The joint resolution was read the third time.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. I ask
for the yeas and nays on the passage of this
resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 29, nays 3 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Cattell, Cole,
Colliding, Cragm, Edmunds, Fcssenden,Frelinghuy-
sen, Harlan, Henderson, Howard, Johnson, Morgan,
Morrill of Maine, Nye, Pomoroy, Ramsey, Boss,
Spraguo, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Van
Winkle, Wade, Willey, Wilson, and Yates—29.
JNAVb—Messrs. l>avis, Hendricks, and Patterson
01 iennessee—3.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Buekalew, Chandler,
Conness, Corhett, Dixon, Docdittle, brake, Ferry,
iowler, Grimes, Guthrie, Howe, Moriillof Vermont,
Morton, Norton, Patterson of New Hampshire.
Saulsbury, Stewart, Trumbull, and Williams—21.
So the joint resolution was passed.
relief of deserters.
Mr. POMEIIOY. I gave notice on Saturday
that I desired to call up for consideration the
House bill No. 108 ; it is a bill relating to some
soldiers who were reported as deserters; it has
already passed the House and come here. I
ask for its present consideration, and I move
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of that bill.
Mr. WILSON. If that bill is to be taken up
in the form it is now, I think we ought not to act
upon it. Here is a proposition to remove the
penalties of desertion from men who loft their'
regiments and went home. Of course it car-
ries with it bounty, back pay, and pension.
There is not a man who fought the battles of
the country who will not feel outraged if such
a system as that is adopted. I am willing to
aid in getting up a plan to remove disabilities;
but I think we ought not to put upon the
Treasury this expense, and say to the world
that men who deserted their regiments and
went home are to stand on the same footing
with men who stayed in their regiments and
fought the battles of the country to the end.
Mr. POMEROY. When the bill comes up,
the Senator from Massachusetts will be at lib-
erty to move any amendment, and perhaps I
shall not resist any amendment of the kind he
suggests. The hardship that results to certain
soldiers whose cases have come to my atten-
tion is this: soldiers who were enlisted, many
of them for the war, after thg surrender of
Lee and Johnston were returned to their sev-
eral States with a view of being mustered out,
and some of them, supposing that they had
served their full term, the term for which they
had enlisted, as their muster-out was delayed
in some cases several days, and sometimes
weeks,-went home and they were returned on
the rolls as deserters. This bill is simply to
relieve them from the penalties of desertion in
such cases. If it is not sufficiently restricted
it ought to be, so as to relieve only that class
of soldiers who served through the entire war,
and, as they thought, to the full end of their
enlistment and left their regiments because the
mustering officer did not appear on the day
they expected and they were detained in camp
near their homes, some of them in sight of
their homes, waiting for some mustering offi-
cer, and while that delay was in progress went
home. If the bill is not sufficiently restricted
I am willing to restrict it; but certainly we
ought to relieve that class of soldiers, and it is
for that purpose that I call for the present
consideration of the bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. What was the decision
of the Chair upon the question of order that
was made? When a motion was interposed
by the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Siwi-
kee] I presented to the Chair the question of
order, whether the resolution of the Senate
having been adopted as a rule for this session,
and the time for its x-econsideration having
passed, it is now in order to suspend or control
it. I submitted to the Chair that the resolution
having been adopted by the body as a rule for
the session cannot be suspended. It perhaps
may be repealed, I do not know how that. is.
The point as presented is that the resolution
cannot be suspended for a particular purpose.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Notice was
given on Saturday of a motion to suspend the
rule for the purpose of taking up this bill.
Mr. POMEROY. When I called for the
consideration ot the bill I remarked that agree-
ably to the notice which I gave on Saturday I
made the motion.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion involves simply the suspension of the rule
for the taking up of this bill. If that prevails
the next question will be on taking it up.
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection to tak-
ing up the bill; but 1 should like to refer it to
the Committee on Military Affairs. If referred
I believe we shall take it into consideration
and report it back in a short time. I cannot
consent to the bill in the form in which it is or
to anything that is going to put a burden oil
the Treasury.
