1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
645
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection to the
reference; but I want the bill taken up first.
_ Mr. CONKLING. 1 should like to hear the
bill read for information before 1 vote even on
the question of taking it up. I have no objec-
tion to taking up a bill which shall be certainly
confined to the object which I understand is
had in view. I am told there are in all some
ninety-three thousand deserters standing as
such upon the rolls. Now, a bill which even
runs the risk, however slight that risk may be,
of embracing all those men and restoring them
as to pay, as to rights, and as to standing of
all sorts to an equality with the men who bore
the heat and burden of the war and never did
desert, is so objectionable that it is unneces-
sary to argue it. I should like to know for one
what is the precise provision of the bill; and
before voting even to take it up, I should want
to be assured that it was very carefully guarded.
I understand that there is already a decision
of the officers of the Government as to the
rights of deserters under certain proclamations
that have been issued; and I conceive that if
there is any subject as to which this body ought
to be careful, it is a subject which may run in
any possible aspect or in any event into unty-
ing and loosening any of the disabilities or
deprivations of pay which may now be imposed
upon deserters at large. If, as I say, the bill
is confined to what I understand prompted it
in this case, [ for one have no objection. .
Mr. WILSON. I understand the object of
the bill is t(? relieve soldiers who at the
close of the war, after the cessation of active
hostilities, after the surrender of the rebel
armies, left the service and went home*. At
that time, I am aware of the fact that there
was great dissatisfaction in the Army on
account of our soldiers having been kept for
months. Some of the regiments were sent
into the Indian country; others were sent into
Texas; some of them were kept many months
in the service ; and I incline to think some of
ihem are in the service even now.
Mr. CONKLING. Allow me to say to the
Senator from Massachusetts that as to the
men to whom he now refers, I have every dis-
position to relieve them, and to vote to relieve
all other men who were only technically or
accidentally deserters. I only speak of the
danger, by unguarded legislation, of opening
the door to the whole ninety-three thousand
men, or whatever the number may be, who are
recorded as deserters.
Mr. WILSON. So I understand. Now, in
regard to this class of men, I agree with the
Senator from New York; I feel kindly toward
them. I know that they felt, many of them,
that the Government exacted more than they
had agreed to. But I think every soldier in
this country will feel outraged if we remove
the stigma and the penalties of desertion from
those men, who from the opening of the war
until the defeat of Lee and the capture of
Richmond, deserted our armies and went
homo, and place them on the same footing
with the men who fought bravely through the
war. I would be willing to pardon them, to
take off"disabilities; but to vote them back
pay, pensions, and bounties, would be an out-
rage upon the soldiers who fought the battles
of the country and remained true.
Mr. CONKLING. And on the tax-payers.
Mr. WILSON, ff we were to do such a
thing as that, the bounty-jumpers would seize
the occasion to come forward and make claims
on the Government. Indeed, sir, I am told
that there is a class of claim agents who have
examined everything of record here, who have
sent into the States and got the names of vast
numbers who deserted, who are writing letters
to them promising to get their disabilities re-
moved if the deserters will agree to pay to the
claim agents the back pay and the bounties
which they would receive in that event. I
think we cannot be too guarded and too
careful in legislating on this whole subject. I
am willing to take up this bill, but I think it
should be referred either to the Military Com-
mittee or the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection to
the reference of this bill to the Military Com-
mittee. I wish, however, to say to the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts that there is no prop-
osition here to pay men who deserted before
the surrender. He has a virtuous indignation,
which is shared in, of course, by everybody,
toward men who deserted before the surrender.
There is nothing here that is in sympathy with
claim agents. The point of the bill and what
we desire is to relieve cases of peculiar hard-
ship, to which even the Senator from New
York is not opposed. I only want the bill
taken up and considered by the committee and
reported on at the earliest possible moment,
with as many safeguards as they choose to put
about the measure, so that it accomplishes the
object I have in view; that is to relieve those
who ought to be relieved; relieve those who
served through the war, and are only techni-
cally deserters. That is all we propose to do
in this bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not know anything
about the contents of the bill until my atten-
tion was called to it by a colleague of mine in
the other House. 1 have since read the bill,
and I find that it is confined to two specific
classes of deserters, so-called. First, those who
after the war was over, believing that their en-
listment had expired by law, went home before
they were formally discharged. I have always
believed that the enlistment by law expired on
the surrender of the rebel forces, and that any
other construction was a harsh one against the
soldier, which the Government ought not to
exact. Many of these soldiers, believing that
they had served their country during the full
;term of their enlistment, went to their homes,
and they were entered on the rolls as deserters.
The bill also applies to another class of per-
sons-who were entered as deserter on the rolls,
but actually afterward returned to their duty
in the service under the proclamation of the
President, and should thus be relieved from
disability.
This matter is of peculiar interest to the peo-
ple of Ohio from another consideration. The
Legislature at its last session proposed a con-
stitutional amendment, one oi the provisions
of which disfranchises from the right to vote or
hold office all deserters. The result is that men
who served faithfully during the war, upon
whom there is no moral turpitude, who believed
that they were acting in pursuance of tlieir en-
listment, many of them veteran soldiers who
had served four years, will be disfranchised and
disabled from holding office. As these men are
not really deserters except technically, as they
do not come within the meaning of the word
"desertion," as their act involved no moral
turpitude, they ought to be relieved from this
disability. I perceive that the bill is carefully
guarded. It does not give them any extra pay
or any bounty, but simply gives them pay up
to the time they actually left the service.
I have no objection as a matter of course to
the proposed reference of the bill, but I hope
the Committee on Military Affairs will report
upon it so that it, can be acted upon at this
session. In our own State it involves a great
many persons and may involve very serious
results. I therefore solicit the attention of the
Military Committee so that in some form we
may pass it. 1 do not care what clogs or limit-
ations are added to it, or what guards arc
thrown around it; but certainly we ought not
to enforce these disabilities against persons who
were not strictly deserters.
Mr. CONKLING. I should still like to hear
the bill read for information.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore,. The bill
will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
The first section provides that no soldier or
sailor shall be held or taken to be a deserter
from the Army or Navy who voluntarily en-
listed to serve and did faithfully serve the pre-
scribed period of his enlistment until April 19,
1865, and who, without proper authority or
leave first obtained, did quit his command or
refuse to serve after that date.
The second section provides that any volun-
teer soldier or sailor who may at any time have
absented himself from service, and who volun-
tarily returned to duty and returned to his
command and remained there until it was reg-
ularly mustered out, or who was killed ia
battle or died before the expiration of his term
of^scrvice, shall not be classed as a deserter.
The third section proposes to direct the Sec-
retary of War and the Secretary of the Navy,
under such rules and regulations as they may
prescribe, to cause all applications of soldiers
or sailors of the classes before described as
deserters, asking for a correction of the rolls
or to be reinstated, .which may hereafter be
presented to their respective Departments, to
be examined, and if it shall be found that the
applicant voluntarily entered the service and
faithfully served the term of his enlistment or
until April 19, 1865, and only left the service
after that date, his name shall be replaced
upon the rolls and he shall be entitled to his
pay up to the day ho so left the service,
but shall not receive any additional or extra
pay. Such a person is also to be entitled to a
discharge, setting forth the facts as they exist,
and is not to be subject to any penalty, disa-
bility, or forfeiture of citizenship as a deserter.
Section four proposes to vacate and set.
aside all dishonorable discharges given to any
soldier or sailor included within the previous
provisions for such alleged desertion or refusal
to serve.
The fifth section provides that when any
soldier or sailor of the late war whose name is
borne on the rolls as a deserter, shall present
to the Secretary of War or the Secretary of
the Navy .satisfactory proof that the desertion
was only technical and without intention to
abandon the service, the Secretary may give
him a certificate that his record of desertion
has been canceled.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I objected to the con-
sideration of this bill, for the reason that I
think this whole subject should be considered
very carefully and fully. At this session it
ought not to be taken up. There are other
cases that appeal, in myjudgment, to Congress
for relief, that ought to be considered in this
connection. Therefore I object to the consid-
eration of the bill at this session ; and 1 raise
the point that the resolution of the Senate can-
not be suspended. It may possibly be re-
pealed or rescinded, and then the action of
the Senate is left free; but it does not stand
like a rule of the body which is subject to the
practice of suspension, if there be any such
practice in the Senate, and I am not sure
whether there is or not. I believe in all other
cases the rules are suspended by unanimous
consent. I think the Chair dccided on Friday
or Saturday that the rules could not be sus-
pended by any majority, or two-thirds vote, as
in the other House ; that it can only be done
by unanimous consent. Now this is a resolu-
tion which stands as the decision of this body,
which I submit to the Chair, and .can only be
repealed or rescinded in the regular way, and
cannot bo suspended unless by unanimous con-
sent. Of course any business may be done by
unanimous consent. Upon this point, 1 ask the
decision of the Chair. The merit of this bill
has been somewhat discussed. 1 do not choose
to discuss it at all; I think under the resolu-
tion it cannot come before the body.
Mr. POMEROY. Any motion to modify
or repeal a rule cannot be acted upon the day
the motion is made 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I suppose
the question of order is not debatable.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not desire to debate
it; but I gave notice on Saturday that I should
make this motion to-day to repeal so much of
the resolution of the Senate as interferes or
conflicts with the consideration of this bill.
That is the notice which I gave.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The point of order I
make is, that that motion is not in order. The
rules do not allow a motion to rescind or modify
a rule of the Senate. A change of rules requires
one day's notice. But the proposition of the
