648
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
Mr.. SHERMAN. I doubt _ very much
whether the Legislature could give any con-
struction to or change or affect the constitu-
tion.
Mr. HOWARD. Is the Senator quite sure
• that the bill on our table now will operate to
relieve that class of persons from the disabil-
ities against which he complains ? I entertain
sor$>e doubt about it.
Sir. SHERMAN. The framers of the bill
are of that opinion ; but if there is any doubt
about it the bill is to go to the Military Com-
mittee, and they can examine it. The last sec-
tion in the bill I am not prepared to vote for;
I think -the bill should be modified; but the
main purpose and idea of the bill it seems to
me ought to be acted upon, i hope the Sen-
ate will see the matter as I do, and let the sub-
ject go to the Military Committee for decision.
Mr. HOWE. This is a bill for the relief of
a certain portion of the people of the United
States. I called them deserters, because they
are called deserters in the bill. The Senator
from Ohio insists now, as he insisted before,
that they are only technically deserters. That
may be so. Of course I do not prejudge that
question; but they belong to one of two classes
of men; either to a class of men who, during
the war, in the heat of the service, deserted
their regiments and their standards and left the
held, and afterward repenting returned, per-
haps before the surrender, perhaps after the
.surrender of the rebel armies, (I do not know
which, for it covers both cases,) or to a class
of men who, thinking or pretending that they
had served, or believing, if you please, that
they had served to the end of the required term,
after the surrender of the rebel armies, in defi-
ance of the authority of the United States,
refused to serve any longer, left the post of
duty and went to their homes, while their com-
rades remained still obedient to the authority
of the nation. These are the two classes of
men provided for in this bill. Just how much
merit they may have of course I am not pre-
pared to say here now. The Senator says I
cannot wish to perpetuate a stigma on them.
I cannot have any wish about it. I do not
know how many of my own fellow-citizens
belonging to the State of Wisconsin may be
included within the relief intended by this bill.
I simply know that neither class of those de-
sciibed in the billare the most meritorious men
we have in Wisconsin, and while you exclude
al 1 the vest from these Halls I am. not prepared
to let them in.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope that on the motion
to take up the bill for the purpose of referring
it to a committee we shall not have any fur-
ther discussion. Indeed, this discussion is
really out ot order. I hope we may have a
vote.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I differ from the Sen-
ator from Kansas in opinion. This vote is to
determine whether we are to enter upon gen-
eral legislation or not.
Mr. POMEliOY. I submit that that ques-
tion has been decided.
Mr. HOWE. When was it decided?
Mr. BUCK ALE W. I say the taking up of
this bill will determine by the vote of the Sen-
ate whether we are to enter upon other busi-
ness except those measures which relate to
reconstruction; and therefore the present
question, the question of taking up this bill by
a vote ot the Senate, is more important vastly
than it would be under ordinary circumstances.
Mr. POMEROY. I submit that the Senate
have decided that the motion is in order to
proceed to the consideration of this bill. They
have not decided that it is in order to proceed
to the consideration of other bills. The ques-
tion now simply is, it having been decided to
be in order to tak^this bill u£ for considera-
tion, whether we shall so take it up.
Mr. BUCKALEW'. And if we take this
bill up because it is said to be a bill of merit
relating to the general legislation necessary
for the country, there ia no ground left for re-
sisting an appeal fortaking up another meas-
ure. Therefore, sir, I repeat that the present
vote of the Senate is to determine whether we
are to enter upon general legislative business
or not. We cannot resist an appeal in favor
of another measure which may be brought be-
fore us if it appear to have merit, as the Sen-
ator from Kansas thinks this bill has.
But what I rose to speak to is the necessity
of the action of Congress at this time • upon
this particular measure for the purpose of
affording relief to the deserters spoken of.
If it can be shown that there is no necessity
or pretense of necesssity why Congress should
act at this time in order to extend relief to
those persons, all argument for taking up this
bill, for departing from the course which we
hitherto pursued, is removed from the debate.
Now, sir, there is no provision in the con-
stitution of Ohio, the State whi'ch has been
alluded to, disfranchising deserters. That
question is to be voted upon at the fall elec-
tion ; but for the time being all those persons
in whose behalf the appeal is made are enti-
tled to vote, so far as anything in the constitu-
tion of that State is concerned. There will be
no disfranchisement of anybody for desertion
under the constitution of Ohio if you do not pro-
ceed to act at this session;, and if it be desired to
remove disabilities from persons of that class,
it can be done at the next regular session of
Congress, after full debate, and in a bill which
shall include all other cases that ought to be
excluded from the operation of our former
law. There will then be no general election
in that State after this exclusion comes into
effect until the fall of 18G8, and it will be per-
fectly competent for Congress to extend any
relief which it may think proper to the class
of persons who have been alluded to in this
debate. I suppose this answers the only argu-
ment of importance which has been submitted
to the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to reply to
one observation of the Senator before he
takes his seat, so that he may have the reply
in his mind. I do not make the point myself.
The constitution of the State of Ohio declares
that every white male citizen of the United
States having a certain age and certain resi-
dence shall be entitled to vote. A law of
Congress, passed, I think, in I860, denation-
alizes deserters. The question is then raised
whether under the constitution of Ohio as it
now stands, any deserter can vote, whether he
is a citizen within the meaning of our consti-
tution. Considerable doubt exists in the State
whether or not these persons, although inno-
cent of the moral turpitude of desertion, can
vote under the existing constitution. I do not
give any opinion upon that point myself, but it
is claimed that the effect of the act of Con-
gress was to denationalize them, and as the
voters must be citizens of the United States,
the question is whether they can vote under
the existing constitution. Wrc are, therefore,
embarrassed by that matter.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I will answer the Sen-
ator on that point, because I have a complete
reply, I think, and one that will satisfy him;
but before I give it I will go on and state in a
word what I proposed to add when the Sen-
ator rose to interrupt me ; and that is, that if
we take up this bill for consideration, it must
be referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, it must come back again to the Senate,
and it must and it will be debated thoroughly
upon this floor, consuming a great amount of
time. _ It is not to be expected that Congress
shall interpose in favor of one class of men
who are harshly dealt with by the existing law,
without having other cases of hardship heard
in debate, and amendments proposed concern-
ing them.
And now a few words as to the point which
the Senator from Ohio has just made, and
which I understand to be this: that under the
State constitution the right of voting is limited
to citizens who shall possess certain local qual-
ifications, residence, &e. We are perfectly
familiar with all that question in Pennsylvania, i
and there is no difficulty about it. I believe
that the constitution of our State is very similar
on that subject to the constitution of Ohio, and
it has been held throughout our State by our
courts, by the local courts, and by the supreme
court of the State, that the act of Congress of
I860 has no effect upon electoral qualifications
in that State until a person who is accused of
desertion has been, according to the terms of
the United States law, sent before a military
tribunal for trial and has been tried and con-
victed. That decision has been made by judges
of both political parties in my State, and it has
been held as sound and valid law, under the
constitution of Pennsylvania, by the supreme
court. It'is, therefore, the undoubted law of the
State that no person can be disfranchised under
an act of the Legislature for desertion until he
shall have been tried in the manner pointed
out by the act of Congress of 1863. Now,
what does that provide? It provides that per-
sons who shall desert from the public service
shall forfeit their state as citizens of the Uni-
ted States, and that they shall be arrested and
immediately sent by the officer arresting them
to the nearest military post to be put upon
trial before a military court. That is the tri-
bunal appointed by the act of Congress for the
trial of those cases, and until that tribunal has
acted and pronounced the judgment of the law
upon these persons they are not deprived of
their citizenship ; there is no judgment of law
against them, and no State law can come in
and deprive them of citizenship upon pretense
that there has been adjudged against them a
forfeiture under the laws of the United States.
The question has been so well determined in
my State that at the coming October election
I suppose no person will be deprived of the
right to vote by virtue of the act of 18G3, unless
there be a record of a military court produced
adjudging him to be guilty, and pronouncing
against him the penalty of the law. Then only
can it be argued that our State legislation comes
into action, and takes effect upon his case. I
do not enter into the question whether such an
argument would be sound or not, although I
have a clear opinion upon it. But its present
discussion is unnecessary.
Now, sir, we know that there were none of
those persons alluded to by the Senator from
Ohio ever tried by a military court; that is,
persons who left the ranks after the termina-
tion of the war. In fact there was an order
issued from the WTar Department discontinu-
ing all proceedings in cases of desertion. It
was not desired by the Government that the
enormous expense of investigating these cases
should be incurred; and an additional reason
was that the necessities of the public service
did not require that these cases should be
investigated.
Mr. CONKLINCr. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. BUCKALEW. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLlNGr. Is therein Pennsylvania
an oath required of electors, which oath is to
the effect, among other things, that they did
not desert or flee the draft? There is such an
oath required by the statutes of several of the
States ; and I should like to know, even on the
theorythe Senator suggests, what would become
of a person's right to vote under such a statute
as that—a statute requiring him, in case he was
challenged, to take an oath to the effect that
he had not deserted ?
Mr. BUCKALEW. I think such a man
ought not to vote, if he has actually been in
the service of the United States and has left
it. Prima facie, until some excuse ;s made
for him, I think he ought not to vote. But I
understand this question belongs to a different
class of cases. This question ordinarily arises
m the case of non-reporting drafted men who
have never actually been in the service, and
who may or who may not have some excise.
There is no such oath as that to which the Sen-
ator alludes in my State.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, I prefer
that this whole subject should lie over for this
