1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
640
session. I am not prepared to decide it now.
I do not think it proper that we should infringe
the rule we have adopted. But I have risen
to say that I think my colleague is somewhat
iu error in regard to the decisions in Pennsyl-
vania. I know there was a decision of the
supreme court, carried, I think, by one majority
on the bench, somewhat to the effect that he
states ; but I think asageneral thing the judges
of the different courts of the Stale have
not believed that that was a correct decision,
and the impression prevails, to some extent at
any rate, that it was governed by political feel-
ings. My colleague is a lawyer; I am not;
and of course he ought to be better acquainted
with the decisions of the courts than I am. I
know that there is a strong feeling in the State
against allowing deserters to vote ; and I know
that in many of our districts at the next elec-
tion any man who deserted, if proof can be
brought before the election officers of that fact,
will not be permitted to vote.
I am in favor of what I suppose to be the
intention of this bill; but I think no harm will
be done by letting the question lie over until
next session. In the mean time the matter can
be investigated. My own judgment is in favor
of relieving everybody who actually performed
duty until the end of the war. I think the
decision of the War Department wrong that
detained men a day after the war was entirely
over, or at any rate a day longer than the
necessary machinery could be got to work to
muster them out of the service. I am aware
of the fact that volunteers from Pennsylvania
were sent away to Texas and served there
months after the war was over, and I think
some of them are there still: particularly a
colored regiment. Some men are still in ser-
vice who enlisted only to serve during the war.
That is unjust to those men, and I was not
surprised that many high-minded men who
entered the service from the best motives,
motives of patriotism, should have deserted,
if you call it desertion ; should have gone to
their homes when they felt that they had per-
formed -their duty and fulfilled their contract.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Because of the posi-
tion that the distinguished Senator from Penn-
sylvania once held as Secretary of War, I
desire to ask his opinion as to the precise time
when the war did close. My opinion is very
clear upon that question ; but I should like to
have his opinion upon it. The enlistment was
for a term of years or during the war. Now,
it is claimed that the soldier had a rijht to
decide that question. Yery able statesmen
may differ upon it, and I should like to know of
the Senator when the war«did close.
Mr. CAMERON. I did not say that the sol-
dier had a right to decide when the war did
close, and I did not mean to have it supposed
that I said so. What I said was that I was not
surprised that many high-minded men, having
served daring the whole war, and feeling that
they were detained long after their enlistment
expired, in violation of their contract with the
Government, should have left the ranks. I re-
member a case at the first battle of Bull Run.
I happened to be there the day before the battle.
Several of the regiments had served out their
time. General Scott made what I supposed
to be a mere technical decision that their term
of service should commence from the time that
they had been mustered into the service here
in "Washington. I said they were entitled to
' their discharge in three months from the date
that they mustered themselves into their organ-
ization and marched for their destination. I
remember particularly the case of the regiment
from Rhode Island which came here under
the auspices of the present Senator from that
State, [Mr. Spraguk.] The officers of that
regiment came to me and said that feeling that
they had performed their whole duty they did
not want"to stay longer unless somebody in
authority would say to them their services were
important to the interests of the country, that
while they were willing to stay in an emer-
gency they desired to have understood that they
had performed their duty. They said they
would stay as long as it was necessary for the
interests of the country, and especially until
the battle was over. On such terms the Rhode
Island regiment engaged in that battle and
fought so gallantly as history records they did.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, 1 was
about concluding what I had to say when I
gave way to my colleague. My remarks at
this time have been directed, or at least I
intended to direct them, to the single point of
the absence of any necessity for present action,
and while I say this I desire it to be distinctly
understood that 1 am strongly in favor of the
proposition contained in this bill. At the next
session of Congress, if I am here, and this
subject shall come up, I shall very cheerfully
give it my support.
As to what my colleague has said about the
decisions of the courts in our State, I do not
care to go into a debate on that subject. I
simply wish to enter my protest against his
statement of the facts.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on taking up the bill for consideration.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I submit to the Chair
that there is a prior question to the one that is
now stated by the Chair. The question is:
Will the Senate agree to the modification of
the resolution proposed by the Senator from
Kansas pursuant to his notice of Saturday last?
The Senate has not agreed to modify the reso-
lution yet. That is the first question. Then
the question will arise, Will the Senate take
up the bill? It is not in order yet to propose
to take up the bill until the Senate agrees to
modify the resolution so far as to allow that.
So the first question upon which the Senate
are called upon to vote will be, Shall the reso-
lution be so modified as to allow the taking up
of this bill?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
so decided, from which the Senator took an
appeal, and afterward withdrew his appeal
and left the decision of the Chair standing, that
it was in order to proceed under that notice to
call up the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will avoid my friend's
technicality and move, with the consent of the
Senator from Kansas, that the rule referred to
be so modified that this bill be now taken up
for consideration; that the rule bo modified to
that extent.
Mr. HENDRICKS. So as to allow the tak-
ing up of this bill ?
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the ordinary form,
I may say, in which the motion is put in the
other House, and we had better adopt that
form. •
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Very well;
the Chair will put it in the way suggested, if
that be agreeable.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I did not appeal from
the decision of the Chair that the rule was
modified. The Chair did not undertake so to
decide ; but the Chair decided that it was com-
petent for the Senator to move to modify the
rule as he proposed. From that I appealed;
but upon that motion there ha* been no vote
of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator is right about that. The question is on
modifying the rule so as to take up the bill
alluded to for consideration.
Mr. POMEROT. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 18; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs.Cattoll. Chandler, Craein. Fowlor.
Frelinghuysen, Harlan, MomllofMame, Patterson of
New Hampshire, Pomoroy, Ramsey, Ross, Sherman,
Spiague, Sumner, Thayer, Iipton, wade, Wilson,
NAYS—Messrs. Buekalew, Cameron, Cole Davis,
Edmunds Fesscnden, ttrimes, Hendricks, Howard,
Howe, Johnson, Morgan, Norton Nye, Kattepon oi
Tennessee. Trumbull, Van W mklo, and Willo 18.
ABSENT—Alossr*. Anthony, Bayard, toiikliog,
Conness, Coibott, Dixon, Doolitlle, Drake Ferry,
Guthrie Henderson, Morrill of V ermont, Morton,
Saulsbu'ry. Stewart, and Williams—16.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ate agree to modify the rule for the purpose of
taking up the bill. The question now is on
taking up the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill will
now receive its first reading.
The bill (H. R. No. 108) for the relief of
certain volunteer soldiers and sailors therein
designated, was read the first time by its title.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It cannot be referred
until it has received its second reading.
The bill was then read a second time by its
title.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that it bo referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend that motion
by referring it to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Oh, no.
Mr. G RIMES. There is no bill before Con-
gress, or likely to come before us, thatinvolves
more legal and constitutional questions than
are embraced in this bill, and that is the appro-
priate committee to which it should be referred.
Mr. TRUMBULL, i hope it will not be
referred to the Judiciary Committee. It is
certainly a matter relating to military affairs
with which the Military Committee are known
to be familiar. The Committee on Military
Affairs understand all the laws in regard to
deserters and their operation. It is a matter
that has never been taken cognizance of by the
Committee on the Judiciary. It would involve
an examination by that committee which would
take time; and I will state to the Senator from
Iowa that that committee have had their full
share of the labors of this session, and this is
a matter that properly belongs to the Military
Committee. 1 trust it will not be referred to
the Judiciary Committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first
question will be on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Iowa, to refer this bill to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now recurs on the motion to refer the bill
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE I'llOM TIIJS HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiieiisox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the amend-
ment of the Senate to the joint resolution (H.
R. No. 71) to carry into effect the several acts
providing for the more efficient government
of the rebel States.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
House having directed the reenrollment of the
bill (H. R. No. 123) supplementary to an act
entitled "An act to provide for the more effi-
cient government of the rebel States," passed
on the 2d day of March, 1807, and the
act supplementary thereto, passed on the
23d day of March, 1867, after its return
by the President of the United States on the
request of the House to correct an error, the
reenrolled bill had been signed by the Speaker
of the House; and it was thereupon signed by
the President pro tempore of the" Senate.
The message also announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
joint resolution (H. R. No. 71) to carry into
effect the several acts providing for the more
efficient government of the rebel States ; and
it was thereupon signed by the President pro
tempore of the Senate.
RECONSTRUCTION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the following message from the
President of the United States :
To the Senate of the United Stales :
I transmit herewith reports from the Secre-
tary of War and the Attorney General, contain-
