1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
651
Massachusetts by the ordinance of secession
passed in Virginia; but by the act of revolu-
tion, by the act of rebellion, by the several
piam violations of several positive commands
of the Constitution which are involved in that
rebellion, I thought the question of authority
was remitted to the Congress of the Unitecl
States to say when and how far those rights of
a State should be recognized, how far they
should not be forfeited; that if Congress chose
to recognize any new government set up there,
and loyal in fact, as the government of a State,
Congress had authority to do so. If Congress
denied_ that authority, Congress had equal
authority to deny it. If that is not so, if the
political character of a State was still preserved
111 spite of this rebellion and in spite of all its
violations of the Constitution, I have never
been able to see how the rights of a State could
be denied; and it was that question I wanted
the Senator from Indiana to answer.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is a little difficult
for me to say what the answer of the Senator
is. _ He admits that, with his approbation, Vir-
ginia was represented here by Senators elected
after the ordinance of secession and after the
commencement of hostilities: after the revo-
lution commenced, as he says; aud I found
those Senators holding positions in this body
when I came here two years after the com-
mencement of the war. Now, I should like
to know of the Senator, if revolution strikes a
State from the Union, why it is he recognized
the election of Senators by a State in flagrant
revolution and war.
_ Mr. HOWE. The Senator has very inge-
niously turned this into a catechism pro-
pounded to me, instead of what I wanted it to
be, a catechism for his own exercise. [Laugh-
ter.] I wished him, not me, to give informa-
tion. If I cannot get information from tlie
Senator from Indiana upon the points on
which I wish instruction I will give him the
best I can. I can give you no more informa-
tion than to repeat what I said: that I do hold
there were certain commands in the Constitu-
tion resting upon every State which those
States that entered into rebellion violated.
Among others, there was the command that
every one of its officers, executive, -judicial,
and legislative, should be under an oatli to
support the Constitution of the United States.
They violated that. They had governments
that were not under that oath.' They were
commanded not to enter into any league or
compact or alliance with other States. They
violated that. Nor with foreign Powers. They
sought to do that. They violated very many
commands of the Constitution, and then made
flagrant war upon the United States to support
these violations. I did understand it to be the
duty of the President of the United States to
enforce every one of these commands; they
were the supreme law; and I did understand
it to be the duty and right of Congress to clothe
the President of the United States with author-
ity, with power, to pass any law to enable him
to execute those laws, to enforce those com-
mands, to see that there was no State govern-
ment which violated those commands; and I
thought a very proper way was to abolish those
governments. We had not done it when Vir-
ginia sent her representatives here ; we had not
done it when Arkansas sent up her Senators.
I thought we ought to have done it. I do not
remember whether I voted to admit the Sen-
ators from Virginia or not. I did vote, if the
question was put to the Senate, and I think it
was in the case of the Arkansas Senators, to
admit them. I thought they ought to be ad-
mitted. I thought the Senate ought to admit
them, because they were loyal themselves; they
were sent here by a loyal Legislature, repre-
senting a loyal constituency ; and our law said
still that Arkansas was a State. I said in that
very connection that I thought Arkansas had
done that wliieh authorized us and required us
to say that Arkansas should no longer be a
State, should no longer he entitled to the right
of representation, and that we ought to do
that; but until wo did it I thought the Senate I
should obey the law upon its own statute-book.
It has been my theory from the beginning down
to this time; it is my theory to-day. But upon
the theory of the Senator from Indiana, that
they were States in fact and States in right, de
jure and de facto, just as New York, Massa-
chusetts, Wisconsin, and Indiana are, I want
to know still upon his theory if we were bound
to receive Senators from South Carolina and
Nortli Carolina sent up here during the war?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not know whether
the Senator designed what he said as a criticism
upon me for asking him the question. It was
a question he invited. I did not invite him.
I was making a few remarks in reply to the
Senator from Michigan; and it is not usually
my custom to allow all the questions in any
debate to be upon one side. I asked "him a
very straight question. That question was: if
he believes, as he said in his first remarks, that
revolution cut these States off?
Mr. HOWE. I did not say so.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I so understood the
Senator.
_ Mr. HOWE. The Senator was mistaken; I
did not say so. I said, on the contrary, that
the ordinance of secession of Virginia had no
more effect upon her rights or her authority
than the same act had upon the authority of
Massachusetts; but I thought it made the
ground for our action upon the rights of Vir-
ginia.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Tken, according to
the theory of the Senator as now declared,
neither the ordinance of secession nor flagrant
war disturbed the relation of the States to the
Union.
Mr. HOWE. No; I did not say that by any
manner of means. I think it did disturb the
the relations of the State.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think so; that is my
theory; but the States, as I understand the
Senator now to assume, lose their right of
representation by the aftt of Congress declaring
that they are not States. Now, as there was
no such act of Congress during the war, and
none, as 1 now recollect, until last spring,
declaring the States to be illegal in the South,
what took away from the States the right to
representation which lie recognized in Virginia
in the middle of the war?
Mr. IIOWE. I do not understand that it
was lost. Virginia had that right of repre-
sentation, he says.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It was not so much
myself as the Senator, for when I came to this
body I found these Virginia Senators here.
Mr. HOWE. Then they had not lost the
right.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is exactly _what
the Senator says; and'as it required an act of
Congress, according to his present opinion, to
take away from them the right, I want to know
what did, at any time during the war, take
away from them the right of representation,
inasmuch as the acts of Congress never declared
that they were separated from the Union, never
declared that they were not entitled to repre-
sentation, never declared that the State gov-
ernments were illegal until last March. On the
contrary, the acts of Congress recognized them
as States, the aets of Congress taxing tl-.om as
States, the acts of Congress apportioning rep-
resentation among them as States, spoke of
them as States. Congress legislating in that
direction, and the revolution not disturbing
their relations to the Union so far as the right
of representation is concerned, I want to know
of the Senator what took away from them the
right of representation, if it is his pleasure to
answer the question ?
Mr. HOWE. I never have stated that they
lost the right of representation. I sav, on the
contrary, 1 think they did not lose the statutory
right of representation until we took it away
ourselves; that it was conferred, as it is con-
ferred upon every State, by an act of Congress;
and that it was never lost in law until it was
takenlaway by act of Congress; but those acts
of rebellion were the acts which justified Con-
gress to legislate and to take it away. I do
not understand that this right was denied to
Virginia. Of course it was not denied while
she had Senators on the floor.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Of course not; and
the Senator in allowing representation to Ten-
nessee, in allowing it to Virginia, and in favor-
ing it from Arkansas under elections that took
place during the rebellion, after the ordinance
of secession, and while war was flagrant, recog-
nized the right of representation ; and it is a
hard point for him now to tell us when it was and
how it was that the States lost the right of
representation. Mr, President, my view is
that the right of representation is given by the
Constitution of the United States—that Con-
stitution that bound the States to the Federal
Union—that Constitution which fixed the re-
lations between the Federal and State Govern-
ments, that each State of the Union is enti-
tled to two Senators and to at least one Repre-
sentative in Congress. My view is, that the
right of representation does not and cannot
depend upon any act of Congress ; that Con-
gress has no power to increase or decrease the
right of representation of any State in this
Union ; that it is fixed by the Constitution of
the United States. But, on the other hand,
my view is very clear, as it has been expressed
much better than I can express it by the dis-
tinguished statesman to whom I have referred,
that by the war the practical relations of the
States to the Government were broken, and it
became practically impossible for them to be
represented in this body ; practically they had
no right to bo represented in this body; the
Constitution remaining all the while ; the State
governments indestructible in their character
so far as their relation to the Federal Govern-
ment was concerned.
Mr. President, I have gone further into this
than 1 thought of at the time 1 got up. My
purpose was simply to respond to the remarks
of the Senator from Michigan. I would sug-
gest to him to review his learning somewhat o-n
this subjcct of the acquisition of territory by
conquest, and I think he will give a little more
importance to this subject than he has in his
lemarks this morning.
Mr. SUMNER. It does not seem to roe
that there is any substantial difference of opin-
ion between the Senator from Indiana and the
Senator from Michigan. The Senator from
Indiana thinks the suggestion of the President,
entirely out of place. He believes that these
States may continue hereafter liable for all
their honest antecedent debts. The Senator
from Michigan believes*so likewise; and my
friend from Michigan goes further and suggests
that the President, in holding up the idea of
any possible liability on the part of the nation,
was indulging in moonshine. I agree with tho
Senator from Michigan; that whole suggestion
of the President is moonshine, and nothing
else. See how it is presented, sir. After set-
ting forth t^e possible liabilities of the national
Government from undertaking to administer
the-governments of the rebel States, he says:
"This sum would no doubt bo considerably aug-
mented if"—
Mark that "if," if you please—
"if the machinery of these States is to bo wperated
by tho Federal Government, and would bo largely
increased if"—
Mark again the " if"—
"if tho United States, by abolishing the State gov-
ernments, should become responsible for liabilities
incurred by them before the rebellion in laudable
efforts to develop their resources, and in no wise cre-
ated for insurrectionary or revolutionaiy purpose".
The debts of theso States, thus legitimately incurred,
when accurately ascertained, will, it is believed,
approximate $100,000,000; and they are held, not
only by our own citizens, among whom are residents
of portions of the country which have ever remained
loyal to tho Union, but by persons who arc the sub-
jects of foreign Governments. It is worthy the con-
sideration of congress and the country, whether, if
the Federal Government, by its action, were to as-
sume such obligations, so large an addition to onr
expenditures would not seriously impair the credit
of the nation; or, on the other hand, whether the
refusal of Congress to guaranty the payment of the
debts of these States, atter having displaced or abol-
ished their State governments, would not be viewed
as a violation of good faith and a repudiation by t lie
national Legislature of liabilities wliieh these States
had justly and legally incurred.''
