652
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
It will be observed that all this suggestion
of the President is placed under the shelter
of an "if;" if the national Government is so
liable, then such consequences will ensue. Lis-
tening to the message, 1 was reminded of a sen-
tence of jShakspeare: "If is a gaoior to bring
forth some horrid malefactor." If the hypoth-
esis of the President is true, it is a horrid
malefactor that he has led out; our liabilities
surely would be great; but if there is nothing
in the hypothesis, then there is no malefactor
brought out, and there is no liability on our
part. •"
Now it seems to me as a question of public
law, and it is in that way that I meet it, noth-
ing can be clearer than that there is no liabil-
ity on the part of the national Government.
Unquestionably a State lives; and as long as
it lives, it carries with it all its original just
obligations. I take it, that is a received prin-
ciple of public law. If we resort to the prac-
tice of civilized nations, I may remind you
of France, which in the course of fifty years
has been administered by a succession of gov-
ernments, one giving way to another; a mon-
archy giving way first to a republic ; that re-
public then assuming different forms, finally
giving way to a consulate ; then again to an em-
pire ; then again to a royalty; then again to a
royalty in another form ; then again to a repub-
lic; and then again to an empire; andyet, under
all those successive forms, where conquest once
j ntervened, the original liabilities have been con-
tinued. Perhaps no more striking illustration
of that can be given^than the fact that the pen-
sion to the sister of Robespierre, awarded to her
shortly after the death of her brother, was paid
down to a very late day by the successive gov-
ernments, having, surely, no sympathy with
the family. I believe it may be accepted as a
principle of public law which cannot be called
in question, that as long as the State exists, its
original and just obligations inhere in it, and
they cannot be avoided except by annihilation.
That is my answer, therefore, to the suggestion
of the President. As soon aslhese States shall
be reorganized and again take their place in
our Government, they will be under all their
original obligations, none of them impaired;
nor will there be any additional obligations on
oar part.
Mr. JOHNSON. The opinion expressed by
the President in the message which is before us
is hypothetical; but coming from a functionary
so distinguished as he is, the President of the
United States, it is calculated, if it be wrong at
all, to produce some mischief. The debi of the
United States, which everybody recognizes as
due and to be paid to the last dollar, is very
large, and every addition to it increases the
public solicitude; and it is therefore at all
times unadvisable to express, as I t.hink, any
speculative opinion as to the possible increase
of that debt. I am sorry, therefore, that the
President should have deemed it^his duty to
express such an opinion in the message before
us ; for although, as I have stated, he does not
give it as a positive opinion, but only expresses
it hypothetical!}', it cannot but serve in some
degree to affect our financial credit.
Whether the opinion is right or wrong is a
matter upon which I do not propose to express
any very decided opinion; but, as at present
advised, lam obliged to say that I think it is
wrong. These States, even assuming, as I am
obliged to assume, the hypothesis of the Presi-
dent to be right, are for a time out of the
Union ; they arc in the hands of the Govern-
ment of the Union to be molded by that Gov-
ernment and governed by that Government as
in its own wisdom it may think proper. For
the time, therefore, State existence is at an
end. But whether the United States, by hold-
ing that relation to the States, has become
responsible, or will be responsible for the debts
of the States, is a very different inquiry. No-
body pretends that it is the purpose of the
Government of the United States to retain these
States in the condition of territories. They
are held now, in the judgment of us all, only
until they can be reinstated in their original
condition asStates of the Union. But the ques-
tion suggested by the President is, whether
because we hold them in that state of suspense,
we become responsible for the debts of those
States, as we should be if we became the
governors of those States in all time to come.
Nov/, he says, and my friend from Indiana
states the same thing- and to that extent they
are both, as I think, clearly right—that the
conquest of any existing State does not rid the
conqueror of the obligation to pay the debts
that the original State may have owed. All the
obligations of a conquered State, as between
the State conquered and other nations, remain
and fall upon the conquering State. All the
rights belonging to citizens of the conquered
State, as between themselves, remain still as
rights to be protected by the conquering State.
But suppose a State to be conquered to-day
and held for a year or longer, and then receded,
the creditors of the conquered States not call-
ing upon the conqueror during the period that he
held his conquest, to pay the debts, making no
demand, or if making the demand, that de-
mand not being responded to ; when the con-
quered State has been receded or has been
recovered by conquest at the instance of the
original conquered State, the first conquering
State is no longer responsible for the debt; it
remains a debt of the original State; and that,
I think, was illustrated very clearly in the case
of the Government of Spain. Spain was con-
quered by Napoleon. During that conquest
many outrages were perpetrated upon the Gov-
ernment of the United States and upon her
citizens. AfterSpain recovered her sovereignty,
after France was driven away, we made a de-
mand upon Spain to pay, not only the original
debts which Spain owed the United States, but
all the debts which she would have owed
if she had not been conquered and had done
the acts which gave the United States a right
to demand of her indemnity. And we recov-
ered it upon the ground that Spain remained
Spain, and was responsible for all the obliga-
tions of Spain the very moment she reinstated
herself in her original authority.
Now, to apply that precedent to the case
before us: suppose—and I concede that for the
purpose of the argument—that we are right-
fully to be considered as the conquerors of
these ten States in the absolute sense of the
term; that they are ours to do as we may
think proper, to be governed by us we may
think expedient, or to be disposed of by us by
treaty with other nations; we keep them for
a year or more, when they are again States ;
we recognize them then as States of the Union,
invested with all the rights that belonged to
theip before the rebellion ; are we then to be
responsible for the debts they originally owed,
or are they? Can both be responsible ! That
they are responsible the United States cannot
well deny, because the United States have
enforced that doctrine as against Spain, and
have always hold the doctrine to be a sound one,
that it a State has been stricken out of existence
by conquest, and lost her authority, and she
regains it, she is at once liable for all her
original engagements. So in relation to Geor-
gia: I mention Georgia by way of illustration.
Georgia is conquered, or is "supposed to be
conquered. We, as the conquerors, hold her
under our control. We say to her, we say to
herpeople, "Do certain acts, and you shall
again be in the condition in which you were
before the contingency happened which justi-
fied or made it our duty to conquer you and
that is done. All her debts revive. Can it be
true that with the revival of her obligation to
pay her debts that does not terminate (if there
ever was such an obligation) any obligation on
the part of the United States until she was
revived, to pay the same debt? Can the
United States be responsible and Georgia
be responsible at one and the same time for
the same debts? I submit not; and I was
about to say but for the hypothetical opinion
of the President of the United States, clearly
not.
Now, in relation to the other apprehension
of the President, that wo shall be responsible
for the expenses of carrying on these State
governments or governing these people as long
as we hold them in the condition in which they
are: suppose we are, what then? If wo are,
it is only because they are conquered; and if
we are because we are conquerors, we can do
what every conqueror can do: we can levy a tax
on these States to pay the expense. We are
not to charge the expense of governing them
upon the loyal States. We are not to consider
it as an obligation, to be paid out of the Treas-
ury of the United States. If as conqueror, with
a view to what we believe to be their benefit
and the benefit of the United States, we think
proper to govern them, we have a right to say
to them, "You must pay the expense of that
government;" and that they are abundantly
able to meet, or will be if they are not now
abundantly able to meet.
Then the conclusion to which, as I am now
advised, I come, is, that we are not responsible
at all for any debts contracted by the States
before the rebellion ; and if we were respon-
sible at all in -the first instance to contribute
out of the Treasury an amount sufficient to
.carry on this process of reconstruction, it is
an amount for which we shall have a right to
tax those States.
I was very glad to hear my friend from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Stimxer] say—I t.hink it is the
first time he has said it in this Chamber—that
these States can never die; they cannot com-
mit suicide upon themselves. My recollection
is—I may be mistaken, and I suppose I am
from the opinion the honorable member ex-
jjressed just now—that he has more than once
said that they were in our hands, just as abso-
lutely ours as if we had conquered them from
a foreign nation ; just as much in our hands as
if there never had been State governments
over them, as if they had remained from the
time the territory became the territory of the
United States by cession a territory. But I
understand him now to say that they are States.
I beg him to reflect, however, whether he has
not in making that admission gone a step too
far, whether he has properly considered the
consequences of the doctrine which, as T under-
stand him, he is now maintaining. He says
that a State can never die; the State of course
always lives; that any debts contracted by a
State before its supposed death and any debts
contracted by a State after its supposed death,
or in the interval between its supposed death
and its revival into full life, are debts. I beg
him to reflect more seriously on that subject.
If he is right, the United States may be com-
pelled to pay the rebel debt contracted by the
rebel government?
Mr. SUMNElt.. How so ?
Mr, JOHNSON. They have gone abroad
and borrowed money 
Mr. SUMNER. That is not an honest debt.
I said an honest and just debt.
Mr, JOHNSON. Whether the debt is hon-
est or not is not to be tested by the Govern-
ment of the United States. We say that they
had no right to leave the United States. In
that I believe we are unanimous. We say,
therefore, that they have never had any
authority to contract any debts. I believe in
that until now we have been unanimous. But
I understood the honorable member to say
that during the several revolutions or stages
of revolution that happened in Franco all the
debts contracted by each Government to that
revolution from time to time were considered
eventually as debts due by the nation. If that
is logically so, then the debts contracted by
these rebel governments will become the debts
of the reinstated State governments, or debts
of the United States, and I protest against
both.
Mr. SUMNER. So do I.
Mr FKSSGNDKN. I ask the Senator from
Maryland if it is not an illustration of what he
is saying. If these Slates had sneeecded in
Securing what they call their independence,
and had been called upon by foreign Govern-
mentifto pay their obligations contracted dur-
