654
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
the Government of the United States, in tempo-
rary subjection and subjugation as temporarily
conquered country, it must result, as a matter
of course, that debts contracted by the con-
quered party in such a contest are debts which
can never rest upon the conquering party; for
the honorable Senator will not deny that it is
I he right of every Government in the world to
put down and subjugate rebellion. This process
is legal and lawful everywhere, at all times,
and in all countries. It would be a very
strange doctrine, it seems to me, that should
make it requisite foe the legitimate Govern-
ment to pay the debts of a rebellious portion
of its empire or possessions. It would be
simply saying to rebels, "Goon; you are an
actual Government now; you govern a por-
tion of the country now by an actual de facto
Government; go on ; contract such an amount
of debt as you please; run your faces as far
as you can; and if the old Government shall
finally succeed in subjugating you one result
will certainly be that the old Government will
be compelled to pay your debts;" that is to
say, the old Government will be obliged to
pay the expenses of both sides of the war.
Surely, Mr. President, the honorable Senator
from Indiana will hold no such doctrine.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I did not suppose that
I gave the Senator occasion to intimate that I
had held such a doctrine.
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir.
Mr. HENDRICKS. By no means. I ex-
pressed no such view. I simply expressed the
viewwhichwas much more ably and elearlyex-
pressed by the Senator from Maine, that if the
conquering nation absorbs the conquered coun-
try it absorb it with its debts before the war. I
will not undertake to say that in any event the
conqueror can be made responsible for the
debts incurred by the conquered country dur-
ing the war. I am not prepared to say ex-
actly what is the rule on that subject. While
the nation is making its resistance and is a
de facto government, perhaps de jure, making
its resistance against the Government that ulti-
mately becomes the conqueror, it incur debts.
Whether as between independent nations the
debts thus incurred during the war would fall
upon the conqueror I do not undertake to say
now; but certainly no such doctrine could
apply in any event between portions of the
same country.
Mr. HOWAIID. I was entirely right, Mr.
President. I have all along felt satisfied that
my honorable friend from Indiana would not
commit the Democratic party to the payment
of the rebel debts. That is an issue with which
he certainly will not venture into the campaign.
He acts very wisely, and not only acts wisely,
but his views are founded on solid sense and
«)Hd law, as I believe; and I am extremel}'
happy to hear the honorable Senator make the
announcement he has made.
Rut there is a third, state of facts arising in
this case- He seems to entertain an apprehen-
sion, and expresses it with much more delicacy,
I confess, than does the President in the mes-
sage which is before us, that by some sort of
legerdemain it may turn out that these Johnson
governments—I use that epithet for brevity's
sake—if they a^e extinguished and go out of
existence will leave to the United States the
charming legacy of their debts. Well now,
sir, I do not sympathize in this apprehension
at all; but if the apprehension be well founded,
it presents to our minds, if possible, an aggra-
vating view of that state of absolutism and
usurpation which Mr. Johnson has indulged in
in reference to reconstruction. The ground
which he takes in his message, the ground
which my honorable friend, I believe on more
than one occasion, has taken is, that the Pres-
dent has established the Johnson governments,
that he has done it by virtue of his executive
power as President of the United States, or as
Commander-in-Chief the armies of the United
States, or in some capacity, and that they are
legal governments because he has thus launched
them into being.
On the other hand, on this side of the Cham-
ber, we hold that that proceeding was illegal.
Would it not have been rather prudent cer-
tainly it would have been modest—upon the
part of Mr. Johnson if he had reflected a mo-
ment before launching these governments into
being, that the time might come when this
Black Republican Congress might lay a heavy
hand upon those mushroom States and extin-
guish, or in the words of the Senator from In-
diana, absorb them, and that one consequence
of that proceeding (which all will admit to be
legal) might be that the United States would
charge themselves with all the debts of the
Johnson governments ? Sir, if the President
foresaw such a result he was very unwise to
attempt the experiment which he undertook;
and if the debts which have been created
already by these States duriilg the Johnson
regime there amount to one hundred millions,
the country, according to the doctrine of the
President of the United States in this mes-
sage, will see the dangers into which he and
his advisers have carelessly and recklessly run
the Government of the United States.
But sir, I deny any such liability on the part
of the United States, whatever their Govern-
ment may see fit to do with the Johnson gov-
ernments. I look upon those governments
now, as I always have done, as being without
law, as resting not on the foundation of law,
but the capricious will of the Executive of the
United States, who, under the Constitution,
had no authority to establish them or to take
thefirsfc step toward their establishment. Who-
ever, therefore, has assumed to contract with
these Johnson governments, has done so with
his eyes open ; and if he has become a cred-
itor of these States, and it shall turn out that
in law and justice they were no States having
the faculty to enter'into contracts and obliga-
tions, he has but to thank himself for his own
folly; and if he is in the end a loser he has
nobody to complain of except himself, and to
regret his own indiscretion.
But even that is not the case, as I hold.
These are governments de facto, existing, not
of law, not by the sanction of law, but exist-
ing simply in fact. The people of these re-
spective States have submitted to them; they
have submitted to the authority of these
usurped governments; and for all purposes
of public law, according to my judgment, the
people of those States will still carry these
obligations, if there are any such, upon their
shoulders, until they fully discharge them as
States. If they were so unwise as to submit
to the illegal proclamations of the President
of the United States, to attempt to reorganize
their governments m that way, they must sub-
mit to the eonsequenccs. And this I hold to
bo public law. applicable to the people of those
States as well as all other people, so that after
Congress has acted and these States are re-
constructed, formally and properly readmitted
to their privileges in this Union, if there be
any such old debts accruing under the John-
son governments it will be for the people of
those States to take such course in regard to
them as they themselves shall see fit.
I make no further comment upon the gratu-
itous introduction into this message of lan-
guage on the part of the Executive which is
certainly calculated, if it were not intended,
to alarm capitalists and to create a ferment
among them throughout the United States, and
to throw odium upon this Congress for its
attempt to reconstruct fully and properly these
States. I think it was very gratuitous and
very unkind; I do not think that, in the end,
the sensible capitalists of this country who hold
that description of securities, if there be any
such, will thank Mr. Johnson or his advisers
for this gratuitous attempt to impair the credit
and the value of their securities.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, this mes-
sage is in perfect keeping with the action
of the President during the last two years.
He has lost no occasion, public or private, to
talk about "the bonded aristocracy;" to hint
to the country that there is to be a great con-
test over the payment of the debt incurred by
the war. The effect of this action on the part
of the President tends to impair the credit of
the Government. In his conversation .with
General Halpine, published to the country
months ago, we had the arguments in sup-
port of the hints that he is so accustomed to
make whenever he can get anybody to listen
to him. The suggestion is made in this message
for the purpose of bringing odium on Congress,
of making the impression that the public debt
is in danger, of alarming those who hold the
public debt, and perhaps those who hold debts
against these States. Those who hold the pub-
lic debt need have no anxiety whatever, and
those who hold the debts of these States need
not have any. The reason is very plain. The
policy of Congress has a tendency to strengthen
the national debt and the debts of those States.
Why, and how? "We have established by law
a plan by vrfiich these States can be restored to
their practical relations, can come back again
into these Halls. It is now clear to the compre-
hension of men of intelligence that the friends
of the Union, the friends of the united coun-
try, the friends of equal liberty, the men who
are in favor of education, in favor of diversi-
fied industries, in favor of developing the nat-
ural resources of those States, are coming into
power there, and they will demand the payment
of their own debts and the payment of the
national'debt. By their legislation and policy
they will enable these States to start afresh in
a career of prosperity, increasing their own
power and means to pay there debts and their
securities will increase in value. I have not
the shadow of a doubt that the policy of Con-
gress adds to the value of the national debt,
and adds to the value of the debts of these
States.
That policy tends to the prosperity of these
States ; and all of them, with the exception of
Texas, will pass into the control of men who
condemn the policy of the President, who con-
demn the policy of those who sympathize with
him. These States, sir, will pass into the
hands of men trtie to the country, true to the
rights of man, men who are in favor of devel-
oping and increasing the power of these States,
and of strengthening the whole country. We
shall have in a few months from this time, in
the election in Virginia, evidence of this which
jvill satisfy Mr. Johnson and Mr. Johnson's
friends. All the hints, messages, and conver-
sations of the President, whether with editors
in this country, or with correspond_ents of
papers in England, will not affect the national
debt, nor the debts of any of these States; and
the holders of both need give themselves no
anxiety on account of any hints, messages, or
talks of the President. All these suggestions,
therefore, will nbt come back upon Congress,
will not affect the national credit, nor the credit
of any of these States. We need give ourselves
110 anxiety about the effect of the message upon
the country politically or financially.
Mr. FUELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
I regret that the President of the United
States has, by the message just read, disturbed,
or assumed to disturb, public confidence in the
national debt; and I am glad that from no
State, no party, no Senator here does the mes-
sage receive any favorable response. It finds
no sympathy in the Senate of the United
States.
The message is calculated to do great injury;
not that the intelligence of the country will be
disturbed by it, but unprincipled speculators
can and will use it to play upon the fears of
the uninformed, and thus prey upon their
property. Holders of our securities abroad
may be affected by it.
The suggestions of the message are entirely
groundless. If it be true that a conquering
nation that absorbs the government found
existing and institutes one of its own in its
place thereby assumes the debt of the country
conquered, yet the debt contracted by the con-
quered country in carrying on the resistance
to the conquering nation is not thus assumed.
Even this message does not suggest the absurd-
ity that the United States may become liable
