1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
655
for the debt of the rebel States contracted
during the war; it ia the debt of States exist-
ing at the time and prior to the war to which
the message makes allusion.
And how, I ask, can the United States, even
on the law and principles relative to conquest,
become liable for the States' debts existing at
the time of the war? The United States have
not set aside those governments and instituted
the Government of the United States in their
stead. The governments which the United
States have superseded and declared illegal are
the governments without authority organized
by the Executive. Congress finding the func-
tions of government not lawfully in force in
the rebel States properly undertakes to recon-
struct the. States. This is not conquest, and
the principles incident to conquest do not
apply.
But besides, sir, the doctrine of conquest
is not in any view the proper one to invoke on
this question. The fundamental law of the
nation declares " That the Constitution of the
United States and the laws made in pursuance
thereof shall be the supreme law of this land,"
of every rood and acre of it. The rebel States
refused to obey the laws of the United States,
and the United States compelled them to obey.
They rebeled and we put down the rebellion.
We suppressed the insurrection. This is not
making a conquest. It is maintaining our own
Government according to the terms of a Con-
stitution binding on all parties. The rebel
States thus by their rebellion forfeited certain
of their rights, and Congress halve declared
those rights forfeited. They did the acts of
forfeiture, and we recognize it as a forfeiture.
The very existence of the nation required that
this forfeiture should be declared and recog-
nized. We could not permit our open enemies
to rule us in onr councils.
I respectfully insist that the doctrine of con-
quest and its incidents are not applicable to the
relations existing between the Federal and
the State governments.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, I sup-
pose it to be an advantage to. have this mes-
sage in print so as to be.able to command its
contents before we proceed to discuss it
thoroughly and exhaustively. I confess I did
not hear the whole of it read, and I observed
that there was not general attention in the
Senate during its reading. If, however, I were
to judge -by the speeches delivered subse-
quently, I should suppose that no document
ever commanded such profound attention, or
was so completely understood by the members
of the Senate as this is. I suspect that when
gentlemen outside of our Chamber who have
not the privilege of hearing documents read,
but who wish to read and ponder them for
themselves, come to examine this message it
will come to pass that they will take a some-
what different view of it from that which has
been taken by the Senator from New Jersey
and others who have spoken. I think, sir, it
will come to be understood from thorough ex-
amination of the document itself, and not of
the speeches that have been made concerning
it, that the President of the United Stales is
not in favor of the assumption by this Gov-
ernment of any portion of the State indebt-
edness of the southern country, whether it
existed before the war or was incurred by
irregular and disloyal governments during the
progress of the war. 1 think it will be under-
stood that ho is simply putting an argument to
show the fallacy, the unsoundness of that policy
iu the government of this country to which he
is opposed, that lie is simply suggesting that
upon the theory and upon the doctrines which
prevail with gentlemen to whom he is opposed
politically these consequences would legiti-
mately follow.
Now, it seems to be admitted also in this
Chamber that if the existing condition of things
in the southern country should continue, if
there should not be a change, such results
might be predicated upon that condition of
things ; in other words, if you establish mili-
tary governments there, if you declare them
superior to all civil authority, if the power to
pass laws of taxation and to form contracts
there is subject to the military authority of the
United States entirely and exclusively, and con-
tinue that condition of things for some time,
the creditors of those States could come to you,
this obligation would be cast upon you legiti-
mately and properly, because there would be
no civil government in any one of these States
that could respond to a public creditor. There-
fore, sir, the argument against the President's
suggestion, and the only argument, is that your
policy, your system in that country is to come
to an end, that it is to terminate, that a regular
civil authority established by the people them-
selves is to come into being. Then, you think,
according to the argument, it follows that you
will escape the suggestion which the President
has made.
Well, sir, whether it was worth while to have
this point raised and debated or not is perhaps
not very material. Perhaps we do not differ upon
principles. Perhaps we agree more nearly than
we supposed, all of us, with the principles
laid down by the President of the United
States. Some persons have the opinion that
you intend to continue your existing system
for a considerable time. You assert that you
intend to bring it to a conclusion speedily. I
think upon both sides of this great debate the
conclusion we shall come to and must come
to is that the sooner we terminate the author-
ity of the United States in that country, the
sooner self-government reasserts its preroga-
tive in that section, the better at least for the
creditors of these southern governments and
the better for the Treasury of the United States.
However, sir, I did not intend to enter into
this debate. I rose for the purpose of sug-
gesting that we have arrived at that period of
the day when it would be convenient to adjourn,
and 1 submit that> motion, unless there be
some reason for withholding it.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. I desire
to give a notice if the Senator will allow me.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Very well. I do not
make the motion at present.
Mr. THAYER. This hypothetical opinion
of the President is so clearly presented that I
think the Senator from Pennsylvania with his
usual sagacity will not be long in arriving at a
condemnation. I have read it carefully in
order to understand it. It is in these words:
he says that the expenditures "would be largely
increased if the United States by abolishing
the existing State governments should become
responsible for liabilities incurred by them
before the war in laudable efforts to develop
their resources." He has not the'boldness to
assert the opinion that the United States, by
abolishing these State governments, becomes
responsible; but he resorts to an insidious
effort to create a suspicion in the public mind
that the Government of the United States, by
declaring these State governments to be illegal,
does assume these obligations created before
the war. Itis in my judgment another attempt,
by insidious means, to throw an obstacle in the
way of the work of reconstruction, or, in other
words, to throw a new disturbing element into
the national politics of this country, to lead the
public tnind to inquire whether we do not
become responsible for these debts; and in my
judgment it is the duty of the Senate, it is
due to the country, to treat it in that manner
which shows that the Senate, at least, regards
it with the utmost indifference.
Now, sir, I should like to ask any one who
indorses this opinion or intimation of the
President, who was responsible for the pay-
ment of these debts when the acting President
of the United States created State governments
in the revolted States? If those governments
which were created by his order are responsible
for them, then of course the governments which
will be created under the reconstruction acts
of .Congress will be responsible for them. We,
by declaring the mode and manner in which
those State governments shall be formed and
created, subject to our approval, provide for
the organization of legal Slate governments;
and if the obligation exists to pay these debts
honestly contracted—and I hold that the obliga-
tion does exist—those governments which fol-
low will have the obligation resting upon them
to pay these debts, and not the Government of
the United States.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr; SUMNER. I hope we shall have the
question on printing the message.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have no objection to
that, and I withdraw the motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion that this message lie on
the table and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
MALINDA HARMON.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. I have
uniformly voted against every proposition to
open up subjects of legislation ; but inasmuch
as the rule has been departed from to-day in
favor of deserters, I now give notice that to-
morrow I shall ask a mitigation of the rule
adopted by the Senate for the purpose of tak-
ing up Senate bills No. 127 and No. 128.
Mr. ANTHONY. I now renew my motion.
Mr. HENDERSON. I ask the Senator to
withdraw that motion for a moment to enable
me to introduce a bill on the subject of our
Indian affairs for the purpose of having it
printed so that the Senate can see it to-morrow
morning.
Mr. ANTHONY. Very well.
bill introduced.
Mr. HENDERSON asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. J3G) to establish peace with cer-
tain hostile Indian tribes; which was read
twice by its title and ordered to be printed, and
to lie on the table.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, July 15, 1867.
The House met at twelve o' clock ra. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyntox.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order is the call of the Slates
and Territories for bills and joint resolutions
for reference to the appropriate committees,
not to be brought back by motions to recon-
sider, beginning with the State of New Hamp-
shire.
The Speaker proceeded with the call.
DECISION'S OK MILITARY COURTS.
Mr. KELLEY introduced a joint resolution
relative to the decisions of military courts;
which was read, as follows:
Joint resolution relative to the decisions of military
courts.
lie it resolved, &c„ That decisions of military courts
or commissions made in civil causes in the States
lately in rebellion, attimeswhenno civil courts were
in operation in the said rebellious States or any of
them, shall be held valid and binding.
The joint resolution was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
amendment to the constitution.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania, intro-
duced a joint resolution proposing an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States
in regard to the judges of the Supreme Court
and other courts; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on the
J uiliciary, and ordered to be printed.
LEGAL-TENDER NOTES.
Mr. NOELL introduced a bill to make legal-
tender notes receivable for duties on imports ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce when
appointed.
Mr. NOELL. I desire now to call up a
