658
THE .CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
ate had passed the joint resolution (H. R.
No. 71) to carry into effect the several acts
providing for the more efficient government
of the rebel States, with an amendment, in
•which the concurrence of the House was
requested.
The amendment of the Senate was read, as
follows:
In lines four and five strike out the words "six
hundred and seventy-five thousand dollars," so that
the clause will read: "for the purpose of carrying
into effect the above-named acts there be appropri-
ated out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated the sum of $1,000,000."
Mr. BOUTWELL. Mr. Speaker, I do not
know precisely the reason for this amendment;
but there can be no doubt that the reduced
appropriation proposed by the Senate will be
sufficient for all the purposes contemplated
until the next session of Congress. I there-
fore move that the House concur in the amend-
ment ; and on this motion I call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment of the Senate was
concurred in.
SUPPLEMENTAL RECONSTRUCTION BILL.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that
the committee had examined and found truly
reenrnlledanact(H. R.No. 123)supplementary
to an actentitled "Anacttoprovideforthemore
efficientgovernmentoftherebel States," passed
on the 2d day of March, 18C7, and the act sup-
plementary thereto, passed on the 23d day of
March, 18G7; which, agreeably to the request
of the House, had been returned by the Presi-
dent for the correction of an error in the
enrollment.
MILITARY FLOGGING OV A CIVILIAN.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of War, transmitting, in answer to
a resolution of the House of the 3d instant,
a report from the General of the Army rela-
tive to the alleged flogging of a civilian at Port
Sedgwick by order of Colonel Dodge.
Mr. IIOLMAN. As that communication is
brief I ask that it be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
War Department,
Washington", July 13,1867.
Sir: In relation to the resolution of the House of
Representatives of July 3, respecting the flogging
of a civil ian by order of Colonel Dodge, at Fort Sedg-
wick, I have the honor to state that there being no
information in the Department on the subject the
resolution was referred to General Grant, by whom
the following report has been made:
"No official information of the flogging of acivil-
ian at Fort Sedgwick has been received at these
headquarters. On the 28th June, 1867, a newspaper
slip containing an account of the affair was-sent to
General Augur, commanding department of the
Platte, indorsed as follows:
"'Respectfully referred to General Augur for in-
vestigation. If the newspaper statement is found
correct, General Augur will order the trial by gen-
eral court-martial of tha offender; otherwise the
statement will be contradicted.'
"Immediately on its receipt the report of General
Augur will be transmitted to the Secretary of War.
"U. S. GRANT, General."
Your obedient servant.
EDWIAT M. STANTON',
Secretary of liar.
Hon. ponntler Colfax.
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
The communication was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
RECONSTRUCTION APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. WILSON', of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that
the committee had examined and found truly
enrolled a joint resolution (H. R. No. 71) to
carry into effect the several acts providing for
the more efficient government of the rebel
States; when the Speaker signed the same.
INDIAN WAR.
Mr, WJLNDOM. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-
mous consent to introduce a bill amendatory
to the act making appropriations to supply de-
ficiences in the appropriations for the con-
tingent expenses of the Senate of the United
States for the fiscal vear ending the 30th June.
1867, and for other purposes, and to make a
brief explanation of the purpose sought to be
accomplished. , , .
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the bill will be re-
ported to the House before any action is taken
^The* SPEAKER. The bill is not yet before
the House. , . .
Mr. WINDOM. Mr. Speaker, the object ot
the bill is to repeal the following clause of an
act approved March 29, 1867:
"And all laws allowingthe President, the Secretary
of the Interior, orthe Commissioner ot Indian Attairs
to enter into treaties with any Indian tribes are here-
by repealed, and no expense shall be hereafter in-
curred in negotiating a treaty with any Indian tribe
until an appropriation authorizing such expense shall
be first made by law."
I desire to repeal this clause of the act and
to state my reasons for it. I have reliable
authority for saying that the chief of the Army
has made the statement that we are now
expending in this Indian war $1,000,000 per
week, and that we have in _ the fieU about
six thousand men. Now, sir, if this war is
to be continued, as it is now being waged,
until the next session of Congress, I venture
the assertion that we will be called upon next
December to appropriate at least $50,000,000
to pay its cost. At the same time that a war
of this magnitude is being waged we havo
upon our statute-books a law which prohibits
anybody making a treaty of peace under any
circumstances whatever. No matter if every
hostile Indian upon the Plains shall come in
and ask to lay down their arms and abide by
the terms that we may dictate, I believe under
this law that no one has a right to treat with
them, and we are to continue expending money
at the rate of $1,000,000 per week.
Mr. Speaker, if we were to expend more
than that perhaps the Government could stand
this luxury for a year or two; but General
Sherman, on the 17th of June, 1867, writes
from Port McPherson, Nebraska, to the Sec-
retary of War as follows:
"My opinion is if fifty Indians are allowed to
remain between the Arkansas and the Platte we will
havo to guard every stage station, every train, and
all railroad working parties; in other words, fifty
hostile Indians will checkmate three thousand sol-
diers."
He was deemed insane in the early part of
the war for saying that it would require two
hundred thousand troops to hold Kentucky in
the Union, but it was afterward proved he was
was correct.
I believe, sir, that he is right in this esti-
mate, and that fifty hostile Indians upon the
Plains will hold in check three thousand sol-
diers. That being the case, those now hostile
can put into the field three thousand warriors;
and if General Sherman is correct, in order to
conquer those three thousand warriors we will
have to put into the field one hundred and
eighty thousand men. But perhaps that is an
exaggeration.
The Comanohes and their affiliated tribes will
soon be compelled to join the hostile bands, for
though a portion of them are anxious to make
peace there is no one authorized to treat with
them. I will be more moderate, and say that
it will require before the war is ended fifty
thousand soldiers: and I firmly believe, sir,
that twice fifty thousand soldiers cannot sub-
due them.
Mr. CHANLER. I ask the gentleman to
state to the House in what condition, by the
taking away of all treaty-making power, the
country is now left? I ask him whether the
present great difficulty does not arise altogether
from the taking away of that treaty-making
Sower with these Indians from the proper
department?
Mr. WINDOM. I believe so, and have just
so stated. I have endeavored in my opening
remarks to state the condition of the country
so far as these hostile Indians are concerned.
I repeat, sir, that no one is authorized to treat
with them; and I was about saying that fifty
thousand troops would be hardly sufficient to
conquer them.
Now, if it requires one million per week at
present to carry on the war with six thousand
soldiers in the field—and we shall soon require
fifty thousand, which is a moderate estimate
of the probable cost; I ask gentlemen to look
at the figures for themselves: seven_ millions
per week or one million per day will be re-
quired before the end of the next six months
to carry on this most unnecessary war.
Mr. CHANLER. I would ask the gentle-
man if he proposes to bring forward at this
time any earnest proposition for peace with •
these Indians. It seems to me a war waged
without the intention of bringing peace is an
absurdity, unless you propose to annihilate the
Indian tribes. And all legislation upon this
subject will have the effect merely to put
moneyinto the hands of contractors. I do not
believe the gentlemen having charge of this
measure means anything but what is wise and
right; but I ask him if the proposition now
before the House is intended to bring about
peace with the Indian tribes?
Mr. WINDOM. The proposition I have
made is simply to remove an obstacle in mak-
ing peace. The gentleman, I apprehend, did
not hear my opening remarks.
Mr. CHANLER. I was not in the House at
the beginning ; the gentleman will excuse me.
Mr. WINDOM. We passed a bill during
the last session of the Thirty-Ninth Congress
declaring that nobody should have any power
to make peace with the Indian tribes. I want
merely to remove that obstruction, so that if
a condition of affairs shall transpire whereby
peace can be made we shall have power in
somebody's hands to make it. I have not
to-day any definite plan of peace prepared,
because I suppose the House would not act
upon any such measure at this time. But I do
desire to place in the hands of somebody the
power to make peace, if it is possible, without
expending money after this fashion.
Sir, I firmly believe this whole Indian war
might have been avoided in the first place. I
will not now go into that question, though I
would like to do so. I will only say I think
its origin was in the massacre of the Chevennes
at Sand Creek by Colonel Chivington. There
the war commenced, and from that most atro-
cious act it has grown to its present propor-
tions. The Indians were further aroused during
the last session of Congress when General Sher-
man issued an order that any Indian found
within certain boundaries, between the Platte
and Missouri rivers, without a written pass from
a military officer should be summarily dealt
with; that is to say, shot.
Now, the Indians who occupied that terri-
tory had a right, by treaty stipulation with this
Government, to hunt on that very territory;
but your military commander issued a procla-
mation that if any of them were found hunting
there they should be shot. Delegations from
all these tribes were here in this city and in
these galleries last winter, and remained here
for a month. They heard this military order
of General Sherman, and considered it a proc-
lamation of war against every Indian on the
Plains, and they are now uniting against us to
resist this declaration of war.
Another thing: General Sherman at the
same time issued an order to which I once
before called the attention of the House, and
which, on account of its unequaled atrocity,
I desire again to repeat. It was in these words:
" Wo must act with vindictive earnestness against
the Sioux, even to their extermination, men, women,
and children. Xothing eise will reach the root of the
] case."
! The Indians know that the commanding gon-
] eral of your Army in the West coolly proposes
' to murder their wives and little children, and
j they are in open resistance to that order. Are
I they not justifiable in resisting it?
| Mr. HOLMAN. I did not understand to
! what general the gentleman alluded when lie
1 read that remarkable passage called a general
order or proclamation.
Mr. WINDOM. To General Sherman.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman from
Minnesota yield to an inquiry ?
