1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
659
Mr. WINDOM. Certainly.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I agree with the gentle-
mas in reference to this question, if I under-
stand his proposition aright. I think when-
ever a great nation prosecutes a war there
should be some competent power authorized
at all times and at every step to make peace.
But I wish to inquire where the gentleman pro-
foses to vest the power to make peace with the
ndians.
Mr. WINDOM. I believe the President
has always exercised the power to do it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Does the gentleman ex-
pect he can procure from this House authority
for the present Executive to do anything of
that sort? Does he think the majority of this
House will trust the present Executive with
any such power, either in the interest of
humanity or of constitutional government ?
Mr. WINDOM. I do not introduce this
bill as a political question. I think it rises
above politics. All I desire to say is that it
leaves the question where it was before we
passed the act referred to at the close of the
Thirty-Ninth Congress. It places the power
where it has hitherto been, and leaves some-
body authorized to treat and make peace, if
peace be possible. I yield now to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Covode.]
Mr. COVODE. Mr. Speaker, I wish to say
a word upon this subject, as I believe that I am
the only member of the House who has been
out upon the Plains looking after the matter
during this summer. I was with General Sher-
man in the valley of the Platte at a time when
families who had been driven from their ranches
came to him and asked that the Government
should pay a reward for Indian scalps. At North
Platte there were several hundred men there,
and General Sherman attempted to talk to
them, but they did not want to listen to him ;
he told them that the Government would not
pay for scalps, and endeavored to allay their
bloodthirsty feeling by reasoning with them, but
it was all in vain. I have seen the difficulties
with which General Sherman has been sur-
rounded, that it would require a large number
of troops to protect the scattered population
of the Territories, that it would require almost
a regiment to protect each family. General
Sherman told them that the only security he
saw for them was for them to concentrate them-
selves, as the Government would not be able
to protect them in their present isolated posi-
tions.
Now, sir, in regard to what is best to be done
—and as the gentleman from Minnesota says,
this question is one far above political ques-
tions—I do not see, after having examined the
matter thoroughly for a considerable length of
time, any daylight unless we can accomplish
something by treating with these Indians: and
I would say, as I said to the Secretary of War
the other day, that we must have a different
class of men to treat with the Indians, or a
different class of men to fight with them, if
fight them we must. I believe that a large ma-
jority of the agents appointed go out to plun-
der the Indians; and I know that when the
Indians descended into the valley of the Platte
and drove away a large amount of stock the
soldiers sent after them did not want to follow
and fight the Indians. There is not a sufficient
number of troops out there to follow and fight
all the Indians when they come to be collected
together. We do not know where, if ever, we
are going to meet the united forces of the hos-
tile Indians; and if we are going to fight with
them we must have a largely increased army.
I listened to the plea made by a portion of the
Indian tribes now on the warpath. They claim
that the country between the Platte and the
Arkansas was assigned to them as a hunting-
ground, but that we have come there to build
railroads and establish settlements, thus driv-
ing away the buffaloes; and while they admit
that there is no use in their trying to fight us,
they say distinctly that they may as well be
killed in war as starved to death. These are
the statements of the peaceable portions^of the
tribes now upon the war path, and it is impos-
sible for us to wage war against those tribes
when our own people have been the aggressors.
There are such difficulties surrounding the
question that it is almost impossible to decide
what is best to be done. My opinion is, that
if the Government would send out men to
them who would neither steal nor murder, we
might withdraw our army. You may send out
five times as many troops as you have yet done,
but you cannot thereby prevent murders such
as have occurred in the frontier settlements
and upon those engaged in constructing the
great Pacific railroads. The Indians know
where our troops are and they do not go there,
but they destroy life, capture property, and
drive off stock at points where they know we
have no troops. 1 know that it is utterly use-
less to expect the regular troops to follow and
punish the Indians, and recapture the stolen
property. If you want to fight the Indians,
you must employ frontier men, who will follow
them. The troops of the regular Army will not
do that; they will only follow them out of
sight, in obedience to the orders of their supe-
riors.
I said to General Sherman that there can-
not possibly be any glory for him in such a war,
and the sooner it is off his hands the better.
I take occasion now to say that it is yet
within the power of the Government to treat
with those Indians and induce them to lay
down their arms. But this must be accom-
plished through the medium of men who
understand the Indian character, men who
are worthy of confidence. If men be sent
there as a reward for party services or polit-
ical infidelity, they endeavor to steal all they
can from the Indians, as they know they can
hold their positions for only a brief period.
Hence they seek to make fortunes while they
have the chance.
Mr. Speaker, the cheapest solution to these
troubles is in the prompt construction of the
Union Pacific railroad to the Pacific ocean. As
it now presses on toward the Roeky mountains
it drives the frontier ahead and dispenses with
the use of forts and troops, while it affords the
emigrants a base along which they can settle
and form their own defenses for the future, as
the Indian makes war only upon isolated set-
tlers and gives the iron horse a wide margin.
The expense of keeping one regiment on the
Plains for a year will build a hundred miles of
railroad. Let the Government aid the Pacific
railroads by indorsing their bonds liberally,
for they will settle this question more rapidly
and more certainly than any means I have yet
been able to discover.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Min-
nesota [Mr. WindomJ obtained consent to
make a brief statement. The Chair thinks the
time allowed is exhausted, unless the House
extends it. The gentleman asks unanimous
consent to introduce a bill entitled "An act
amendatory of an act making appropriations
to supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
contingent expenses of the Senate of the Uni-
ted States for the fiscal year ending June 30, i
1867, and for other purposes.''
The bill, which was read for information,
provides for the repeal of the following clause
of the sixth section of the act named in the
title:
"And alllaws allowing the President, the Secretary
of the Interior, or the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
to enter into treaties with any Indian tribes are
hereby repealed, and no expense shall hereafter be
incurred in negotiating a treaty with any Indian
tribe until an appropriation .tuthorizing such expense
shall be first made by law.
There being no objection, the bill was intro-
duced. and read a first and second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. WINDOM. I call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for a few moments.
Mr. WINDOM. I will do so.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise for the
purpose of expressing the hope that this bill
will be passed, not because I think it is in
principle the best measure that we could de-
vise, but because I think it the best that can be
adopted in the existing juncture of affairs.
There is now no power "to arrest this Indian
war by treaty. I would give such power, and
if possible arrest it. It is a war that can do
our country no good nor add any glory to our
arms, while it may disgrace us. It can only
be arrested by treaty, and I am in favor of thus
bringing it to a close.
. I rise also to throw out an idea which I hope
will meet the concurrence of members gener-
ally, that our whole system of dealing with the
Indians ought to be changed, and to express
the hope that at the next session such a change
will be consummated. Our present system of
treating with the Indians as tribes, maintaining
foreign nations in our midst, is a system by
which the Government and the Indians are
swindled and wars created. Were we to deal
with the Indians as families and as individuals
—were we to extend to them the benefits of the
homestead law, and disburse no more money
than we now spend in annuities in furnishing
seeds, implements, and stock to those who
would adopt the pursuits of agriculture—we
should find that many thousands of our Indians
could be made good citizens, and would be-
come protectors of our railroads, interested in
our carrying trade, and be gradually absorbed
in our community.
My object is accomplished in bringing this
idea to the attention of the House and avowing
the purpose at the commencement of the next
session to propose such modification of our
Indian system as shall reject the idea of the
existence of tribes and nations, and bringing
the influence of the Government to bear on
individuals and families.
Mr. WINDOM demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
wasaccordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WINDOM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that when the
House adjourns to-day it adjourn to met on
Wednesday next. I think we will accomplish
nothing by meeting here to-morrow.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
eighteen, nOes not counted.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Eldridgt: and
Mr. Lawrexce of Ohio were appointed.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 44, noes 45.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 40, nays 63, not voting
G7; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Archer, James M. Ash-
ley, Barnes, Bingham, Blair, Boyer.Buckland, Burr,
Driggs, Eldridge, Fields, Getz, Glossbreimer, Ham-
ilton, Holman, Asahel W. Hubbard. Chester D. Hub-
bard, Judd. Kerr, Koontz, Loan, Marshall, Marvin,
Mercer, Morgan, Mungen, Niblaek, Noell, Phelps,
Polsley, Randall, Robinson, Sawyer, Stone, Thomas,
Van Aernam. Van An ken, Ward, and Henry I).
Washburn—40.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Baker, Baldwin,
Beaman, Benton, Boutwell, Bromwell, Churchill,
Cobb. Cornell.Covode. Dawes, Dixon. Donnelly, Fer-
riss, Ferry, Finney, Hill, Hunter, Ingersoli, Jenckes,
Kelley, Kelsey, William Lawrence, Logan, Medm-jr,
Moore, Moorhead, Myers, Newcomb, O'Xoill, Paine,
Perliam, Pike, Pile, Plants, Poland, Price, Raum.
Robertson. Boss,Scofietd,Shanks. Sitgreaves,Smith,
Starkweather, Aaron F. Stevens,Taylor, Trowbrid-re,
Twiehell, Hurt Van Horn. Robert T. Van Horn, Cnd-
walader C. Washburn, William B. Washburn, IVcl-
ker, Thomas Williams, William Williams, Jame« F,
Wilson. John T. Wilson. Stephen F. Wilson, Win-
dom. and Woodbridi?e—63.
XOT VOTIXG—Messrs. Adams, DelosFi. Ashley,
Banks, Benjamin, Blaine. Brooks, Broomall, Buiki,
Cake, Chanler, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Coburn, Cook, Cullom, Dodge, Eeklev, Eggluston,
Ela, Eliot, Farnsworth, Fox, Garfield, Gravely, Oris-
