660
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
July 16,
wold, Haicht, Halsey, Harding, Hayes, Hooper,,
Hopkins, Hotchljiss, Hulljurd, Humphrey, Julian,
Keteham, Kitchen, Laflin, George V. Lawrence.
Lincoln, Louehridge. Lynch, Mallory, McCarthy,
McCullough, Miller, Morrell, Morrissey, Nicholson,
Orth, Peters, Pomeroy, Pruyn, Schenok, Selye, Shel-
labarger, Spalding, Thaddeus Stevens, Stewart,
Taber, 1'affe, Upson, Van Trump, VanWyck, and
ffobd-57.
So the motion was
to.
kentucky, maryland, and delaware.
Mr. ARCHER and Mr. PHELPS stated
that if they had, been present when the vote"
was taken on Mr. Kelsey's resolution they
would have voted in the negative, and that
they would favor the motion to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was referred when
it came up.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to adjourn.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, asked that
the motion to adjourn be withdrawn until he
could submit a bill for paying mileage for this
session.
Mr. SCOFIELD declined to yield.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at four o'clock and ten minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &e., were presented under
the rules, andreferred to theappropriate committees:
By the SPEAKER: The petition of W. D. Pear-
sail, of Kewansville, North Carolina, asking for res-
toration to full rights of citizenship.
By Mr. BANKS: The memorial of James M. San-
dige,of Louisiana, for the removal of political disabil-
ities imposed upon him and his father, Garrett L. San-
dige, seventy-seven years of age, a soldier of the
late war with Great Britain, by the several acts of
Congress for the reconstruction of government in
the rebel States.
By Mr. KELLEY: The petition of citizens of the
fourth ward of the city of Washington, praying Con-
gress to strike from the city charter tho property
qualification and the word white, so that there shall
be no distinction on account of color in the qualifi-
cation for holding office.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, July 16, 1867.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. HENDRICKS presented a petition of
Daniel Sigler, register of the land office at
Natchitoches, Louisiana, praying the passage
of a law whereby tho people of that district
may reenter the same lands at $1 25 per acre
which they entered under the confederate rule
at twenty-five cents per acre; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of dis-
charged soldiers, praying for the speedy pay-
ment of the bounty under the act of July 28,
1866; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. SUMNER. I present a petition of Ann
Augusta Pinckney, in which she represents that
she is the widow of the late Charles Pinckney,
for ten years secretary of the United States
legation at the court of St. Petersburgh, the'
second son of the late Mr. Pinckney, Senator
of the United States and minister at several
courts; that she is the mother also of two sons
who died from wounds in the war, that she is
poor, without means of support, and she asks
that Congress take into consideration her cir-
cumstances, her sons' and her late husband's,
and give her a pension. The case as I under-
stand it is without any precedent. I ask that
the petition be referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
so referred, if there be no objection.
Mr. SUMNER. I also offer the petition of
D. E. E. Braman, of the county of Matagorda,
in Texas, asking to be reinstated in all his
rights as a loyal American citizen under the
powers reserved to Congress by the constitu-
tional amendment.
I also offer a similar petition from Samuel
S. Houston, of Mobile, Alabama, with accom-
Par,J5ng papers and recommendations setting
forth his merits as a loyal citizen, asking a res-
toration to his privileges as an American cit-
izen. I move the reference of these two peti-
tions to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
equal rights in the district.
Mr. SUMNER. I also offer a petition of
citizens of the fourth ward of Washington, in
which they set forth a grievance to which they
are exposed under the existing charter of the
city of Washington, to the effect that, though
there is a large number of colored voters in
the city, yet by the terms of the charter colored
persons are excluded from holding office.
They ask that those words of the charter shall
be removed, and they also ask that the prop-
erty qualification in the charter shall be struck
out. I move the reference of this petition to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. If it is in order now, I
desire to introduce a bill in part to carry out
the prayer of the petition which I last pre-
sented. I send the bill to the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there
be no objection, the bill will be received and
read the first time.
The bill (S. No. 137) for the further security
of equal rights in the District of Columbia
was read twice by its title.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to have it
read at length. It is only one short section.
The Chief Clerk read the bill, which pro-
poses to declare that in the District of Colum-
bia no person shall be excluded from any office
by reason of race or color, and to repeal all
laws making any such discrimination.
Mr. SUMNER. I would ask the Senate to
proceed with the consideration of that bill now
by unanimous consent. I think there can be
no objection to it. It is simply to carry out
what I believe in the Senate is understood to
be the effect of the existing legislation, but
which practically does not seem to be its effect.
At the late election in the District it was under-
stood that by the existing term^of the charter
colored persons could not be qualified as alder-
men or as common councilmen or as assessors;
and on examining the charter which I have on
my desk now, I find that by its terms, strictly
construed, it is so—that these offices are con-
fined to free white persons. By our legislation
all persons, without distinction of color, can
be voters, but nothing is said about their being
office-holders. For one I should not doubt
that under the Constitution and particularly
after the recent legislation, the existing dis-
crimination adverse to colored persons would
be void; but practically it is not so regarded;
and I submit, therefore, that it is proper in
Congress to brush it away. I think there can
be no objection to doing so.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator asks unanimous consent to consider this
bill now. Is there any objection?
Mr. BUCKALEW. I have no particular
objection to the consideration of this bill as a
special measure; but I do not see how we can
object to any other bill if no objection be made
to the introduction of this. I believe I must
object.
Mr. SUMNER. I asked unanimous con-
sent. I put it on that ground.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Yes, I understand.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made 
Mr. SUMNER. It is withdrawn, is it not?
Mr. BUCKALEW. I object.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I give notice that I
shall endeavor to call up the bill to-morrow.
relief of deserters.
Mr. WILSON. Iam instructed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia to
report back the bill which was referred to them
yesterday (H. R. No. 108) for the relief of
certain volunteer soldiers and sailors therein
designated, with an amendment striking out
the preamble, and striking out all after the
enacting clause of the bill and inserting a sub- j
stitute. I ask for the consideration of the bill
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts asks the unanimous
consent of the Senate to consider the bill
named by him at this time. Is there any objec-
tion ? The Chair hears no objection. The
bill is before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole. It is proposed to amend the bill by
striking out the preamble, and also by striking
out all after the enacting clause and inserting
the words which will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the words proposed to
be inserted, as follows:
That no soldier or sailor shall bo taken or held to
he a deserter from the Army or Navy who faithfully
served according to his enlistment until the 19th day
of April, 1865, and who without proper authority or
leave first obtained, did quit his command or refuse
to serve after said date: butnothingherein contained
shall operate as a remission of any forfeiture in-
curred by any such soldier or sailor of his pay,
bounty, pension, or other allowances; but this act
shall be construed solely as a removal of any disabil-
ity such soldier or sailor may have incurred by the
loss of his citizenship in consequence of his desertion.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I thought the bill that
was up was the bill offered by the Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Stjmner.] The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Buckalew,] I
understand, withdrew his objection, and when
it was again asked if there was objection, I
thought it was with reference to that bill. As
that bill was the line of business here I did not
choose to make an objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This is the
bill which was yesterday referred to the Mili-
tary Committee.
Mr. SUMNER. As soon as this bill is out
of the way I will call mine up.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Is this bill printed ?
Mr. WILSON. No, sir. We propose to
strike out the whole of the long bill that came
from the House and insert a brief section which
is very clear and plain. I hope the Secretary
will read it again.
Mr. POMEROY. Why is the date of April
19, 1865, fixed?
Mr. WILSON. Because that date was in
the House bill, and that is the date of the sur-
render of Johnston's army.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to the present consideration of
the bill? The Chair hears none. It is before
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole, and
the question is on the amendment reported by
the Committee on Military Affairs.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I am
not, and was not at the time, in favor of the
punishment of stripping a party of his citizen-
ship of the country because he may have de-
serted from the service; and I offer an amend-
ment, as an additional section to the bill, to
repeal that provision of law in the following
words:
And be it further enacted, That section twenty-one
of an act entitled "An act to amend the several acts
heretofore passed to provide for enrolling and calling
out the national forces, and for other purpose?,"
approved March 3, 1865, be, and the same is hereby,
repealed.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is that section?
Mr. HENDRICKS. A section that found
its way most unnaturally into one of the laws
providing for the draft, filling up the armies.
It is in this language:
" That in addition to the other lawful penalties of
tho crime of desertion fiom tho military or naval
service, all persons who hare deserted the military
or naval service of tho United States, who shall not
return to said servieu or report theuiselvts to a
provost wai-dial within sixty days alter the proc-
lamation hereinafter mentioned, shall bo deemed
and taken to have voluntarily relinquished and
forfeited their rights of cituen&hip and their rights
to become citizens ■ and such deserters shall bo
forever incapable of holding any office of trust, or
profit under the United States; or of exercisingany
rights of citizens thereof; and all persons who shall
hereafter desert the military or naval service, and
all persons who, being duly enrolled, shall dcpurt
the jurifdietion of the district in which he i« en-
rolled, or go beyond the limits of tho United States
with intent to avoid any draft into the military or
naval service, duly ordered, shall be liable to tho
penalties of this section. And the President is hereby
authorized and required ionhwith, 011 the passage
oi' this act, to issue his proclamation setting forth tho
provisions of this soction, in which proclamation
