1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
661
the President is requested to notify all deserters re-
turning within sixty days as aforesaid that they shall
be pardoned on condition of returning to their regi-
ments and companies or to such other organizations
as they may be assigned to, until they shall have
served for a'period of time ectual to their original
term of enlistment."
I think that section ought to be repealed.
The purpose of it was to secure the efficient
execution of the law authorizing the draft. It
was a provision for the exigencies of the ser-
vice during the war; now that peace has come
I do not think it ought to continue. Practi-
cally there have been troubles under this law.
In the State of Indiana the constitution says
that citizens of the United States and persons
who have declared their intention to become
citizens shall be voters. The question has
never gone to the courts, or to the supreme
court at least, in that State, as it has in the
State of Pennsylvania, whether this penalty can
attach prior to a conviction. To my own mind,
it is very clear that no penalty for a crime can
attach until the guilt of the party has been
ascertained as required by law. It would
seem to me that the decision of the supreme
court .of Pennsylvania was very clearly right
upon that question. But some of the election
boards hold that it may be inquired into by
them ; and in a'most unsatisfactory way, with-
out the possibility of trying the question prop-
erly, they examine whether a man has been a
deserter, and pass upon it. Anybody will see
that that is unsatisfactory and ought not to be
the case. Where the party has been convicted,
and there is a record of the fact, there is no
difficulty about it. Where there has been no
proceeding it is a very unsatisfactory examina-
tion, as everyone will admit, and it ought not
to be thus left. The War Department leaves
it permanently in that position. The War
Department has decided to prosecute no per-
son since the return of peace for desertion.
The necessities of the service do not require
it; the peace and quiet of the country do not
require it; and therefore they prosecute
nobody. On one occasion I applied to the
Department for the pardon of a person who
had left the service under excusable circum-
stances, as I thought. The reply made was
that a pardon was not necessary, that the
Department did not contemplate the prosecu-
tion of anybody; therefore it was in reality
useless to trouble them on the subject. On
that ground it was declined.
As the Department having charge of this
sort of questions has decided that it is not
good policy to press to conviction those men
who during the war left the service, I think
Congress ought not to leave a statute which
brings up troublesome and unnecessary ques-
tions in the country.
Mr. President, I never was so impressed
with the kindness of heart of President Lin-
coln as upon one occasion when I applied to
him to relieve from the penalties of a convic-
tion a young man from my State who had been
found guilty of desertion under circumstances
that appealed to the kindness as well as to the
justice of the Executive. He said to me that
his interference by the pardon of deserters was
a subject of a good deal of embarrassment to
him ; that if he pardoned them the command-
ers said to him that he was disturbing the
service; but,-said he, "I know how tins is.
Young fellows who have lived at home all
their lives under the excitement of the limes
go into the Army; they do not understand
much of its hardships, do not appreciate the
step they are taking; they go into the service,
and after they are away from home a little
while they become homesick, and they, not
thinking of the disregard of duty, start off
home:''' and, said he, "whenever there comes
to my knowledge any such ease as that I do
r.ot allow them to be shot." He pointed me
to where ho had in a pigeon-hole a very large
number of sentences that he held up, and he
said he was not going to allow the sen-
tences to be executed, but would leave them
for the time being in that condition as an
admonition to others as well as themselves,
detaining them in the service with their posi-
tion as it then was until he could aet without
embarrassment to the service. Nothing that
he ever said to me impressed me more favor-
ably toward him as a man and as an officer
than that conversation. And, sir, in the spirit
of that conversation I submit the amendment
that is now presented. I know of cases in
which parties left the service, even before the
close of the war1, under circumstances that
would appeal, if the question ever came to a
trial, very strongly to the sympathies and to
the sense of justice of any court or of any
Executive.
But the reason mainly, Mr. President, why
I offer this amendment is, that I think a statute
which causes embarrassment in the country,
and is not required any longer as the War
Department has decided, by refusing to prose-
cute anybody under it, ought not longer to
stand on the statute-book. The service is not
embarrassed by its repeal; no wrong is done.
The war is now over. There is no need of
having any class of people in our midst stripped
of their citizenship. We have been_ adding
these two years very largely to the citizenship
of the country, and it is not necessary that this
section, which places a large number of people
in an uncertain condition in the eyes of the
law, shall longer continue, and I think a pro-
vision repealing it may well be added to this
bill. I ask for the yeas and nays on the amend-
ment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONKLING. Let the amendment be
read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will say that it does
not prevent the punishment, of desertion under
the Articles of War; it leaves it to be punished
just as it was punished prior to the act of 1865.
That act simply strips them of their citizenship,
and that is what I propose to repeal. The law
was passed March 3, 1865, just at the close of
the war.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will my friend from
Indiana please read the scetion that it is pro-
posed to repeal?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I suppose no one will
claim that this ought to have a retrospective
effect. It was at the close of the war, but a
month before the surrender, the 3d of March,
and yet it does reach to some persons. The
section is:
"That in addition to the other lawfnl penalties of
the crime of desertion from the military or naval
service, all persons who have deserted the military
or naval service of the United States, who shall not
return to said service or report themselves to a pro-
vost-marshal within sixtydaysafter the proclamation
hereinafter mentioned, shall bedeemed and taken to
have voluntarily relinquished and forfeited their
rights of citizenship and their rights to become citi-
zens; and such deserters shall be forever incapable
of holding any office of trust or profit under the
United States, or of exercising any rights of citizens
thereof; and all persons who shall hereafter desert
the military or naval service, and all persons who,
being duly enrolled, shall depart the jurisdiction of
the district in which he is enrolled, or to go beyond
the limits of the United State", with intent to avoid
any draft into the military or naval service, duly
ordered, shall be liable to the penalties of this sec-
tion."
I submit to Senators that the latter provision
could not be enforced in a military court, as I
think a party before lie is drafted, is not a sol-
dier ; and if he goes away to avoid a draft the
punishment must be enforced in the civil
courts.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Has not the Supreme
Court decided the other way in a case from
Pennsylvania some years ago ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. No, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think they have.
Mr. HENDRICKS. On that point the
supreme court of Pennsylvania decided that a
man was not to be held a deserter unless he was
convicted as such.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Supreme Court of
the United States have held that such men
might be tried by a military tribunal on the
ground that they "were in the military service,
and they could therefore if they were in the
military service commit a military crime.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Men who were not
drafted at all?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Where they had been
enrolled and escaped in order to avoid being
called upon to perform military service.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The language of the
law is " who being duly enrolled shall -depart
the jurisdiction." This law was passed, as I
said, shortly before the close of the war. It
has not a very general operation, I suppose. I
do not. know what number of cases would
come within its provisions; perhaps not a very
large number. The desertions that took place
were really most of them during the earlier
part of the war, as I understand, perhaps in
1861, 1862, and 1863.
Mr. JOHNSON. Are they covered by it?
Mr. HENDRICKS. They would not be cov-
ered by it, of course, because they mainly
returned to the service before that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But it would operate
prospectively npon them, giving them sixty
days to return.
Sir. HENDRICKS. But let me submit the
facts to the Senator ; this law was passed on
Lhe 8d of March, 1865 ; then some time after
that I believe there was a proclamation issued;
I am not sure whether the President did issue
the proclamation pursuant to this law or not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There was one.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That would bring it
to the latter part of March or the first of
April, and then the proclamation allowing
sixty days, they would be called upon to return
after the close of the war. This bill itself re-
lieves parties who actually deserted from the
ranks after the close of the war. This provis-
ion would operate only upon those that did not
return after the close of the war. There was
no injury in that, no wrong in that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There would be no great
danger in their returning then.
Mr. HENDRICKS. There are just two
classes that this section operates upon, it hav-
ing been passed just immediately before the
close of the war, first, those who did not return
under the proclamation of the President. I
wish I knew the exact time when that procla-
mation was issued; but it must have been some
time after the passage of the law, and they
were called upon to return within sixty days,
so that their return would be after peace had
come, at least after the surrender, after the
time mentioned in the bill that is now upon the
table. That class comes within the principle,
and all the others would be such as may have
deserted from the 3d of March up to the close
of the war. I do not propose to relieve them
from all penalties, as this bill does the others,
but I simply propose to relieve them from the
loss of their citizenship. Does any Senator
believe it is better to keep in this country any
class of men stripped of citizenship? It has
not been the doctrine of the Senate in regard
to another race. I have not agreed with the
majority on that question, for reasons, how-
ever. that do not apply here; but a very broad
sentiment has extended over an entire race
because it was held that it was better that the
people living in this country should be citizens.
Now, as there are so few that this law can
operate upon, and as it is a mischievous ques-
tion. and the Courts have not yet decided upon
it, I think we had better repeal it.
Mr. WILSON. I suppose the Senator from
Indiana understands that his proposition does
not relieve these men from cfesertion and all
the responsibilities of desertion. They are
deserters still.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON. It simply relieves them from
the loss of citizenship.
Mr. HENDRICKS. They are liable to
every punishment for desertion, to every disa-
abilitv, and every loss except, that. If this
section be repealed, they will not be stripped
of citizenship.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is entirely true that it
does not relieve them from the penalties of
desertion; but we understand perfectly, as has
been stated by some Senator, that the idea of
