662
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
punishing a man for desertion in the late war
is entirely gone by; the prosecutions have been
discontinued; the Department does not think
it worth while to undertake to go over the hun-
dreds and thousands of cases of men who, dis-
affected toward their country, and sympathiz-
ing with the rebellion, have either deserted
from the ranks after they got into them or ran
away to avoid being brought in at all. When
there were thousands of such disloyal and
unpatriotic citizens—I hope very few in Indi-
ana, which is a gallant State, but perhaps
some, from the interest my friend takes in it—•
Congress declared to these persons, "If you
will return within sixty days, your previous
offenses shall be forgiven ; we will have a spe-
cies of military amnesty extending to a certain
limited extent, if you will come back to the
service of your country; we give you time to
repent and to reconsider of this greatest crime
that a citizen ean commit against his country
next to actual treason, and that is a cowardly
and disloyal refusal to fight and peril his life
in her defense." Very well. Now, within the
sixty days many did return, undoubtedly, es-
pecially as thirty of the sixty days were when
there was no further personal danger, the war
being over. I think we may take it, therefore,
that all returned who had any special senti-
ment which might be supposed to animate the
breast of a citizen to show some respect to his
duty toward his country.
Now, then, there are still left out under the
prohibition of this act a certain other class,
who, having set their duty as citizens at defi-
ance, having betrayed their fellow-soldiers by
leaving them, as Irishmen say, "in the gap, "
and running away from the field or having run
away to avoid the-draft—all that class of per-
sons refusing the clemency of the Government
and still staying away and not coming forward,
are simply deprived of the right to exercise the
political privilege of citizenship. I take it they
may still sue in the courts, because aliens can
do that.
If a respectable foreigner comes into the
country who is not a citizen, while we receive
him we do not allow him to become a citizen
until he shall have resided five years in the
country; and he must not only have resided
five years in the country, but during all that
time he must have led a virtuous and patriotic
life. That is required also. He must not
show sympathy with the enemies of the coun-
try ; he must not undertake to evade the
responsibilities that fall upon a denizen as well
as a citizen ; and when he shall have complied'
with that provision we receive him into citi-
zenship.
Now my friend from Indiana says that it is
a hard case, indeed—hard, I take it, toward
the^ millions of men who actually stood up to
their duty—that these deserters and cowards
and runaways, half traitors, should have been
kept out of the privilege of voting for him or
for me for a period of more than two years.
It is now two years since the war closed. I
think they can afford to wait the other three,
to say the least of it.
Besides, this amendment has no cognate rela-
tion to the bill itself, as my friend from Indi-
ana supposes. The bill proceeds upon the
hypothesis that it is to operate only upon a
class of men who honestly and in good faith,
but with a mistaken view of their rights, after
having fought through to the close, went home
without leave, which at the most would be a
mere technical desertion. I do not think it
would be that. This amendment proposes to
restore to their political privileges as citizens
a body of men who, so far as we know, have no
excuse whatever for their refusal to do their
duty to their country. That is the distinction.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, I rec-
ollect very well the occasion when this law
was passed. I remember that a division Was
not called upon it, that there was a general
acquiescence in its enactment, although there
were some doubts, and very grave doubts,
about the authority of Congress to enact a law
disfranchising any portion of the citizens of
this country, and to do it upon a conviction
by a military tribunal. It was then regarded,
however, as a useful measure in order to
induce persons who were derelict to return
to the Army. The leading and controlling
motive, I think, as then stated by the Senator
from Massachusetts, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, was to induce those
men to return, to get men to fill up the ranks
and to carry on the struggle in which we were
then engaged. It was intended as a measure
of intimidation to meet the exigencies and
necessities of the time, and there was not very
particular attention paid to the questron of
our power to disfranchise citizens of-the Uni-
ted States, nor to the propriety of the unusual
and very extreme punishment provided by the
law.
I know that that was my view. Although I
had grave doubts about this legislation, I sat
quiet and acquiesced in it, because I supposed
it would be but temporary in its duration, and
that it would meet the requirement of that occa-
sion in bringing back to the Army men who had
departed from it under circumstances of varied
character, and bring men in who had not
responded to the draft. But, sir, I then looked
forward to the conclusion of the war and to our
repeal of the law when the necessities which
brought it into existence no longer pressed upon
the counsels of the Government. That time
has arrived.
Now, let me call the attention of the Senate,
for a short time, to some considerations which,
in my judgment, appeal to them with imperative
force in favor of the repeal of this act of 1865.
By a prior law all cases of desertion were to be
heard before courts-martial, and in case of the
draft persons who were found or arrested by
the military authorities were to be sent at once
for trial to the nearest post ; their cases were
to be heard by courts-martial and fche judgment
of the law pronounced. That was the mode of
trial provided by the law, and it attached to this
enactment of 1865, and covered all cases which
might arise under it.
Now, sir, there are no such tribunals organ-
ized. There are no trials going on in the
country, and have not been for two years.
There was a general order of the War Depart-
ment suspending all proceedings by the mili-
tary authorities in cases of this kind. What is
the consequence? Here you have your enroll-
ment lists as they were made up in the different
districts in the country ; they are in existence,
and they show an enormous number of names
of men who are alleged to be deserters, and
there is no mode of trying them, no mode of
investigating their cases. It is perfectly well
known that probably half the names upon those
lists are there incorrectly. They are either
blunders of the enrollment boards, or they are
cases of men who had some legal excuse, who
could have made a legal defense if they had
been called upon at the proper time to respond
to the demand of the Government upon them.
Why, sir, there are thousands of cases upon
those rolls of this character; cases of men who
were drawn in the draft, and who did not res-
pond for one reason and another, and who are
recorded as having failed in their duty to the
Government, and yet they were men who were
drawn in subsequent drafts and actually went
into the service, or they were men who enlisted
and served in the Army, or they were men
who went as substitutes, and thus rendered
equal service to the Government. A very large
percentage of these deserters' lists are made up
of the names of men who actually performed
service for the Government under one or the
other of the circumstances which I have men-
tioned.
Now, sir, I need not go over a great variety
of other cases which existed where the party,
if he had been called upon at the proper time,
could have made defense under some provision
of the existing law. I know one case of a man
fresh from the Pennsylvania State Lunatic
Asylum, who was reported upon one of these
lists ; no notice was served upon him or any-
body else; he was carried off and tried before
a military tribunal at Harrisburg, and put in a
prison, and under the sentence passed upon
him he was loaded down with a ball and chain—■
an insane man. The case was heard rapidly,
summarily; nobody appeared for him ; the
court did not know that he was insane ; they
asked him some questions; he gave some absurd
replies, and they supposed he was an incorrigi-
ble offender. It was necessary to appeal to
the President in that ease and have the man
pardoned, in order to discharge him from his
prison and from bonds.
The cases of .error in those lists and the
cases where there was a legal defense of the
party at the time are innumerable; but the
Government provides no mode by which these
lists may be investigated, by which they may
be purged of error and injustice, and by which
the rights of the citizen maybe maintained—his
legal and reasonable rights. A man who did
not respond to the draft, or a man whose name
is incorrectly upon these lists cannot have his
case heard; he cannot organize a military tri-
bunal to hear it, he cannot make his defense.
There he stands condemned so far as that rec-
ord is concerned, and with no opportunity of
trial; he cannot even go to the President and
get a pardon, although he_ may have a merit-
orious case, because there is no conviction.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will my friend allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. BUCKALEW. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why under this state of
hardship has not my friend from Pennsylvania
before this time brought forward a measure
which should relieve the innocent, while it still
left the guilty to suffer the consequences of
their crimes ?
Mr. BUCKALEW. Well, sir, if I brought
forward a measure providing courts for the
trial of all these cases through the country, the
Senator from Vermont and other members of
the Senate might have occasion to laugh in
my face at the idea of expending the enormous
amount of money that would be necessary to
effect the object in view. The Government
cannot undertake that business. The War
Department made a very proper order after
the war was over and the necessities of the
public service had passed by, and when it
would have been extremely unreasonable and
extremely oppressive upon the Treasury to
proceed with an investigation of these cases ;
the Department acted very reasonably in issu-
ing this order, underlie authority of the Presi-
dent.
Now, sir, as the whole country knows the
complication of cases upon these lists, the infi-
nite variety of them, the known fact that a
large percentage of them, perhaps a majority
of them, are cases where the Government would
have no case if there was an actual hearing, and
considering also the fact that there is no mode
provided for the trial and examination of these
cases, and no redress even to the party by ap-
peal to the President of the United States for
a pardon, you have a clear case made out for
the repeal of the act of 18S5, especially in view
of the argument already made by the Senator
from Indiana, that all the usual punishments
provided by law for desertion would still con-
tinue in'full force.
The bill itself brings to our attention a class
of very interesting cases from the State of
Ohio, and possibly from other States, and the
merit of the proposition contained in the bill
cannot be disputed; and yet in point of law,
in point of technical law, perhaps, that class
of cases is one to which punishment should be
applied much more than to some others not
j covered by the bill. There seems to be no
question that in point of law a large number
of persons did desert after the war was over.
Why do you repeal the law as to them ? Because
as to them the law is not now founded upon
public policy; it is good policy to withdraw
this peculiar statute, passed under peculiar cir-
cumstances, and allow the ordinary laws that
prevail in relation to desertions in the Army
of the United States to resume their operation.
Mr. POMEROY. I am ready to accopt the
