1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
663
substitute which the committee have reported
as being better than nothing, and perhaps it
will answer the purpose. I felt particularly
interested in this matter, because to my own
State there came a latge number of regiments
in 1865 to fight the Indians. They came there
from Ohio, Indiana, and Pennsylvania, and
other States. They were sent out there after
their term of enlistment, as they claimed, was
ended. They had fought, as they thought,
through the war for which they enlisted. It
was after the surrender of Lee and Johnston;
then they were sent out to the borders of Kan-
sas to fight the Indians. They said that they did
not enlist for that; that that was not the war
they had agreed to engage in; and the whole
thing was so distasteful to them, they felt so
little interest in it, that many of them left the
Army and settled in my State. Thousands of
them are there to-day—a great many, at any
rate. We are not very particular in Kansas in
regard to voting, because our suffrage law is
quite liberal; but at the same time there is a
cloud hanging over these men who are said to
have deserted that I want to have uplifted. It
is sometimes said of them that they are not
citizens, that they have been denationalized.
I confess that many of them I have found to
be very good men, laboring honestly and faith-
fully, building up the State, adhering to our
institutions, and I should feel gratified, as thou-
sands of others would be, if that cloud were
uplifted from these men, who are technically
deserters.
But there is another class who will be reached
by this amendment that I do not think are so
worthy of commiseration. I had the fortune
or misfortune to be at Chicago in 1864 at the
convention that nominated McClellan; and
after the convention was over, I found the cars
on the road to Canada filled with American
citizens, or men who had been American citi-
zens, going to Canada. Some of them had
been over to attend the convention, and I
remember the discussions which were had—
they were earnest and severe—in the cars. I
told those men that if they ran to Canada under
such circumstances to avoid the draft they
ought to be British subjects, and 1 would never
agree that they should be American citizens
again until they had been naturalized here like
other British subjects, and staid five years
and took the oath of allegiance. A man who
left his responsibilities on this side, at such a
crisis in the history of the country as that was,
and dodged over the other side of the line,
adhering to the men there who were our ene-
mies, rebels, should not now be dealt with
mercifully by legislation. I am not disposed
to extend any peculiar favor to such men ; and
if this amendment of the Senator from Indiana
is looking in that direction I shall vote against
it. I do not propose to alleviate the condition
of those who ran away from their responsibili-
ties at such a time as the Government was then
passing through. I do not think that even
five years of probation would bleach out their
crime. It is but a little behind treason itself
for a man to avoid taking a part with his coun-
try on the right side.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope there will be no
amendment made to the bill as reported from
the Committee on Military Affairs. The sub-
ject was there well considered and maturely
reflected upon, and I think what the committee
have prepared is better calculated to suit the
circumstances than anything the Senate might
agree to in the hurry and confusion of business
here. As the bill is reported by the commit-
tee it applies only to those who left the service
after the war was really over, when there was
no necessity for their services. That is not
the case with those who would be excused by
the amendment of the Senator from Indiana,
as I understand. That would excuse a large
number of men in my State, men who left the
service while the war was in progress, men
who left after they were drafted, and men who
ran away before the draft was made. Prob-
ably there were many of that class of people
in my State who ran off to Canada, and 1 have
no doubt their number is sufficient to change
the result of the election this fall. I am not
in favor of extending the right of suffrage to
men who by their acts would have destroyed
the Government during its struggle, and espe-
cially do I not want anything passed now
which would interfere with the interests of the
elections in Pennsylvania, if you choose ; I
have no concealments. Every honest patriotic
man who served his country is entitled to vote,
and will be allowed to vote, and every traitor-
ous rascal who ran off when the country
needed his services will be excluded if we can
exclu<|jjhiin, and I am sorry to say that there
were many of that kind of men in our State.
I think it but fair that men who served during
the whole war, and until they were no longer
actually needed, should be excused ; and per-
haps after awhile we shall become more lib-
eral and extend the same rights and the same
pardon to men whose offense is much greater,
but I am not in favor of doing it at present.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, there
are other privileges of United States citizen-
ship besides the right of suffrage which has
been alluded to. If a citizen goes abroad from
this country he is entitled to a passport from
the Department of State, and carries his nation-
ality with him wherever he goes, over the face
of the earth.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Most of these went abroad
during the war without any passport.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Under certain statutes
citizenship is a requisite to the bringing of
suits in the United States courts for the pro-
tection of property. I think it was under one
of these statutes that the celebrated decision
from Missouri in regard to negro citizenship
was made by the Supreme Court. And in many
other respects this question of citizenship is
one of transcendant interest and importance.
Now, sir, I do not understand that this ques-
tion is material in my State. I understand
that under the law as pronounced there by the
highest judicial tribunal, as well as by a number
of the courts of common pleas in the several
districts, and by Republican judges as well as
those of the opposite party, this question does
not possess practical importance as a question
of suffrage. But in other aspects it is interest-
ing, and it may be more important in other
sections of the country.
I understand also that under your act of
Congress there is no disfranchisement of any
human being in the United States from the
right of suffrage ; that that must be the act of
the State itself, either by its constitution or by
State law passed in pursuance of its constitu-
tion. It is therefore perfectly feasible, it is a
thing eligible and possible, for any State that
pleases, by fundamental provisions to disfran-
chise persons of this class, to make her elec-
toral system exclude them from this right. You
cannot do it. All 5Tou can do is what you did
in 1865, to pass an act of intimidation for the
immediate necessities of the public service, by
which you make proclamation that you will
withdraw United States citizenship and with-
hold such privileges as pertain to United States
citizenship under your laws, and that you will
inflict upon the individual whatever of disgrace,
whatever of ignominy is attached to his coming
within the purview of your law.
But, sir, so long as that law remains on the
statute-book, what is it? It is an element of
disturbance; it is an element of dispute ; it is
an element of unpleasantness in the country.
It is a thing upon which there is unnecessary
and fruitless but vexatious debate. After you
repeal this law, after you withdraw it, now that
the reasons for its enactment no longer exist,
every individual that was or is within its pro-
visions remains accountable to public opinion,
accountable among his neighbors for his former
conduct, and he must suffer their censure and
ill opinion as long as he lives, and perhaps his
family after him. This takes place without
your law; and whatever there be of retribution
and of punishment and of justice to these per-
sons from the reproaches of neighbor and
enemy, they will suffer. I suppose this may
be considered adequate punishment for simply
withholding themselves from the public service
when they ought not. It is a very different
offense from a deliberate desertion of the flag
after the soldier is in the public service, after he
has been sworn in, and has been marched to
the field of conflict. It is a very different
thing when he plays the traitor, not only to his
country, but to his associates who are about
him; when he imperils their lives and imperils
the success of the public cause by his conduct.
That is a crime of a very different description
from this one of avoiding a public duty to the
community, whether it be instigated by coward-
ice or by any other influence or circumstance
which may operate on the human mind.
I think, sir, that the repeal of this law will
be wholesome in its effects; that it will pro-
mote the public interests; that no reason
exists for continuing it on our statute-books;
and that those who desire that these persons
should continue to be punished hereafter, can
be fully gratified by there being brought to
bear upon them that social ostracism and
that disapprobation of their fellow-citizens
which their conduct is calculated to provoke.
This moral punishment will attend upon them
long after your law is repealed, and is an
appropriate substitute for the extraordinary,
injudicious, and unreasonable penalties, addi-
tional to former ones, contained in the act of
1865. '
Mr. CAMERON. I rise only to correct
what seems to be an error on the part of my
colleague. He says there must be a law of the
State before you can punish these men. Why,
sir, we had a law in Pennsylvania carrying out
the law of Congress, and yet the supreme
court, which happened by some particular
organization to have the power against the
country, decided that that law was unconstitu-
tional or illegal somehow. No man in Penn-
sylvania who was with- the country during the
war believes that that decision of the supreme
court was right or that it will stand when a
new judge shall have been put upon that bench,
who will probably go there next fall.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I desire to interrupt my
colleague and to remind him that the decision
to which he refers was pronounced by Judge
Strong, who has been an ardent and active
member of the gentleman's own party.
Mr. CAMERON. I have only to say in
reply that Judge Strong is one of the best men
on the bench anywhere; but Judge Strong
was a Democrat up to the time of the war,
and he had a little too much of his Democracy
left to enable him to disagree with Judge
Woodward, who was the leading judge upon
that bench.
Now, as to the public opinion of which my
colleague speaks, that is very well in some
places, but it does not amount to much in the
case of deserters up in his county or the ad-
joining county, where the majority is so large
on the Democratic side, and was so large
against the war. It did not hurt a man there
to be a deserter, and they ran off in crowds. I
do not want those people to come back this fall
and vote. As I said before, perhaps after a
while we shall forgive them, after we have for-
gotten how many men have been destroyed by
their desertion and by their bad conduct; but
for the present I think it is going far enough to
relieve from disfranchisement those men who
remained in the service until the war was over,
until they were really no longer needed—men
who fought, and many of whom were wounded
in battle.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Before the vote is taken
I wish to say one or two words in reply to tl: a
Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Edmuxds.] I do
not propose to discuss the political questions
which the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Cameron] has referred to, how this may affect
the votes of particular sections of the country.
Although the statement of the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Sherman] yesterday would allow
the suspicion that there was some political
purpose to be accomplished in some locality or
other by this bill that is upon the table, yet I
