m
THE, ommKsgjoiUL
July 16,
chqdse to consider this subject upon its honest
merits; and iri that light and in that alone I
propose to answer in a word or two, if I can,
the argument of the Senator from Vermont.
He is an able lawyer, as isknown to us all;
and I submit to that distinguished Senator and
able lawyer whether a penalty described in a
statute can attach to a party before conviction.
When the law itself requires an investigation
before a tribunal established by the law, and
that investigation has never been had, do any
"of the penalties prescribed as a punishment
for the crime attach to the party before he is
convicted? I think the decision of the su-
preme court of Pennsylvania is clearly right.
I do not care what is the language of a penal
statute, the guilt of a party cannot be collat-
erally inquired into, nor can punishment be
inflicted under any proceeding of that sort.
Suppose, as in the State of Indiana, disfran-
chisement is a part of the punishment for some
crime, no lawyer ever supposed that an election
board could inquire whether a party proposing
to vote was guilty of larceny or guilty of arson,
and upon the finding of the fact against him,
when there had been no investigation in court,
say that lie stood disfranchised because he had
done acts which produced disfranchisement?
The consequences of the act are to be found
by a court, and until that be done there is no
punishment.
So, sir, practically under the law, in my
judgment, this section has no bearing in the
country ; at least not in my State ; but it has
come up as a troublesome question. In one
case, for instance, the members of an election
board have been sued because they rejected a
vote under this law. We ought not to have a
statute thus standing that does no good and
produces simply confusion.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator will allow
me a moment, I should like to suggest to him
with a view to the particular argument which
he makes, whether after all the difficulty is not
one of the form of legislation, supposing his
general proposition to be correct. Now, sup-
pose u State Legislature prescribes as a quali-
fication for every voter that he shall take an
oath, which oath among other things shall be to
the effectthat lie has never deserted the service
of the United States; so far as the objection
which he now makes is concerned, does the
Senator say that it would not be competent for
an election board clothed with the power to
administer that oath to insist upon it and to ex-
clude a man that could not take it ? If so, then
it follows, so far from this statute being nuga-
tory, except as applied to those men who have
been convicted, it is applicable to every man
in the form of an oath. Whether for other rea-
sons such an oath would be competent or not
is a question which I do not suggest, because
the Senator has not done so. There are other
suggestions which I think apply to it; but I do
submit to him in answer to his argument that
there is a practical form of legislation by which
a mode could be devised equally efficacious
with conviction in order to ascertain and pun-
ish by practical disfranchisement the guilt of
which disfranchisement is the punishment in
whole or in part; so that it will not do to dis-
miss^ the statute by saying it cannot be effect-
ual in the States except upon those who have
been convicted by a military tribunal.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The answer to the
Senator from New York is, as I think, a verv
clear one. The party is not disfranchised in
the case he mentions because of this statute.
This statute does not define the crime of deser-
tion. This statute does not create the offense
of desertion, and the disfranchisement in the
ease which he mentions is not because the party
comes within the provisions of this statute. The
case that he mentions may have occurred long
before this statute was enacted. The deserter
may be liable to punishment under other laws
and not liable to punishment under this law at
all, and yet he cannot take the oath that is
mentioned by the Senator. The party in the
case that the Senator mentions is disfranchised
because ho cannot take a particular oath, just
as a p^i'ty cannot take his se^t in the Senate
here unless he can take the iron-clad oath.
The State sees fit to exclude from the privilege
of voting all who cannot take a prescribed oath.
It is the act of the State; and if this section
were repealed I ask the Senator whether the
party could still take the oath. Suppose you
repealed all laws punishing desertion, could a
party who had deserted still take the oath ?
Mr. CONKLING. I will answer. Such a
provision in a State statute is predicated on
this very statute. Why ? Because no State
can pass an ex post facto law. Desertion from
the armies of the United States is no .offense
against the laws of the State of New York or
the State of Pennsylvania; but when by law,
whether upon conviction or otherwise, a State
undertakes to inflict pains and penalties—
because disfranchisement is a pain and a pen-
alty—upon a man for doing an act which was
no offense against any law when he did it, and
which was at no time an offense against the
law of the State which denounced it, that State
i3 passing first an ex post facto law, and sccond
a law which is void by another provision of the
Constitution of the United States. Therefore,
if it can be done at all, it is to be done as aux-
iliary to this very statute which the Senator is
discussing.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Because the Congress
of the United States sees fit to punish an offense
in a particular way, can a State law, an ex post
facto law, punish an act committed before it
was passed?
Mr. CONKLING. Thatis another question
which I alluded to a few moments ago, which
I said had not been suggested by the Senator
from Indiana. That question I know is in
the minds of the bar and the bench. How
that may be is another thing; but my statement
was that if it could be done at all it could be
done in theory of this law, and that this law
was an essential ingredient in the operation of
doing it by any mode short of fundamental
provisions put into the constitution of the State.
Now, whether it can be done at all or not is
a question which I hope the Senator will not
invite me to discuss. I do not intend to enter
into it here.
_ Mr. HENDRICKS. As I think, this law
gives the State no power. This is simply an
additional punishment, leaving the crime of
desertion as it was defined before, with all the
prior punishments upon it, adding simply the
punishment of loss of citizenship. Now, the
the case that the Senator mentions is a case
where a State, not for the purpose of punish-
ment, but for the purpose of prescribing the
qualifications of an elector, says that nobody
shall be an doctor unless he can take the oath
which the Senator states.
Mr. President, I am very clearly of the opin-
ion that an election board cannot exclude the
vote of any man unless upon a rccord of con-
viction. An election board cannot enforce
this law against any party unless he has been
first convicted. I say that in answer to what
seemed to be the view of the Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Edhcxds.]
The Senator from Vermont, departing from
the legal question, has appealed to what he
supposes, I presume, to be a prejudice in the
Senate, and has spoken of the cowards and the
traitors who may have deserted from the Army.
He has spoken of all deserters as cowards and
traitors. Mr. President, to my own knowledge
that is.not so. I know of a case of a very dear
friend of mine who was a private soldier and
fought bravely in the southwestern army. He
was, however, addicted to the habit of intem-
perance, and when that army eamc to a large
city he fell under the influence of his habit;
and in that state and condition ho left the ■
lines, went to his home and continued on his !
spree for some time. Although his friends !
urged his return at once, he thought he would I
return.in time and all would be right; but !
when he came to his sober senses he dared not j
return, he was afraid to return, and instead of j
returning to that regiment, he enlisted in '
another regiment, and until the close of the !
war was a soldier in the service. ITe carried
the banner at Fredericksburg, at Gettysburg,
and through the Wilderness, and was captured
at Cold Harbor, and was a prisoner for eight
months in the souther^ prisons. That flag
was riddled, and his regiment came out of
Fredericksburg, where it went in with a full
thousand, with less than three hundred ; and
at Gettysburg, after it had been filled up, it
came out again "syith less than half its numbers.
That soldier never faltered in the Southwest
or in any of the terrible battles to which I have
referred; and yet because of his folly he
stands recorded as a deserter, but furnishing
to the Government as valuable service as any
man that went into the Army. I say that in
reply to the Senator's general charge of coward-
ice against everybody who may have deserted.
Sitting here in the Senate (md sitting in our
comfortable homes wo do not know the many
influences that may have induced a young man
to desert; and I do not think that the broad
charge of treason or cowardice should be
brought against them as a class. I have done
my duty on this question, Mr. President. This
law reaches to but a few.
One other point made by the Senator Imust
refer to. He says they had the opportunity of
returning. This law was passed on the Sd of
March, 1865. The President's proclamation
was issued after that time. Sixty days were
given them for returning. Before the expira-
tion of sixty days, perhaps before the expira-
tion of thirty days, the war was substantially
at an end. Lee surrendered, and many of the
regiments were discharged from service before
the time limited for the return expired. I leave
the question with the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. All this story about the
particular dear friend of my friend from In-
diana is very fine; it is very moving; but my
friend has forgotten to tell us and the country
of his dear ten thousand other friends who, in-
stead of going South from Indiana, went North
or staid at home. They are the men that
this law is to operate upon in general, instead
of the one dear companion whose story has
been told. Now, it is a fact of public noto-
riety in this country that thousands of the
citizens of Indiana having the political views,
I will not say of my friend, because I believe
he was a patriot, but having political views in
favor of the right of secession and opposed to the
right of the country, determined that by force
or by fraud they would escape from their duty
as citizens and either aid the other side or avoid
aiding their own. Am I right or wrong? My
friend from Indiana does not reply.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I did not suppose the
Senator wanted a reply just now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will very cheerfully
give it, six*. The Senator is very much misin-
formed ; there was no ten thousand men from
Indiana that went North; nothing like it. A
very few may have gone North ; a very few com-
pared with the number of men who volunteered
and that were drafted, and that entered the
Army as substitutes. But allow me to correct
the Senator. The section we are speaking of
now touches none of that class. This section
was passed in March; the draft under this bill
was but commenced: it was never completed.
The war came to a close on the t!d of March,
and in regard to all who avoided the draft it is
prospective ; it is retrospective only in regard
to those who were in the Army. This section
has nothing to do with the large class, as he
denominates them, to which ho refers.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well, Mr. President;
although my friend has evaded the j sint and
gone to discuss the effect of this law, it i-till
appears from his confession that in proportion
to the number who are urijasily wronged by
this law whom be has described as one man, a
friend of his, so far as his knowledge goes,
there is a large number who, under one cate-
gory or the other, are, justly obnoxious fo ihe
epithets which I applied to them when 1 wa3
up before; men whom he despised as much as
I do; who added to the crime of moral trea-
