666
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
I shall to-morrow ask cot^ent to proceed with
the consideration of the bill to which the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania objected this morning,
further to secure equal rights in the District
of Columbia. I hope I shall have unanimous
consent for that purpose; but if any objection
should be made, I give notice that I shall move
to so far suspend the rule of the Senate as to
allow that bill to be received.
committee on retrenchment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. With the consent of my
friend from Iowa, who withdraws his motion for
that purpose, I ask consent to offer the follow-
ing resolution:
Renolved by the Senate of the United States of America,
(the House of Representatives concurring.) Tha t one
member of the Senate and two members of the House
be added to the joint select Committee on Retrench-
ment, to be appointed by the Presiding Officers of the
respective Houses.
I ask unanimous consent to have this resolu-
tion considered and passed, because it has
been found, on account of the absence of some
of the members on the western coast, that the
specific duties this committee have to go through
with during the vacation cannot be performed
without this addition to their number. I pre-
sume there will be no objection to the adoption
of the resolution.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
conscnt, and agreed to.
executive session.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness; and after twenty minutes spent therein
the doors were reopened.
melinda harmon.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. I yes-
terday gave notice of my intention to move to
suspend the rule of the Senate so far as it would
interfere with the consideration of Senate bills
No. 127 and No. 128. I will state to the Sen-
ate that at the last session a bill was passed for
the relief of the widow of Jacob Harmon, who
was executed by the rebels in East Tennessee
for having been engaged in bridge burning
under orders i'rom our officers. The law, how-
ever, is of no use, because the name is described
in the bill as Matilda instead of Melinda Har-
mon. I now propose that those bills be taken up.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. If no objec-
tion be interposed the Chair will regard Senate
bill No. 127 as before the body.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 127)
to repeal an act entitled "An act for the relief
of Matilda Harmon, of the county of Greene
and State of Tennessee, widow of Jacob Har-
mon," approved January 31, 18G7, was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. TRUMBULL. How does the bill get
before the Senate ?
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. It has
been taken up by unanimous consent. It is
simply to correct, an error that occurred at the
second session of the Thirty-Ninth Congress.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does it come from any
committee?
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. The bill
came from a committee at the last session, and
this is simply to correct an error in the Chris-
tian name of Mrs. Harmon.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to have
that erro* explained.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. The
Senator from Illinois could not have heard me
when I was up before. At the second session
of the Thirty-Ninth Congress I introduced a
bill for the relief of Mrs. Harmon, leaving
the first name blank. It went to the House
of Representatives and 1 famished my col-
league there [Mr. Maynakd] with the name;
but by some mistake the name of Matilda was
inserted instead of Melinda. So it turned out
that the widow is not provided for at all. That
is the error I wish to correct. I have there-
fore introduced now a bill to repeal that act
passed at the second session of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress, and another bill granting a
pension to Melinda Harmon. Melinda Har-
mon is the widow of Jacob Harmon, who was
hung in East Tennessee by the rebels for hav-
ing been engaged in bridge burning.
Mr. SHERMAN. Why does not the Sen-
ator include the whole proposition in one bill ?
Mr. PATTERSON, ofTennessee. I might
have done it, bat I thought it proper to intro-
duce two bills. _ ...
Mr. SHERMAN. That will require a double
enrollment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to add the
other bill to this.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. I have
no objection.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If we add the other
bill the result will be that one section will
repeal the law of last year, and the second
section will give the right woman the pension.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. I care
not about the form; but I want Melinda Har-
mon provided for.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Indiana
will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, as fol-
lows :
A nd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of the
Interior be and he is hereby authorized to place the
name of Melinda Harmon, of the county of Greene,
andState of Tennessee, widow of Jacob Harmon, on
the pension-roll at the rate of eight dollars per
month, to commence on the 17th day of December,
1861, and to continue during her widowhood.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. I accept
the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read a third time and
Mr. BUCK ALE W. I suppose it would be
more convenient to put the title of the second
bill to this. I move that amendment.
The motion was agreed to ; and the title of
the bill was amended to read: A bill for the
relief of Melinda Harmon, of the county of
Greene, State of Tennessee, widow of Jacob
Harmon.
department printing.
Mr. ANTHONY. There is a bill on the
table from the House of Representatives
which is intended to correct an inconvenience
that the Treasury Department has been sub-
jected to by what seems to me to be a miscon-
struction of the law; but I suppose the Secre-
tary knows how to construe it better than I do.
A law was passed at the last session providing
that when any printing was to be done other than
in the Government Printing Office, the Clerk
of the House of Representatives should desig-
nate the place where it should be printed—a
kind of legislation of which we have had a
good deal lately, passing a general law in
order to aifect the petty patronage of the De-
partments. The Secretary of the Treasury
construes that law so that he is unable to do
in his Department the printing that was for-
merly done there upon the back of bonds and
notes and the printing of transfers upon them.
It would be manifestly improper that the bonds
of the Government should be sent to the Pub- 1
lie Printing Office to have the transfers printed '
on the backs. It can only be done by con- \
fidential men and under the supervision of a \
clerk of the Department in whom all con- !
fidenee can be placed; and I suppoge rather I
than to have this printing done at the Gov- i
ernment Printing Office the Secretary of the
Treasury would have the work done by writ-
ing, which would be very laborious indeed.
They are also in the habit of printing there
bands which they put around the bills and
the bonds. The paper used in these bands is
manufactured from the refuse of the office,
the currency that comes back to be destroyed.
That is manufactured into paper there, and
printed there. I do not see any evil, any
abuse that can come from restoring this priv-
ilege to the Secretary of the Treasury, if the
law has deprived him of it; and if the Senate is
willing, I should like to have the bill taken up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island asks unanimous eon-
sent for the consideration of the bill named by
him, which is House bill No. 130, supplement-
ary to an act entitled "An act making appro-
priations for sundry civil expenses of the Gov 
ernment for the year ending June 30, 1868,
andforotherpurposes," passed March 2, 1867.
By unanimous consent the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
vides that the concluding proviso of section
ten of the act described in its title shall not
be held to prevent the necessary printing, as
heretofore done, in connection with the issue,
transfer, or assignment of Government bonds
or notes, or official envelopes or confidential
circulars used in the Executive Departments
by their own employes.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have an amendment to
offer, which has been prepared by the Treasurer.
The bill as passed by the other House seems
to confirm the construction which the Secre-
tary of the Treasury has put upon the law, and
does not allow any printing to be done in the
Department, except upon the notes and bonds
of the Government. I propose to amend it
bs striking out the words "in connection with
the issue, transfer, or assignment of Govern-
ment bonds or notes, or official envelopes, or
confidential circulars used in the executive
department," and in lieu of those words to
insert "the Executive Departments and the
bureaus thereof;" so as to make the bill read:
That the concluding proviso of section ten of the
act described in the title hereof, shall not be held to
prevent the necessary printing as heretofore done in
the Executive Departments and the bureaus thereof,
by their o.wrt employes.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. Does that apply to the
Internal Revenue Bureau—all the blanks ?
Mr. ANTHONY. It is confined to the print-
ing heretofore done in the Departments. The
Internal Revenue blanks have all been printed
at the Government Printing Office.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is perfectly right that
the bonds and transfers and all the printing
connected with the issuing of bonds should be
done in the Treasury Department. It ought
not to be done elsewhere. As a matter of
course, the transfers have to be printed in the
presence of a clerk. It seems to me, however,
that this amendment would now extend to all
the printing of the Internal Revenue Bureau.
Mr. ANTHONY. Oh, no ; only to such
printing as has heretofore .been done in the
Departments.
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit to the Senator
whether it is not enlarging the law further than
the occasion demands. The difficulty lhat the
Treasurer complains of is about issuing the
transfers of bonds. That must be done in the
Treasury Department.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There are a great many
labels.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is true; but this
amendment would extend to anything printed
heretofore by the Treasury Department or
any bureau thereof. It would extend to the
internal revenue office, with the millions of
blanks they require. I do not wish the bill to
extend beyond the mischief which I admit to
exist.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is simply confined
to what they have been in the habit of doing
in the Departments.
Mr. ANTHONY. I believe there has been
so much printing done in the Departments as
to amount to an abuse. All the Departments
during the war, I b<-ifevc, had their private
printing offices, and the compositors were
rated as clerks, and they worked but very few
hours a day. The work that was done ill the
Departments in that way must have cost the
Government a great deal more than it could
have been done for at the Government Print-
ing Office. It was the intention of the joint
Committee on Printing at the last session to
introduce a bill to prevent all this, but the bill
was not perfected. There is some printing
that must necessarily be done in the Depart-
