1861
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
em
Platto river; and ninety miles farther on is the
Port C. F. Smith on the route to Montana.
Now, I wish to read a few words from General
Pope's letter to General Grant after this war
had broken out, clearly because in part, at
least, of his order made without any regard
to the rights of the Indians. He writes a
letter urging that the Indian department be
turned over to the military, and at the conclu-
sion of it ho says :
_ "A reference to my communications on this sub-
ject for the past twelve months will exhibit the fact
that X have repeatedly warned the Government that
the Indian war now upon us was inevitable, and that
110 reliance whatever could be placed upon treaties
of peace such as had been negotiated. The peace
commissioners promise the Indian, in the first place,
that the whites shall not go into the Indian country,
knowing well that it is impossible to fulfill such a
promise." •
We had made that promise in the treaty of
1851, but we simply recognized the existing
rights of the Indians; that is, we pledged our-
selves to protect them in all their rights,
acknowledging their ownership of the country.
General Pope says :
" It is impossible to fulfill any promise of the sort;
the.parties who make these treaties know they must
be broken; and I have broken them, and I have
known for twelve months that war would come out
of it."
That is the whole of it.
" This is thcfirst and most persistent demand of the
Indian; a demand readily conceded, but never exe-
cuted. Other provisions are inserted in the treaty
equally certain to remain unfulfilled. The Indian
has lost all confidence in such promises, and only
makes a treaty to secure the money and supplies
which accompany it. In this unscrupulous manner
treaties are made"—
I should like to know how he applies the
word "unscrupulous" here. Does he mean
unscrupulousness in making the promise or in
breaking it?
"In this unscrupulous manner treaties a.re made
and violated on both sides, and in this manner they
will continue to be made unless some change in our
Indian system is effected.
" While the policy of the Government toward the
Indian tribes is humane and liberal, so far as legal
enactments are concerned, the mode of-administer-.
infs that policy has not onb; frustrated all the kind
and benevolent intentions of the Grovernment, but
has absolutely worked wrong and injustice both to
whites and Indians, which could not have occurred
had there been no laws whatever on the subject."
That is, if we had no laws on the subject,
we could get along very well, he says. I might
stand here and read for any length of time, but
I need not do so. When this war came, and
the massacre of Port Phil. Kearney occurred,
General Sherman, of course, was exasperated
by this conduct; and he sent a telegram here
which the Indians have full knowledge of now,
which I will read. I have the greatest respect
for General Sherman, but this was a sad mis-
take on his part. No greater mistake could
possibly have been committed. We undertook
to construct forts in that country in which we
had no right. Gentlemen may say that the
savage must give way to civilization. Surely
so; but then we ought to make the savage
give way to civilization in such a manner as
that we shall show a decent respect for our-
selves and something like a regard for our own
honor. Civilization ought to be civil. We
have treaty stipulations with them, in which
we say that they are entitled to a particular
country; but we discover a gold mine beyond
there, and Ifcen we break that treaty stipulation
by having a military order to erect forts upon
it to protect the settlers. Now we know, as a
matter of tact, that not a mortal has traveled
over that route to Montana for the last twelve
months except a soldier; and scarcely a sol-
dier has traveled over it since the Fort Phil.
Kearney massacre. I know of not a single
soldier who has traversed the Powder river
country from the time of that massacre in
December last down to the present time. It will
not be done ; and let me tell you that if fifty
of these Indians can checkmate three thousand
of our best cavalry it will be a long time
before there will be any travel over it.
When this war came, instead of going back
to the root of the evil, and correcting our
wrongs to the Indians, General Sherman, feel-
ing of course as any other man would feel,
stung and nettled by these reverses of our arms,
and by the fact that so many good men had
been killed, and perhaps not understanding
our treaty stipulations—in fact I know he did
not—because in another letter be calls General
Grant's attention to that, and asks him to see
the "interior Department and have the matter
examined so as to know exactly what are our
rights, and what the rights of the Indians, and
when ascertained that he desired to stand by
the rights of the Indians—but nettled, as I say,
on the 28th of December last he sent this tele-
gram here, which has been communicated to
the Sioux, and which they understand quite
well:
St. Louis, December 28,1866.
Genebal: Justarrivedintimeto attend the funeral
of my adjutant general, Sawyer. I havegiven general
instructions to General Cooke about the Sioux. I
do not yet understand how the massacre of Colonel
Fetterman's party could have been so complete. We
must act with vindictive earnestness against the
Sioux, even to their extermination, men, women,
and children. Nothing else will reach the root of
this case.
U. S. Grant.
W. T. SHERMAN,
Lieutenant Qeneral.
You will find that in this war of extermina-
tion twenty-five of our own men will fall for
every man, woman, or child of the Sioux.
Hark what I tell you. General Sherman him-
self is now satisfied of it. But suppose we do
exterminate thein all; suppose that stung to
the quick by these reverses and by this
attempt of a barbarous band of people to wage
war against the United States with all their
fiendish malignity we go to war and kill them
all, what does it amount to ? Is it any honor
to the people of the United' States? What
amount of credit do we gain by it? Is there
any glory in a war of that sort? None what-
ever.
Then, sir, what is the proposition of the
committee ? I come to it at once, for I do not
desire to take up the time of the Senate. We
find a war waging and we want to get rid of it.
We find, no honor in waging such a war-; we
cannot see any laurels to be won; we cannot
see anything except a blot upon our character
as a people and upon the honor and good faith
of the United States and a large accumula-
tion of our public debt. That is all I can see
in it. We might as well be honest, plain,
blunt, and frank about this whole matter. We
shall have thousands of our soldiers killed
there, and all for glory. That is, an Indian
has scalped somebody, and we must wage a
perpetual war in order to avenge the wrong !
Mr. President, I am not here to justify the
Indians. I am only here for the purpose of
standing up to our owu treaty obligations, and
in my opinion when we do that we shall have
less trouble with the Indians. We may have
some trouble to be sure; but we shall have
trouble with thenegroes of the South, we shall
have trouble with the white people of the
South. Are not murders being committed in
Texas? Certainly. Murders in North Caro-
lina? Yes. Even in the fine old State of
Massachusetts and in the very intelligent and
great Empire State, New York, wefind murders
committed. Because a Sioux Indian commits
a murder, because he steals a horse, (a light
accomplishment that perhaps he has learned
from the white man,) are you to wage war
against an entire tribe? It will only inflict
dishonor upon ourselves and accumulate our
public debt.
Now, what is this proposition? It is to do
something with these Indians; and what is
that ? To remove them off the line of these
two railroads, the Platte road and the Smoky
Hill road. We want to get them south of the
Arkansas river and north of the Platte river,
and bind them by treaty stipulations not to go
upon the line of these roads. I do not pro-
pose even to close up the Powder river route,
but to leave it open. The people of my State
want it left open because it is the nearest and
best route to Montana. I do not ask that it
shall be closed, but I ask that a section of
country be obtained for these Indians along
the Missouri river, and tj^at will enable us to
furnish goods, annuities, &e., which we annu-
ally furnish to them under treaty stipulations,
cheaper than in any other way. As it is now
the Indians are scattered over an immense dis-
trict of country. Here are the Crow Indians ;
they live west of the Big Horn mountain, far
away west of the Powder river country, and
we have to famish them with annuities, and
have to haul the goods out to them through
these hostile regions. The boast of these In-
dians is that they have never yet killed a white
man; that the blood of no white man is upon
their skirts-. They are peaeeable, they are
kind, they are pacific in all their intentions,
and all their motives and desires.
They treat vta with marked, kindness, and they
act as our friends in all our hostile operations
against other tribes of Indians. We are annually
to furnish them with provisions and annuities,
and, if we possibly can do so, remove them
within narrower boundaries. If we intend that
the military shall operate against the Indians
in time to come, let us put them in stated
reservations, where forts can be built around
them, so thatso large a force will not be required
to take care of them and watch them. Our
proposition is to' take the various Indians that
are out in that section of country and bring
them to a " district of country lying north of
the State of Nebraska, west of the Missouri
river, and east of the traveled routes to Mon-
tana Territory.'' That will leave the Powder
river route entirely in our possession. I may
be asked if I propose to select an immense dis-
trict of country lying on the borders of the
Little Missouri, the Yellowstone, the White
Earth, and the Cheyenne rivers and leave it to
the Indians for all time to come. I answer'
that I would do so for the present. We have
got to do something with the Indians, and, the
way the matter now stands, perhaps another
thousand millions of debt will be added to our
present heavy burden in that shape in order to
exterminate them. They are now upon the
lines of travel, and we have got to select some
country to put them upon.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator be good
enough to state about what quantity of terri-
tory he proposes to turn over to the Indians
for their occupancy, north of Nebraska ?
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not know.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not suppose the Sen-
ator can form any definite idea on that subject;
but he will see at once that is a very important
item for our consideration.
Mr. HENDERSON. I will state to the
Senator that my information is that this coun-
try is worth very little, and that it is not likely
that it will be settled up within the next hun-
dred years. It includes what is called the
mavvais terre country, the poor land country
of the Missouri river. With the exception of
small or narrow valleys upon these several
rivers that I have named, and some other
smaller streams, there is no arable or tillable
land at all. It is a section of country that the
white man in all probability will not need dur-
ing the present generation, or perhaps the one
to come.
Mr. HOWARD. How is it as to hunting
grounds?
Mr. HENDERSON. I understand the buf-
falo, the elk. and the deer do live in large quan-
tities upon these river bottoms, and that in all
probability the Indian may by a proper system
of tillage be enabled to support himself; but I
.will state to the Senator those valleys are very
narrow. I do not pretend to say that the In-
dians can live there. There is some doubt about
it. But we desire to leave this discretionary
with this commission upon an examination.
My friend from Maine [Mr. Morrill] offers
rnow to amend the bill so as to require of them
first to examine it, I suppose with that view,
and afterwasd to make the selection; but in
the bill now before the Senate it will be
observed that it is to be left upon their report
to the confirmation of the two Houses of Con-
gress. It will not become a permanent selec-
tion for the Indians until we ratify it, and I
suppose it will be the duty of these gentlemen
