6T2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
juit id,
if the Senator -will allow m4 one word, they
extend so far to the north as to terminate with
the divisional boundary line of the United
States on the north,_ and it may embrace the
very route over which the Northern Pacific
railroad is about to be laid out.
Mr. RAMSEY. _ We have already made a
grant of lands for it-.
Mr. HOWARD. We have already made
a grant of land to that railroad, a very large
grant; and it cannot be denied, itseems to me,
that this policy will lead directly to a defeat of
perhaps all the objects embraced in the ori-
ginal charter of the Northern Pacific Railroad
Company. Why pile up the Indians to the
injury of that company and for the benefit of
other companies ? Why huddle them together
in that particular region ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If my honorable
friend would give this subject a little careful
attention and hear what the committee have
to say, I am inclined to think most of the dif-
ficulties he raises here would fall. There is not
the slightest apprehension of any such thing
as he suggests. The difficulty of the honor-
able Senator is that he does not want to have
the thing explained. In the first place, the
limits of the bill do not reach anywhere near
the region of country he supposes; and, in the
second place, by its terms it only proposes an
examination. It does not invest the commis-
sion with the slightest power to locate, but
simply to examine that region of country to
see if it is suitable for the residence of these
Indians, and if they find it to be so in their
judgment, they are to indicate it and describe
it particularly, so that Congress can exercise
its judgment, whether it interferes with any
existing rights, or whether, on that report, it
is consistent with the present condition of the
country and its future growth, its future pros-
perity, its future development, that they should
be located in that particular place.
Now, not to accept a proposition of that kind
is to say that you are not willing to agree that
the Indian shall have an abiding place on this
continent anywhere; that he is to be bargained
with to-day and faith broken with him to-mor-
row, as in all the past; that there is no place
where you are willing to put down your foot
and say, "There; if you will accept that, you
shall have the guarantee of the Government that
you shall be secure in it." If I understand the
theory of the honorable Senator from Mich-
igan, when the committee propose to locate the
Indian here permanently and define his rights
and give him a right in the soil, it is that he is
not willing that the nation shall pledge its faith
that the Indian shall have a permanent abiding
place anywhere.
Now, sir, we have come to this point in the
history of the country, that there is no place
beyond _ population to which you can remove
the Indian. It has been so in the past. As
population has approached the Indian we have
removed him beyond population. But popu-
lation now encounters him on both sides of the
continent, and there is no place on the conti-
nent to which he can be removed beyond the
the progress of population. That is the point
now; and the precise question is, will you
exterminate him, or will you fix an abiding
place for him? That is what you have got to
do; fight him, make war on him to his extinc-
tion, or treat with him, define in your own
judgment, having a proper regard for his rights
as a human being, say arbitrarily—I agree to
that—that he shall be where the necessities of
civilization require him -to take his place; and
when he has taken it, give him the guarantees
of security. That is all we ask. That is pre-
cisely the character of this measure.
_ Now, I say that we authorize this commis-
sion, first, to examine a much larger tract of
country than we suppose they would think of
locating the Indian upon ; to examine and see
if they can find in this whole region of coun-
try a tract suitable for this location. Of course
they will take into consideration the question
to which the Senator from Michigan alludes ;
that is, the question whether it comes within
the limits of heretofore granted rights either
to the Northern Pacific or the Southern Pa-
cific railroad, or anybody else. But we say
to the commission, •'Locate it somewhere, if
you can—in some area in the north which shall
be suited to the wants of the Indian, and
report it to Congress." If, upon that report,
it shall be found to be consistent with the
rights of the United States, to be compatible
with its interests, then I submit ^e ought to
say to the Indian, "If you will take your place
there on the continent it shall be secured to
you against the rights of the settlers." But
I would subject it to the jurisdiction of the
United States, for I hold that we ought to
extend our jurisdiction and our laws over
these tribes, and it should not depend upon
the conditions of a treaty whether the citizens
of the United States shall pass over the ter-
ritory they inhabit, or whether the United
States shall charter railroad corporations or
anything of that sort.
Mr. RAMSEY. Has the Senator fixed his
boundaries? Is he through with his amend-
ments to this second section ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir.
Mr. RAMSEY. Has the Senate voted- upon
all those amendments?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sif.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then I move a- further
amendment, to insert after the word "rivers,"
in the sixth lino the words " south of the forty-
fourth degree of north latitude."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be in order after the amendment now
pending is disposed of.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I thought it had
been adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No vote has
been taken upon it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I beg pardon ;
I thought it was.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Maine, in section two, line thirteen, aftei* the
word " thereon" to strike out the words " and
no person not connected with said tribes shall
ever be permitted to enter thereon without the
permission of the tribes interested," and to
insert "secured to said Indians subject only to
the jurisdiction of the United States."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move further to amend
this second section by striking out in the third
line the words "north of the State of Ne-
braska," and in lines four, five, and six, by
striking out the words " and east of the trav-
eled routes to Montana Territory, upon the
waters of the White Earth, the Cheyenne, the
Little Missouri, and the Yellowstone rivers ; "
so as to leave all the country west of the Mis-
souri river and north of the line of Nebraska
open to the selection of this commission. They
have but to provide for about thirty-five or
forty thousand Indians, and I am sure they
can get a passable country in all that large dis-
trict, country that is in some degree agricul-
tural, as much_ so as the Indians require at
least, without giving the commission the priv-
ilege of settling these Indians all through that
country.
Mr. HENDERSON. I want to hear the
amendment read. I do not understand it.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was in section two, line three, to strike out the
words north of the State of Nebraska," and
in lines four, five, and six to strike out the
words "and east of the traveled routes to
Montana Territory, upon the waters of the
White Earth, the Cheyenne^ the Little Mis-
souri, and the Yellowstone rivers;" so that
the section will read:
_ That said commissioners are required to exam-
ine a district of country lying west of the Missouri
river of sufficient area to receive all the Indian
tribes, &o.
Mr. HENDERSON. I should like to know
the object of the amendment.
Mr. RAMSEY. Mr. President, I am not
opposed to the general scope and purpose of
this bill. I approve of it. I approve of select-
ing reservations and locating the Indians upon
them; but certainly from this debate it must
be clear to the Senate that there has been no
very thorough examination of the districts of
country named in this bill. The matter d^es
not seem to be very well understood, and has
not been well considered. Hence I think it ia
wrong at this stage of the business to hamper
and confine this commission to the designation
of localities for these reservations ; we should
leave that whole matter to their judgment.
The purpose of the_ committee seems to be to
provide for the Indians a reservation north of
the Central Pacific railroad and west of the
Missouri river. Then why follow that np with
any more particular designations in the absence
of more full information than the committee
seem to have about it ?
The Senator from Maine, in his liberality and
generosity to the Indians, after they have been
driven out fifteen hundred miles to the West
and despoiled of their country, seems disposed,
and the chairman of the committee seems dis-
posed, to locate them forever, and give them
a title that shall hereafter be considered sacred
beyond all Indian titles, upon the poorest lands,
as" they describe them themselves, that they
can find upon the continent; the bad lands west
of the Missouri and the Staked Plains down in
northern Texas. That is very liberal and very
generous, is it not? But, after all, from what
we have learned in this debate, I think the
largest range should be left to this commission,
that they may select throughout all the country
west of the Missouri river.
There are but thirty-five thousand Indians to
provide for. There are the hostile Sioux, the
Teton Sioux; there are fifteen thousand of
them, and they are not all hostile. Then there
are some of the northern Cheyennes and the
Arapahoes ; and assuming that you intend to
provide for the Indians north of this line not
hostile, there are the Crows, about ten thou-
sand, and the Blackfeet, about seven thousand;
and that is all that you have to provide for—not
over about thirty-five thousand Indians.
Mr. HENDERSON. How many Sioux?
Mr. RAMSEY. About fifteen thousand
Teton Sioux.
Mr. HENDERSON. But they are not all
the entire band of Sioux up there. The object
is to take all.
Mr. RAMSEY. They are all the Dakotas
that are hostile. The Sissetons and Wahpetons
are provided for by a treaty which you ratified
at the last session of Congress. The Medawa-
kantons and the Waupakootas are down on a
reservation near the mouth of the Niobrara,
and the Yanctons have a reservation down
below Fort Randall; they are few in number.
The hostile Sioux are entirely Tetons, and they
number about fifteen thousand. There are
only about thirty-five thousand Indians in all
to be provided for.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am not at all par-
ticular about this matter. I suppose the Sen-
ator, from the intimation he has made, is
under the impression that the committee are
attempting to block up the way of the North-
ern Pacific railroad. I can assure the Senator
from Minnesota that an idea of that sort never
entered my mind.
Mr. RAMSEY. I distinctly said that I did
not think that was the purpose, but it looked
like it.
Mr. HENDERSON. That may be the case;
but I did not think of the railroad in drafting-
the bill; and now I can state to the Senator
that according to my recollection of the char-
ter of that road, the bill as it stands will throw
his road north of the reservation proposed.
If the Senator is of the impression that it does
not, let him strike outthewords "andYellow-
stone,'' and that surely will confine the reser-
vation entirely south of the proposed line of
the North Pacific railroad. If there is any
Senator here who is favorable to a measure of
that sort, I suppose that I am. I have never
been inimical to it. I desire, to see it con-
structed. I do not wish to put any obstacle in
the way of its construction.
