678
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
designated, asked a conference on the disagree-
ing vctes of the two Houses, and had appointed
Mr. J. M. Ashley of Ohio, Mr. Amasa Cobb
of Wisconsin, and Mr. C. E. Phelps of Mary-
land, managers on the part of the House.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, the Senate ad-
hered to its amendment to House bill No. 108.
A subsequent message from the House of
Representatives announced that the House
receded from its disagreement to the amend-
ment of the Senate to House bill No. 108, and
agreed to the same.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A subsequent message announced that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed the following enrolled bills; and they
were thereupon signed by. the President pro
tempore:
A bill (H. R. No. 130) supplementary to an
act entitled "An act making appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government
for the year ending June 30, 1868, and for
other purposes," passed March 2, 1867 ;
A bill (S. No. 127) for the relief of Melinda
Harmon, of the county of Greene, and State
of Tennessee, widow of Jacob Harmon; and
A bill (H. R. No. 108) for the relief of
certain soldiers and sailors therein designated.
PEACE WITII INDIAN TKIIiKS.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate
proceed with the consideration of the unfin-
ished business of yesterday.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 136) to estab-
lish peace with certain hostile Indian tribes;
the pending question being on the amendment
offered by Mr. Howe, to strike out the second
second section of the bill, as amended, in these
words:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That said commis-
sioners are required to examine a district of country
lying north of the State of Nebraska, west of the
Missouri river, and east of the traveled routes to
Montana Territory, upon the waters of the White
Earth, the Cheyenne, and the Little Missouri rivers,
^outh of the forty-fifth degree of north latitude,
of sufficient area to receive all the Indian tribes now
occupying territory cast of the Rocky mountains and
north of the Platte river and the State of Iowa; in
which district there shall bo a sufficient quantity of
tillable land to enable the said tribes to support
themselves by labor, and if suited to that purpose to
select and describe tbesainc. Said territory, when so
selected, and the selection approved by Congress, shall
be and remain a permanent home for the Indians
located thereon, secured to said Indians, subject only
to the jurisdiction of the United States.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not think this section
ought to be stricken out, with the view 1 take
of the subject. There are several points, how-
ever, suggested by the bill in relation to which
I desire to submit a very few remarks, and I
will be as brief as possible, and follow the order
in which they arise in the bill.
ihc object of the bill, I suppose, is approved
by every member of the Senate,' it being its
purpose, as I understand it, to remove the
Indians from the Plains immediately west of
the settlements in Ivansas and Nebraska with a
view of greater security of life and property
on the great lines of travel between the States
on the Missouri river and the Rocky mountains,
and ultimately the Pacific coast. These Plains
are now infested, it is said, by a few bands of
Indians, numbering about sixteen hundred war-
riors, tha^are hostile to the United States and
committing constant depredations on individ-
uals and property. ^ Some of them occupy a
portion of this territory under treaty stipula-
tions, but as they are now engaged in hostili-
ties their rights under the treaties of course
have been abandoned, and the Government
would have the right to remove them. It 'is
thought they can be removed by peaceful means
more successfully than by a more vigorous
prosecution of the war against them ; and hence
the committee propose the appointment of com-
missioners to see them and treat with them.
I think, however, the committee have made a
mistake in .attempting to appoint the commis-
sioners in the bill itself; and in connection with
this suggestion I ask their attention to the pro-
visions of the Constitution, and also to what
has been the policy of the Government from
the beginning. The Constitution of the United
States says:
"He [the President] shall have power, by and
with the advice and consent of tve Senate, to make
treaties."
I know of no instance in which Congress
has attempted, through its own legislative
machinery, or through the action of individ-
uals appointed by Congress, to make a treaty,
either with the Indian tribes or with foreign
Powers ; and I see no necessity, if it were not
unconstitutional, in attempting now to depart
from what has been heretofore the policy of
the Government. "With a view of testing the
judgment of the Senate on this subject, at the
proper time, if no one else shall do so, I will
move to amend that section so as to authorize
the President to appoint commissioners to
negotiate with these Indians.
That brings me to the second section of the
bill, which proposes that these commissioners
when appointed shall make a selection of ter-
ritory north of the north line of Nebraska,
on which to locate the Indians that are now
residing north of the Platte river. The exact
question, now pending is the motion to strike
out that section of the bill, under the belief on
the part of the Senator from Wisconsin who
made the motion, [Mr.'Howe.] that all these
Indians might be removed to what is called the
Indian Territory, south of the State of Kan-
sas and west of the State of Arkansas. I
think, perhaps, that Senator has not reflected
that these Indians could not probably live in
peace with the Indians now located in that
Territory. The most of the Indians now en-
gaged in hostilities are a wild, nomadic peo-
ple, who live by the chase almost exclusively.
I do not think they make any attempt to cul-
tivate the soil, or to live by pastoral pursuits
of any kind; and they would be as dangerous
to the peace and quiet of the civilized Indians
in the Indian Territory as they now are to the
white settlers on the frontier. But, besides
that, it would be exceedingly difficult to induce
-them to remove.
Mr. HOWE. Upon that point will the Sen-
ator allow me to suggest to him whether the
second section of this very bill does not pro-
pose to send the Cheyennes down into this
very country, and if they are not Indians for
all the world cousins-german to the Sioux,
who, the Senator says, cannot be sent there?
Mr. HARLAN. I will come to that pres-
ently, but for the time being will state that the
Cheyennes are divided, and part of them have
for a long time been inhabiting the southern
part of the Plains, and part of them have been
living north.
But, sir, tbi3 section seems to contemplate
an arrangement with other tribes of Indians
residing on the spurs of the mountains, and
east of them, as well as those actually engaged
t?i hostilities. There are the Crows and the
Blackfeet, who have inhabited this region of
country for centuries, and who are as much
attached to the soil, doubtless, as the white
people are attached to their homes, and they
would be as difficult to remove as the people
of Switzerland would be from the hills on which
they have resided for centuries.
_ Mr. HOWE. I understand by the first sec-
tion of the bill that these commissioners are
only to treat with those Indians who are
engaged in hostilities with the United States.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator will pardon
me for calling his attention to the fourth sec-
tion of the bill, which seems to contemplate the
negotiation of treaties with all those tribes.
Mr. HOWE. I am aware of that section.
If that shall continue to be a part of the bill
then the Senator's remarks will be in point.
Mr.HARLAN. I do not think, Mr. Presi-
dent, it would be wise at this time to attempt
to remove all these tribes of Indians from the
extreme north to the extreme southern por-
tion of this territory, ft would be difficult, to
I do it by force, and I am quite sure they would
not consent to go.
But there is an additional fact in connection
with this feature of the subject, to ^hich I
should like to have the attention of the mem-
bers of the committee; and that is, that they
propose but one district of country or one res-
ervation. -Doubtless they know, and on my
calling their attention to it will be aware of
the fact that these Indians do not live in har-
mony with each other; that they are from time
to time engaged in hostilities, and are at en-
mity with each other from age to age; and if
an effort should be made to crowd them all
on one_ reservation, it would be laying the
foundation for their extermination by the hos-
tilities of each with the other. Hence I think
that section of the bill, if it should not be
stricken out, ought to be modified so as to
allow the commissioners to select "reserva-
tions" instead of "a reservation," with a view
of locating those that are hostile to each other
at remote points from each other, with a view
to their living in peace and harmony, not only
with the people of the United States, but with
each other.
The third section proposes to select a similar
district "south of the State of Kansas, and
west of the State of Arkansas, including the
present Indian Territory, or such part of it as
may be necessary.'' I think that section ought
not to be adopted in its present shape. As I
before remarked, these Indians are civilized,
at least a very large proportion of them. There
are in the neighborhood of sixty thousand
Indians now residing in this Indian Territory.
Perhaps one-half of them, in point of gen-
eral intelligence and civilization, will compare
favorably with the white people of any of the
States. They do not live by the chase, but by
agricultural pursuits. They have a written lan-
guage, and live under written laws enacted by
legislatures regularly constituted. In addition
to this, they own the land in fee-simple. The
Government of the United States has no more
legal right to oust them from their possessions
than it would Jiave to oust you, sir, from the
homestead on which you live. These Indians,
however, have, in treaties that were ratified
about a year since, ceded to the United States
as trustee for the use of other civilized Indians
a part of this territory; but they were very
careful to include in those treaties the pro-
vision that it was to be for the use of other
civilized Indians; bringing me to the point
before named, that they would be as much
endangered by the location of hostile tribes of
Indians in their immediate vicinity as white
people would be ; and if we now were to even
take that portion of the territory that has been
ceded to the United States for the purposes
named and bestow it on wild, uncultivated
savage tribes of Indians, and bring them into
the immediate vicinity of these civilized tribes,
and thus endanger their peace and quiet, in
my opinion the United States would be break-
ing faith with these Indians in so gross a man-
ner as not to justify itself to the approval of
any member of this body. If that clause in
the bill, therefore, should stand, it ought, in my
opinion, to be amended so as to preserve to
4[ic Indians now residing in that Territory the
rights that they can properly claim under the
treaties that have been ratified between the
United States and them since the termination
of the war of the rebellion.
Hie PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is in
order to amend the section before it is stricken
out.
Mr. HARLAN. When the proper time
comes, if the committee, or other members of
the Senate, should not remove the objections
that I have to the section as it now stands, I will
make a motion to amend it in the manner sug-
gested.
_ This brings me to the fourth section of the
bill, by which these commissioners, when
appointed—
With a view to the ultimate concentration of all tho
Indians named in sections two and throe of this act
