1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
think, if I had the power, I would bring back
the women and children into the settlements
and keep them there, far beyond the reach of
their husbands and fathers. I would not hang
them nor slaughter them, but I would feed
them. You naver can defeat the Indian by
attacking the Indian himself. Yon must go to
his habitation, for, after all—you call him semi-
civilized—he is an affectionate creature, who,
sooner or later, will come back to the buffalo
robe that covers his wife and his children ; and
if you have the control over their persons, you
have the control over him, and only in that
way.
Sir, it is impossible to pursue these Indians
over the Plains with our troops unless you
adopt the western mode of fighting, and our
friends here would revolt at the old manner of
fighting the Indians. Then men who had felt
the wrongs of Indian warfare, who had suffered
some grievous wrong from them, took up the
tomahawk and the scalping knife in Indian
fashion. Like Cooper's hero, they assumed
the dress and fashion of the Indian, and then
the prowess of the white man, even in barbaric
virtues, was greater than that of the Indian.
By that means alone can you fight the Indian
warrior—by assuming his dress, by assuming
his weapons, by following upon his track. You
may fight him in that way ; but who desires to
see the United States fight the Indians in that
way ? That was tlie way by which the Indians
were driven from the States of Pennsylvania,
New York, and nearly all the middle States.
That was the way by which the Indians were
driven from Indiana, and Ohio, and the West.
As a matter of course, no one proposes to fight
them in this way; but there is no other way of
fighting the Indians except either by arming
our people in the West in a kind of uncivilized
warfare to destroy the Indians, or else to seize
their people, men, women, and children,
wherever you can find them, and bring them
within the reach of civilization, far within our
lines. There you can control and manage
them.
But, sir, as I said before, I did not intend to
take up the time of the Senate, but only to
make these remarks, especially in regard to
General Pope and the course the military offi-
cers generally have seen fit to pursue. It is a
very ungracious task I know, and Senators
around me know, for some of them have told
me, I hat our officers there are begging on the
one hand the white people not to go to the
Indians, fighting them off. The people out
West want to offer a premium for sealps. They
want to resume the old-fashioned way of fight-
ing the Indians. The army stands there as a
bulwark against the white as well as a bulwark
against the Indians. It is a very unpleasant
altitude. Now, if this bill does open away by
which a parley may be brought about, by which
we may have some kind of conference with
the Indians, which at least will postpone mur-
der and robbery and massacre for a while, I
am willing to vote the half a million dollars
involved in it, with the hope that some good
may result ; at least that some delay may be
causcd in the operations now going on upon
the Plains. Prom the advices we have, a des-
ultory warfare now exists over a region of
country nearly eight hundred miles long by
three hundred miles wide. If wo can stnp this
warfare by the spending of a considerable sum
of money it will be a saving, not only of our
funds, but I think of the character of onr
civilization and the character of our nation.
Mry POME ROY. I shall vote for this bill
as a sort of temporary measure, as the Sen-
ator from Ohio has said. I do not believe that
anv .-.ystem of this kind will be a permanent
settlement. I agree with what the Senator
from Ohio lias said very fully in regard to that
point. The. Senator's information, however,
differs from mine in one respect. 1 never
have known an Indian tribe go to war and
leave their women and children exposed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not say they did.
Mr. POMEROY. I understood the Sen-
ator to sav he met their old men, women, and
children, and the old men would smoke with
him, and the women and children would beg.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is true; but at that
time the warriors were off north. They pro-
fessed to be at peace. There was no war
then. That was in August of last year; but
only three months afterward that particular
band of Indians, no doubt the_ very men then
away from their homes, committed the murder
of Lieutenant Fetterman and his command.
Mr. POMEROY. They might have gone
into war afterward ; but my information about
Indian warfare is, that when a tribe propose
to go to war, the very first thing they do is
to remove their lodges and their women and
children, and they never leave them exposed.
When General Hancock burned a village, the
very fact that they had a village ought to have
been evidence to him that they were not fight-
ing, for their first business is to destroy their
villages themselves. 'Their villages consist
simply of buffalo-skin tents got up in an extem-
porized and temporary manner. The first
business of the tribe when they go to war is to
destroy their own villages, move their women
and children, and then they select their war-
riors and make their attack, if an attack is to
be made. It ought to have been evidence to
General Hancock that that band particularly
were not at, war, or they would not have had
any village for him to burn.
I agree with what the Senator from Iowa has
said in regard to trying to get these Indians
upon one reservation or two reservations. It
cannot be done. If you amend this bill by
striking out the second section, and undertake
to remove them all into the Indian country, it
is a thing preposterous. You might just as
well remove them into Delaware: you might
just as well remove them into my own State
or any other State. These roving bands of
hostile Indians who are at war cannot be put
down among civilized Indians. If that was
attempted they would only destroy each other,
and it would only be a hasty effort at extermi-
nation. I believe that this commission, instead
of being limited, as the bill prescribes, should
have more latitude, and instead of selecting
one or two reservations, should have discretion
to recommend at least several; and then it
will be for the action of Congress to approve
or disapprove.
I believe, however, religiously, that the only
ultimate solution of this whole question is,
that the Indian shall take his place among
other men and accept the march of civilization,
as he must ultimately, or there is nothing ex-
cept his destiny that awaits him, which is
extinction. The tact is, there are battles with
fate that can never be won. We may have as
many theories on this subject as we please. I
believe that these Indians should be concen-
trated, and let the different tribes take their
choice. Those that prefer to go north, let
them go north, and those that prefer to go
south, let them go south. But they ought
not to be put on reservations with other In-
dians : and it may not be prudent even to put
them alongside of civilized Indians. They
should be sufficiently removed, so that they
will know definitely their' limits; and those
limits should not interfere with the prescribed
limits of other tribes.
This is a most difficult, and delicate question,
but I can see nothing better than to commit it
to a commission with large discretion. I would
not limit them in this law to particular localities
and defined boundaries. That is an immense
country, and let this commission go out there,
as there is nothing final in their action, with
enlarged powers to find a suitable country for
the Indians. If they are prescribed in this
statute so that they cannot go where they ought
to go, they will simply report that they have
not been able under the provisions of this bill
to locate them where they ought to be located,
and that will be an embarrassment which we
shall meet at the next session. Instead of
striking out the second section, you ought to
put in another section very much like it; that
is. that thov m v examine both the southern
and northern country and select one or more
reservations, and I would give them enlarged
powers, because, after all, they can only recom-
mend. I shall vote for this bill. I like the
amendments suggested by the Senator from
Iowa, and I hope he will make them.
Mr. HOWE. I do not pretend to be skilled
in Indian affairs; but I have taken something
of an interest in this question ever since my
recent trip to the West, and I think, if I have
not a very correct idea, I hare got a very
fixed idea as to what ought to be done. I
have this idea to begin with: that whatever is
done, ought to be done at once. The fact is,
you are expending from one to two millions a
week to defend a widespread frontier popula-
tion that you must defend, and to protect an
already voluminous commerce which is pour-
ing through that country between the Missis-
sippi and the Pacific. You are expending, I
say, from one to two millions a week. Hostil-
ities, you are told, actually exist. It is a fact.
Blood is running: and why? I think I know
why. It is not because anybody wants to fight
in the world. 1 am perfectly satisfied the
Indians no more want to fight than we do.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Xor half as much.
Mr. HOWE. Nor half as much, the Sen-
ator from Maine says. Certainly the United
States, whatever may be the disposition of
individuals, does not want to fight this rem-
nant of Indians, it is just as conclusive, in
my miifd, that this remnant of Indians do not
want to fight the United States; and yet they
are fighting, and they are fighting, as I believe,
for all the world just for that reason that you
have seen two drunken men fight: because in
their staggering condition they happened to
collide, and because they have not moral force
enough to separate themselves. We are fight-
ing just for those reasons. We have come to-
gether, these Indians with our frontiers ; we
have got by the ears : and we as yet have not
discovered any way of getting apart. I do
think, upon my soul, Mr. President., that this
bill tends to a separation in some of its fea-
tures ; and I do think, if the Senate would
attend rightly to it, it can be perfected so as
to effect a separation, and a separation, I do
believe, for all time.
I subscribe almost word by word, and letter
by letter, to the gospel just proclaimed here by
the Senator from Ohio. 1 want to make a
qualification : it is true historically that the
obligations of your treaties have not been
attended to or observed at all by our Govern-
ment or by our people : but it is not true that
the American people or the American Gov-
ernment cannot be trusted. The obligations
of a treaty will be observed when you find a
treaty which ought to be preserved. A title is
as secure and as safe in the United States as
it is anywhere in the world. When a man
claims under a title that ought to be respected,-
that title is respected here as much as any-
where else. But the trouble is that by your
treaties heretofore you have turned out to bar-
barism immense tracts of eonntry which were
needed by civilization. Now, you ought not
to do that, and you cannot do it. You must
remember that already this population of ours
has taken hold of both our coasts, the eastern
and the western. You must remember that
the emigration of the world is being poured in
here, and it will have free course: it will run ;
and I believe it will be glorified. Yon cannot
any more limit the swash of this population by
treaty, than you can protect by treaty the
Nahant beach against the surges of the ocean,
and you should not try it. Humanity! That
is no dictate of humanity which requires that
civilization should stand back while barbarism
has free scope to disport itself here or else-
where.
But, Mr. President, while I hold that the
highest humanity demands that barbarism
and not civilization should give way, I do hold
that there is a civilized and a batbarous way
also of making barbarism give way. The Sen-
ator from Ohio I think has struck the very
truth of this matter when he sa^s that these
