1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
687
for treaties, nor laws, nor the good faitli of the
nation,' nor its honor, nor humanity. He
seems to feel as if in the service of the border.
That is what his words imply. We are going
forward in the spirit of the border, and on this
showing your treaties are a lie, a mockery, and
a shame. 1 was sorry to hear the honorable
Senator from Ohio make a solemn confession,
not only that this was so now, but that it has
been so in all the past, and must be so in the
future. If, says the honorable Senator, you
pass this bill, it is all as a rope of sand ; it will
be violated. Senators, I ask you to pronounce
a word now which shall not be violated. I ask
you to speak a word now and establish a right
so definite, certain, and absolute, in regard to
the Indian, that there is no power on earth,
the right being on our side, which can violate
it with impunity.
The savage is in extremity. Your popula-
tion has driven him into the very fastnesses of
the center of the continent where there is no
escape, where he has not even the poor pitiful
prospect of extinction in the western sea, the
Pacific ocean, at no remote day. The peril is
imminent on him this moment. You have
placed him in an extremity. You are approach-
ing him on both sides with resistless columns of
population ; civilization with a flaming sword
advances on him from both oceans. You
have driven him into the fastnesses, and you
are asked to say that you will give him one
foot of land on which he can stand and be
safe; and the reply is, " absorb him ;" '• his
inevitable doom is extinction ; " "we may want
to build a railroad"—God only knows where.
The honorable Senator from Michigan says
we have got large rights upon the northern
border, railroad rights. What is humanity?
Sir, I do not ask you to give up railroads; I
do not ask you to appropriate any considera-
ble portion of the continent; I do not ask you
to strip any individual white man or anybody
else of his rights ; I only say, take a commis-
sion of your own choice; take a commission,
not of the humanitarian, "sickly sentimental-
ity" of the country, but take men of iron will,
take men who will be governed by their judg-
ment and intellect alone, and instruct them to
find some place, however small, where these
people can be gathered together and be safe
from the invasions that are rtfade upon them,
be safe from that spirit which, while my hon-
orable friend from Michigan does not invoke,
he gives full play.
IS or, sir, is there the poor justification or
apology even for General Pope in the idea that
he supposed he was executing a law and was
not called upon to be technical and lawyer-like
as to whether the law or the treaty was su-
preme. He does not seem to make that plea,
if he had had my honorable friend from Ohio
for counsel at^an early period he would have
stood a great deal better before the nation.
He puts in an ingenious and lawyer-like plea,
that he was executing a law and blundered on
the law, not remembering the treaty. He blun-
-dered on the Gospel: there is the trouble. He
blundered on those instincts and intuitions
which are common to men. He blundered on
the great law of right reason, and of course ho
confounded and the end is confusion, as it
ever must be. It will go down to posterity as
a blot and a stain on him, and on us, too, if
we do not wash it out and rebuke it. General
Pope does not put in the plea of my honorable
friend that he blundered on the law. He puts
it on the broad ground that he is faithless be-
cause the nation is faithless, and the nation is
faithless on account of its creed; the nation
ia faithless on the ground that the Indian has
no rights, that he is a doomed man, and we
are not bound as statesmen to interpose to save
him from destruction. That is his sin; that is
his difficulty, that he mistakes these men for
beasts of prey, and not as men entitled to be
treated as human beings. That is his great
mistake, a grievous mistake, a mistake gratui-
tously made. He traveled out of the way to
make it. He made his own record^ taking
counsel not of the Government, not of his su-
perior, not of the spirit of the age, but he takes
it of the worst passions that gather always upon
the advance guard in these great marches of
population which go forward to subdue and
populate the earth.
Now, Mr. President, there is not the slight-
est excuse or pretense for this war. We are
not called upon to appropriate one dollar for
war; and here a word of reply to the remark
of the honorable Senator from Minnesota.
There is no war in this country with the In-
dians in any proper sense or in any enlarged
or just sense whatever. Who says there is
war?
Mr. RAMSEY. In this very bill you say it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Have it stricken
out then.
Mr. RAMSEY. The first section of the bill,
the eleventh line, says it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wonder the
honorable Senator has not had it stricken out;
it is a misnomer; it does not apply to our situ-
ation or condition; it does not describe it at
all. Who says there is war? Who ought to
know? The President of the United States.
Has he said anything about it? Not a word.
The first thing we did when we met in session
here was to send a committee to the President
to know if he had any communication to make
to us. Now, if war on the border had sprung
up since we left, was it not his duty to make
that communication ? Certainly it was. Ashe
did not make that, we have no right to pre-
sume it.
The Secretary of War has been called upon
on this subject ten days ago to tell us whether
there was war on the border. He is silent;
he has sent no communication in reply. The
General of the Army makes no communica-
tion, gives you no hint that there is war which
requires the interference of Congress. Gen-
eral Sherman, on the other hand, in command,
cognizant of the wholfe thing, it being all under
his command, says the nation has not a decent
excuse for war. Of course he is not making
it then. General Sherman is not the man to
do indecent things any way ; and in a very recent
communication he tells the nation there is not
a decent excuse for making war on the Indians,
and of course he is not waging it, and of course
he is not invoking it, and of course he does
not want our aid on that subject. Is not that
so ? But still we have the cry of war ; I know
we have. I believe he says it is for us to choose
whether we wiil have war. We are all in the
wrong now. If we choose to prosecute the
wrong we can have war. If you choose to
return to your strict treat}' stipulations, if you
choose to do justice to the Indian, you can
have peace. That is his language ; that is his
doctrine; that is my belief. Whence, then,
this cry on the border? It is the spirit of the
border. I do not mean to say that in any
offensive sense at all. I do not mean to char-
acterize the spirit of the border as infernal,
reckless. I know every community has its
reckless men and bad men, and I know that
the bold and daring and reckless are very
likely to crowd into the advance guard of pop-
ulation which makes its way. That is the way
I account for it. The great bulk of the people
on the border are as humane, I do not doubt,
as most men, most communities; but the
adventurers and the reckless from all the land
and from all other lands crowd in and crowd
on in this great march, eager to pursue it irre-
Ij spective of the rights of the Indian; and so
|| he is trampled in the dust, and so conflict
j! comes ; anil that is all the war there is. It is
|| in no sense a war; it is a conflict on the bor-
i der, and our responsibility is about it; that
i instead of pursuing the Indian when he has
1 not violated our treaties, we did not turn our
; arms to the rear and march back upon the
j border and command order and obedience,
; rebuke the spirit of the border and say, ''Peace.
I be still;" and this nation can command it and
ought to command it. That is the remedy for
what afflicts the nation, disturbs its repose
and exhausts its treasury.
Mr. President, I have been drawn into re-
marks to a much greater extent than I contem-
plated when I rose, and I conclude by saying
that there is only one feature in this bill I care
anything for. You may fix the limits as you
please. This bill has been criticised in vari-
ous directions. Some say it is broad. Some
say that the second section of the bill contem-
plates the location of the Indians in an inhos-
pitably bad country, that it will be impossible
for them to survive. I hardly need say after
what I have said already that that is not my
purpose, that is no part of the purpose of the
committee. If there is danger of that I should
hop^the Senate would adopt the broader view
of my honorable friend from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Howe,] which is that we should not limit the
commission, but allow,them to find a place'for
those Indians anywhere. I believe that is the
view of the committee. These "limitations in
the bill were' only directory: they should be
called upon to examine those particular local-
ities with the view of finding some locality out-
side of the immediate collision, because of the
railway enterprises which are going forward,
and to which, when they were removed, they
should be entirely set aside from all those
enterprises and not liable thereafter to come
in contact with our people. On all that part of
the hill I have not a word to say. Gentlemen
may direct this commission wherever they please
and to whatever section of the continent they
please. The only interest I take in this bill is
the .brief amendment I submitted yesterday,
and that is that when they do locate them,
when they do find a locality which they say is
suitable, which may be cultivated as a means
of support, that it shall be to them a home;
they shall not be disturbed by the settler ; the
lands shall be withdrawn from settlement; they
shall not be open to the settler; they shall be
open to no interference and no intrusion save
and except only that general jurisdiction which
the Government of the United States ought
never to part with over all its people, both
denizens and citizens. That is all I invoke
for the Indian. All the rest I care nothing
for. I make no issue with any Senator who
thinks it is too narrow or too broad. Go where
you please; let your commission locate where
in their judgment it is practicable for these
people to live and secure it to them, and I am
content. My antagonism is with the doctrine
which has been promulgated here that consigns
them to utter extinction. Against that I have
always protested. I protest now, and I trust in
God I shall never live to see the day when I
will not protest here or elsewhere.
Mr, THAYER. Mr. President, it is not my
desire to be a participant to any great extent in
the discussions of this body, at least so soon
after entering it: but I hope I shall be indulged
if I occupy a very brief portion of the time of
the Senate in saying a few words on this ocea-
j sion, especially as the border' from which I
come has been the subject of the kind remarks
of my friend from Maine.
: I think it must be apparent to every member
j of the Senate that there is a condition of things
j on the border which should arrest the attention
of this Congress. I think the reports of our
j Government commissioners, the reports of our
i military officers, and the statements of news-
i paper reports, (though the latter may be some-
I what exaggerated.) furnish :-ufficient evidence
! to justify this Congress in taking some action
in reference to the subject. 1 had hoped that
the Senate would approach it calmly, dispas-
sionately, and without prejudice. I certainly
feel conscious of having no prejudice in the
matter, and I desire to consider it in that
spirit.
Now, there is a war there, no matter if it
i may not come up to our ideas of civilized war.
There is a kind of warfare existing there which
should be arrested. The necessity of the ease
appeals to this Congress and to every member
of it to adopt some legislation which shall
bring it to a termination. It is with that pur-
pose that I rise to ask the Senate to give this
bill, or a bill similar to it, faNorable consider-
ation. I do not come here to advocate the
