688
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jilly 17,
extermination of the Indians; and if my friend
• from Maine would take a trip to tlie border and
spend a yeftr there, or even six montlis, I pledge
him my word, if it ig worth anything, that he
would come back a new man in reference to
, this question, renewed in heart and spirit; he
would eome baek with.entirely different notions
in regard to the border and to this Indian ques-
tion. flow can one understand the q#estion
clearly; how can one be thoroughly posted
who has never seen that region of country and
only judges by reports in the newspapers? I
have seen dispatch after dispatch sent abroad
over this country which gave an entirely erro-
neous view as to the condition of things and as
to the causes of these difficulties. No matter
who may be to blame, whether the white people
or the Indians, the necessity comes home to us
to act so as to'arrest the existing state of things.
We had better spend a million to-day in carry-
ing out a system of policy that shall put an end
to these difficulties than five hundred millions
two years hence; for if this state of things con-
tinues it will come to that.
I grant.you there has been no declaration of
war on the part of Congress, and no proclama-
tion has been issued by the President declaring
the existence of a state of hostilities; but there
is a hostile condition of things there, which the
border appeals to Congress to arrest. If there
is to be a war, the people of the border want
a short, quick, sharp, incisive, and decisive
campaign, and want the matter ended. 1
believe no instructions whatever have been
given to General Sherman as to whether he
shall carry on a war or not. He is ordered out
with Ms forces to protect the settlers and pre-
vent Indian hostilities; and yet nothing has
been laid down by Congress as to what shall
be done or what shall not be done. I do not
believe General Sherman wants a war. I have
in my hand a letter received from him a few
days ago, in which he says :
" Til the mean time I trust Congress will prescribe
clearly by law what the military ought to do, and
say who shall declnro war against any and what
Indians. This should not bo lelt an open question."
He has only troops enough to guard the two
lines of railroad, and is not even able to afford
protection to them at all points. Tot he is
doing his utmost to accomplish that object.
The impression has been generally circulated
through the eastern SLates, and has been ad-
vanced here, that the people of the border are
in favor of a war. 1 find in the New York
Tribune of the 11th of Juue what purports to
be a statement of the report of General Buf'ord,
one of the commissioners to investigate the
Fort Phil. Kearney massacre, which I will
read:
"General N.B. Buf'ord, one of the special commis-
sioners appointed to visit Dakota and investigate
the 1-ort Phil. Kearney massacre, says there is no
pieccssity tor an Indian war, and there would bo none
if tho Indians woro protected from tho rapacity and
rascality oi frontier settlors,whose interests are to
V|!■ 1 nif on n war, and supply our armies with subsist-
ence at exorbitant prie'es. In faot, tho present war
which is upon us is nothing but a raid upon the Treas-
ury of the United States by the frontiersmen and
Army contractors. These men band together and
make false reports of alleged massacres by Indians,
aii'.i then call upon the Government to send troops to
IJiotcet them, when in fact they only ask foi thciil
that they may grow rich iiom the supplies furnished
them. These men see that the Pacilic raihoadisfasl
driving them out of business, because it l'uriii.-.hcd
supplies cheaper and with more dispatch to oar mil-
itary stations than tho ranche traders conkl do ;
therefore they get up the war so that the Indians can
be driven away from the lines of railroad, and our
Army following them must bo supplied as they were
heretofore. To show you the enormous profits made
by this class <jf people, it need only to bo stated that
atFort Laramie our Government pays four dollars
per bushel for oats, live dollars for corn, and one hun-
dred and twenty-five dollars per ton for hay. These
prices arc obtained by the sellers, creating the im-
pression that they run hair-breadth escapes on the
loatc to camp, when they arc in fact the instigators
ot thc hostilities. The employes of thoUnion Pacitic
iailroad are also advocates of war, because the trans-
portation of troops and passengers would put into
the treasury of the company largo sums of money."
Whereupon the Tribune says:
"Not long ago a military commission was appointed
to investigate Indian affairs, taking the inas aer<j at
AHort Kearney for a text. Though this event was
t*me its occurrence an exasperation
ot the first magnitude, the commissioners can only
report that the Indians are not greatly to blamo. We
infer this from the remark of one of tho most prom-
inent of their number, tfoneral Buford, that there is
no present need for an Indian war, and that there
would be none at any time could the savages bo pro-
tected from foes still morcsavagein effect than them-
selves—we mean the merciless and dishonest front-
iersman and tho swindling Army contractor, who
between them manage to sophisticate a war into
existence, not more at tho expense of the Indian,
whom they rob, than at the expense of the Army, by
which they profit enormously in the business of sup-
plies."
I give that as one specimen of the kind of
reports that are sent over the country. I ob-
served also a few weeks ago the following
statement in a dispatch from Washington to
the New York Tribune :
"Senator Henderson, chairman of the Indian
Committee, who has been out on the Plains with
General Hancock, says half the reports concerning
Indian depredations aio false, gotten up to make
money by putting the Government to eosfc. It cost
the Government in 1865 $29,000,000 to carry on the
Indian war, and 83,000,000 alone was paid one firm
on tho Kansas border for tho transportation of par-
ties whom tho newspapers call escorts; and traders
are engaged in provoking tho Indians to hostilities."
I wish to ask the chairman of the Committee
on Indian Affairs whether he was out with
General Hancock on any expedition ?
Mr. HENDERSON. I will state that I met
General Hancock at Forfc Harker. I did not
go any farther than Fort Harker. I was not
there with a view of looking into Indian mat-
ters. I was out on an excursion with a com-
pany. I suppose the statement to which the
Senator refers comes from a conversation which
I had at St. Louis with perhaps a newspaper
reporter; I did not know at the time that he
was a newspaper reporter. I do not recollect
all the facts stated in the extract which has
been read, but there are some statements there
of which I have some remembrance. Does the
Senator desire to know whether my opinion is
in accordance with the statement?
Mr. THAYER. The idea is here given out
that the chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs had been out on an Indian expedition
with General Hancock.
Mr. HENDERSON^ I was not.
Mr.TlTAYEU. That impression wentabroad,
and I wished to rail the Senator's attention to it.
Mr. HENDERSON. I will state to the Sen-
ator that I made 110 investigation of fndian
matters, but was on an excursion there, not
with a view of looking into Indian affairs. I
met General Hancock at Fort Leavenworth
first. 1 had no conversation with him there.
L met him again at Fort Harker, wliere I did
have some conversation on Indian affairs.
Many of the things stated in tho extract which
the Senator has read are, I think, true; some
of them, perhaps, are not true. My impression
is that a great many reports of Indian barbari-
ties are wholly untrue, and they are gotten up
for a purpose. For instance, the Senator will
remember that it was stated a very short time
agothat a steamboat had been seized by the
Indians on the Missouri river, and that all the
passengers and crew had been murdered and
scalped, and the boat burned. It tut-ned out
in the course of a few days that it was all a lie,
gotten up for a purpose, and that no steamboat
had been seized by the Indians at all. It is also
true that a firm at Leavenworth city last year
or the year before, I believe last year, was paid
some three millions for transportation. I could
very well conceive how a firm of that sort,
expecting to transport overland a large amount
of matter for the Army, would be interested in
sending these telegraphic reports abroad ; not
that to my knowledge they had done so. T will
state further that my impressions then were
and now are that a war was unnecessary, and
that it could have been avoided, and that we
can avoid it now and save a great deal of
expense, and that many of these reports ought
to have no attention paid to them.
Mr. THAYER. The Senator does not deny,
for I know he has too much evidence in his
possession not to be convinced that there is a
stale of hostilities 011 these lines of travel.
Mr. HENDERSON. No doubt about that.
Mr. THAYER. You have most complete
testimony bearing on that. I hold in my hand
an official statement from the engineer of the
Union Pacific railroad giving a list of killed
and wounded within a short time:
Camp No. 18, Fokt Wallace, June 29,1867.
Dear Sir: As a matter of record, I send you the
following statement of persons killed and wounded
by the Indians at and in the vicinity of this post
during the month of June, and the month is not yet
ended:
Soldiers—William H. Dummel, sergeant, company
G, seventh cavalry, killed; Frederick Wyllyams,
sergeant, company G, seventh cavalry, killed; James
Douglass, corporal, company G, seventh cavalry,
killed; JamesK.Ludlow, corpora], company G sev-
enth cavalry, badly wounded; Charles Clarke, bugler,
company G, seventh cavalry, killed; Frederick A
Bacon, private, company I, seventh cavalry, killed-
Peter Britton, private, company G, seventh cavalry,
badly wounded : John Ileaney, private, company L,
seventh cavalry, badly wounded; John G. Ham-
mond, private, company G, seventh cavalry, badly
wounded ; Jacob iS. Miller, private, company E, third
infantry,killed; Edward McNally, private, company
E, third infantry, killed; Frank Rheamer, private,
company G, seventh cavalry, killed; Hugh Riley,
private,company I, seventh cavalry, badly wounded;
Nathan Wail, private, company G, seventh cavalry,
killed; Thomas Towniey, ^private, company I, sev-
enth cavalry, wounded; Joseph WoldrolF, private,
company E, third infantry, killed;  Welsh, pri-
vate, company G, seventh cavalry, killed; George
GatTney, private, company I,seventh cavalry, wound-
ed;   Morehouse, private, company E, third
infantry, wounded; John Rivers, corporal, company
I, seventh cavalry, wounded.
Citizens—Warren Fancr, killed;   Thompson,
killed; two men unknown traveling east from Den-
ver, killed; —- McCarthy, mortally wounded; Mr.
Brownell (passenger in coach bound west) killed;
Mr. Blake, wounded; unknown, (another passenger,)
wounded.
Making a total of fifteen killed and twelve wound-
ed—pretty well for one locality in less than a month
in time of peace. Most of the soldiers wore killed in
the two tights that have occurred liere at the fort.
The first occurred on the21st„and the last on the
26th instant.
Wc are actually in a, state of seige here, and cannot
send out a man or team two miles from the fort with-
out an escort. We have no communication with the
outsidewoild and do not know what is going on around
us. The fort was considered in great and constant
danger before our arrival, and even now it is not con-
sidered safe.
The last stage from the East arrived on the 25th;
the one previous to that on the 13th ultimo. Tho last
stage from tho West arrived on the 23d, and the one
before that on the 17th ultimo. Tho stage station east
of here, Ilenshaw Springs, was attacked on the 21st,
and the one west of here, Pond Creek, on the 26th.
Over one hundred thousand dollars worth of prop-
erty belonging to tho stage company has been taken
or dest royed during the month of Jun e between Chalk
Bluit and Lake stations—a distance of one hundred
and eighty miles. All this will have to be paid for by
the United States.
Without being tedious and presenting all tho facts
in the case, I think I have shown enough to convince
any one that if this route is to bo kept open it must
bo furnished with additional military protection:
that it was very detrimental to our interests to take
the troops fioin the .Smoky Hill route to protect the
Platto route, and that the interests of our road and
tho country contiguous to our lino require that these
troops should be returned here at once and oven an
additional force sent liorc.
Very respectfully, W. W. WRIGHT,
Chief Engineer.
Jonx D. Pekiiy, JEsq.. President.
A true copy:
John* I>. Phrry, President.
The chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs lias abundant documentary evidence in
his possession showing that every day men are
killed on the line of these two roads. It can-
not be denied. Then there is a State of war-
fare there; I care not whether it is civilized
warfare or barbarous warfare, a state of hos-
tilities exist. It is true that it is desirable to
know who is responsible for it; but that is not
the question now to bo settled. I ask Con-
gress, shall this state of things continue or
not? That is what interests us on the border.
I alluded to a statement attributed to the
Senator from Missouri, as to a contractor
who is alleged to have received §",000,000.
I presume it is so, for the transportation
of freight over these routes last year was
immense. I alluded to it for the reason that
the person referred to is a citizen of Philadel-
phia, and not a citizen of the border.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator will allow
me, I will state that the contractors are all
broke. They have taken contracts at SI GO
per hundred pounds, and are paying $2 GO
themselves. Wells, Fargo k Co. would give
$1,000,000 to-day to get out of their contract.
Instead of making money, they are being broke.
There is not a man there who wants the con-
tract at the prices ihey took it.
