1867.
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
689
Mr. THAYER. I was coming to that very
point. The Quartermaster of the Department
of the Platte told me, before I left my home
at Omaha, that Wells, Fargo & Co., then in
the early part of June, were jn to the tune of
over five hundred thousand dollars dead loss.
And yet my friend from Maine says that the
contractors want an Indian war.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Oh, no; I did
not say that.
Mr. THAYER. I beg the Senator's par-
don. He did not make that declaration; but
that statement is being circulated all over the
East, and is the foundation for these homilies
•in regard to the people of,the border,
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I beg the Sen-
ator to understand that on that question there
is not the slightest testimony before the com-
mittee, and our people do not know anything
about it. n
Mr. THAYER. I read that statement from
one of the leading papers of New York city—
the New York Tribune and I could refer to
a similar article in the Boston Journal, which
certainly does circulate in the State of Maine.
That article was founded on this alleged report
of General Buford. And then it appealed to
the country somewhat in this style: ''Here,
you see, it is the people of the border who get
up these Indian wars." This brings to my
mind another incident. At the council between
General Hancock and the Indian chief by the
name of Satanter, Colonel Leavenworth, the
agent for his tribe, was present. The Indian
came in, and in the presence of Colonel Leav-
enworth charged him with cheating them out
of their money. That went abroad and was
the subject of remark. It was pointed to as
evidence of how these wars are gotten up.
Now, sir, General Sherman told me a short
timeago thathe indorsed exactly what Colonel
Leavenworth did in that particular instance ;
thathe withheld the money with General Sher-
man's approval, because these Indians had
captured the Box family in Texas, had killed
the father, and had kept the daughters captive,
who had endured barbarities which cannot be
named here; and the agent withheld their
annuities, and General Sherman approved of
his action. And yet the charge went abroad
over the country that Colonel Leavenworth
had defrauded the Indians. I refer to Colonel
Leavenworth only in connection with that one
transaction. I know nothing in regard to him
in reference to other matters.
But to come back to the question as to the
origin of this war and the allegation that it is
gotten up by the people on the border, by the
frontiersmen, I stand here to say to the Sen-
ate, speaking in behalf of every class of the
community on the border, speaking in behalf
of every industrial pursuit, that nothing can
be more abhorrent, nothing more dreaded by
them than an Indian war. Why, sir, until
these hostilities upon the frontier everything
was prosperous there; the commerce on the
Plains had risen to an immense magnitude;
we could talk about the commerce of the Plains
as well as you could talk of the commerce of
the seas and the lakes. There were men who
went out upon the Plains and did business in
the mountains. You could go in no direction
across these wide Plains that you did not see
long caravans of trains bearing merchandise
from all the points of the Missouri to all the
Territories in the mountains and away to the
Northwest. Itisthe main source of our income;
it is the market for our productive industry ;
and to send it forth to this nation that we front-
iersmen are in for a war to make money is
the most atrocious calumny of the nineteenth
century. Why, sir, the very gamblers and
thieves whom Chicago, and St. Louis and New
York and Cincinnati and Boston and Phila-
delphia have failed to hangdread au Indian war.
We have some of that class of people there.
I am sorry for it, but it is because you in the
East have not done your duty and hung them.
They fled out there to escape, but they do not
represent the border. My friend from New
York [Mr. Cokeuns] suggests that they do
40th Cons. 1st Sess.—No. 44.
not come from New York. If so, it is because
they treat them so kindly there that they do not
have to run away: they rote the right way in
New York city. [Laughter.]
Let me say to my friend from Maine that if
he would visit the border he would change his
views somewhat. And there is no one whom I
would, welcome there more cordially than I
would him; for there is no man who is aetuated
more by high and honorable impulses than he
is. I tell him as a friend, frankly, without pre-
judice, that he would come back with different
ideas as to that section of country. He talks
about Christianity andabout civilization. Why,
sir, from whence did the people of the border
come? They came from New England. Men
have settled there, whom I have the honor now
in part to represent, whom he has heretofore
represented on this floor. The people of the
border are bone of your bone and flesh of your
flesh. They have carried the same civilization
which has marked your progress in Maine, in
Massachusetts, in New York, and Ohio, on to
the border. Sir, I have seen a Christian peo-
ple there coming from their humble cabins,
meeting at cross-roads, or by-roads, in an im-
provised school-house; and I have seen them
there raise the voice of thanksgiving and the
song of praise to Almighty God, and worship
Him with as much feeling and as much sin-
cerity as is manifested by those who worsfiip
in the gorgeous tabernacles of your eastern
cities. You will find there an humble Chris-
tianity ; but it is as pure as that which dwells in
the East. You will find there as enlightened,
as intelligent, as honest a people as you find in
any State of the Union. I assert this in behalf
of the people of the border, of Kansas and Ne-
braska, and the Territories beyond, because I
have a personal knowledge which leads me to
the conviction that it is true. In the name of
every class of people out there, good and bad,
I tel'l the Senate and I tell the country that
they dread an Indian war, because it is like an
incubus upon them and their prosperity.
Sir, now, all along the valley of the Platte
and the Smoky Hill route, the lines are marked
with ruin, desolation, and death. The reports
are borne to you by every mail from the West.
You may tell me they are exaggerated. I
will strike oif one half and then appeal to
Congress, and appeal to the country, and ask
if there is not a necessity for legislation in
this matter. Not long ago the surveyor-in-
chief of the party on the line of the Union Pacific
railroad from Omaha, while surveying the line
of the route, while carrying out the provisions
of the very act of Congress for which my
friend from Maine voted, was waylaid by a
party of Indians and stealthily murdered. He
was engaged in carrying forward that great
enterprise which this Congress, which this
Government, which this nation demands, ay,
which the world demands, for it is continental;
it is the world's highway. Y"ou have ordered
it to be built. If there is a wrong in its being
carried out, let the wrong come home to those
who voted for it, and my friend from Maine
among others.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If my honor-
able friend will examine the law he will find
that the company were not to exercise^ their
rights under the law, to run their railroad
through a country belonging to Indians, unless
upon the express condition of payment. Not
the first step was to be taken until the Indians
had their rights.
Mr. POMEROY. Does the Senator say we
authorized payment to the Indians?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I say the treaty
stipulations contemplated payment to the
Indians.
Mr. POMEROY. But we are speaking of
the act of Congress authorizing the construc-
tion of the road.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But the Senator
from Nebraska argues that Congress chartered
a company with the right to build a railroad to
the Pacific, and that therefore we gave power
to that company to override a treaty stipula-
tion.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Ne-
braska was only arguing what the act of Con-
gress did; not the treaty. He said that by law
of Congress the company were authorized to
build the road.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Atfd I was ex-
plaining that the law of Congress gave no such
authority, because there was an antecedent and
superior treaty stipulation. That is the an-
swer.
Mr. THAYER. I will say to my friend from
Maine that that railroad company can have no
transactions with the Indians. If there has
been any failure it has been on the part of the
Government. They were obliged to commence
within a certain time and to build the road
within ten years, or forfeit their franchise and
the benefits which the Government granted.
If any wrong has been done it is not the fault
of the company, but it was done by Congress.
If the Government has not carried out the pro-
visions of the treaty which required payment
to the Indians, why has not the Senator from
Maine called attention to that very point, and
why has he not demanded that the provisions
of the treaty should be complied with, and jus-
tice done to the Indians ? W hy has he remai ned
quiet through four long years and taken no
step?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, I will answer
the honorable Senator. The company was
authorized to build a road from the one hun-
dredth degree of longitude, which I believe
was the point of departure westward, running
in any direction they chose to go, specifying
nothing, not limiting them to any particular
point, but to go in a general direction to the
Pacific ocean by the most feasible route. Con-
gress knew that it had granted certain rights to
the Indians by treaty, and who could presume
that this company would undertake to set the
rights under that treaty at defiance without
coming to Congress?
Mr. THAYER. I will say in answer to my
friend from Maine thatthe company have noth-
ing to do with the Indians, and nothing to do
with the treaty. They do not know, and aro
presumed not to know, whether the Govern-
ment has done its duty or not. The Govern-
ment has required the company to go on and
construct that road. It required them to com-
mence it within a certain period, and to com-
plete it within ten years. I say the company
is not at fault, and no one connected with it is
at fault. Let me add further that the Union
Pacific railroad from Omaha has been built
over lands which have been ceded, over which
the Indian title has eeased. They may have
got now a little beyoud the ceded territory. I
do not know how that fact is ; but for three
hundred miles through the State of Nebraska,
the lands have been ceded I know ; and so it
is in Kansas, as my friend from Kansas [Mr.
Ross] informs me. In both States the In-
dian title has been extinguished to the line of
these roads ; and yet the Indians come down
from this territory on the North, hundreds of
miles, to the line of these roads, and com-
mit these depredations and outrages which the
Senator from Maine says are not war. It,is
immaterial to me what you call them ; murder,
devastation, death is there. You may call it
by what name you please.
Mr. HENDERSON. With the Senator's
permission, before he leaves this point I desire
to suggest that if I understand the complaint
of the Indian tribes now waging war against
the United States, if it be war, they do not
allege that they object to the building of these
road3. I have never heard any complaint on
the part of the Chcyennes or the Arapahoes
or the Sioux Indians in reference to the build-
ing of these roads. They do not object to the
building of the Pacific railroads so far as I am
aware ; and until the burning of the Cheyenne
village I never heard of any attack upon the
railroad parties. I have never heard of a stage-
coach being attacked on either of these HHte-s
i until after the burning of the Cheyenne village.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Why was that burned?
1 Mr. HENDERSON. I do not know.
