690
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
Mr. THAYER. It was burned by General
Hancock in his operations. The reason given
by him, I believe; was that they had been
guilty of bad faith and' treachery in some
operations with him. No attacks have been
made on the Union Pacific' railroad from
Omaha until this spring.
Mr. HENDERSON. And I am satisfied
there were none on the other roads before
that time.
Mr. THAYER. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs is mistaken in one
respect. The Indians are opposed to the build-
ing of these roads. There is no mistake about
it. I have heard it from them myself. The
reason they object is that it cuts in_ two their
buffalo range. The buffalo range in certain
seasons of the year from away north of Ne-
braska down toward Red river, and they think
the roads will interfere with that. One Indian
chief expressed his objection in this way: "We
do not object to the horse going through our
country that goes so," imitating in his manner
the galloping of a horse; "but," he added,
"we do object to the horse that goes so,
imitating the noise of a steam-engine. That
was his expressive way of giving utterance to
his objection.
The difficulty is that the Indians do not like
these roads; and hence I have favored this bill
which proposes to open these two lines of road
by taking the Indians away and putting them
on reservations to the north and to the south;
not that I want to put them so far north that
my friend from Minnesota [Mr. Ramsey] will
be in any danger. I would do nothing and
favor nothing that would interfere with the
Northern Pacific railroad. _ I am willing to
put any restrictions in the bill which will pre-
vent interference with that line. I am willing
to put in a clause declaring that in the treaty
to be made the right of way shall be granted
to any railroad north of a certain parallel.
The proposed reservation for the northern
Indians, the Sioux nation, lies north of Ne-
braska. I do not object to their being 011 the
border of our State, and our. people do not
object to it. I have come to the conclusion
that there must be a iinal disposition of the
Indian question, and you may as well meet it
to-day as to put it off for one year or two years.
You cannot evade it much longer.
Why, sir, the policy has been to move the
tribes westward from reservation to reserva-
tion in order to give way to the march of em-
pire to which my friend from Maine has so
beautifully alluded with a little vein of sar-
casm. After the settlers advance and surround
a reservation, then the Indians have to go fur-
ther off. Now we have arrived at that condi-
tion of things wherein you can move them no
further. You have got to find a permanent
settlement for. them.
I am not for their extermination; but I
might answer the honorable Senator from
Maine, when he alluded to the argument of the
Senator from Michigan, what has been the
result of two hundred years experience? Has
it not led almost to their extinction? You
may take the fact as you please ; whether you
like it or not, whether the white race has done
wrong or not, the fact stands out that the In-
dian race has dwindled from millions to about
three hundred thousand. Reasoning from
that, what will be their fate ? It is clear what
will be the result.
I repeat, I am not in favor of extermina-
tion, but I am in favor of a policy which shall
bring to a close, and forever, our Indian diffi-
culties. If you mean a war, say so, and pro-
vide the means for a quick, short, incisive
and decisive campaign, and end it. That is
the sentiment of the people of the border. If
the Government means to accomplish this
thing by war then call out the men who have
been bred and raised upon the frontier, who
are familiar with Indian habits, and mount
thdbi on Indian ponies, and they can accom-
plish the purpose. Give a few regiments of
that character to General Sherman and he will
end it. Your American horses will wilt down
in one day's pursuit over those Plains after
Indians. You must have the grasp-fed horses
of the prairie or Indian ponies in order to
accomplish anything.
The Senator from Massachusetts, the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs,
said the other day that General Sherman had
been teased into recommending the raising of
four regiments of volunteers. That was a mis-
take. General Sherman is not in the habit of
being teased into doing anything against liis
judgment. He is a man who can say yes or
no; and I know these are his views. His
report of September, 1866, is quoted here as
authority to-day. That report does not apply
to the present state of things. He did travel
over that region in September, 1866, with a
small escort and without danger. _ At that
particular time there was comparative quiet.
But that report does not represent the condi-
tion of things to-day. There is the difference.
It is hardly ingenuous to quote that report of
September, 1866, as representing the condition
of the border and of the Plains at the present
time. I deny the fact, and I say General Sher-
man has different views on that question to-day.
1 desire to say a word in regard to the
amendment offered by the Senator from Wis-
consin. He proposes to strike out the second
section, and send all these Indians from that
region north down into the southern Indian
Territory. That is the purport of it. Now let
me say to him that we do not propose to put
an additional Indian into that territory north.
We merely provide for those who are already
there. That is their home. It is said that the
bad lands are up there. If that is going to be
an objection it has been an objection all the
time, for the Indians have lived m that very
country. , They have been there ail the time.
We do not propose to put any additional tribes
of Indians into that region; but to enact what
shall result in their complete separation from
the white race. That is what I want. That is
what we want on the border. We want a final
disposition made of the question. Let them
remain there, and enact such laws or frame such
treaties as shall keep them on that reservation
and keep the white people from going among
them. Non-intercourse is what is needed;
complete and perpetual separation.
I can illustrate this subject to you by the
condition of the Indian tribes in Nebraska.
When Nebraska was first settled there were
difficulties with the Indians ; and by the way
let me tell the Senate that I know from my
own personal knowledge that the Indians com-
menced at once depredating upon the property
and taking the lives of the white settlers. Not
a provocation was given them, for I was there,
and I know it, and it became my duty to go
as a commissioner and hold a council with
them. They commenced, within six weeks
after the settlers had crosscd the Missouri
river and settled on lands which had been
ceded to the United States, to steal their cat-
tle, and iu the second raid they made they
killed two or three settlers. But those days
have passed. Since those Indians have been
placed upon reservations there has been entire
peace and quiet. There is good feeling
between the Omahas, the Pawnees, the Win-
nebagoes, and even the Sans Arcs Sioux, a
band engaged in the Minnesota massacre, who
are now located in the northeastern corner of
Nebraska. They are on entirely friendly terms
with the whites; no collision, no clashing what-
ever. We do not ask to have those Indians
removed. I tell the Senator from Maine that
there is a condition of peace and quiet between
the people of the border and the peaceable
Indians, and you may go among those tribes
to-day and they will point to the white people,
the settlers on the border, as their friends.
Why, sir, but a few weeks ago some of them,
fearing an incursion or a raid of the Sioux,
came into Omaha for our protection. They
came to us as their friends.
_ So much for the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Wisconsin. I hope it will not
prevail. I desire that all those Indians stall
be left within that territory where they now
are. We simply propose by sending this com-
mission there to make a treaty with them by
which they shall be satisfied ; aud we shall get
the right of the road up to Montana, for that
we must have; get it peaceably, as I believe
you can, and then I think the way will be open
for a permanent settlement of these Indian
difficulties.
I will not trouble the Senate further on this
subject.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. HENDERSON. I hope not. I trust
the Senate will not adjourn until we dispose
of this question.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, July 17, 1867.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
active list of the navy.
The Speaker laid before the House the fol-
lowing executive communication:
Navy Department, July 15,1867.
Sir : I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of a resolution of the House of Representatives. .
adopted on the loth instant, directing the Secretary
of the Navy to report to the House "whether any
officer of the Navy has been retained on the active
list after having been fifty-five years or longer in the
service, or after he should have been retired by
law, and if so, by Whoso order or authority."
In compiianco with the resolution I have the honor
to state that the only officers of the Navy on the active
list who appear by the Register to have been fifty-
five years or longer in the service arc Admiral 1>. G.
Farragut and Roar Admiral L. M. Goldsborough.
Hear Admiral Goldsborough's original entry into
the service was, according to tho Navy Register, on
the 18th of June, 1812.
By that record, which is the governing rule of the
Department, lie had been an officer of the Navy
fifty-five years on the 18th of June, 18G7. Rear Ad-
miral Goldsborough claims, however, that though his
appointment is registered of that date, he did not
receive orders or pay until July 1,181fi, and that his
record of service should not commence until the date
mentioned. This claim conflicts with the usage of
the Department, and consequently was not sanctioned
by it. A correspondence of some length took place
between ltcar Admiral Goldsborough andtho De-
partment on tho subject, which eventuated in a sub-
mission of the question, by request, to the President
and Cabinet, when the opinion of the Department
was overruled, and Rear Admiral Goldsborough is
therefore still registered as on the active list.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant.
GIDEON WELLES.
Secretary of the Navy.
Hon. Schuyler Cot/fax,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the commu-
nication be referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. In connection with this
subject I now offer for adoption the following
resolution :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be direct-
ed to communicate to this House all correspondence
between his Department and Rear Admiral Golds-
borough, of the United States Navy, relating to tho
question of the length of service of said Goldsbor-
ough ; and whether ho is subject by law to be placed
on the retired list; and also any former official com-
munications of that officer relativo to the length of
time he has been in the service; or any other facts
showing how long he has been or has claimed to be
borne on the list of officers of the Navy.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved to lay the mqtion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. McDonald, its Chief Clerk, notifying the
House that that body had passed a concurrent
resolution for th§ appointment of one member
of the Senate and two members of the House
to be added to the joint Committee on Re-
trenchment, in which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House.
It also announced that the Senate had passed
