1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
House bill No. 108, for the relief of certain
soldiers and sailors therein designated, with
amendments, in which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House,
It further announced that the Senate had
passed a bill (S. No. 127) for the relief of Me-
linda Harmon, of the county of Greene, State
of Tennessee, widow of Jacob Harmon, in
which he was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House.
OHIO CONTESTED ELECTION.
_ The SPEAKER laid before the House addi-
tional papers in the case of the contested elec-
tion of Delano vs. Morgan; which were referred
to the Committee of Elections.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN NORTHERN OIIIO.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I ask unanimous
consent of the House to introduce a bill that
affects my own district and the northern dis-
trict of Ohiifesp The delegation from the State
are unanimous in its favor. It is a bill to
provide that alternate sessions of the dis-
trict court of the United States for the north-
ern district of Ohio shall be held annually,
one session in the city of Cleveland on the
second Tuesday of July, and one in Toledo on
the second Tuesday in November, under such
rules and regulations as the district judge for
said district may prescribe; and it authorizes
the holding of adjourned courts when the busi-
ness before the court shall in the opinion of
the court require it.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I object, on the ground
that we have adopted a rule that no other
business but on the question of reconstruction
shall be done.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I hope the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania will not object.
Mr. JENCKES. I call the attention of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Ashley] to the
fact that the law now authorizes the judges of
the United States courts to hold adjourned
sessions, and there is, therefore, no reason for
the last provision of his bill.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I do not so under-
stand it.
The SPEAKER. The bill is not before the
House, being objected to.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I hope the objec-
tion will be withdrawn.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If we pass a bill of this
character we may pass a bill of any character.
It is not in its nature at all pressing. I have
a similar bill for my section of Pennsylvania.
I have not presented it here because it would
be a violation of the rule which the House
has adopted, and we know from the remarks
of the gentleman from Rhode Island [Mr.
JenckeS] that if this bill had been referred to a
committee'that is familiar with such questions
they certainly would have reported, if the
statement of the gentleman from Rhode Island
is correct, that such a bill ought not to pass
at all.
Yesterday we passed a bill which went over
to the Senate, and they learn from the Secre-
tary of War that no such bill is needed. We
ought not to pass bills when wc have no proper
committees to examine them, and I insist on
my objection on that ground.
COURT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I ask
unanimous consent to offer the following reso-
lution :
Resolved, That the clerk of the Court of Claims be
directed to furnish this House with a list of the judg-
ments that have been rendered in said court since
March 3. 1863, the amount of said judgments, the
residence of claimants, the nature of claims, by
whom claims were prosecuted; also a list of the
claims now before said court, in whose favor, and the
amount of the same.
No objection was made to the reception of
the resolution.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I wfsh the gentleman
would add to the resolution the words " and
also a list of the judgments from which appeals
have been taken to the Supreme Court of the
United States."
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. That is I
a good suggestion, and I accept it as an addition
to my resolution.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
PRESIDENTIAL ELECTORS IN REBEL STATES.
Mr. COBURX. I desire to introduce a bill
to provide for the election of electors for Presi-
dent and Vice President of the United States
in the States to be formed out of the territory
included within the late confederate States,
except Tennessee, and defining their qualifi-
cations.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Must not any bill or res-
olution either go upon the table or be referred
to a committee without debate?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
that the gentleman desires to have the bill
referred.
Mr. COBUEN. Yes, sir; I ask that it be
referred to the Committee on Reconstruction.
The bill was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Reconstruction,
and ordered to be printed.
** MEXICAN AFFAIRS.
Mr. COBB, by unanimousconsent, submitted
the following resolution ; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be, and is hereby, requested, if not inconsistent with
the public welfare, to communicate to this House all
information which has been received at the several
Departments of the Government touching the organ-
ization within or near the territory of the United
States of America of men for the real or pretended
purpose of avenging the death of the Archduke
Maximilian, or of intervening in Mexican affairs;
and also to inform tb'sHouse whether and what meas-
ures have been taken to prevent such organization
or the sailing of such organized bodies for the pur-
pose of carrying out such object.
Mr. OOBB moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted : and also
moved that the motion to reconsider he laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
personal explanation".
Mr. BUTLER. I ask leave to make a per-
sonal explanation with reference to a matter
which appears in one of the public journals.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the gentleman will proceed.
There was no objection. X
Mr. BUTLER. In the Intelligencer pub-
lished in this city on the 16th instant there
appeared the following:
"In the discussion Mr. Elpridg-e made thesurpris-
ing statement that in a conversation which he had had
with General Ould, who had charge of the exchange
of prisoners on the part of the confederate govern-
ment, he had been informed that an offer was made
by General Ould to the Union officers having" the
matter in charge that he would Rive them twenty
thousand Union prisoners, sick and wounded, (mak-
ingupthenumberofdeficicnfcwithable-bodied men,)
without any equivalent, as the confederate govern-
ment was unable to feed and take care of them prop-
erly, and that the offer was refused. It is probable
that the important fact thus set forth would have been
disputed by the partisan press if it had not been veri-
fied on the spot by General Butler himself, who was
in charge of the exchange of prisoners on the part of
the United States at the time.
" The fnct that the offer was madeto give up, 'with-
out equivalent,' twenty thousand Federal troops, for
the reason that their captors could not properly pro-
vide for them, and that this offer was not accepted at
the time, but a proposition instead was submitted
which would necessarily have caused indefinite de-
lay, is here unequivocally admitted by General But-
ler, he distinctly admitting, as we understand tho
Chronicle's report, that upon receiving the offer he
proposed 'to the rebels to let them send cotton to
New York, sell it through their own agents, nnd with
the proceeds procure what was necessary for their
prisoners.' Now, it would seem that these astonish-
ing disclosures would almost render superfluous the
laising of a committee for the purpose, of inquiring
as to where lay the fault for tho ' starving condition'
of Federal pi isoners in southern Anderson villes! But
it produced no perceptible effect upon the House, and
wc suppose the committee will peg away in the fur-
ther solution of tho vexed problem.
"A grave point, however, the committee may very
fittingly investigate. General Butler fills a dismal
void in this painful history by the convenient phrase,
'There has been some unavoidable delay in it, con-
sequent on the operations of the Army/ This 'un-
avoidabledolny' is all that appears to account for the
failure, even if the offer of the rebels was promptly
accepted, of the delivery of the thirteen thousand
prisoners in addition to the alleged seven thousand
prisoners whom the rebels had offered to restore to
their homes; and who is to judge of'delny conse-
quent on the operations of the Army?' Who knows
it waa unavoidable ? Who knows it was in eons©-
i quence of Army operations? Who puts off the
j mourning kindred of these perishing thirteen thou-
i sand with the assurance of 'Army necessity?* The
j answer is, this exploded and inglorious muddler in
warfare on the floor of the House. Let it be investi-
gated."
Now, sir, I have made it a rule of my life
never to reply to any newspaper or scandal
slanders upon myself when I alone am affected.
But when, through me, it is sought to charge
the Government of the country, and the loyal
men of the country, with what .would be a
gross act of cruelty, as well as a violation of
all laws of humanity and the laws of war, I
think it is my duty to myself and to the coun-
try to set the matter right, as in this instance
I know I can.
This charge takes three distinct forms or
branches: First, that the confederate com-
missioner of exchange made an offer to give
up to our Government twenty thousand sick
and wounded or able-bodied prisoners with-
out any equivalent, and that this offer was
refused: second, that this fact was distinctly
admitted by General Butler in this House;
third, that instead of accepting the offer, Gen-
eral Butler submitted a counter-proposition,
which would necessarily have caused indefi-
nite delay. The writer then asks, w Who gave
General BuTi^er the right to put off thirteen
thousand men from exchange V'
Now, I have to say that each and all of
these allegations are untrue in fact, in state-
ment, and in inference. But words of char-
acterization are useless. They will not add to
the infamy of the charge j and epithets can by
no means describe the author. Therefore I
content myself with dealing with the simple
fact and showing the proof. And the first
proof I offer is that the supposed fact of the
offer of exchange of twenty thousand sick and
wounded prisoners without equivalent has no
foundation in truth. No such offer was ever
made. On the contrary, the offer to exchange
sick and wounded prisoners came from my-
self, and was addressed to the rebel commis-
sioner, Judge Ould, as will be seen by a letter
which I ask the Clerk to read from page 155
of House Document No. 32, second session,
Thirty-Eighth Congress, being the correspond-
ence on the subject of exchange of prisoners
published by order of Congress.
The Clerk read as follows:
Headquarters
Department or Virginia and North Carolina,
In tiie Field, September 9,1864.
Sir: I propose that the belligerent parties, waiv-
ing all other questions, shall from time to time ex-
change all sick and invalid officers and men who
from wounds or sickness shall, in the judgment of
the party holding them, bo unfit for duty, and likoly
to remain so for sixty days.
Imake this proposition in order to alleviate the
sufferings of those unable to bear the confinement
incident to a prisoner of war, and whoso condition
might be benefited by the comforts of home and
medical treatment by their friends.
I trust and believe that this measure of obvious
humanity will meet your agreement, as I am satis-
fied no advantage can accrue to either party by
i retaining such men in confinement. As a further
evidence of the strong desire on tho part of this Gov-
ernment to expose their soldiers to as little hardship
as possible, consistently with such action as theyfeel
called upon to take to observe their good faith,
pledged alike to all soldiers, although it will involve
the Government in a very considerable expense, yot;
to save the sick and suffering a long and tedious
transportation by rail, I will receive such invalid
officers and soldiers of the^TTnited States as may he
confined in the States of North and South Carolina
and Georgia at Fort Pulaski, near Savannah,, and
will transport thither any such invalids of tho con-
federate forces as may bo in our possession who can
be more easily carried thither. Other ^invalid pris-
oners in the western department I will deliver at
such ports on the Mississippi river as may hereafter
I be agreed upon; the invalid soldiers of tho United
States to be received in exchange tbcrefomrho are
convenient to tho points. Full rolls of the invalids
so exchanged to be kept, so that the equivalents may
be adjusted hereafter.
Asking as early as possible attention to this propo-
sition, I have the honor to be your obedient ser-
vant, See.,
BENJ. F.BUTLER,
Major General and Commissioner for Exchange.
Hon. Robert Gulp.
Mr. BUTLER. I received to that proposi-
tion an informal answer, which was communi-
cated to the Secretary of War by lejtter dated
September 80, 1864, which I beg to have
read.
