THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
The Clerk read as follows:
Headquarters
Department of Virginia and North Carolina,
In the Field, Virginia, September 13,1864.
Sir : I have the honor to inclose herewith five prop-
ositions as to matters relating to the exchange of
prisoners made by me to Mr. Ould, together with a
printed copy of my note of August 27, also forwarded
to him.
I have as yet received no formal answer to either
of my propositions, but I am informed, unofficially,
that the proposition to exchange invalid prisoners
will bo accepted, and that I may prepare and send
down to Fort Pulaski transportation for at least five
thousand invalid men forthwith. This I shall atonce
proceed to do to mako all possible provision for the
comfortof our sick soldiers. If my action is approved,
please direct the commissary general of prisoners to
inform me at what points, and how many of the con-
federate invalids not fit for service within sixty days,
will be ready, that my boat may take fchcm for deliv-
ery. As soon as they can be got ready I propose to
take thom down by the afime transportation that
brings our men up.
Perhaps it may not bo out of place to say that all
these propositions received tho sanction of the lieu-*
tenant general commanding.
If my action is approved, I pray early attention on
the .part of tho commissary general of prisoners, as
I will endeavor to be ready to move the confederate
sick as soon as they aro ready forme.
I have tho honor to be, very respectfully, your
obodiont servant,
BENJ. F. BUTLER,
Major General and Commissioner for Exchange.
Hon. E. M. Stanton, Secretary of TFar.
Mr. BUTLER. It will be observed, Mr.
Speaker, that the proposition by the confed-
erates was to give us the sick and wounded in
answer to my proposition, the 10th of October,
and it will be seen also there was no delay,
when we come to read the telegrams and letters
which passed between the commissary general
of prisoners and the rebel commissioner and
myself, which I ask that they be read.
The Clerk read as follows;
[Telegram.]
Headquarters Army op the James,
September 25,1864—11 a. m.
Major Mulford loaves City Point this morning with
six hundred officers and soldiers, mostly disabled,
except in caso of special exchange. There are at least
six hundred more in and about Richmond for another
load.
Please get ready six hundred of disabled confed-
erates either at Point Lookout or Port Delaware,
preferably the latter, for return trip.
Nearly thirty died out of five hundred in tho last
loud. Instruct tho surgeons to send none who are
in that condition. Tho occurrence does not speak
well either for tho Government or its officials.
The rebel commissioner of exchange agrees to
deliver us at Fort Pulaski all tho sick in Georgia by
tho 10th of next month, to the number of at least
five thousand. I am preparing transportation forfivo
thousand disabled confederates, to be carried down
by tho same transports that bring ours up. Pleaso
assemble them from tho various camps and hospitals
to points where they can bo reached by the boats, and
notify me.
I have the honor to bo, very respectfully, your
obedient servant,
Bmj. F. BUTLER,
Major General and Commissioner for Exchange,
Colo110.! IIoppman, Commissary General of Prisoners,
Washington, District of Columbia.
[Telegram.]
Headquarters Army of the James,
September25, 18G4—8.30 p. m.
I have made arrangements with Mr. Ould to give
mo at least five thousand of our sick men in Georgia
and South Carolina, and take what equivalent wo
may have. I have offered to take them at Fort
Pulaski as an act of humanity, because I think that
railroading through the confederacy, with such ac-
commodationsas thoy could get, would bring many
01 them to their death. Ho will receive on the Mis-
sissippi or its tributaries, at such points as may be
agreed upon, all the sick wo may have at tho western
camps, and will bo glad to do it for the same reason.
After the boat load up the river, we may as wollsend
FortbPufaski ^ Sam° trailsporta'tiotl to
Please advise me, looking on thomatter in the light
of this dispatch.
I havethehonor to be, very respectfully, your obe-
dient servant,
„ . „ BENJ. F. BUTLER,,
Major (xeneral and Commissioner for Exchange.
Colonel Hoffman, Commissary General of Prisoners,
Washington, District of Columbia.
[Telegram.]
t. Tr Headquarters
Department of Virginia and North Carolina
In the Field, September 27,1864.
General: Dispatch received. Please understand
that Ould will give us the five thousand, whether we
send down so many siek or not, if w© send those that
we have on this coast, and afterward those in the
interior, as many as we can. ^ p BUTLER,
Major General and Commissioner for Exchange.
Colonel W. Hoffman, Commissary General of Pris-
oners, Washington, District of Columbia.
[Telegram.]
Headquarters
Department of Virginia and North Carolina,
September 28,1864—8.15 p. m.
The one- thousand invalid prisoners of which you
spoke better .be sent to Point Lookout. I will see
that they are, furnished with transportation to Fort
Pulaski. On'the going up of the flag-of-truce boat
I will arrange with Mr. Ould as to where he will re-
ceive the invalid prisoners on the Mississippi.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant,
BENJ. F. BUTLER,
Major Generaland Commissioner for Exchange.
Col on el _ Hoffman, Commissary General of Prisoners,
Washington, District of Columbia.
Mr. BUTLER. I ask the Clerk to read the
telegraphic order given to Major Mulford, as-
sistant commissioner of exchange on the part
of the United States, in reference to getting
the prisoners together. **
The Clerk read as follows:
[Telegram.]
Headquarters
Department Virginia and North Carolina,
In the Field, September '11,1864.
Get afull load of prisoners either at FortDelaware,
Point Lookout, or Foit Mcllenry.
BENJ. F. BUTLER,
Major General and Commissioner for Exchange.
Major Mulford, Fort Monroe.
Mr. BUTLER. I now desire to put before
the House a letter to Judge Ould accompany-
ing these sick prisoners.
The Clerk read as follows:
In tne Field, Headquarters
Junction of Varina andNewMarketRoads,
October 4, 1864.
Sir : Major Mulford, my assistant agent of exch angc,
lias at Varina about seven hundred invalid prisoners
for delivery.
For obvious reasonsthey cannot bereceived byyou
there, and in the present state of the roads it would
be cruel to transport them far by wagons.
I would suggest that they be delivered at Port
Walthall, at tho same point where it is proposed to
deliver the naval prisoners.
If so, the prisoners will be delivered there at any
hour you may name.
We will also receive yours at the same point. Or,
if you prefer, we will deliver at the point on tho New
Market roads between the pickets.
Rcspectfuily, your obedient servant,
„ . „ , , „ BENJ. F. BUTLER,
Major General and Commmissioncr for Exchange.
Robert Ould, Esq., Commissioner for Exchange.
Headquarters Army of the James,
October 5,1864—5.30 p. m.
Rev. Isaac Wholly will be forwarded.
„ . „ BENJ. F. BUTLER,
Major General and Commissioner for Exchange.
Colonel Hoffman, Commissary of Prisoners, Washing-
ton, District of Columbia.
Headquarters Army of tiik James,
October 8,1864.
Lieutenant Colonel Mulford leaves Varina to-mor-
row morning with thirteen hu ndred prison ers, officers
and men. He will be at Annapolis on the 10th. I de-
sire all the sick and disabled up to six hundred to be
got ready at once, so as not to detain his boat.
Please, inform Colonel Mulford, at Annapolis, at
whatt point ho will get them. I further desire that
the sick and wounded ot the confederate prisoners
this side of the mountains be gathered at once at
Baltimore, Fort Delaware, and Point Lookout, so
that they may be taken to Savannah and exchanged
Jor our men. Please notify me at what time they will
be ready, and I will provide transportation.
The special exchanges, so far as possible, have been
effected.
BENJ. F. BUTLER,
major General and Commissioner for Exchange.
Colonel Hoffman, Commissary General of Prisoners.
Mr. BUTLER. Now, Mr. Speaker, I am
ready to submit to this House and to thd coun-
try, first, whether there was any proposition
to send twenty thousand prisoners to us with-
out equivalent; and second, whether this Gov-
ernment did not make the first offer to send
down the sick and wounded we had and to take
from the confederates all the sick and wounded
they had.
We offered to send the prisoners to Georgia
for exchange, when the cartel required they
should be exchanged at Richmond, rather than
cause these disabled sick men to be carried in
the condition they were over the poor rail-
roads of the South. Sir, does not this record
evidence dispose of the calumny that the Uni-
ted States Government was not in favor of
receiving from the confederates and actually
taking from the confederacy all the sick and
wounded prisoners which they had ?
The next statement of this article is that I
made a counter proposition to this offer of the
rebels relating to their selling cotton to sup-
port their prisoners, which would cause indefi-
nite delay. On the contrary that proposition
was sent to the rebel commissioner by Major
Mulford with the first steamers having on board
five thousand sick rebel prisoners for Savan-
nah ; and it is a proposition sc^eminently just,
humane, and generous, that I beg leave to sub-
mit it to the House and to the country. I ask
therefore to have read a letter of instruction
to the assistant commissioner of exchange on
the part of the United States, dated October
26, only sixteen days after the first day on
which we were notified by the rebels that it
was possible for them to have prisoners ready.
The Clerk read as follows:
Headquarters Army of the James,
In the Field, October 26, 1864.
Having, in obedience to orders by telegraph, re-
ceived on board tho fleet of vessels which Colonel
Webster, chief Quartermaster, has been ordered to
plaee at your disposal, all invalid confederate pris-
oners of war as certified to me by Colonel Hoffman
in the eastern camps held by us, you will proceed to
• Fort Pulaski with your prisoners and there tender
them for exchange, according to the agreement mado
between the Commissioner of Exchango on the part
the United States and the agent of exchange for tho
confederate authorities, and there receive on board
all the prisoners belonging to the United States which
shall bo given you by tho confederate authorities.
You will also inform the confederate authorities
that there are from two thousand five hundred to
three thousand invalid prisoner;? within the agree-
ment ready for delivery on the Mississippi river as
soon as the point shall be designated. They aro in
tho western camps. As this matter of the exchango
of prisoners is managed in behalf of the military
authorities of the United States through the agent
of exchange, you will take no direction upon tho
subjectexcept fromthe Commissioner©! Exchange or
the Secretary of War. This direction is given yon
because your business at Fort Pulaski will be withm
the department of General Foster; and to save ail
possible conflict of authority you will report yoar
arrival and business to the commander of thedopnrt-
ment, so that your operations may not interfere with
any military movements within his lines.
You will doubtless be obliged to go into PortRoy.il
with your large ships and load them with your smaller
vessels from the inside passage, which will be moic
conducive to the comfort of the men and safety of
your fleet. As soon as you get one of the larger ves-
sels loaded you will send it forward to Annapolis;
and if you can reoeivo more prisoners than your fleet
can accoramodn te, order her to return. You will allow
one agent of either the Christian or Sauitary Com-
mission on each vessel. You will take competent
pilots and see that your vessels are well watered.
You will draw Iroin the quartermaster such extra
clothing, blankets, and other articles as may be
necessary forthe comfort of the prisoners. The United
States Government will by no means stint these men
who have suffered so much in anythingfor their com-
fort as soon as they come within our jurisdiction.
For other details I must depend upon your judgment,
zeal, and activity in the service.
In the matter which has been discussed between
the United States Government and the confederate
authorities providing for their respective prisoners,
you are authorized to offer the confederate military
authorities the following terms:
It is understood that prisoners of both sides com-
plain of their treatment by those having them in
charge, in shelter, food, clothing, and hospital stores.
You will then offer on the part of the United States—
First. That the United States will lurnish food
accordingto its discretion to the prisoners held by the
confederate authorities, delivering it at the nearest
seaport to tho placewhere the prisoners are held, tho
confederate authorities to furnish transportationfrom
the point of delivery. The Unitod States will furnish
its prisoners in the hands of the confederate author-
ities, delivered in like manner, with such article* of
clothing and other nccessary articles, including tea,
coffee, tobacco, and stationery, as they may judge
expedient, delivered in like manner. The United
States will furnish such hospital stores as they deem
expedient to their prisoners, deliverd and to be trans-
ported in like manner.. The United States will fur-
nish such shelter to their prisoners as they deem ex-
pedient, delivered in life e manner. The United States,
on the other hand, will permit the confederate author-
ities to furnish, at such points as they may choose,
confederates held as prisoners of war with shelter,
food, clothing, including blankets and hospital stores,
at the discretion of the confederate authorities; or
if preferred by the confederate authorities, theUnited
States willpermit the confederate authorities to pur-
chase from the quartermaster, commissary, and med-
ical departments of the United States such food and
clothing, including blankets, as tho confederate
authorities may choose for their prisoners, at such
prices paid by the United States for such articles,
except tho uniform of the soldiers of tho United
