1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lion, is at war withthe principles of intemanliMil law,
a deliberate stab at the national credit,abhorrent to
every sentiment of loyalty, and well-pleasing only
to the vanquished traitors by whose agency alone the
governments of said States were overthrown and
destroyed.
Mr. BURR. I desire to ask a question.
Mr. ROBINSON. I object to the resolu-
tion.
Mr. JULIAN moved to suspend the rules.
.Mr. ROBINSON withdrew his objection.
The resolution was received.
Mr. JULIAN. I demand the previous ques-
tion on its adoption.
Mr. BROOKS. You cannot vote down
Vattel and Phillimore and Wheaton and Byn-
kershock and other writers on the law of
nations. This House, sir, can pass this reso-
lution, but it does not change the law of
nations.
Mr. J ULIAN. I do not propose to discuss
Vattel now. We on this side are ready to vote
on the resolution, having examined the gen-
tleman's authorities some time ago.
Mr. NIBLACK. I desire to inquire of my
colleague whether Governor Morton, of In-
diana, and now Senator from that State, did not
while Governor avow the same doctrine, and
argue it very ably in a carefully prepared
speech in 186-5, at Richmond, Indiana, in the
gentleman's own district?
Mr. JULIAN. If I recollect the facts, I
think the Governor of our State did avow and
argue it at the time and place mentioned. I
am very sure, however, that he regrets the
avowal deeply, in common with all his Repub-
lican friends. I now desire to amend the
resolution by inserting the words " their allies
and sympathizers" at the end of the word
" traitors."
Mr. ROBINSON. Does the gentleman
mean by that phrase the gentleman who is the
father of the doctrine in this country from his
own State?
Mr. JULIAN. In reply to the gentleman,
I -will state that I think the gentlemen on the
opposite side understand as perfectly as I do
whom I mean by the phrase "allies and sym-
pathizers."
Mr. BURR. I desire to ask the gentleman
whether he avers that the President of the
United States has expressly avowed or affirmed
any such doctrine as is stated in the resolu-
tion?
Mr. JULIAN. I mean to say he has avowed
it in effect in the message to which the resolu-
tion refers.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to offer an
amendment.
Mr. J ULIAN. I will hear it read for inform-
ation.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to amend
by adding the following:
And that the Judiciary Committee be instructed
to inquire whether the intention of said message was
to impair the financial credit of this Government.
Mr. JULIAN. I prefer the resolution as I
offered it. I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded—ayes
78, noes 18, and the main question ordered.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, is the reso-
lution divisible? If so, I want to settle the
law of nations in the House first.
The SPEAKER. It is not divisible.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 100, nays 18, not vot-
ing 52; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, James M. Ashley,
Baker. Baldwin, Banks, Boamnn, Benjamin, Ben-
ton, Bingham, Blair, Boutwell, Bromwoll, Broomall,
Buckland, Butler, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke,
Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn.Cook, Cornell, Covode,
Cullom, Dawes, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs, Farns-
worth, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields, Finney, Gravels', Ham-
ilton, Hayes, Hill, Hooper, Hopkins, Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Chester D.Hubbard, Hunter,Ingersoll. J cnekes,
Judd, Julian, Kellcy, Kelsey, Ketcham. Kitchen,
Koontz, George V. Wrencc, William L.twrenco.
Lincoln, Loan, Logan, Loughrtdge, McClurg. Mer-
cur, Miller, Moore, Moorliead. Morroll, Myers. jSew-
cotub, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Pertaam, Pile, 1 limt.s
Poland, Polslev, Price, Kaum. Robertson, i>aw.ver,
Scheuck, ScoQcld, Shanks, Smith, Aaron 1. Sstovcns,
Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Heniy D. Wash-
burn, William B. Washburn, Welker, Thomas Wil-
liams, William Williams, John X.Wilson, and Ste-
phen F. Wilson—100.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Brooks, Eldndge,
Getz, Olossbrenner, Holman, Hotchkiss,_ Marshall,
Mungen, Niblack, Nicholson, Prnyn, Robinson, Sit-
greaves, Stewart, Stone, and Van Trump—18.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Betos B. Ashley,
Barnes, Barnum, Blaine, Bover, Burr, Cake, Chanler,
Dodge, Eckley, Egeleston, 151 a, Eliot, Fox, Garfield,
Griswold, Haight, ttalsey, Harding, Richard D. Hub-
bard, Hulburd, Humphrey, Kerr; Latins. Lynch, Mal-
lory. Marvin, McCarthy, McCullough, Morgan, Mor-
rissey, N oell, Peters, Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy, Randall.
Ross, Selye, Shellabarger, Spalding, Starkweather,
Taber, Thomas, Upson, Van Auken, Burt Van
Horn, James F. Wilson, Windom, Wood, and Wood-
bridge—52.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
joist committee on retrenchment.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
resolution of the Senate appointing one addi-
tional member of the Senate and two members
of the House upon the joint Committee on
Retrenchment.
Mr. JENCKES. I move that the House
concur in the resolution of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER subsequently appointed the
following gentlemen as additional members of
the committee on the part of the House:
Thomas A. Jexckes, of Rhode Island, John
F. Bexjamis, of Missouri.
relief of deserters.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the various bills and resolutions received from
the Senate; the first of which was House bill
No. 108, for the relief of certain volunteer
soldiers and sailors therein designated, with
amendments, as follows :
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert
in lieu thereof as follows:
That no soldier or sailor shall be taken or held to
be a deserter from the Army or Navy who faithfully
served according to his enlistment until the 19th day
of April, 1865, and who, without proper authority or
leave first obtained, did qait his command or refuse
to serve after said date; butnothingherein contained
shall operate as a remission of any forfeiture incurred
by any such soldier or sailor of his pay, bounty,
pension, or other allowances; but this act shall be
construed solely as a removal of any disability such
soldier or sailor may have incurred by the loss of his
citizenship in consequence of his desertion.
Also to strikeout from the title of the bill the word
" volunteer."
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, obtained the floor.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I hope
the gentleman will move a non-concurrence. If
these men were not deserters they ought not to
be fined.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. My State is, per-
haps, more directly interested in this matter
than any other, and I should dislike_ very much
to have this amendment concurred in.
After the surrender of the armies of Lee and
Johnston a majority of the volunteer soldiers
of the United States believed that they had
legally fulfilled their contract with the Govern-
ment. Many of the regiments from my own
State and from my own district were retained
in the service months after thatcvent happened.
From ten to fiftvpersons, perhaps, in each regi-
ment, and in one or two regiments with whose
history I am peculiarly acquainted, a larger
number left their regiments and went home,
refusing to serve longer. Those men had gone
through the whole war, many of them having
served four years, and been faithful in the dis-
charge of every duty. They left, not because
they were deserters, but because they believed
that they had fulfilled their contract with the
i Government, and were determined to go home
! even though they forfeited their pay. In one
j instance a gentleman, whom I know very well,
i and who owned a farm in Ohio, left his regi-
| ment on account of the state of his health, and
; died a few days after ho reached his home.
I His name is borne on the rolls as a deserter,
and his family have applied ia vain for his pay.
This bill as it passed the Senate affords no
relief in such cases. It is .simply a pardon to
those who thus deserted. I hope the House
will not concur in the amendment, butthat we
shall have a conference with the Senate. I
yield now to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Farnsworth. ]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. These soldiers, most
of them, were enlisted for a special period or
during the war. After the surrender of the
rebel armies the Government commenced to
muster out regiments all over the country. In
all the different military departments officers
were mustered out and granted their three
months' extra pay; and yet other officers who
resigned subsequently to that time were refused
their three months' extra pay. It was a breach
of faith against those men who had enlisted
for the war against the rebellion to keep them
in the service after the war against the rebel-
lion was over. Many regiments were kept in
service for months after the rebellion was over.
Some of them who had enlisted to fight the
rebels were sent out to the Plains to fight the
Indians.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. And some of them
were sent to Texas to make railroads.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. As the gentleman
suggests, some of them were sent to Texas. I
know that some regiments from my own State
that I raised myself were sent out to the west-
ern part of Kansas to take care of the Indians
long after the war was over. It was an injus-
tice and a breach of faith to these men. This
bill of the Senate says that they shall not be
considered guilty of desertion, and yet that
they shall not be entitled to th^ir pay and
bounty. If they were not guilty of desertion
how was there any forfeiture of pay? For
Congress to say that these men were not guilty
of desertion, and yet refuse to pay them after
they had served the term for -which they en-
listed, is simply rank injustice, and I hope the
House will not concur in the amendment of
the Senate.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I now ask the
previous question.
The previous question seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the motion of Mr. Ashley, of
Ohio, that the House non-concur in the amend-
ment of the Senate and ask a conference, was
agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. McDon-
ald, its Chief Clerk, informed the House that
the Senate had passed a bill for the further
security of equal rights in the District of Co-
lumbia, and also a bill to carry into effect the
convention with the republic of Venezuela for
the adjustment of claims of citizens of the
United States on the Government of that re-
public, in which be was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House.
The message further informed the House
that the Senate had pa'ssed bill of the House
supplementary to an act making appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government
for the year ending June 30, 1868, and for
other purposes, with an amendment, in which
he was requested to ask the concurrence of the
House.
MELIXDA HARMON.
Senate bill No. 127, entitled "An act for the
relief of Melinda Harmon, of the county of
Greene, and State of Tennessee, widow of Jacob
Harmon,'' was read a first and second time.
Mr. PERHAM. This bill is simply designed
. to correct an error in a bill passed at the last
i sJfsion of the Thirty-Ninth Congress. In the
| act for the relief ot this lady her name was
! written "Matilda Harmon," instead of "Me-
j linda Harmon.'' I hope the bill will be put
• on its passage.
' | The bill, which was read, provides in the first
; section for the repeal of the act of January 31,
I 1807. for the relief of Matilda Harmon, of the
county of Greene, and State of Tennessee,
1 widow of Jacob Harmon.
