698
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
July 17,
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move as a substitute
the following:
Whereas it is reported that the President has
pardoned S. F. Cameron: Therefore, &c.
Mr. BOSS. Is not the previous, question
pending?
The SPEAKER. It has been exhausted. .
. Mr, COVODE. I accept the modification,
and demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment was agreed to,
and then the. preamble, as amended, was
adopted.
WASHINGTON MONUMENT ASSOCIATION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
report of the Secretary of the Interior, in an-
swer to a resolution of the House of the 16th
instant,' making certain inquiries touching the
Washington Monument Association; which was
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that
they had examined and found truly enrolled
House bill No. 130, supplementary to an act
entitled ''"An act making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30, 1868, and for other
purposes," passed March 2, 1867, when the
Speaker signed the same.
CONTltOL OP INDIAN AFFAIRS.
Mr. SCHENCK asked leave to introduce,
for reference, a bill to restore the Bureau for
Indian Affairs to the War Department.
Mr. EOSS objected.
RICIIAIID CIIENKItY.
Mr. PILE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous
consent, in the absende of the Representatives
from California, to make a motion in reference
to a private bill for the relief of Richard
Chenery. I can state the circumstances in a
few moments. It is an old claim for beef fur-
nished in the State of California. The last
Congress passed an act to examine and settle
the claim, but failed to make the necessary
appropriation of $8,000 in ease the Secretary
should find the claim to be just. The claim has
been found, after examination, to be just, but
there is no money to pay it. The Senate passed
a resolution on the 21st of last March to supply
the appropriation, and that resolution is now
before this House. The resolution has been
referred to the Committee of the Whole, and I
desire to move that the Committee of the Whole
be discharged from its further consideration,
and that it be taken up for consideration now.
It is Senate joint resolution No. 40, to provide
for the payment of Richard Chenery.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I object.
MXECTION OF OFFICERS IN WASHINGTON.
Mr. INGERSOLL resumed the floor, and
asked leave to introduce a bill to regulate the
selection of officers in the city of Washington,
and for other purposes.
The bill was read. It provides that it shall
be the duty of the mayor of the city of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia, the Board of
Aldermen, and the Board of Common Council
thereof, to assemble in joint convention, at the
City Hall, in said city, on the first Monday in
August in each year, and select by ballot all
officers whose appointments are now author-
ized by the charter, or by any law of the United
States, or act or ordinance of said city, or which
may hereafter be authorized thereby; pro-
vided that when so assembled they may abolish
any of the offices now established, or change
the duties connected therewith, or tho cffai-
pensation thereof, as they may deem proper
or necessary for the iratorests of said city; and
provided further that no person shall be re-
garded as incompetent to hold any of said
offices, or be disqualified therefor, on account
of his race or color.
It further provides that in all the meetings
of the mayor of the city of Washington and of
the Boards of Aldermen and Common Council,
for the purposes mentioned in the first section
of this act, tie mayor or the president of either
of said boards shall preside, and the secreta-
ries of said boards shall act as tellers and keep
a record of the proceedings, and the mayor or
any member of either of said boards may nom-
inate one or more persons for the offices re-
quired to be filled, and the person having the
highest number of votes shall be publicly
declared selected, and a certificate of his selec-
tion .shall within five days be made out, and
signed by the presiding officer and secretaries,
and be transmitted to the person selected, who
shall, within ten days thereafter, enter on the
discharge of the duties of his office.
The third section provides that all questions
arising in the joint convention authorized by
this act shall be determined by a majority of
the votes of the members thereof present at
any of its meetings, and it shall have power to
adjourn from time to time until all the duties
imposed upon it shall be completed, and to
require of the persons selected for any office
such security as may be deemed necessary.
Section four repeals all acts or parts of
acts inconsistent therewith.
Mr. BOYER. I object.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to suspend the
rules in order to consider the bill at the pres-
ent time.
On suspending the rules there were—ayes
54, noes 22; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Ingersoll and Boyer.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
—ayes 79, noes 14.
So the rules were suspended.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Will the gentleman allow
me to make a motion to refer this bill to the
Judiciary Committee? It is somewhat imper-
fect in phraseology. They can report it back
to-morrow morning.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do not know that we
have anything of more importance to consider
at this time than this bill. If it is imperfect
we can take it up and amend it section by sec-
tion. I will allow any amendment to be offered.
I do not think it needs to be sent to the Judi-
ciary Committee.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to strike out the
words, at the end of the first section, "on
account of his race or color," and insert in
lieu thereof the words "who is a qualified
elector in said district."
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will accept that amend-
ment, and will modify the bill accordingly.
Mr. WELKER. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the words "may abolish any of the
offices now established," the words "not elect-
ive by the voters of the city."
Mr. INGERSOLL. I accept that modifica-
tion. I now demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that
the committee had found truly enrolled bills
of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same :
An act (S. No. 127) for the relief of Melinda
Harmon, of the county of Greene and State
of Tennessee, widow of Jacob Harmon; and
An act (H. R. No. 108) for the relief of cer-
tain soldiers and sailors therein designated.
RELIEF OF VOLUNTEER SOLDIERS.
The SJPEAKER. The Chair, in accordance
with the rule of the House, lays before the
House the following message from the Senate
of the United States:
In Senate of the United States,
Jali/17.1S67.
Resolved, That the Senato adhere to its amend-
ment to the bill No. 108 of the Hou^e for the relief of
certain voluntoer soldiers therein'dcsignatod, disa-
greed to by the House of Representative;!.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. J. move that the
House recede from its disagreement. In mak-
ing this motion I wish to state that under the
rule adopted by the Senate one objection car-
ries a bill over, and it will be- impossible to
have any bill passed at this session unless the
House recedes from its disagreement to the
amendment of the Senate.
The question was taken on Mr. Ashley's
motion that the House recede from its dis-
agreement to the amendment of the Senate,
and it was agreed to.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the motion was agreed
to ; ajid also to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, then, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill for the relief of cer-
tain volunteer soldiers and sailors therein
designated; which was re,ad a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs when appointed, and ordered to be
printed.
KENTUCKY ELECTION.
Mr. BROOKS. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I hold in my hand a memorial from a
colored gentleman in the State of Kentucky in
the matter of the Kentucky election, which I
hope, if for no other reason, will attract the
attention of this House. On the 3d of July
there was presented to the House a memorial of
Willis Hockaday in behalf of Captain McKee,
who is a contestant ofthe seat of Jonn D. Young,
of the ninth Kentucky district, who holds the
certificate from the Governor of that State.
This Willis Hockaday, whose memorial was
then presented and published in the Globe, in
that affidavit represented that in the month of
September or October, 1861, a band of rebels
came to Raccoon Furnace, in Greenup county,
Kentucky, and captured a number of men and
horses and took also other property, and car-
ried him off among others, but that he escaped
in four or five days ; and that John D. Young,
elected on the 4th day of May, 1867, to the
Fortieth Congress, was with this band of rebels
representing himself as their colonel, and being
called by that title by the men.
Mr. DAWES. I suggest to the gentleman
that he send the statement to the Clerk's desk
and have it read.
Mr. BROOKS. I want first to state what
the question of privilege is. It will be recol-
lected that on the 3d of July, when this subject
was up, I stated in behalf of the Representative
from Kentucky that he did not know.who this
Hockaday was, and I supposed that he was of
the same class of character as Geoghegan, who
swore me out of my seat in the last Congress;
but it seems that he is a much better man, be-
cause after he has made these errors he is per-
fectly willing to correct them. I hold in my
hand a memorial from Willis Hockaday, and
I ask that it be read.
The Clerk read as follows;
State of Kentucky, Montgomery Cocnty, «s..-
Personally appeared before me, a notary public in
and for the county and State aforesaid, WillisHoek-
aday, who states that ho is a colored citizen of tho
State of Kentucky, and can neither read nor write;
that ho is the same individual whose pretended affi-
davit was taken by Captain Samuel McKee, on June
15,1867, and the same which was read in Congress
on motion to refer the credentials of the Kentucky
Congressmen to the Committee S¥ Elections; that
said affidavit, a copy of which is herewith filed in
print, does not contain a statement of the facts as
detailed by him to Captain Samuel McKee when
said affidavit was taken ; this affiant never did tell
Samuel McKeo that" John D. Young, of thecounty
of Bath, and the same man who was on 4th May,
1867, elected to the Fortieth Congress from tho ninth
Kentucky district, was with said band of rebels that
captured him, and was in command of the same,
representing himself as a colonel, and was by tho
men under him called by that title;" he never did
make any such statements to Samuel MeKee; and
said affidavit m that respect is untrue, and docs not
contain what he detailed to said McKee at the time
he pretended to take said affidavit, and in this respect
this affiant has been made to swear what he never
stated; that this affiant does not know John D. Y oung,
who was elected to the Fortieth Congress on tho 4ih
May, 1867, from the ninth Kentucky district, and
never, saw him that he recollects, and would not
know him if he should now see him; that this affiant
did not know or recognize any of the mon who oap-
