1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tared him, as stated-in said affidavit; that this affi-
ant never told Samuel McKee that " on the next day
after his capture he saw John D.Young command-
ing the men who captured himthat he never told
bamuel McKee ho was captured by rebels; he
does not know now, and did not then, whether his
captors were rebels or home guards; that this affiant
never told Samuel McKee that "oh his way to Camp
Dick Bobinson, through Owingsville, Bath county,
he related the circumstance, and was then told that
Young was absent from homo and had gone to the
rebel camp at Prestonsburg:" this affiant never
stopped in Owingsville, never inquired about John
D. Young, never heard any ono say anything about
h m, and did nottso much as know whether John D.
Y oung was in being; this affiant has no knowledge
about John JD. Young's being connected with the
rebellion in any way, nor does he know whether
Young is whatis called a " rebel" or not; this affi-
antsays ho only told McKee that he was captured in
1861 by a party of men at Raccoon Furnace, in
Greenup county, Kentucky; that ho did not know
whether they were rebels or home guards: that he
was captured on Saturday night and taken by the
Said party and escaped on the second night of his
capture and saw no more of them; that he was told
by said men that they were commanded by a man
named Young, but what Young they did not say, and
this affiant does not know whether the said party
was commanded by a man named Young or not;
that said affidavit was written by Samuel McKee,
and was never read to this affiant either by him or
the notary who certifies that he was sworn to it and
had read it to him.
his
WILLIS X HOCKADAY.
mark.
Attest: R. S. P. Anderson, J. M. Crawford, Jas.
H. Teomblb.
Sworn to before me, by Willis Hockaday, of color,
who states in my presence, and the presence of the
witnesses whose names appear above, that he has
heard the foregoing affidavit read, and has fixed his
mark to his name to the same, and that its state-
ments are true.
Witness my hand and seal this 11th July. 1867.
J. D. EEID.
Notary Public for Montgomery county, Kentucky.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, I wish to
state that that affidavit was forwarded to me by
several respectable citizens of Kentucky, and
among them by Mr. Thomas Metcalfe, a re-
spectable citizen of Mount Sterling, who says:
"Willis Hockaday lives in this town, and as soon
as he heard the affidavit read, as it appeared in the
Courier, he immediately disowned it, and said that
he never did make any such statements to McKee as
are set forth in that affidavit. He says that McKee
wrote the affidavit himself, and that neither McKee
nor the notary who swore him to it read the afMav^
to him. He says further that the affidavit is a gross
perversion of the facte detailed to McKee by him
when the affidavit was given. Hockaday is an igno-
rant negro man, can neither read nor write, and says
McKee has imposed upon him and grossly misrepre-
sented him. He desired to make a second affidavit,
and state what he did say to McKee when he gave
that affidavit, and I took him before a notarv public,
and he yesterday made the affidavit which I inclose
to you. The affidavit speaks for itself; comment is
unnecessary."
I also hold in my hand a letter from Hon.
Richard H. Stanton, of Maysville, Kentucky,
a gentleman well known to some here as an
old member of this House, who says that in
this district the rebel votes cast in the district
do not amount to as many as one half of Judge
Young's majority. It is, therefore, most shame-
ful to charge that his success was achieved by
rebel votes. A large number of Union soldiers
voted for Judge Young, and some of his most
active friends were men who had signalized
their Unionism in every manner it was possible.
Mr. Speaker, I do not expect the House in
this case to do immediate justice ; perhaps that
would be expecting too much ; but I do ask in
the name of the State of Kentucky, I do ask
for the honor of this House, that this memorial
be referred to jjie Committee of Elections, and
that some immediate action be taken upon the
subject before this Congress adjourns. For,
sir, the exclusion of a member bearing a certifi-
cate under the seal of the State almost exclu-
sively on the ground of an affidavit from an
ignorant negro who was imposed upon, and
who now contradicts his previous affidavit by a
counter-affidavit, is such a monstrosity that I
am quite sure the House would not be guilty
of it, if it were aware of the facts. I ask, there-
fore, the immediate attention of the Committee
of Elections to this subject, and I hope that
they will promptly report that Mr. Young is
entitled to a seat on this floor.
Mr. DAWES. I was about to call_ the atten-
tion of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] to the fact that when a matter has
been referred to a committee with instructions
by the House to investigate the troth of the
charges and to report to the House, there is
an evident impropriety in bringing the matter
up again ex parte upon affidavits, without
referring those affidavits to the committee for
their consideration and examination. But I
reflect, sir, that no gentleman on. this floor is
so able in the matter of affidavits asnay distin-
guished friend from New York; and 1 do not
know that I can blame him for still lingering
upon the field in which he has won so many
laurels with affidavits which he has carried
around in his pocket. Therefore I have no
complaint to make on that subject. Every
man must be conscious of that in which he
has the greatest gift and that in which he can
serve his country in the most distinguished
manner.
I do not myself intend to express an opinion
upon the condition of things in the district
alluded to by the gentleman from New York.
I supposed that it was my duty, as I supposed
it was that of the gentleman from New York, to
wait until an investigation has been had of all
the facts, upon testimony properly taken,
when all parties interested can be present and
cross-examine witnesses, and when the com-
mittee could consider the weight due to such
testimony and bring it before the House with
such conclusions as they might think it justi-
fied. 1 do not now intend to express an
opinion beyond this: that I can very well
understand the condition of things in Kentucky
that would bring about the production of the
affidavit which my distinguished friend from
New York has carried in his pocket and has
brought forward, as I think inopportunely, as is
usual with him. But, sir, if there be any
truth in the statement of the original affidavit,
that there was in Kentucky in 1801 such a con-
dition of things as would permit an armed
band of rebels to come there and carry off a
citizen of that State into the rebel confederac3r
and wage war upon him and other peaceful
citizens of that State, I can understand very
well how that condition of things may still
remain to such an extent that the poor, unfor-
tunate colored man whose name has been
brought in here to-day may be under such an
apprehension with regard to his present personal
safety as to find his only way of deliverance in
signing such an affidavit as has just been read
to the House. Whether this be the fact or not
I do not know. It would perhaps have been as
well to refer this affidavit to the committee
that they might examine whether there was
any ground for it. I have, however, just had
put into my hand the affidavit of two gentle-
men who witnessed Hockaday's signature to
the affidavit which was produced here on the
3d of July. The affidavit of these two gentle-
men may throw some little additional light
upon the condition of things in Kentucky to-
day as well as at the time when the witness
signed the affidavit originally read in this
House, and also at the time when some person
named Young—I do not know who—headed a
band of rebels that invaded the State of Ken-
tucky and carried of with impunity this poor
colored man into the rebel confederacy.
I ask that this -may be read and also referred
to the Committee of Elections, which commit-
tee I trust will undertake to examine in a
proper and legal manner the witnesses they
may find who will throw any light on the real
condition of things in Kentucky, and report at
as early a day as possible.
The Clerk read as follows:
State of Kentucky, County of Montgomery :
This day personally appeared before mo J. P. Nel-
son and K. A. Thomas, well known to mo to be cred-
ible persons, who state that thev witnessed the sig-
nature of an affidavit made by "Willis Hockaday, and
read in the proceedings of the House of Represent-
atives. United States Congress, on the 3d day of
July instant, as a paper accompanying the protest
filed against John I). Young being permitted to qual-
ify as member for the ninth Kentucky district. They
state that at the time said Hockaday directed his
name signed to said paper ho was asked the ques-
tion, " Havo you heard this paper read over, and nre
| its statements true." Hockaday answered: " I have
I hoard it read; it is true every word of it, and I will
swear to it anywhere." His name was then signed
to the paper. Affiants witnessed it and were present
before the notary. George E. Miller, who swore Hock-
aday to the same, and signed his own name to tba
certificate, asking witness if he had heard th® affi-
davit read, who answered he had.
J. P. NELSON,
B. A. THOMAS.
Sworn to before me, by J. P. Nelson and E. A.
Stomas this 12th day of July, 1867,
K. E. GARRETT.
Police Judge, Mount Sterling.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I happened
to be the member who presented the protest
on the first day of the session bringing up the
question of the propriety of admitting Young
to be sworn into his seat, or I would not trouble
the House for one moment. But as I did pre-
sent those papers I desire to make some little
correction in regard to the statements submit-
ted by the gentleman from New York, fMr.
Brooks.]
In the first place, sir, as to the papers which
were presented, there was a protest presented
by Mr. McKee, late a member of this House,
and now contesting the right to this seat against
Young being permitted to take the oath, recit-
ing some ten or twelve or fourteen, I do not
know how many, reasons for the exclusion of
Young. There were twoother protests numer-
ously signed by citizens of the ninth district
of Kentucky precisely similar to that presented
by Mr. McKee. The action of the House was
not, as the gentleman from New York sup-
poses, based upon the single affidavit of what
this negro man swore to, but there were ten,
twelve, fourteen, perhaps more, affidavits of
various persons covering various charges.
Only one or two of the affidavits were read.
The reading of the affidavits were suspended,
and then all of the papers were referred to the
Committee of Elections.
One word more. These affidavits were
necessarily ea: parte. They were not evidence
' against Young's right to a seat except as rais-
ing the question as to the propriety of his
being permitted to take his seat. For that
purpose, as a matter of course, they were suf-
ficient simply to raise the preliminary ques-
tion on which to base investigation into the
matter and determine whether he ought to be
permitted or not to take his seat. I offered it
for no other purpose but simply to stop Young
being sworn in. These affidavits were a fair,
just, and sufficient showing for the prelimi-
nary action of the House. The papers, with
the protest, went to the Committee of Elec-
tions, and I took care in the original resolution,
and also in the substitute for the resolution, to
provide that the committee should investigate
the whole matter in regard to these charges,
particularly including this charge of disloy-
alty, and for the purpose of making the inves-
tigation what it should be they should have
the power to take testimony, and for this pur-
pose to send for persons and papers.
Now, sir, the case was made before the
committee. After that it seems to me-there
remained nothing to do except as the testimony
might come into the House to send it to that
committee, and for the committee at their dis-
cretion to send also for persons and papers.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
has thought proper to introduce at this late
stage a counter affidavit. It can have no effect
one way orthe other unless it maybe supposed
in some way or other to clear up the character
of Mr. Young as it appears in the newspapers
from that first affidavit which was submitted.
I make no question in regard to the propriety
or impropriety of having it read now. it can
take no other course than to be referred to the
Committee of Elections: and I may be per-
mitted perhaps to say it cannot have much
effect there any further than to help direct the
committee to the sources of inquiry which they
shall hereafter make.
I presume, therefore, the committee will
send for this black man, and as he seems to
have sworn one way at one time and another
way at another, as iie may have been deceived
at one time or the other or at both tinvs, the
only way of eliciting the tuiih will be, the
