700
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
inquiry being established, to send for papers
and look into the matter carefully. I suppose
the- only question is, shall these two conflicting
depositions, one offered by the gentleman from
New York and the other by the chairman of
the, committee, be sent to the Committee of
Elections ? I shall vote that they both go to
that committee, there to be taken for what
they are worth. But I wish to enter my protest
against the Committee acting definitely upon
either of these affidavits, or upon: any such
testimony as concluding the case in regard to
the right of Mr. Young to' a seat. I think the
witnesses should be before the committee, or
else that affidavit should be taken upon proper
notice, so that we maybe sure, if the witnesses
are not within reach,- that both parties have
had an opportunity of being present when the
testimony is taken.
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman from Ohio
and the gentleman from Massachusetts do not
seem to comprehend the real point of this case,
or rather I may say, perhaps they do not desire
exactly to comprehend the great point at issue,
which is the right of the State of Kentucky to
an immediate representation on the floor of
this House upon presenting the certificates of
the Governor of the State, under the great seal
of the State. The only one among these affi-
davits that was published, if I recollect right,
is the ex parte affidavit of Hockaday. That
was carried to the State of Kentucky, and there
it tarns out that the affiant is a colored man,
who swears two ways. There were numerous
other ex parte affidavits which were not
lished—made, it may be, by black men or not—
which if published in the State of Kentucky
would perhaps bring out counter affidavits like
the one I presented.
Now I ask if under ex parte affidavits taken
by a contestant, who, if. I am correctly in-
formed, is guilty of a most monstrous act—I
may be incorrectly informed as to that—but at
all events an eager, greedy contestant, who
without regard to the law of elections brings
those ex parte affidavits before this House,
wilhout having given any notice to Mr. Young,
as he ought to have done—I ask if, under
such affidavits, it is right to exclude a whole
delegation from a State from their seats? Here
are ex parte affidavits against the great seal of
the State. They are taken without any notice
whatever to the other party. They are sent to
the Committee of Elections, and what is the
result? Why, the honorable gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] knows as well as
I do that the cffcct of this action is, althongh
t&e loyalty of Mr. Young may be undisputed,
and he may bo proved to have been the most
loyal man in the country, to keep him out of
his seat until March, April, or May next, until
this Congress has exhausted a large portion of
its legislative term. And in excluding him you
at the same time exclude all the delegation
from the State of Kentucky, except one mem-
ber.
it is obvious, from the remarks of the chair-
man of the Committee of Elections, that he
intends to make this a long examination. The
argument of the gentleman is, if he is a disloyal
man and has his seat given him under the cer-
tificate of the great seal of the State we are
obliged to sit here with such disloyal member,
and there is no remedy for that unfortunate
position. Why, sir, if the precedents of this
House had been followed, Mr. Young would
have been admitted to his seat forthwith as a
member of the House; and if he had been dis-
loyal, if on taking the oath of office he had
been guilty of perjury, it would have been in
the power of two thirds of this House—and the
dominant party here have a clear majority of
two thirds—immediately to expel him from his
seat. But the final re^tilt of all this action is
to exclude the State of Kentucky from repre-
sentation here until March, April, or May next
upon ex parte affidavits of this negro, Hock-
aday, who has sworn two ways, and the ex
parte affidavits of other persons whose testi-
mony is not worth more than that of Hock-
aday. I followed the precedents of the House
in proposing to refer this matter to the Com-
mittee of Elections-, following out ail the pro-
prieties of the occasion in the most temperate
manner possible. I violated none of the priv-
ileges -well known and recognized in the pro-
ceedings of the House in asking the reference
of t-liis paper to a committee on which the
political friends of Mr. Young have two mem-
bers, while his political opponents have' seven.
I ask the immediate action of the committee
on the case, becanse Mr. Young -can at any
time be excluded from the House if the charges
made against him are established. All I ask
of the committee is an early and immediate
report. I have shown that the affidavit upon
which this Representative was excluded is
worthless. This is the spectacle presented:
a member from the State of Kentucky, hold-
ing his commission under the great seal of his
State, is excluded by negro testimony taken
ex parte without his knowledge 1 To establish
such a precedent would be monstrous.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from New
York asks the immediate action of the Com-
mittee'of Elections upon this question. .Does
the gen'tletnan ask the Committee, of Elections
to pass upon the great question whether a man
claiming a seat 'in this House is loyal or not,
upon the mere affidavits of persons for or
against him ? I await his answer.
Mr. BROOKS. I ausvver by saying that
exparte affidavits, taken in violation of law,
prove nobody disloyal under the election laws
of Congress.
Mr. DAWES. Very well; then the gentle-
man desires the action of the Committee of
Elections without evidence.
Mr. BROOKS. Upon the certificate of elec-
tion.
Mr. DAWES. That I take to be the inter-
pretation of the gentleman's remarks, both
to-day and on a former occasion. He places
so light an estimate upon the charge that a
man claiming a seat in this House has waged
war upon his country that he proposes to let
the question be decided without evidence and
upon such statements as may be made in his
behalf in private letters addressed to the gen-
tleman from New York.
I would like to ask the gentleman—and I
want a categorical answer—whether, if it
should be proved to his satisfaction that the
gentleman claiming a seat in this House as a
Representative from this district did actually,
as is stated in this original affidavit, head a
band of rebels who carried Hockaday off into
the confederacy, he would vote to admit him
to a seat? I ask a categorical answer.
Mr. BROOKS. Is there any proof of that?
Mr. DAWES. It is not for me to say
whether there is or is not. I am instructed by
the House to inquire whether the charge is
true or not; and I again ask the gentleman to
tell me whether, if it is proved to his satisfac-
tion that this man did lead the band of rebels
tlft.t carried off this negro, he will vote to admit
him to a seat here 1
Mr. BROOKS. I hold that where a man
presents a certificate of membership under the
great seal of his State, he ought to have the
oath administered to him, and then, if he take
the oath, he can be expelled for peijury or
otherwise.
Mr. DAWES. Then I understand the gen-
tleman that no crime of that character against
the nation can be committed by any man
claiming a seat here which shall be of so dark
a dye that will justify his exclusion from a seat
in this House.
Mr. SCHENCK. Let in enough of such
men, and they would exclude us.
Mr. DAWES. Exactly; let us gGt enough
of them here, and they would soon have enough
to exclude all the rest of us, excepting perhaps
the gentleman from New York.
Mr. ROBINSON. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. DAWES. Certainly, sir.
Mr. ROBINSON. All the proof, as I under-
stand, against the loyalty of Mr. Young rests
upon the statement of one Hockaday, who
now withdraws, that statement. Hence, so far
as I can see, the record of Mr. Young as to
loyalty is the same as that of th  gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] -®t  myself.
Mr. DAWES. In answer to the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Robixsojs,]- I will say
that he is exceedingly oblivious to what has
been stated over and over again 'on this floor,,
and . to what has been read from-the Clerk's
desk. There have been a multitude of affida-
vits presented. I suppose that an answer of
the character of that furnished to-day by the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]'has
not been furnished in- reference to the other
affidavits for perhaps one of two reasons,
either because the affiants could not be found
out or hunted down, or because they had more
backbone than the poor colored man whose
counter-affidavit has been presented here to-
day.
Now, sir, the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Brooks] iff over-zealous in behalf of his
friends. He goes further than Mr. Young him-
self. While Mr. Young is anxious, as is every
member of the committee, to prOcefed at onee
in the investigation of this matter, the question
was put to him distinctly whether he desired
this investigation to go on without further tes-
timony, and, unlike the gentleman from New
York, Mr. Young said that he desired that the
committee should have an opportunity to invest-
igate this matter upon evidence properly taken,
upon due notice to the parties, and upon cross-
examination^ Hence the committee supposed
it was in accordance with the wish of Mr.
Young (whatever may be the wish of the gen-
tleman from New York) that they should take
time to proceed to Kentucky and examine this
case according to the rules of evidence, so as
to bring testimony here for the satisfaction of
such members of this House as believe that a
man may be such a traitor that he ought to be
excluded from this floor. To the gentleman
from New York it is quite unnecessary to take
testimony. I submit that that gentleman has
already committed himself to the doctrine that
no patter what crime a man may have com-
mitted against his country, he has a right to
come here and take a seat in this House—to
sit here in mockery of the authority of the
Government, pretending to make laws in its
support..
Mr. ROSS. Will the gentleman yield to me
a moment?
Mr. DAWES. Yes, sir.
Mr. ROSS. I desire to ask the gentleman
whether, in his judgment, a certificate of elec-
tion from the proper authority does not, prima
facie, entitle a member to a seat in this House?
Mr. DAWES. Most certainly, sir; I have
said so a hundred times on this floor. Unless
something can be brought forward deserving
the name of testimony—something that deserves
to have weight with honest and honorable men,
who regard their country and regard the char-
acter of the men who sit here, such certificate
of election should be sufficient, prima faeie, to
entitle a man to admission.
Mr. ROSS. Then I would inquire of the
gentleman whether the holder of such certifi-
cate has not a right to take and hold his seat
until it is shown by legitimate and legal testi-
mony that he is disqualified?
Mr. DAWES. I hold, Mr. Speaker, that
when there is presented alongside of the cer-
tificate a case which leads members here, clothed
by the Constitution with the power and duty of
passing upon the qualifications of those who
apply for admission—when there is presented
alongside of such a certificate such a case as
leads us to suppose that there is good reason
to believe that the man presenting himself is
disqualified, it is the duty of those whom the
Constitution requires to pass upon the qualifi-
cations of members to stop at this initial point
and pass upon that question. In order to do
this they must be furnished-with testimony;
and if they are to be furnished with testimony
thgy cannot rely upon affidavits or counter-affi-
davits or private letters. They must summon
witnesses either at the bar of the House or
