1867.
THE OOJS!(tEESSIONAL GLOBE
m
rnony should be brought before us, and we
should pass upon it under our responsibility as
members here.
Mr, EOSS. I would like to inquire of the
gentleman whether he thinks there is before
the House any such legal testimony as should
rightly deprive Mr. Young of his prima facie
right to occupy a seat here?
Mr. DAWES. Why does the gentleman
put that question to me, when the House, in my
absence, passed upon this subject? 1
Mr. ROSS. Because I want an answer.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Ross] knows very well that no member
of this House claims that a man should be
deprived of his seat here upon any testimony
that was produced in the Kentucky cases. But
the House did decide, and I believe rightly,
that there was presented in reference to some
of the applicants for seats, including Mr.
Young, sufficient ground to justify us in saying
that the qualifications of these men to seats on
this floor should bo examined into and passed
upon by the House before they take their seats.
The motion of Mr. Brooks was agreed to;
and the paper was accordingly referred to the
Committee of Elections.
control of indian affairs.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a bill for reference and to be
printed. It is a bill to restore the Bureau for
Indian Affairs to the War Department.
Mr. ROSS. I will not object if it be referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. SCHENCK. It relates to a military
subject, and ought to be referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. Let it come in,
and then the House can refer it to whatever
committee it pleases. I move to suspend the
rules.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
64, noes 20.
Mr. ROSS demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Ross and Mr.
Schenck were appointed.
Mr. ROSS moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and thereupon
(at three o'clock and fifty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petition's.
The following petitions wore presented under the
rule, and referred to the appropriate committees :
By Mr. BROOMALL: The petition of citizens of
the kite State of Mississippi, praying: that their civil
organization beset aside.
By Mr. COBB: The petition of Andrew C. Smith,
late sergeant of company G, thirty-second regiment
Iowa infantry volunteers, for back pension.
By Mr. PERHAM: The petition of Daniel Hau-
sey and others, soldiers and widovrs of the -war of
1812, for pensions.
By Mr. POLAND: The petition of John F. Cono-
ley, judge of probate, of Dallas county, Alabama,
praying to be relieved from disability on account of
having been engaged in the rebellion. Accompany-
ing the petition and recommending that the prayer
thereof be granted are petitions from leading Union
men of Alabama, also from General Svrayno and
several other officers of the United States Army.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, July 18, 1867.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
maurice rice evans.
Mr. CONKLTNG. There is on the table a
joint resolution to which attention has once or
twice been called before. I rise to ask the
Senate to allow it to be taken up, and I think
I can make a statement which will deter every
Senator from making any objection. It is, as
has been stated before, a resolution to give to
a meritorious young man the opportunity of
entering the Naval Academy, to which he has
been nominated ; btt1 the time has been allowed
to pass when regularly he could be examined.
There is no other regular and matter-of-course
opportunity to be examined until September,
by which time he will have passed the age
within..which, if at all, he mast enter this
Academy. Previously, when something was
said about this matter, Senators—and among
them, I think, the chairman of the Naval
Committee—did not appear inclined to give
assent to the agreement by the Senate in the
House resolution, because they thought a
proper application to the Secretary of the
Navy in so small a matter as this must lead to
his allowing this young man to be examined
now by some one of the number of officers
who I understand are here and might just as
well do it as not. Accordingly an effort to
that end was made. I think the Naval Com-
mittee of this body unanimously or nearly so
(all those who -were here, at any rate, concur-
ring in it) united in an urgent request to the
Secretary to allow it to be done, feeling the
hardship of the case. Without any reason
that I can understand or any reason that I can
learn from others he simply refused to allow it
to be done, putting himself upon the law and
saying that Congress has the power to order it
to be done, and if the case appeals to anybody
it appeals to Congress; in short, he will not do
it; and I am informed that he also says that he
has issued some regulation which this would
not be in accordance with; and therefore,
although I believe he considers himself com-
petent to almost any task, it seems that he
does not think his jurisdiction is broad and
deep enough to vary some martinet regulation
which he has, which prescribes that this thing
shall be done on one day rather than on an-
other ; and accordingly, unless the clemency
(perhaps I ought to say) of this body can be
successfully appealed to, this young man, who
has made all his arrangements and whose fam-
ily have made all their arrangements for his
entering upon this life, the life of a sailor, is
to lose the opportunity and go home disap-
pointed, with the loss of money and the loss
of expectation. It seems to me too bad; and
although I have been one of those insisting, as
far as I thought I properly could, against the
taking up of matters other than those referred
to in our rule, yet we have done it heretofore,
and this is so small a thing I hope the resolu-
tion may be taken up and acted upon. I think
it will consume no time.
Mr. SUMNER. Let it be done at once.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from New York asks unanimous consent
to take up House joint resolution No. G9,
authorizing the Secretary of the Navy to admit
to examination Maurice Rice Evans for admis-
sion to the Naval Academy in September next.
Is there any objection to taking up the resolu-
lution? The Chair hears none.
The joint resolution was read the second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. GRIMES. It is true, as stated by the
Senator from New York, that when this bill
was under consideration a few days ago I in-
terposed some objection, and there are reasons
why, as a general proposition, we should not.
indulge in such legislation as is proposed. But !
under the circumstances I do not feel like
availing myself of the rule of the Senate to
object to the consideration of the bill. It is
true, c£s stated by him also, that the Naval
Committee of this body, not able to perceive
any objection to a special examination of this
young man, united in a request to the Secre-
tary of the Navy, urging him to order him to
a special examination, well knowing as we did
that there are thirty or forty officers of the
Navy at this time in the city of Washington,
who might as well spend two or three hours in
his examination as not; and also knowing that
there are naval officers now remaining at the
Naval Academy at Annapolis who are qualified
to make the examination, and who would be 1
perfectly content to make it if they were so '
directed by the Secretary of the Navy. It j
seems that the Secretary of theNavy objects j
to complying with the request of the member i
of Cctagress who bestowed this appointment !
upon the young gentleman named in the reso- I
lution, or complying with the request of the 1
Naval Committee, because he says that the law
of Congress passed two or three years ago de-
clares that these candidates shall be examined
according to the regulations established by the
Secretary of the Navy, and he having estab-
lished certain regulations, he' thinks that it is
better for parties to come to Congress to get
legislation here than it is for him with a stroke
ot his pen to change a regulation of his Depart-
ment which he can renew in two minutes after
the change has been made.
If such is to be the spirit and construction
of the Department upon a question of this
kind, I cannot of course interpose any objec-
tion to the consideration of such a resolution
as this.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. I concurred in the pro-
priety of not taking this resolution up when it
was first called to the attention of the Senate
for the reasons stated by the honorable mem-
ber from Iowa. I had no doubt that the Sec-
retary of the Navy had complete power to
authorize the examination of this young man,
and I could not doubt that that power he would
exercise. That he had officers enough within
his reach from whom to select a board of exam-
iners I understood was true beyond all doubt.
But now he insists upon it that he will do
nothing unless Congress interfere. He forces
us to violate a rule which we have established
in view of the general service of the country
rather than do an act which he is authorized
to perform, which every intelligent mau and
every liberal man would say ought to be per-
formed, to give this young man an opportunity
of being examined, when he will be lost to the
service and when his own ambition will be
entirely defeated of being an officer of the ser-
vice if that examination is not now had. I
hope, therefore, that the Senate will not hesi-
tate a moment in passing this resolution. It
will not only be an act of justice to the young
man. but I hope will serve in some measure
to rebuke the obstinacy of the Secretary.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I joined with the com-
mittee in recommending the application for
this examination to the Secretary of the Navy.
I thought it possible for him to do it under the
law. And while I now vote for the resolution,
I shall not vote for it with the understanding
that the Secretary of the Navy is necessarily
censured, as is intimated by the Senator from
Maryland, On so trifling a matter as this I do
not intend to vote a censure upon any officer
of the Government. I do not know what would
be the embarrassments of any of the Depart-
ments if, upon a mere matter of accommoda-
tion to some boy or some family, the regulations
of the Department which are found useful for
the public service are to be departed from. I
shall vote for this because it appeals to my
sympathies, and only for that reason.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and ;
petitions.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a memorial of cit-
izens of Alabama, expressive of their thanks
to the Government of the United States for
supplies forwarded to the suffering people of
that State; which was ordered to lie on the
table and be printed.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhkrson, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed a bill
(H. R. No. 143) regulating the selection of
officers in the city of Washington, and for
other purposes.
affairs is mexico.
Mr. CHANDLER. I*move that the Senate
take up the resolution which I offered the other
day in regard to certain affairs in Mexico.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the resolution
submitted on July 8. directing the Committee
on Foreign Relation.-- to iuqti.ie into the facts
connected with the allseed uiui-.W of ollkvrs
