m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18,
and men in Mexico under a decree of the
Emperor Maximilian.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask for the passage
of the resolution. It is only a resolution of
inquiry. I presume there is^no objection to it;
Mr. ANTHONY. I believe that resolution
declares in the preamble that'more than ten
thousand Mexicans were killed  •
Mr. CHANDLER. It simply says that is
the allegation.
Mr. SPRAGUE and others. Let the reso-
lution be road.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution, as
follows:
Whereas it is alleged that Maximilian, the so-
called emperor of Mexico, did on the 3d day of Octo-
ber, 1865, issue the following: decree:
maximilian, emperor of mexico.
Having heard our council of ministers and our
council of state, we decree:
Article 1. All persons belonging to armed bands
or corpsnotlegally authorized, whether they proclaim
or not any political principles, and whatever be the
number of those who compose the said bands, their
organization, character, and denomination, shall be
tried militarily by the courts-martial; and if found
guilty, even of theonlyfact of belonging to the band,
they shall be condemned to capital punishment
witftin the twenty-four hours following the sentence.
Art. 2. Those who, belonging to the bands men-
tioned in tho previous article will bo captured with
arms in their hands, shall bo tried by the officer of
the force which has captured thorn, and he shall
within a delay never extending over twenty-four
hours after the said capturo make a verbal inquest
of the offense, hearing tho defense of the prisoner.
Of this inquest ho will draw an act, closing with the
sentence, which must be to capital punishment if
the accused is found guilty, even if only of the*fact
of belonging to the band. The officer shall have the
sentence executed within the twenty-four hours
aforesaid, seeing that tho criminal receive spiritual
assistance. Tho sentence having been executed, the
officer shall forward the act of inquest to the minis-
ter of war.
Art. 3. From tho penalty established in tho pre-
ceding article shall only bo exempted thobo who,
having done nothing more than being with the band,
will prove that they weromade to join it by force, or
did not belong to it, but were lound accidentally in it.
Art. 4. If, from the inquest mentioned in articlo
two, factsareelicitedwhichinducetho oificcr holding
it to believo that tho prisoner was made to join tho
band by forco, without having committed any other
crime, or that he was found accidentally in it, with-
out belonging to it, thesaid officer shall abstain from
passing sentence, and he shall send the accused, with
the respective act of inquest, to tho proper court-
martial, in order that the trial bo proceeded with by
tho latter, in conformity with article one.
Art. 5. Shall bo tried and sentenced conformably
with articlo one of this law: 1st. All thoso-who will
voluntarily assist the " onerri!faros" with money or
any oth-;r means whatever. 2d. Thoso who will give
thom advici*, information, or counsel. 3d. Those
who voluntarily, and knowing that they aro "guer-
rilicroawill put within their reach, or sell thom
arms, horses, ammunition, subsistence, or any arti-
cles of war whatever.
Art. 0. Shall also bo tried conformably with the
said article first: 1. Thoso who will hold with the
" ffverrilleros" such rolations as infer connivance
with them. 2. Those who, voluntarily and know-
ingly, will conceal them in their houses or estates.
3. Those who, by word or writing, will spread false
or alarming reports by which publio order may bo
disturbed, or will make against it any kind of dem-
onstration whatever. 4. All owners or adminis-
trators of rural estates who will not givo prompt
notico to the nearest authority of tho passage of
some band through the same estates. Thoso in-
cluded in paragraphs one and two of this article
shall bo punished by imprisonment from six months
to two years, or by hard labor from one to three
years, according to the gravity of tho ease. Those
who, being included in paragraph two, were tho
ascendants, descendants, spouses, or brothers of the
party conccaicd by them, shall not sufforthe penalty
aforesaid, but they shall remain subjcct to the vigil-
ance of the authorities during tho time the court-
martial will fix. Thoso included in paragraph three
of this article bhall bo punished by a lino of from
twenty-fivo to one thousand dollars, or by imprison-
ment from one month to one year, according to the
gravity of the ollense. Those included in paragraph
lour of this artioiesball bepunished bya tmcot from
two hundred to two thousand dollars.
Art. 7. The local authorities of the villages who
will not give notice to their immediate superiors of
the passage through their villages of armed men
will be ministerially punished by the said superiors
by a fine of from two hundred to two thousand dol-
lars, or by seclusion from three months to two years.
t Art. 8. Whatever residents of a village who, hav-
inginformationoftheproximityor passage of armed
men by the village, will not give notice of it to the
authorities shall buffer a fine of from five to five hun-
dred dollars.
Art. 9. All residents of a village threatened by
some gang, who are between the ages of eighteen
and fifty-iiYC years, and have no physical disability,
are obliged to present themselves for the common
i m S00^ as called, and for failing to do so they
i all be punished by a fine of from five to two hun-
dred dollars, or by imprisonment of fifteen days to
lour mouths. If the authorities think it more proper
to punish the village for not having defended itself
they may im-poso upon it a fine of from two hundred
to two thousand dolJars, and the said fine shall be
paid by all those together, who, being m the category
prescribed by this article, did not present themselves
for the common defense. # #
Art. 10. All owners or administrators of rural
estates, who, being able to defend themselves, will
not prevent tho entrance on the said estates of guer-
rilleros or other malefactors; or, after these have
entered, will not give immediate information of it
to the nearest military authority; "or will receive on
the estates-the tired or wounded horses of the gangs,
without notifying the said authority of the fact, shall
bepunished for it by a fine.of from one hundred to
two thousand dollars, according to the importance
of the case; and if it is of great gravity, they shall be
put in prison and sent to the court-martial, to be
tried by the latter conformably with the law. The
fine shall be paid to the principal administrator of
rents to which the estate belongs. The provision of
the first part of this article is applicable to the popu-
lations.
Art. 11. Whatever authorities, whether political,
military, or municipal, shall abstain from proceed-
ing, in conformity with tho provisions of this law,
against parti cssuspected or known to have committed
the offenses provided for in said law. will be minis-
terially punished by a fine of from fifty to ono thou-
sand dollars; and if it appear that the fault was of
such a nature as to import complicity with the crim-
inal, the said authorities will oe submitted by order
of tne Government to the court-martial, to be tried
by the latter and punished according to the gravity
of the offense.
Art. 12. Thieves shall be tried and sentenced in
conformity With article one of this law, whatever
may be the naturo and circumstances of the theft.
Art. 13. The sentence of death pronounccd for
offenses provided lor by this law shall be executed
within tho delays proscribed in it, and it is prohib-
ited that any demands for pardon be gone through.
If the sentence is not of death and the criminal is a
foreigner, even after its execution tho Government
may use toward him tho faculty it has to expel
from the territory of the nation all obnoxious stran-
gers.
Art. 14. Amnesty is granted to all thoso who may
have belonged, and may still belong, to armed bands
if they present themselves to the authorities before
the 15th of ^November next, provided they have not
committed any other offenses subsequently to tho
date of the present law. The authorities will receive
t-ho arms of those who will present themselves to
accept tho amnesty.
Art, 15. Tho Government reserves the faculty to
declare when the provisions of this law will cease.
Each one of our ministers is charged with the exe-
cution of this law in tho part which concerns liira,
and will givo thonecessaryordersforitsstrictobsorv-
anee.
Given at the Palace of Mcxico on the 3d of Octo-
ber, 18G5. MAXIMILIAN.
Tho Minister of Foreign Affairs, charged with the
ministry of state,
JOSE F. RAMIREZ.
Tho Minister of War,
JUAN DIAS PEZA.
The Minister of Improvement,
LUIS IIOBLES PJ3ZUELA.
The Minister of tho Interior,
JOSE MARIA ESTEVA.
The Minister of Justice,
PEDHO ESCUDERO Y ECHANOVE.
The Minister of Public Instruction and Religious
Worship, MANUEL SILICEO.
The Sub-Secretarv of the Treasury,
FRANCISCO DE 1>. CESAR.
A true copy. Washington, October 25, 1865.
1GN0. MAIilSCAL, Secretary.
And whercasit is alleged that, under thatinhuman
and barbarous decree, issued in violation of the laws
of war, the rights of tho Mexican people, and of the
civilization of thonineteenthcentury.MajorGeneral
Jose M. Ortega, Brigadier General Nicolas Salazar,
Colonels Bias Paracho, Villa Gomez, Perez Milieua,
Vulands, and more than two thousand other Mexi-
can patriots, officers and men, wero inhumanly mur-
dered in cold blood, aftorhavingsurrendered aspris-
oners of war, in violation of evory law and usage of
civilized warfare.
jRcwlved, ThattbeCommittee on Foreign Relations
be directed to inquire as to tho truth of the above
allegations, and report the facts to this body at the
earliest practicable moment.
The resolution was agreed to.
HILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 60) authorizing exten-
sions of the mail steamship service between
the United States and China ; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also asked and obtained leave to intro-
duce a joint resolution (S.-R. No. 61) relative
to letter-carriers ; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S, R. No. 62) expressive of the sense
of the American people toward the republic
of Mexico ; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. ANTHONY. I should like to hear the
resolution read at length.
The joint resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled.
That the Congress of the United States, for and in
behalf of the people of the United States, hereby
express to the republican patriots of the republie
of Mexico their admiration for the long, persistent,
and heroic struggle of their people to maintain the
integrity of their country and the republican form
of its government and institutions, their congratula-
tion for the signal triumph they have gained.over
foreign influence and domestic treachery, and their
earnest hope that their victory will consolidate and
strengthen the republic, establish and confirm re-
publican institutions, law, and order, and a due
regard for the rights of person and property, and that
a humane and liberal policy toward the vanquished
may crown the glory of their endurance, courage,
and valor.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, .by Mr." McPherson, its Clerk, an-
nounced that the House had passed a bill
(H. R. No. 145) in relation to the district
court of the United States for the northern dis-
trict of Ohio; a joint resolution (H. R. No. 77)
in regard to judgments in the Court of Claims
in cotton casesj £joint resolution (H. R. No.
78) authorizing the extension of mail steam-
ship service between the United States and
China and Japan, and a joint resolution (H.
II. No. 79) relative to the purchase of Hall's
carbines, in all of which the concurrence of the
Senate was requested.
The message further announced that the
House had passed a concurrent resolution in-
structing the Commissioner of Education to
report upon the feasibility and expediency of
introducing the phonetic system of spelling
into general use.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled joint res-
olution (H. R. No. 09) authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Navy to admit to examination
Maurice Rice Evans for admission to the Naval
Academy in September next.
PEACE WITH INDIAN TItlBES.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration 
Mr. SUMNER. Before the Senate proceeds
with his bill I hope the bill which came from
the House will be taken up. There is tf1 bill
on the table just received from the House. Let
us have it disposed of.
Mr. HENDERSON. This is a matter of
much more importance. 1 desire that the
Senate should consider it. We can pass this
bill in a few minutes now.
Mr. SUMNER. But there probably will be
debate.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move to take up
Senate bill No. 136, to establish peace with
certain hostile Indian tribes. I have been very
patient about this matter. I desire to get
through with the bill, so that it may go to the
other House.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the bill, (S. No. 136,) the pending
question being on the amendment offered by
Mr. Harlan to the second section.
Mr. HENDERSON. I ask that the amend-
ment be read again.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to strike out all after the word "that" in
the first line of the second section and to insert
in lieu of the words stricken out:
Said commissioners are required to examine and
select districts of country lying north of tho State
of Nebraaka and west of the Missouri river, oi suf-
ficient area to receive all the Indian tribes now occu-
pying territory east of the Rocky mountains and
nortn of that river and the 3sftte of Iowa, not now
, peacefully residing oil permanentreservatiuns under
j treaty stipulations, in which districts there shall be
I sufficient tillable and grazing land to enable said
tribes respectively to support themselves by agricul-
I turo and pastoral pursuits. Said districts, when so
