1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
703
selected and the selections approved by Congress,
shall be and remain permanent homes for the said
Indians to be located thereon, and no person, not
members of said# tribes, shall" ever be permitted to
tenter thereon without the permission of the tribe
"interested, except officers and employes of theUnited
States: I rovided, thatsaid districts shall be so located
as not to interfere with the traveled highways located
by authority of the United States and the probable
route of the Northern Pacific railroad.
Mr. HENDERSON. I hope that amend-
ment will be adopted, because the objections
that I have.heard presented to the bill will be
removed by it, and a similar amendment in the
third section. I have consulted with the Sen-
ator from Iowa, and he has consented to offer
an amendment of a similar character to section
three; and then, by striking out section four,
I believe all the objections that have been
urg<Sl against the bill will be removed. Per-
haps not all the objections, but certainly all
except the objections urged by the Senator
from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] the other day.
He objected to having any reservation in this
northern section 6f country at all, but wanted
the entire body of Indians removed to the
southern reservation; that is the reservation
contemplated in section three. The objection
to that is, in the first place, that this section
of country north of Nebraska is already occu-
pied by the Indians, and this provision renders
it no more difficult than it now is to get their
consent when it becomes necessary to build
roads across their lands. Indian reservations
cover the entire section of country now. All
that these commissioners will have to do will
be to see these tribes and get their consent
in order to remove the hostile Sioux. It will
be observed that the difficulty of removing the
Sioux Indians to the southern reservation, as
contemplated by the Senator from "Wisconsin,
is a very great one, wh'en we come to a knowl-
edge of the country. Indeed, it will not do to
remove the Sioux Indians, who know nothing
in regard to agriculture, to that country, because
if we remove them there there is nothing for
their support. That is not the buffalo range of
the Plains of the West; and we shall force them
necessarily to adopt the habits of civilization
and resort to agricultural pursuits to support
themselves from the time they are removed
there. The Senator from Wisconsin says they
do not know the use of a hoe ; they never had
a hoe in their hands in their lives. That is
true. They have lived by the chase entirely.
It will not do to think of removing the savage
Sioux to that section of country. If we do
they will be simply prisoners of war, and we
shall have to do as we are now doing with
the Navajoes, spend perhaps one, two, or three
millions annually to feed them. We can put
them in this region of country, where I under-
stand there are elk, buffalo, and fish enough
to support them, and it will cost the United
States nothing.
Now, in regard to the objection urged by
the Senator from Minnesota, he will observe
by looking to the map of that country and the
treaties already made 
Mr. RAMSEY. I have no objection to this
amendment.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am very glad 'to
hear that there is no objection to it; and with-
out detaining the Senate, as I am exceedingly
anxious to have something done in reference
to this matter, I will propose an amendment
to the first section myself after the amendments'
of the Senator from Iowa have been adopted.
I will here remark that his amendments simply
carry out the idea of the committee. There is
nothing in these amendments inconsistent with
the original purpose of the bill; and they do
away with the objections urged by various
Senators, and I believe make the bill accept-
able to every person who has spoken, with the
single exception of the Senator from Wiscon-
sin, who clearly is mistaken in his ideas of
removing the hostile Sioux into the Indian
territory south of the Arkansas river. It will
not do, and a reflection of live minutes by the
Senator himself on the subject will satisfy him.
Now, without further discussion, without
taking up any more time of the Senate than is
absolutely necessary, I hope this amendment
may be adopted, and the bill passed by the
Senate and sent to the House of Representa-
tives. I will remark that in all that has been
said nothing of objection to the main purpose
of the bill has -been urged. I believe that
every Senator has expressed his determination
to vote for the bill in some shape, and in fact
to vote for it carrying out the leading ideas
entertained by the committee in its preparation.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment to the
second section, offered by the Senator from
Iowa, [Mr. Harlan.]
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on the motion of the Senator from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Howe,] to strike out the
second section -of the bill as modified.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I now offer an amendment
to the third section, to strike out all after the
end of the fourth line and substitute what I
send to the desk. I will state that this has
been drawn at the suggestion of the chairman
of the Committee on Indian Affairs and meets
his view fully. The words proposed to be
inserted are as follows :
That part of the present Indian Territory ceded to
the United States for the use of other Indian tribes,
or such part of it as maybe necessary and which
under existing treaties can be so appropriated,
together with such other adjacent territory as may
be suitable to constitute a permanent home for such
Indians as now inhabit south of the Platte and east
of the Rooky mountains and Pecos river, not peace-
fully residing on permanent reservations under
treaty stipulations, which territory when so defined
and approved by Congress shali not be entered upon
or settled in any manner, except by consent of the
tribes interested, by any person other than members
of said tribes and officers and employes of theUnited
States.
So as-to make the section read:
Th a t said commission ers arc authorized and required
to select, as provided in the preceding section, a dis-
trict of country south of the State of Kansas and
west of the State of Arkansas, including that part
of the present Indian territory ceded, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move now to strike
out section fsur, because those two amend-
ments will confine the action of the commis-
sioners to tribes of Indians who are not located
already by treaty stipulations upon reserva-
tions. The fourth section, it will be perceived,
would be in direct conflict with that, and there-
fore I move to strike it out.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. In the first section,
line twelve, after the word "discretion," the
last word but one of the line, I move to insert
the words "under the direction of the Presi-
dent;" so as to read: J
And in their discretion, under the direction of the
President, to make and conclude with said bands or
triltes such treaty stipulations, &e.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. In line six of section
one, after the word "Beauvais," I move to
insert "Nathaniel G. Taylor."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move further to
strike out the titles of the officers : 1' Lieu-
tenant General" before "William T. Sher-
man;" " Major General" before " W. S. Han-
cock;" "Major General" before " C. C.
Augur;" "Major General" before "William
S. Harney;" and to strike out " Major General
John E. Smith." There will be some difficulty
perhaps in securing his services. He is at
Fort Phil. Kearney in the midst t>f these dis-
turbances, and perhaps it would be better not
to have him on the commission.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to suggest to
the chairman on the committee that in this
commission it would be well to include Gen-
eral Alfred Sully, #ho probably has as large an
amount of Indian experience as any officer of
the Army, and he is now in that country. Gen-
eral Todd, of Dakota, is also in that country,
and would bo a very proper man for such a
commission.
Mr. HENDERSON. I would inquire
whether General Sully is yet connected with
the regular Army.
Mr. RAMSEY. Yes, sir.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have no objection
to General Sully ; he is a very good man, but
Senators object to having so large a number
of Army officers. We have a large number
already, and the desire is to have a larger
proportion of civilians, I believe, than *we
now have, and perhaps it would be better. I
have struck out General Smith's name, not on
account of any objection to him, but because
I'do not believe he will be able to serve, from
what I understand.
Mr. ROSS. I desire to offer an amend-
ment as additional sections:
And be it further enacted, That the General of the
Army is hereby authorized to accept the services of
mounted volunteers from the Governors of the States
of Kansas and Nebraska, and the Territories of New
Mexico, Colorado, Montana, Idaho, and Dakota, in
organized companies and battalions, not exceeding
four thousand men in number, and for such term of
service as in his judgment may be necessary for the
suppression of Indian hostilities in those States and
Territories.
And be it further enacted, That all volunteers so
accepted shall be placed upon the same footing in
respect to pay, clothing, subsistence, and equipment
as the troops of the regular Army.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to strike out the*svords
" General of the Army" and insert " Presi-
dent of theUnited States." I do not make
this proposition in any advocacy of the present
incumbent of the executive chair, but I make
it because it is proper and decorous to the head
of the executive branch of our Government.
Heretofore a proposition to refer a question
of this kind to the discretion and judgment of
the General of the Army or to any other officer
in exclusion of the President would have been
thought altogether improper. I think the Sen-
ate ought not seek to degrade the office of
President of the United States. I have no
reference whatever to the present incumbent
in this motion, as I have said ; but it is fit and
proper that when a discretion of the kind pro-
posed is created by an act of Congress and is
vested it ought to be vested in the proper offi-
cer ; and the proper officer is unquestionably
the President of the United States, the Com-
mander-in- Chief of our Army. I do hope that
Senators will notobjecttothisproposed amend-
ment to the amendment. 1 move it for the
decorum of the proceedings of the Senate, for
the decorum that is due from the Senate to
the chief executive officer of the Government,
without any reference to the present or to any
future incumbent.
Mr. HENDERSON. It seems to me that
this amendment is quite inconsistent with the
objects of the bill 
Mr. FESSENDEN. The question is now on
the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. HENDERSON. I suppose there is no
objection to that.
Mr. JOHNSON. Let the question be taken.
Mr. HENDERSON. Very well.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Kentucky to the amendment of the Senator
from Kansas.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope this amendment to
strike out the words the General of the
Army" and insert "the President of the
United States" will not prevail. I think the
Genera! of the Army is the very person whose
attention ought to be especially called to this
matter, and for these reasons: these border
difficulties have been pending now for several
months. We heard the distant approach of
the storm weeks and months ago. We saw
the western horizon beginning to lower with an
Indian war. We have a President of the
United States whose duty it is to see that the
laws are executed, and of course the word
"laws" includes the treaties of the United
States as well with the Indian tribes as with
foreign nations : and during all this period of
time the executive branch of the Government
seems not to have bestowed the slightest atten-
tion upon the subject of our Indian difficulties
and dangers. Instead of making provision for
