704
OONaMSSIONAL BLQm.
July IB,
the protection of the ftontieiy instead of send-
ing commissioners out there to mak& inquiries
into the causes of complaint which the Indians
may have had against the officers of the United
States, the attention of .the executive branch
of the Government has been given to other
subjects, and for hundreds of miles along the
border there has been for long weeks and
months and still is a feverish anjdety, a
timidity, a trembling in the presence of some
danger which appears to be approaching from
that quarter. The executive government has
done nothing.
They have sent no messenger there to make
inquiry. They seem to have taken no pains to
send troops there for the protection of the
settlers. But instead of attending to this
branch of business) certainly as pressing as
anything else on the part of the Executive, the
President has been amusing the people and
himself on journeys to North Carolina and
making speeches there, with a portion of his
Cabinet, and making journeys to Boston and
various other places, delivering speeches, mak-
ing what political capital he could, exhibiting
the utmost inattention to this most important
and exigent state of affairs between ourselves
and the Indians upon the western frontier.
I would under ordinary circumstances intrust
a matter of this kind to the President of the
United States. I would be content to refer
the matter even to such a man as James
Buchanan, for I should expect that he would
have patriotism enough at least to do his duty
and endeavor to enforce the laws and treaties
of the United States in regard to the Indians.
But as to the present incumbent of the presi-
dential chair, his past acts are sufficient to jus-
tify us, and to demand at our hands—I will go
as far as that—that we shall address this whole
subject to the General of the Army, in whose
fidelity and patriotism we certainly have the
best reason to trust. I hope, therefore, the
amendment of the honorable Senator from
Kansas will be adopted in the form he has
presented it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should not say a
word on this subject, but that the whole speech
of my honorable friend from Michigan is a
sharp, a gross, a very injurious attack upon the
Secretary of War—not so intended by him, I
believe, but necessarily so in its effect. It can-
not be contended that the President in persbn
can attend to all these details of business in
the different Departments. The question is
whetherin those Departments business of what-
ever character is properly attended to. If it
has not been in this particular instance, if it
has been neglected, if the peace of the border
has beenjgnored and everything which should
have been attended to has been left to suffer,
it must be the fault of the Secretary of War,
who is the managing officer in regard to all
these matters. 1 cannot consent to sit here
quietly and hear remarks made that necessarily
reflect upon him. Sir, I believe that all these
matters have been as thoroughly investigated
and attended to by the distinguished officer at.
the head of the War Department (in whom I
think we all have confidence) as they could
have been; that he has been constantly in com-
munication with the commanding general; that
the subject has engaged all his thoughts that it
could engage; that nothing has been neglected
on his part which he believed necessary to be
done; and that lie has acquired all the inform-
ation which it was possible for him to acquire
and which it was necessary for him to possess.
I do not know this any otherwise than the hon-
orable Senator from Michigan himself knows
it; any otherwise than the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs knows it. Prob-
ably they know it better than I do; but if there
has been anything neglected on the part of the
distinguished officer at the h'ead of the War
Department I should like to know what it is.
Mr. WILSON. I do not think anything has
been neglected on his part.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He has been making
no journeys; he has not been indulging in any
pursuit except that of attending to the public
business, and attandip® tp it so closely that I
regret to -say I believe hi's health has suffered
much under the severe labors he has been
called upoij to perform during the last year.
And it is very hard upon such an officer to have
it said that little information has beta acquired
and that these affairs, so important to the coun-
try, have been neglected in that Department.
Now,, sir, I conceive that it is his business,
as the-agent and right-hand man of the Presi-
dent, the Commander-in-Chief of the Army,
to see that these matters are well conducted.
It is his business to recommend measures . to
Congress, through the President, if any are
necessary. It is his business to inquire whether
more troops are wanted, and what descriptions
of troops are required. It is his business to
ascertain all these things, and to see that they
are communicated to Congress, if there is any
necessity of communicating them. This is not
the business of the commanding general. He
does not manage, and ought not to be required
to manage the war affairs any otherwise than
as an executive officer. The President is Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army of the United
States; and he has at the head of the War
Department, which manages and controls all
these things, or ought to ao so, an officer per-
fectly capable, as distinguished certainly as any
man in the country, and entirely devoted to his
duties. To him I would commit such a mat-
ter as this, and not to the commanding general.
Sir, in my judgment we are going a little
too far with regard to the military : the dispo-
sition seems to be to put everything into the
hands of the military. Now, while I trust
General Grant just as far as I would trust any
living man, while I have the utmost respect
for him, I do not think it proper to commit to
him, a mere military officer, the management
of aifairs which belong to the War Department
proper under the direction of Congress. I
think we may just as well pause a little in this
career and inquiro whether we are not setting
at defiance the great rules which regulate the
conduct of affairs as divided into civil and mili-
tary, and not run them all together into one
channel. In my judgment, it is a dangerous
precedent, and not to bo followed except in
cases of absolute necessity.
Mr. HOWARD. I have but one word to
say. It was not my purpose, Mr. President,
to pass any reflection upon the Secretary of
War. That was the farthest from my view.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I supposed not, and
so said.
Mr. HOWARD. I have as high an appre-
ciation of the value of the talents of that gen-
tleman and of his labors during the last five or
six years imbehalf of the country as any other
person. I have no doubt that in respect to
the dangers which have been hovering upon
the western frontier he has honestly and faith-
fully done or endeavored to do his whole duty.
Of this I entertain 110 doubt; but, sir, in my
seat here,, I am under no obligation to hold a
subordinate officer of the Government respon-
sible for the evils of which I complain. I have
a right to look to the Constitution, which in-
structs me that it is the duty of tile President
of the United States to see to it that the laws
are faithfully executed, and I propose to hold
responsible the highest officer, who alone is
ultimately responsible for this, as I would for
every other act. He has had ears to hear the
rumblings of the storm ; he has eyes to see the
approaching danger ; and if he had faithfully
used both these organs I think we should not
have found it necessary at this day to spend
our time in the consideration of the bill now
before us. I think the neglect, or at least the
inattention to duty, is chargeable, not to the
Secretary of War, but to the highest officer of
the Government.
Mr. ROSS. I regret that we are to have a
further discussion of this subject. I had hoped
the bill, after being properly amended, would
pass this morning with as little delay as pos-
sible. It is a matter of very grave importance
to the whole West,-and to my own State espe-
cially, and I have refrained until now from
occupying a moment of the time of the Senate.
I consider this to be a proposition of para-
mount importance',^ as without it the bill is
comparatively inoperative. What we need on
the frontier at this time is immediate, present
protection. My reason for offering the amend-
ment is, that as the bill now stands it is entirely
inoperative for the purpose of present protec-
tion. There is no provision in the bill author-
izing the adoption of measures for the suppres-
sion of present hostilities. I do not know that
any will be necessary, but I do know that it is
the opinion of General Grant and of General
Sherman that a protracted and general war
can more certainly be averted by the employ-
ment of a limited number of volunteers and
for a brief enlistment than in any other way.
It is for the purpose of enabling our comnfttnd-
ing generals to, carry out this idea by author-
izing them, if ni their discretion it should be
necessary, and not otherwise, to accept the
services of volunteers from the States and
Territories named. It must necessarily be
weeks, perhaps months, before this commis-
sion can take any effective action for the sup-
pression of hostilities. They will be compelled
to act through an organized and powerful mili-
tary force, because they can have access to the
councils of the Indian in no other way. They
must be enabled to show to the Indians that
they have the power to execute the purpose
of their commission,.$nd that it will be use-
less for them to stand in the way. But, sir, I
desire to avoid further discussion, and I there-
fore accept the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. I suggest to the honorable
Senator that he allow mo to modify my pro-
posed amendment so as to read thus : strike
out the words " General of the Army" and
say the " Secretary of War, under the author-
ity of the President of the United States."
Mr. ROSS. Very well, I will accept it in
that form.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Kansas, as modified.
Mr. COLE. I am opposed^ to this amend-
ment, and I believe my opposition is upon the
same ground as that about to be expressed by
the Senator from Missouri, who was inter-
rupted in his remarks a few moments ago. It
seems to me to be inconsistent with the objects
of the bill. I regard the bill as it has been
modified as a peace measure, and that its
object is to secure peace at all hazards with
the Indian tribes of the Plains, and of that
object I most fully approve. I think peace is
so desirable that it ought to be attained at
almost any sacrifice, because the war if car-
ried on will be an inglorious one at best, and a
very expensive one at a time when we are little
prepared to add to the expenses of the Gov-
ernment. I would be glad if the propositions
to appoint commissioners to treat with the
Indians could stand alone and independent of
any other propositions in the bill; but to add
this further proposition to raise an army of
mounted volunteers from several States to
carry on the war with the Indian tribes seems
td me to be injudicious. We have a very con-
siderable standing army under pay already,
one large enough X believe to meet all the hos-
tile Indians that may be found in the country,
and I cannot see that it is necessary to add to
this a large volunteer force at this time. I hope
this amendment may not prevail.
Mr. ROSS. I regret that the proposition
which I have submitted should be opposed by
the Senator from California, whose State has
suffered so much in consequence of these
Indian hostilities ; and as the discussion seems
to have been reopened I hope I shall be par-
doned for trespassing upon the attention of the
Senate for a few minutes.
A state of things similar to that now pre-
vailing orf the frontiers, though in a jnodified
form, has existed in Kansas for the past ten
years. Scarcely a season has passed in which
the frontiers have not been more or less dis-
turbed by the incursions of bauds of hostile
Indians, who have murdered and robbed the
