706
THE". CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18,
dents to the strife, and should not be taken
into the-'account when seeking for the remedy.
The strife and turbulence which is now going
on in the western section of Kansas and Ne-
braska is but a continuation of the war which'
was inaugurated upon the early colonists upon
the shores of the Atlantic. The massacre of
Wyoming, to which touching allusionivas made
on this floor a few days since, was but the
beginning of a. series of butcheries which have
been continued upon the frontiers of civiliza-
tion as they have receded to the West from
that day to this, and which every year of the
settlement of Kansas has witnessed upon onr
prairies on a less" extensive but none less bru-
tal scale. The massacre of Fort Phil. Kear-
ney of 1865 is but a repetition of many such
during and subsequent to the revolutionary war.
Who will claim that the Indian hostilities of,
those days were induced by frauds upon the
Indians ; by tlie peculations or deceit of indi-
viduals, or by wrongs of omission or commis-
sion on the part of the Government?
The conflict now, as then, is one between
civilization and barbarism. From that day to
this the forces of each have been constantly
marshaled, the one for conquest, the other
for resistance. The Indian, stimulated by the
instinct of self-preservation, has resisted and
struck at the advancing wave of emigration
rudely and awkwardly, but with all the bar-
baric force at his conBoand, while the white
man, as instinctively possessed with the desire
for conquest and development, pressed for-
ward by the constantly increasing density of
population in the older States, impressed with
the consciousness of his destiny and the philos-
ophy of the sacred injunction to replenish and
subdue the earth, and armed by a superior
civilization, has as steadily moved forward in
his self-imposed mission, until prosperous and
powerful States now embrace the great hunt-
ing grounds of the aborigines, and beautiful
cities with all their wealth of commerce, their
elegant churches, and school-houses crown
their ancient burial-places. Who wonders1
that in his barbaric simplicity the Indian has
so persistently, though impotently resisted this,
to him, destructive march of the white man?
The wagon of the emigrant is to liim the pre-
cursor of eventual but certain banishment
from the home of his people, The sound of
the church bell tells him of the presence of a
stronger race, armed to his untutored concep-
tion with magic power, before which he is as
the dry grass of his native plains, swept by a
tornado of Are ; the scream of the locomotive
is the very presence of the enginery by which
his race is being swept from the face of the
earth. No wonder that he holds on with a
death-grasp to the grounds where he and his
fathers for many generations before him have
followed the chase and roamed at will.
On the other hand, who can say nay to that
advancing wave of civilization which is year by
year subduing the regions of the far West and
spreading all over that vast domain the arts
and sciences, wresting it from the hands of an
unproducing, revolting barbarism, and estab-
lishing there the humanizing influences of a
better life? How could we, if we would, curb
the aggressive spirit of emigration which was
landed from the Mayflower, and which in two
centuries has well nigh peopled an entire con-
tinent, subjecting to the dominion of law, and
curbing by the restraints of religion that which
before was barbarous, wild, and chaotic?
On the one hand, the country was held by a
race rude and unsusceptible of culture, and the
purpose of whose existence, whatever that may
have been, is substantially fulfilled, and who
are now passing away. On the other, the
pressing needs of a multiplying people demand
room for development. Civilization and Chris-
tianity demand that no barrier shall be thrown
in the way of the accomplishment of their mis-
sion of peace and humanity.
Herein lies the text of the controversy. The
Indian is fighting for existence and the white
man for the fulfillment of a destiny whose
bonds are as potent as the decrees of fate.
The duty_ of the hour is to temper the con-
flict consistently with th,e exalted maxims of
humanity by which we profess to be governed,
to render not unnecessarily painful the path-
way to the grave of an expiring race.
But above all things elsf that duty is first to
those who are bound to us by the ties of con-
sanguinity, of a common language, and a com-
mon religion. Our own race has claims upon
us which the dictates of humanity and the
instincts of self-preservation ever adjure us to
regard. The people who have carried the 'flag
of our nationality upon the Plains are our
brothers and friends. Many of them have sac-
rificed all but life in battle for the Republic,
and have gone upon these wild wastes to build
for themselves new homes, in the effort to
recover their former positions of comfort and
independence. They carry with them a tried
and unflagging loyalty to the country and its
institutions. They are ready now, as in the
past, to brave all and endure all for its per-
petuity and success. We have invited them upon
these lands by surveying them and opening them
to purchase. We have taken their money for
them, and thereby incurred the obligation of
protection in the peaceable enjoyment of their
purchase. They have in turn organized com-
munities and extended over themselves laws,
theparamount purpose of which, next to imme-
diate self-protection, is the maintenance of
allegiance to that Government for which they
have on so many sanguinary fields demon-
strated their fidelity and affection. Who will
say that they are not entitled to it, or that they
shall not have it?
We are engaged in building two great lines
of railroad across these Plains. The Govern-
ment has embarked many millions in these
enterprises. Their speedy construction is de-
manded not only by commercial considerations
of the very highest import, but for very grave
political reasons also. Sundered as important
sections of the country are by rugged and almost
impassable mountains and barren plains, no
time nor effort should be spared to secure the
more perfect connection and a more thorough
community of interest, political and commer-
cial, by the speedy completion of these lines
of rail.
Yet, in the face of a conquering army, and
despite the fabulous resources of the nation,
they are permitted to languish. A handful
of nomads has for months held them at bay.
The settlements along their routes, which at
one time bid fair to keep pace with the track-
layer, to become at once their support and
protection, have been stopped, and in some
instances obliterated. The pioneer, the avant-
coureur of civilization and self-goverpment, is
either turned back upon his westward march,
or, as is frequently the case, slain, and his
wife and children captured and reserved for a
fate worse than death.
An interdiction is laid upon the travel and
traffic of the Plains; the great United States
mails are stopped; the great interior States
and Territories of the Union are more effect-
ually cut off from the capital of the nation
than though the ocean rolled between. There
are vacant seats in these Halls which could
not be filled by reason of an intervening hos-
tile people, who are defying the power of the
Government, and in that far have succeeded
in obstructing its legislation.
Yet, when we ask for protection and redress,
we are met by the criticism that we have brought
this calamity upon ourselves, that the West
desires war that her farmers may find a market
for their surplus grain. When we point to
the mangled corpses of our friends, slain in
the vain effort to stop the course of empire, we
are met with the sneering cry of Grain !
Grain!" When we point to the record of
detenseless children murdered and women out-
raged and tomahawked to gratify the brutal
lust and revenge of a savage foe, we are taunted
with the response that we have too much
" Grain I'1 as though the venturesome pioneer,
who does well for the first few years if he
keeps the wolf from the door, were already
blessed with full stock-yards and plethoric
granaries, and as though the incoming tide of
immigration, sure to follow the maintenance
of peace, were not and had not always been
more than enough to consume the surplus food
of the country.
Yet, in one sense the criticism is true. The
country has brought this calamity upon itself
by the maintenance of a false and pernicious
Indian policy. We have committed the almost
unpardonable, absurdity of dignifying a few
roving bands of Ishmaelites as independentsov-
ereignties, when they were properly the wards
of the nation, subject in every respect to a
stronger po^ver and a higher intelligence, which
kn ew better than they what was for their good,
and should have treated them accordingly.
It is true, also, that the West wants war
when the peace and safety of life and property
on its frontier can only be secured by war, and
only then. That time is now. War we already
have whether we want or not. Gentlemen may
call it war or conflict or collision, or what-
ever other term may best please their fancy;
but to us, whose homes are threatened by the
scalping-knife and the torch, and whose friends
•are daily being butchered while in the pursuit
of their legitimate vocations, it is imr in all
its horrors.
That war will be continued until the savage
is made to feel in a most effective and whole-
some manner the restraining influence of the
power of the Government. His depredations
have so long been regarded with apparent in-
difference that he has come to look upon his
pastime as in a measure licensed, and laughs to
scorn the weakness of the-garrisons and the
contemptible numbers of the squads of sol-
diers with which the Government essays to stop
his plunderings and protect his victims.
He must bo made to know and to feel that
the Government has. the power to protect its
citizens, and will use that power. . He must
be convinced that we intend to construct the
two great highways of the Plains, and that
interruptions on his part will not be tolerated :
that they will carry civilization in their path,
and that unless he will accommodate himself
to the new and higher life which it gives he at
least will not be permitted to obstruct its march,
but must go beyond the radius of its influence,
where he can have lands and game and pro-
tection in all just rights and indulgence in all
privileges consistent with the good of our own
race.
Let him go without these lines. Give him
land and stock, instead of money and goods.
Encourage him in pastoral pursuits, and learn
him to assimilate himself in some degree, at
least, with the customs of civilization, and in
time to abandon his nomadic habits and become
self-sustaining.
By the adoption of some plan like this, and
only this, in my judgment, will permanent
peace with him ever be secured. It is idle to
talk about extermination; the humanity of
the age forbids us to entertain such a proposi-
tion. We need no more war than enough to
demonstrate to the Indian the power of the
Government to protect its citizens and compel
obedience to its mandates. Place him beyond
the lines of civilization, and without the course
of immigration, and the subsequent encourage-
ment which I suggest will secure his compara-
tive good behavior for all time to come.
Mr. GRIMES. If I understand the propo-
sition now under consideration, it proposes to
authorize the Secretary of War to raise four
thousand men, and confines the levy to certain
States and Territories. I move to amend the
amendment so as to authorize the Secretary
of War, under the direction of the President,
to call these troops from any portion of the
United States. I know no reason why, if the
Secretary of War is satisfied that he can raise
the troops upon more reasonable terms and
get equally good troops in the State of Indiana
or the State of New York, he should not be
permitted to do so. I therefore move that
amendment.
Mr. TIPTON. On that amendment I will
