1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
709
it for the present. I donot know that any one
can tell what may happen years to come ; but
for the present, for this year, I think hostilities
can be brought to a close by a commission of
intelligent gentlemen going out there aad hav-
ing the Indians consent to a removal; and even
•if the Government supported them in their new
homes, temporarily, for a time, it would be bet-
ter and cheaper in every way than to fight them.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is true.
Mr. POMEROY. But before I sit down
I must say that I do not think the difficulties
we are liable to get into will arise altogether
from the border. I want the Senator from
Maine to remember that there are two borders
to this country. There is an eastern border as
well as a western border; and we are as liable
to get into difficulty by advice and influence
from the eastern border as from the western.
I have had my attention called to the solu-
tion of this problem of dealing with the Indians
by men on the eastern border. The last time
I was in Bangor I went up to Old Town to see
bow a little tribe of Indians flourished under
the administration of my friends of the east-
ern border, and I confess that what I saw there
convinced me that the doctrine of absorption
had been pretty well applied there—not the
kind of absorption that the Senator from Ohio
advocated yesterday, incorporating them into
the body-politic, making them citizens and
voters, putting them into your schools, edu-
cating them with your children, letting them
come into your courts, and regarding them as
men. That is the absorption which the Senator
from Ohio advocated; but the other absorption
that has been practiced on the eastern border
has been absorbing all the Indian blood out of
them. There is not a pure-blooded Indian
among them. They are cooped up on little
reservations about seven by nine, with almost
no intercourse with the white people. They
are not improving under that culture. There
is a little colony of them in Massachusetts, and
a little remnant of Narragansetts -in Rhode
Island, and they, too, are being absorbed by the
Indian blood wasting away. In fact, there is
no real Indian blood among them; but it is
French and Irish, and everything else. So with
the Senecas and the Onondagas in New York.
They have got little reservations ; the lines of
the reservations are well defined, and the white
people do not trespass upon them. The lines
of their reservations are as well defined as the
lines of a white man's farm ; but what progress
do the Indians on those reservations make?
None at all. They are no further advanced
to-day than they were twenty years ago, in my
opinion. You are absorbing them, and the
absorption consists in changing them from
Indians to a sort of mongrel human beings, so
that if they were mere animals I should say
they were neither fish, flesh, nor fowl.
In this country the way to absorb a race is
to take them in and reckon them among man-
kind. The Senator from Maine yesterday
eloquently and beautifully showed to the Sen-
ate and to the country how, in the last six
years, we had taken a race, brought them up
to manhood and citizenship, and solved the
great problem of a war of races by giving them
the ballot, in that way making them learn to
love each other and respect each other. We
did not take the negro and put him away
on a reservation, and coop him up, and draw
a line around him, and stop intercourse with
him. That would not elevate him in a thou-
sand generations. We elevate him by making
a man of him. When men are counted as men
then you can assimilate them and make Ameri-
can citizens of them; and that is the great
reason why we have elevated a race. It is not
by excluding them from society; it is not by
driving them away when the march of civiliza-
tion overtakes them. The true way is to take
them in, to treat them as belonging to the great
human family. By that course we should have
long since demonstrated that they are of one
blood, of which all the nations of the earth are
made. The policy of isolating a race on this
American continent, where everybody should
be an American and an American citizen and
a voter, is the ruinous policy in this whole
Indian arrangement. Facts will repeat them-
selves, history- will repeat itself. You may put
them on little reservations in the West, and you
will only reenact what you have done in Maine,
Rhode Island, Ne# York, and every eastern
State ; you will keep a little race together until
they die out or become bleached out.. That is
not the solution of this question. That ig not
the way to solve the problem.
I repeat, without trying to defend my friend
from Ohio, that the policy of civilizing and
evangelising the Indians by making them citi-
zens, by associating them with White men, by
educating their children with our children, is
the solution of this question. If you lose half
of the first generation by it you will save the
second, and if the second is saved you save the
race.
But, sir, I will not prolong my remarks on
this amendment. I repeat if this commission
fails, if the object of this bill fails altogether,
Uhen I am for the proposition of my colleague;
but I propose to amend his amendment by
prefacing to it these words: "if said commis-
sioners fail to secure the consent of the Indians
to remove to the reservations, then."
Mr. HENDERSON. I suggest to the Sen-
ator that he add the words '1 or fail from any
cause to secure peace."
Mr. POMEROY. I accept those words as
a modification of my proposition.
• The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from Kansas [Mr. Ross] as amended.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The amendment just
adopted, as to the failure of the commission-
ers to induce these Indians to move to the res-
ervations, or to secure peace, seems to be in
the alternative. Now, I wish to know whether
it is intended to have these regiments raised
in case the commissioners fail to induce the
Indians to go to the reservations without their
also failing to make any other terms with the
Indians that shall be satisfactory. I do not
think we ought to raise these regiments unless
the commissioners fail in both instead of one
of the two. It may be that the Indians can be
composed without their being removed to these
reservations. They may be very unwilling to
go ; if I were an Indian I think I should be.
At the same time they may be willing to make
peace upon some other just terms. Now the
question is, whether this amendment is not in
such form that if the Secretary of War should
choose he could raise these regiments the
moment he found out that the Indians were
indisposed to go to the reservations without
waiting to try any other measures of compo-
sition.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think that
would be the effect of the amendment from
the language.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The language is such
that if the commissioners fail either to get
the Indians to go, or to make peace in some
other way, the failure of either one of the prop-
ositions or causes for raising troops author-
izes them to be raised. I think they ought to
fail on both points before we "go to this extent.
Mr. POMEROY. That is the object of
this amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But the amendment is
drawn in such language that it is susceptible
fairly only of the adverse construction.
Mr. JOHNSON. Let it be read again.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
That if said commissioners fail to secure the con-
sent of the Indians to remove to the reservations, or
fail from any cause to secure peace, &e.
Mr. POMEROY. Strike out :,or" and
in sert " and;" so as to read " and fail to secure
peace."
Mr. HOWE. Now, cither that does not
meet the point made by the Senator from Ver-
mont, or it does not meet the point that I mean
to make myself. " In order to prevent the
raising of these troops, as the amendment now
stands, these commissioners have got both to
make peace with them and to induce them to
go uown to these reservations.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, they have got to fail
to do both before the troops can be raised.
Mr. JOHNSON. If they fail in both, then,
and not before, troops can be raised.
Mr. HOWE. Very well; if that is the con-
struction I have nothing to say.
Mr. JOHNSON. It will not be a direction
to the Secretary of War or to the President to
raise troops. He may, upon the happening of
the contingency stated in the amendment,
receive the regiments or not, as he thinks
proper. He certainly would not do it if the
commissioners can secure peace upon any
terms,
Mr. ROSS. I feel that the adoption of this
amendment to my amendment has weakened
the force of my proposition very materially;
but as it is apparent to me that it cannot pa®
as originally introduced by myself, or in any
better form than that in which it now stands,
I suppose I must content myself with it as it is.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. HAEcLAN. I move to amend the bill
by striking out all after the word "that"
in the third line of the first Section to the
word "power" in the eighth line, and to insert
in lieu of the words stricken out:
And the President be and he is authorized to
appoint a commission to consist of three ofiieers of
the Army not below the rank of brigadier general,
who, together with N. G. Taylor, Commissioner of
Indian Aflairs, John B. Henderson, and William
Windom, chairmen of the Committees on Indian
Affairs of the Senate and House of Representatives,
shall have, &c.
My reason for this is twofold. A year or
two since General Sherman (the first name
standing on the list as reported by the commit-
tee) vvas requested to serve on a similar com-
mission, and he then declined doing so on the
ground that it was incompatible with his other
duties. I have no doubt that it would be a
very irksome duty alss for him to perform,
and would in all probaoility come in direct
conflict with the performance of his duties as
second officer in command of the Army of the
United States. There are other names here
of persons who I do not think are well ac-
quainted with our Indian affairs. They are able
generals, menofgreatintelligence, and men who
doubtless would discharge this duty to the best
of their ability ; and yet men who have occu-
pied a less prominent position in the public
eye, in all human probability, would make bet-
ter commissioners than some of these high
officers of fche Army to negotiate with Indians.
I therefore would prefer myself, and I think
it would conduce to the public interest, to leave
the appointment of the officers of the Army
who bhall be on this commission to the Presi-
dent of the United States, who will doubtless
consult with the Secretary of War and the
Secretary of the Interior in making the selec-
tions.
Then the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
and the chairmen of the Indian Committees
of the two Houses I think ought to be coupled
with the commission. Senators will remember
that a year or so since two or three members
of the Committee on Indian Affairs of the Sen-
ate, under a joint resolution of the Senate and
House of Representatives, did visit the Indian
country, and doubtless then prevented a long
and bloody and expensive Indian war. They
became personally acquainted with some of the
chiefs and head men of the hostile bands, and
induced them to believe that it was for their
interest to preserve peace with the United
States: and I have no doubt that the distin-
guished gentlemen who are now at the head
of these committees, together with the distin-
guished officer at the head of the Indian Bu-
reau, would be very important auxiliaries in
these negotiations, and be much more likely to
succeed on terms that would meet with the
approval of the Seuate and House of Repre-
sentatives than some of the Army officers who
