1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
711
ways laid out by act of Congress in 1864, and
$150,000 appropriated to the opening of them.
These commissioners must say to these Indians,
if they propose for them to go up there, " You
must keep off from these highways." Well,
these highways occupy all these valleys. Where
can you offer them a home in this district of
country? Besides, the Northern Pacific road
is authorized to go down to the forty-fifth par-
allel, and you have already granted to that
company alternate sections to the distance of
twenty miles to the south of that line.
Then, in reference to the southern bands of
Indians, the Cheyenne Indians, I am very
much afraid, though I do not speak with so
much certainty, that the district of country
within which the amendment to the third sec-
tion instructs those commissioners to secure a
possession for them is so limited that it will be
absolutely impossible. They are to keep out
of the Indian country; they are to keep out
of every country already appropriated by exist-
ing treaties to any other bands of Indians.
Where is there a tract of country, then, for
them ? It authorizes them to fix them upon
any portion of the Indian country to which we
have already acquired jurisdiction, and I do
not know that we have acquired jurisdiction to
any portion of that Indian country. The Sen-
ator from Iowa does know if that is the fact.
Mr. HARLAN. Yes, sir; under a treaty
with the Choctaws and Chickasaws the Gov-
ernment acquires the right to settle other In-
dians in what is called the leased district, con-
taining several million acres of excellent land.
They also acquire the entire control for that
purpose of the original reservation of the
Seminoles, and a large part of the Creek reser-
vation, and more than two thirds of the Cher-
okee lands, particularly including that part
extending westward into the plains.
Mr. HOWE. I was not aware of that. If
that is done there is ample territory to settle
ail these ten or thirteen thousand Indians, with
whom alone this bill as it now stands author-
izes these commissioners to negotiate.
Now, Mr. President, as a compromise, if
the Senate will not agree to these two amend-
ments, I have drawn one that I think ought
not to be objected to, and I will read it for the
purpose of information. This is a substitute
tor both the second and third sections:
That said commissioners arc required to examine
and select a district of country having sufficient area
to receive all the Indian tribes now occupying terri-
tory east of the Rocky mountains not now peacefully
residing on permanent reservations under treaty
stipulations, to which the Government has the right
of occupation, or to which said commissioners can
obtain the right of occupation, and in which district
there shall be sufficient tillable and grazing land to
enable the said tribes respectively—
Going on, then, in the language of the amend-
ment drawn by the Senator from Iowa. The
only difference between this amendment and
the amendments agreed to is that it refers the
subject to the commissioners, without restric-
tions, to get territory where they can get it and
get it rightly, territory sufficient for these hos-
tile tribes, subject to no supervision but that
of Congress, to be exercised after the negotia-
tion is concluded.
I wish, Mr. President, that this substitute
could be adopted. I do not see the slightest
propriety in expending $150,000 to send this
commission out there to make a treaty which I
do not believe can be made, and if it could be
made I do not believe that the Indians could
exist under it twelve months. The Senator
from Kansas [Mr. Pojieroy] said a short time
ago that this was a temporary expedient, that it
might last a year. It would be worth something
if it lasted a year; but, sir, is it worth while
for us to make a negotiation only for a year
when you can make one for years just as well?
Mr. President, these people are on our hands,
and must be {frovided for at some time and in
some way ; and why not address yourselves to
the work of making permanent provision for
them? Here is a formidable and influential
commission provided for. I agree with what
the Senator from Maine [Mr. Morrill] said
yesterday that extermination is not the work
blocked out for us. We are not commissioned
to any such enterprise. They are, what is left
of them, to be preserved and protected. Some-
where, then, they must have a foothold within
this domain of ours. Instruct this commis-
sion, the largest you ever organized, to find
that location where they may have a home, to
get posession of it, to purchase it if necessary,
to set it apart if we already own it, and to
induce the Indians to take up their residence
upon it.
Mr. President, while I am up I want to mate
one comment upon the remarks made jester-
day by my friend, the Senator from Maine. I
listened to his speech with a great deal of-inter-
est, as the Senate did, and it was so good, taken
altogether, that I would not indulge in a single
criticism but for one fact, of which I think the
Senator was not conscious at the time he was
speaking. The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sher-
man] had argued, as I thought with force and
completeness, that the true solution of this
Indian problem was in what he called the policy
of absorption. The Senator from Maine, reply-
ing to that with immense force, insisted that
that meant extermination. I should not inter-
fere with the prosecution of the Senator from
Maine against the Senator from Ohio but for
the simple fact that I happened to have in-
dorsed, as the published debate will show, the
bill which he drew, and if the Senator from
Maine maintains his suit against the drawer I
may find myself liable as indorser. £ Laugh-
ter. J I therefore beg leave to say that if the
'Senator insists that absorption and extermina-
tion mean the same thing he Uses a dictionary
different from what I use and from what I sup-
pose the Senator from Ohio used. According
to my understanding it means no such thing.
It means the salvation, the preservation of the
Indians, the absorption of them into the human
family as soon as they can be prepared for that
sort of absorption. If I understand the policy
of the Indian Committee, they are already look-
ing toward that very thing. There is, as I hap-
pen to know, one treaty before them which
recognizes that idea, and which proposes—I
suppose I may speak of it—to incorporate, to
absorb a portion, one half of one tribe into the
political system of the United States; in point of
fact, to make citizens of them, to settle up with
them as Indians, and to receive them into the
great bodj'of American citizens; and that thing
has been done before. It has been done once
in the history of this country with a whole tribe.
I agree thoroughly and fully with what the Sen-
ator says: that these Indians may be civilized.
I know they have been. There is one tribe of
them constituting to-day a portion of the popu-
lation of Wisconsin.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What tribe is
that?
Mr. HOWE. The BrothertonIndians. Twice
during the existence of our State government
persons who were members of the Brotherton
tribe have represented their district in the
Legislature of the State. I myself have held
court and had an Indian for the sheriff of the
county, and a good sheriff he was. too; so that
I believe they are capable of civilization. I
believe they are capable of becoming good citi-
zens. I know they are. It may take more
culture than is required for some other por-
tions of the human family, and it may take a
different culture; but they are capable of that
sort of culture; and what I meant by absorp-
tion was the giving them that sort of culture,
and then receiving them into our political
system. I never did look upon the policy of
extermination with any degree of complacency.
I do not believe there ie any considerable por-
tion of the xVmerican people that does contem-
plate any such fate or any such destiny as that
for the Indian race; and I thought it no more
than right that I should say so much in expla-
nation of what I meant by the policy of absorp-
tion when I indorsed it.
Now, Mr. President, I conclude by express-
ing the hope that the Senate will non-concur
in this amendment; indeed, I hope the Sen-
ator from Iowa and the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs will consent to take
the proposition which I have read as a fair
compromise between these two opinions.
Mr. HOWARD. I will not consume the
time of the Senate in discussing this bill; I
said yesterday as much perhaps as it is import-
ant for me to say on the subject; but I cannot
suffer the bill to pass without again expressing
my dissent from the proposition embraced in
the second section. The amendment offered
by my friend from Wisconsin is a great im-
provement upon it, and if it shall come to a
vote I shall support that amendment. But,
sir, I am opposed to the principle of attempt-
ing to gather these wild Indians of the Plains
together and settle them upon what are called
permanent homes; and especially ami opposed
to the project of huddling together some fifty
or sixty thousand wild Indians upon the north- '
ern border of Nebraska, occupying, as they
probably will if this bill shall take effect, at
least one half of the present Territory of
Dakota, and embracing the most valuable por-
tion of that Territory.
I think, sir, that instead of having a tendency
to secure peace between our people and the
Indians, this mere proposal, the simple passage
of this bill, will have the effect to alienate the
Indians still more from us. It will be saying
to them in very plain terms: " Our purpose is
to permit you no longer to pursue the buffalo,
the deer, and other game upon the wild prairies
of the West, nor to suffer you to fish in the
streams of those immense regions; .but it is to
collect you together, a dozen, fifteen, or per-
haps twenty different bands of wild Indians,
and confine you to a particular territory, and
to compel you, from the very necessity of the
case, to resort to the arts of agriculture for
your subsistence. We intend, in other words,
to compel you to become agriculturists. We
intend to compel you to submit to the arts of
civilization. We have seen, and still see, that
if you are suffered to rove your ancient nomadic
lives over this continent you will soon become
extinct. We therefore, in order to save you
from extinction, will compel you to resort to
agriculture to raise your bread and thus feed
and subsist yourselves. We will compel you to
become educated. We will compel you to be-
come voters. We intend to coerce you to give
up your old habits, your old customs, to aban-
don all your old traditions, your old ideas, as
old as the continent. We intend to compel you
to abandon all this, and to become citizens of
the United States, educated men, and Chris-
tians."
Now, sir. is this practicable? Is it in its
nature possible ? Will not the mere announce-
ment that such is our policy make them still
more unfriendly, more irreconcilable to m?
I fear it will; and I think the passage of this
bill will be but the signal for them to resort to
still severer measures against our settlers upon
the frontier. I think, in short, that instead
of this being an olive branch of peace sent to
these Indians, it will be but the signal for a
still more flagrant and destructive warfare
against us on their part. It will not be peace,
but it will be a sword.
Mr. GRIMES. What do you propose ? What
is your plan?
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator from Iowa
asks me what my plan is. My plan is a very
simple one: let us send among them commis-
sioners, ascertain what grounds of complaint
they really have against us or our authority,
look into the evils of which they complain, and
if it be possible for us to remedy those evils,
and especially if those evils have grown out
of our own legislation or the acts ot our own
functionaries, let us hasten to do the Indian
justice, frankly and fairly, and immediately
remove the grounds of complaint, whatever
they are. We do not know at present what
they are. We have not been informed, and I
do not know that there is any gentleman in
this Chamber who is able to give us full and
ample and sufficient information as to what
the real grounds of the complaint of the Indians
arc. But it will cost us nothing to send a com-
