1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
715
to say, now that I am up, that I have not the
honor of knowing General Pope, and I have
no fault to find with his general record. That
he is brave and gallant and patriotic I do not
question. I applaud him in that particular, as
would the honorable Senator from Illinois; but
on a great question of this kind neither Gen-
eral Pope nor any other general has a right
to use such language with impunity. Rights
higher than the individual rights of Major Gen-
eral Pope or any other major general are in
controversy here. It was with that view and
no other that I alluded to General Pope yes-
terday and criticised what he had said.
Mr: YATES. A single word, sir. The re-
marks of the honorable Senator as printed,
which I did not hear, seem to me very unchar-
itable in reference to General Pope. General
Pope never meant, as is evident from the
phraseology employed by him, to say that the
Government had acted in bad faith. He was
charging no crime, no offense upon the part
of the Government, no wrong upon the part
of the Government. He evidently never
meant any such thing. But he meant simply
to say that when the Government made these
treaties they would not be kept, from the
nature of the case, considering the parties
with whom he had to act, and judging from
the past history of the country. That was
General Pope's meaning. Sir, we have to
deal with these Indians in some way. We
have treated them as owners of the land,
which we never should have done; and we
have found that we can deal with them in no
satisfactory way.
All that General Pope meant to say was,
that any barrier we might attempt to throw up
against the advance of the white man would
be unavailing. He meant to say only what
every Senator has said, that we cannot stay
the wave of population; that you may promise
the Indians that the white man will not go
into their country, but the white man will go
there. It was very uncharitable, I think, on
the part of the Senator from Maine, thus to
arraign General Pope for making a prediction
which has proved to be true, and for stating
to the Government that war would result, and
that the consequences would follow which have
followed.
Mr. JOHNSON". Mr. President, it was not
my intention to have said a word on this bill or
upon any cognate subject; but I cannot forbear
protesting, whatever the protest may be worth,
against the idea that the United States are
• unable to fulfill their faith pledged by any treaty
with Indians or with civilized nations. I can-
not understand how it is possible that these
treaties should be violated with impunity unless
the United States are to be considered as a
party to such violation. I have no idea that
it has ever been the purpose of the Govern-
ment of the United States not to fulfill any of
their obligations. It is certain that so far these
treaties have been made and they have been
broken. I do not know in the history of these
tribes since they came under the quasi domin-
ion of the United States that they have ever
upon any occasion broken any of their treaties.
They have been broken by the whites, not act-
ing under the authority of the Government,
but they have been broken by the whites with-
out the interference of the Government, I mean
the practical and influential interference of the
Government.
It is idle, I think, and disparaging the power
of the Government to assert for a moment that
it is not in its power to enforce obedience upon
the part of its citizens to all these treaties.
What are we doing now? Here we have in
subjection, absolute subjection—not ail arm
raised against the power of the Government-
ten States with a white population of some
eifrht or nine millions; and the principal pur-
pose for which the friends of that policy avow
the propriety of adopting that policy is the
protection of three or four millions of the so-
called black race, and we arc doing it, and
doing it effectually with an army compara-
tively small, properly distributed. No black
man's rights are violated except in occasional
instances, such instances as occur in the other
States in the Union. And is it to be said that
we cannot protect three or four hundred thou-
sand Indians in their possessions of land which
God and nature gave them in the beginning of
their existence? Why is it that we cannot
protect them ? Are our people such marauders"
such rebels to the due authority of the Gov-
ernment, that they will not obey thq orders
of the Government and perform their duties
as good citizens to the Governthent? Ihat
I think is a libel upon our people, with due
deference to those who entertain a different
opinion.
There may be spirits upon the outer borders
of the United States which it would be diffi-
cult without force to restrain ; but the idea
that the power of a Government strong enough
to keep ten States in subjection, to hold in its
hand eight or nine million people consisting
of as gallant men as ever trod on the soil ot
any land, is not able to keep against violating
the treaties of the Government the few men,
unruly and reckless spirits, who without any
fault on the part of the mass of the people in
those borders from time to time are found
violating their duties to the United States and
trampling upon the rights of the Indians secured
by the pledged faith of the United States—the
idea is not to be entertained. No matter what
General Pope designed, and it certainly is far
from my purpose to call in question his gal-
lantry or his services during the war, I think
he has unintentionally or intentionally libeled
the Government or the people whom it is the
duty of the Government to restrain from the
perpetration of any wrongs upon any people,
be they black or be they copper-colored. _
Now, that we cannot find a place within the
broad limits of the United States within which
to place these three hundred thousand Indians
and there save them harmless against_ any
power, domestic or foreign, I do not believe.
I should regret to be forced to believe it,
because if forced into such a conviction I
should believe that it was a foul and damning
spot upon the reputation of the country.
The bill was read a third time, and passed.
On the motion of Mr. GRIMES, the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, July 18, 1867.
TheHouse met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyjjtox.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
RATIONAL ASYLUM FOR DISABLED SOLDIERS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
report of the board of managers of the National
Asylum for Disabled Volunteer Soldiers ; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. Mr.
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to make a
personal explanation.
There was no objection.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. Mr.
Speaker, I find in the Globe of yesterday cer-
tain remarks of thegentleman from Ohio, £Mr.
Van Trump,] representing the twelfth district,
purporting to have been made on the l^th
instant, but which, if I am correctly informed,
were not made in the House, but are published
and sent to the country under a permission to
print. I now ask the Clerk to read the para-
graph which I send to the desk.
The Clerk read as follows :'
"Sir. X will notice one other significant but false
recognition bv the Republican party of the fact that
the southern "States are still legitimate sovereignties
within the Union. In looking over the certificate ot
States ratifying the late amendments to the Consti-
tution of the United States, by the (secretary of btate,
with the broad seal of the Union attached, and to
which the honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Kkli.kyJ so much objects, 1 lind the name of a
so-calicd Statoof tho Union voting upon said amend-
ment, to which, I suppose, the honorable gentleman
will not object. I mean, sir, the so-called otatc ot
West Virginia. West Virginia, by act of Congress,
was attempted to be erected into a State in July, 18S2t
one of the most doubtful and desponding periods ot
the war. In order to impart to it the semblance of
constitutional existence the huge legislative menda-
city was resorted to of reciting that it was done with
the consent of the sovereign legislative authority oi
tbt State of Virginia. West Virginia, indeed t What
withering, irrepressible scorn muse any honest mmd
feel for the miserable, iwonsistent, and ridiculous
assumption which claims West Virginia to be a btate
constitutionally within the Union, and that Arkansas
is a mere waif upon the sea of national life, an unor-
ganized colonial dependency outside of the UnionI
West Virginia, sir J she has no constitutional home,
no righUul, legal abiding place in the great family
of States; she is a bastard Commonwealth, a mere
political foundling, without a drop of constitutional
blood in her veins; she is an illegitimate star in our
political constellation; she was conceived in the sin
and born in the iniquity of modern radical republic-
anism ; and the whole rightful constitutional theory
of our confederate system, the whole original frame-
work of our Government as designed by our lathers
is disturbed and dislocated by this horrid burlesque
of a State. And yet, sir, its erection, however revolu-
tionary and unconstitutional, when you look to the
animus and mode ot its accomplishment, as against
those who perpetrated the outrage, is a clear and
unequivocal recognition of the fact that Old Vlrgmia
was and is a State within the Union, unshorn of any
of its original sovereignty,"
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I ask tlie gentleman
to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. I will
yield to the gentleman when 1 get through
with my explanation.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. One moment.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. The
gentleman published his speech in the Globe,
a speech not delivered upon this floor, and I had
no opportunity to reply. I do not think under
the circumstances the gentleman deserves the
courtesy at my. hands.
Mr. Speaker, I now ask the Clerk to read a
second time that part of the paragraph which
I have marked with double lines; for I want
those words "seared as if with a hot iron"_on
the heart and memory of every loyal man in "W est
Virginia, that they may know the future that
awaits them if the party with which the gentle-
man from Ohio is associated obtains control of
this Government.
The Clerk read as follows:
"West Virginia, Sir 1 she has no constitutional
home, no rightful, legal abiding place m the great
family of States; she is a bastard Commonwealth, a
mere political foundling, without a drop of constitu-
tional blood in herveins; she is an illegitimate star in
our political constellation; she was conceived in the
sin and born in the iniquity of modern radical repub-
licanism; and the whole rightful constitutional
theory of our confederate system, the whole original
framework of our government as designed by our
fathers is disturbed and dislocated by this horrid
burlesque of a State."
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. I do
not propose to enter into a discussion of any
constitutional question connected with the
admission of the State. It is sufficient for me
to know that West Virginia has been admitted
as a State by the Congress of the United States",
that branch of the Government authorized by
the Constitution to admit now States, and I
presume the members of that Congress under-
stood their constitutional obligations fuliy as
well as the gentleman from Ohio. West Vir-
ginia has been acknowledged as a State by the
executive department of the Government in
all its branches. Her name has been entered
on the roll of States by the Supreme Court of
the United States, no justice on that bench,
so far as I know, dissenting therefrom. She
has fulfilled all her constitutional obligations
as a State since her admission. She furnished
her full quota of soldiers for the defense of the
Union—all volunteers, no drafted men among
them. Can the gentleman's district say as
much? She lias paid her share of the direct
tax, and stands as ready to-day to sustain a
preserved Union as she did to defend it in its
time of danger and peril.
Yes, sir, West Virginia has a home, a con-
stitutional'home, a legal abiding place in the
great family of States; she is a true Common-
wealth saved from insurrection and rebellion
by the best blood of freemen; an honored
star in our political constellation : born of
loyalty and dedicated to freedom she magni-
fies our national system of government and
proclaims to the coming future that loyalty is
the birthright of a State.
