1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ill
that definition into the law I hope the House
will pass the resolution proposed by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania; although I think, as
a rule, it is not well for this House or Congress
to interfere with the judgment of courts duly
constituted, against whom there can be no just
censure. I think the Court of Claims have
carried out the law in what they have done, and
the law I understand to be what my friend now
desires to reach.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I now yield to the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Pruyn.]
Mr. PRUYN. I am glad to hear the latter
portion of the remarks of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] because I can
fully accord with him and with the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] in paying
the highest tribute to what I believe to be the
integrity and ability of the judges of the Court
of Claims; and I think that we ought not lightly
to interfere with their judgments.'
I wish to inquire of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania whether the amount of the judg-
ments to which the resolution refers is to be
paid out of the Treasury as a matter of course,
or whether an appropriation by Congress is
needed for that purpose ? I suppose an appro-
priation to be needed.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The law as it now stands
requires the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
all judgments rendered by the Court of Claims
without further action of Congress. Repeated
efforts have been made by different members
of Congress to get some law passed requiring
an appropriation by Congress for the payment
of a judgment after its rendition by the court.
Those efforts have always failed. So far as
my vote, and sometimes my voice, would go,
they have been heretofore against any such
action, because I have had confidence, as I
still have, in the Court of Claims. But when
so large an amount of money is about to be
paid, with many more claims of a similar nature
still unacted on, I think that the matter should
be examined by Congress, that the propriety
of the payment may be considered by us. I
think that the Secretary of the Treasury should
not be allowed—indeed I presume he is not
inclined, unless compelled by law—to pay the
large amount involved in these cases, without
any examination of the matter by Congress.
Mr. PRUYN. Does the gentleman propose
an examination by a commission or a reference
of the subject to a committee?
Mr. SCOFIELD. Neither. This joint res-
olution simply proposes to relieve the Secretary
of the Treasury from paying these judgments
until Congress shall make an appropriation for
the purpose.
I now yield to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Dawes.]
Mr. DAWES. I wish to suggest to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] that
while I agree with him in this proposition it
does not meet the e\il. It is but superficial
legislation. While I have as much confidence
as he or any one else can have in the_ gentle-
men who compose the Court of Claims, one
of them being a gentleman from my own State,
whose integrity is above suspicion, yet, sir, let
any gentleman look at the organization and
constitution of that court, as well as to the
results of the litigation in that court, and he
will see at once that the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States is put at the mercy of the solicitor
of that court. Let me show why this is so.
We pass an appropriation bill setting apart
a certain amount of money to pay the judg-
ments of the Court of Claims. That money
can be used for no other purpose. It is liable
to be expended for paying these cotton claims
as well as others. Now, the Court of Claims
can try a case only as it is presented to the
court by the solicitor ; and although the gen-
tleman who occupies that office is a personal
friend of mine, in whose integrity I have all
confidence, yet I happen to know 
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I would
inquire of the gentleman who is, as he under-
stands, the present solicitor of the Court of
Claims ?
Mr. DAWES. I am speaking with reference
to Hon. Jesse 0. Norton.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. The gen-
tleman is mistaken in supposing that gentleman
to be the solicitor.
Mr. DAWES. It is to that gentleman I
refer, although I know nothing against any
other gentleman who may occupy the office.
Mr. WASHBURN, of "Wisconsin. The pres-
ent solicitor of the Court of Claims is Mr. Eli
Norton. If any gentleman here knows him it
is more than I do.
Mr. DAWES. Very well; then I was mis-
taken. But I wish to call the attention of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, while he has
this matter in hand, to the operation of things
in that court, as illustrated in my owp observa-
tion.
There has been a judgment of that court for
$58,000, rendered, I have no doubt, in all
integrity by the court, but which never would
have been rendered but for the failure (from
one cause or another, I know not what) of the
solicitor to bring to the attention of the court
matters that are spread upon the records of
this House as a part of the official documents
of Congress, and also spread upon the report
of a commission appointed by President Lin-
coln, consisting of Judge Holt and Mr.. Robert
Dale Owen. That judgment for $58,000 has
been rendered since we left here last March,
in consequence of the fact that the solicitor of
the Court of Claims (it may have been from
lack of knowledge; I do not mean to intimate
that there was the slightest lack of integrity on
his part) failed for some reason to bring to the
attention of the court certain facts, which, if
they had been presented, would have made it
utterly impossible for the court in its integrity
to render such a judgment.
That is only one case. Now, sir, on the
integrity and ability of the solicitor of the
Court of Claims rests the question whether
millions are not taken oat of the Treasury of
the United States past the inquiry of the
House of Representatives, or indeed either
branch of Congress. Such has been the case
in reference to these cotton claims as to at-
tract the attention of my friend from Penn-
sylvania, and in the last Congress such was
his strong influence against the movement as
to put some guard over the Court of Claims
and secure some protection to the Treasury of
the United States against the mistakes in that
court of a grievous character like those which
have come to his knowledge and mine. I beg
my friend, while he has the matter in his hands,
to see whether he cannot bring that Court of
Claims within the pale of legislative inquiry,
touching the judgments they may render by
mistake, for I have not the slightest disposi-
tion to lay anything beyond mistake to their
charge. They are not more above errors than
any other tribunal. Let us by some means
suggested by my friend from Pennsylvania,
some method of review of their judgments,
save the Treasury of the United States and
not have it depleted by lack of knowledge or
integrity in the officer appointed to present
the facts to the Court of Claims on which
they are to pass their judgments, their judg-
ments being final upon the Treasury of the
LTnited States.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I do not understand my
friend from Massachusetts to oppose the adop-
tion of my resolution.
Mr. DAWES. Not a bit.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I have always opposed
all general legislation, as I have stated before,
but now when a case has come up where I see
we ought to have general legislation, I shall
hereafter change my action, and if the gentle-
man from Massachusetts or some one else will
introduce a resolution I will support it. I
have introduced this to meet the present emer-
gency. There is a doubt whether these cotton
cases can be appealed to the Supreme Court,
although an effort will be made to appeal them
to the Supreme Court of the United States. If
I am correctly informed there is a doubt that
all these claims "will bo paid before Congress
assembles again, and therefore it is this ought
to pass immediately. I yield to the gentle-
mail from New York.
Mr. PRUYN. I should like to know from
the gentleman from Pennsylvania whether the
Secretary of the Treasury doubts the legality
and propriety of this claim; whether there
is any charge against the fairness of these
claims? I ask whether we ought to act here
in opposition unless there is some doubt.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I have had no consulta-
tion with the Secretary of the Treasury, and
all I know about his doubts and feelings is
from his order. Therefore I cannot speak with
any authority. I have understood that the
Secretary of the Treasury was unwilling to
pay these claims as they stood unless forced to
do so. I yield now to the gentleman from
Illinois.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I know nothing about
this matter except what I have seen in the
papers. I notice by the morning papers that
the Secretary of the Treasury has presented
the matter to the President and Cabinet to
seek advice whether he shall pay this judgment
or abide an appeal to the Supreme Court of
the United States. I hope the House will not
adopt a resolution which will in any way have
the effect to prevent the Secretary from appeal-
ing these cases to the Supreme Court of the
United States.
One word more while I am up. I hope we
are not going to pay the speculators and cotton
kings for cotton captured by our own Army in
the rebel States, while we strenuously and per-
sistently refuse to pay the poor widow for the
loss of her cow and her mule because she
lived in the rebel States. It seems to me Con-
gress should either pay the poor people who
lost all they had or else shut down the gate
and refuse to pay speculators and rebel cotton
men for the cotton we have captured from the
rebels. I am not opposed to the resolution
provided it will not prevent the appeal of these
cases. I rise more for the purpose of saying
that than anything else. I do not wish that
the Secretary of the Treasury shall lie down
on a single resolution of Congress and not
appeal these cases to the Supreme Court where
the decision of the Court of Claims may be
reviewed.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me a moment.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Certainly.
Mr. KELLEY. Although my acquaintance
with the Secretary of the Treasury is not of
an intimate character, I am able in part to
answer the gentleman from New York. I
happened to be at the Treasury Department
within a week when the question passing be-
tween the Secretary of the Treasury and his
subordinates led to an incidental remark which
impressed me with the conviction that an .
immense amount of wrong is being done to
the country, and that there is an indication of
combination in behalf of the most inveterate
blockade-runners, those who were powerful on
both sides of the military line, powerful in re-
sources, sending cotton to England to be sold
and remitting funds to the confederate govern-
ment ; and he believes that the agencies are now
on foot to induce or compel this Government
by processes like this to pay to these most
insidious and powerful enemies of this Govern-
ment for the balance of cotton found in their
hands when the army surrendered. I do hope,
whether this resolution be the wisest that can
be framed or not—it certainly is a good step
for the present—that some check will be put
upon any payment out of the Treasury to rebels
for cotton found in their possession at the close
of the war.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I yield to my colleague.
Mr. COVODE. Mr. Speaker. I am very
thankful that this matter has been brought to
the attention of Congress. In connection with
what my colleague has said I will state a case
that came to my knowledge which will go to
show that that there are large fraudulent claims
made upon the Treasury.
While in New Orleans two years ago I was
