718
THE OOJSTGrEESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18,
informed of a certain lot of cotton, thirty-five
hundred bales, which was surrendered by the
Treasury Department in Mobile by Mr. Itex-
ter, through his sub-agent, to a rebel by the
name of Violet. It was shipped to New Or-
leans. A thousand bales came into New
Orleans one evening on the Cherokee. I went
to General Canby, then in command in Louisi-
ana, and asked him to take possession of this
cotton, giving liim the information I had.
General Canby said he knew it belonged to the
Government; that he had captured about two
hundred thousand bales in Alabama, and un-
der orders had delivered it over to the Treas-
ury Department. At that time the agent of
the Treasury Department, Mr. Dexter, was
surrendering cotton on fraudulent claims, and
General Canby told me that having got clear
of it himself he did not want to touch it, but
advised me to see to it. I went and got the
United States marshal to take possession of
this cotton. He required a bond to the amount
of $100,000 before he could do it,, and I got a
gentleman in New Orleans to furnish the bond
on my responsibility. He then went and seized
the cotton.
Mr. Dexter came from Mobile to plead the
cause of the man to whom he had surrendered
the cotton. After making liis statement, I told
him he might go home, and I would hold on
to the cotton. I telegraphed to the Treasury
Department to send down a man whom X
named, Major McQuaide, to take possession
of the cotton and ship it to New York. I got
General Canby to give me a military guard for
the purpose of holding it there. I came home
and went to the Secretary of the Treasury and
explained the case fully to him, as I also did
to the President. I told him there was a hun-
dred thousand bales of cotton in the South
which wore being used in this corrupt way.
The Secretary of the Treasury said he knew
it, that the Treasury agents became scoundrels
there, even if thoy were honest when he sent
them down. lie then sent down one Melleti,
who, after being well fed and treated, came
back and reported that the matter was all right.
The President afterward pardoned Mr. Yiolet,
and with the pardon came the restoration of
the property. He was thus put in possession
of property which he never owned, property
belonging to the Government. And this man
Violet has now a claim, as I understand, in the
hands of an attorney in this city to be prose-
cuted against the Government for three thou-
sand five hundred bales of cotton, amounting
to, 1 ihink, over five hundred thousand dollars,
not one bale of which belonged to him. The
Treasury agent, Dexter, I will state by the way,
was afterward arrested and imprisoned, and
his case was so bad that the Government would
not let him out on bail.
Sir, it is time to put a stop to the payment
" of these claims. I am satisfied that parties
have been buying these claims against the
Treasury Department. I have told the Assist-
ant Secretary of the Treasury so and ho ad-
mitted it. 1 know of about eighteen million
dollars worth of the Draper cotton claims in
the hands of agents here, and those claims
Ought to be shut down upon so that they shall
not he paid until Congress examines them. I
am opposed to allowing either the courts or the
Treasury Department from passing upon these
claims, as they will amount to scores of mil-
lions. I believe Congress should examine them
before they are allowed.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I now demand the pre-
vious question. •>
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COMMITTEE ON SOUTHERN RAILROADS.
Mr. McCLURG. I ask leave to offer the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Southern Rail-
roads be ordered to proceed m their investigations
by sub-committees.
Mr. BROOKS. I wish the gentleman to
explain the object of this resolution.
Mr. McCLURG. Two of the members of
the Committee on Southern Railroads also
belong to the Committee of Elections. Under
the order of the House it is necessary for the
Committee of Elections to take testimony in
Kentucky during the coming vacation. The
Committee on Southern Railroads have also
been, by a resolution passed by the House,
required to inquire into the expediency of re-
porting a bill declaring certain lands forfeited
to the Government which were_ ceded to five
States that were in the rebellion, Alabama,
Florida, Mississippi, Louisiana, and Arkansas.
That resolution may cause a necessity for an
investigation in various States, and if we are
not permitted to investigate by sub-committees
it may be impossible for us to discharge the
duty imposed upon us by that resolution.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not know that I object
to the resolution, but I wish to state that the
practice of creating special committees and
sub-committees, with reporters and clerks, is
objectionable, and I think the House should put
a check upon it; yet it is not for me to inter-
pose an objection.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Have not the
committee this power without an order of the
House ?
The SPEAKER. They have not. A quo-
rum of the committee must ordinarily be pres-
ent, and of course it increases the expense to
have the whole committee go to distant por-
tions of the country when a sub-committee
can act.
The resolution was agreed to.
COMMITTEE ON POLITICAL ETHNOLOGY.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I yield
now to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Broomall.]
Mr. BROOMALL. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to offer the following
resolution for reference to the Committee on
the Rules :
Revolved, That the Speaker bo authorized to ap-
point a standing committee, to consist of thirteen
members and to be eallcd the Committee on Ethnol-
ogy, whose duty it shall be to take cognizance of all
matters relating to the origin of and differences
among theseveral races of America, and particularly
to inquire whether these three great races of the
country, the vphites, the negroes, and the Democrats,
are specifically different and descended from so many
distinct original creations; and if so, whether that
fact makes any difference in their respective rights
and dutios.
Several members objected.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN NORTHERN OHIO.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I yield now
to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Ashley.]
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I ask leave to in-
troduce the bill in relation to the district court
of the United States for the northern district
of Ohio, to which the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. ScofieldJ objected yesterday.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania now with-
draws his objection, as I understand. I ask
that the bill be read.
The bill was read. It provides that the alter-
nate sessions of the district court of the United
States for the northern district of Ohio shall
be held annually, one session in the city of
Cleveland on the second Tuesday of July, and
one in Toledo on the second Tuesday in No-
vember( under such rules and regulations as
the district judge for said district may pre-
scribe ; and it authorizes the holding of ad-
journed courts when the business before the
court shall in the opinion of the court require it.
The bill was received, and read a first and
second time.
_Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I wish to say that
this bill has been submitted to the chairman
of the Judiciary Committee, who approves it,
and that the delegation from my State are
unanimous in its favor.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CLAI3I OF SIMON STEVENS.
Mr. HOLMAN, by unanimous consent,
offered the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Whereas the House on the 30th day of April, 1862, i
adopted the following resolution, namely:
"Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to adjust theGlaim against the Government
for the fivethousand Hall carbines purchased through
Simon Stevens, esq., by General John C. FrSmont,
on the 6th day of August, 1861, and afterward deliv-
ered at the United States arsenal at the city of St._
Louis, on the basis of a sale of said arms to the Gov-
ernment for $12 50 each, rejecting all other demands
against the Government on account of tho purohaso
of said arms." n
And whereas by a recent judgment of the Court
of Claims the said Simon Stevens has recovered
against the United States tho sum of $58,000 on
account of said arms, being, with the sum heretofore
paid on said purchase, at the rate of twenty-two
dollars for each of said arms, the said arms having
been sold on the 6th day of June, 1861, by the order
of the Secretary of War as condemned arms, at $3 50
£ctch * Therefor©
Mesohed, That the Judiciary Committee bo in-
structed to inquire into the circumstances under
whichsaidjudgments was recovered, and whether the
judgments of said courtshould be subject to any other
method of review than that now authorized by law,
with authority to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that
the committee had examined and' found truly
enrolled a joint resolution (H. R. No. 69)
authorizing the Secretary of the Navy to admit
to examination Morris Rice Evans for admis-
sion to the Naval Academy in September next.
EXAMINATION OF BOUNTY CLAIMS.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I ask unani-
mous consent to submit the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That a committee of three he appointed
by the Speaker to confer with the Paymaster General
and the Second Auditor of theTreasury as to the pro-
priety of transferring all claims arising under the
bounty bill of last July from the Paymaster General's
office to that of the Second Auditor, and thereby
facilitating the payment of said claims, with leave
to report at any time by bill or otherwiso.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
reception of the resolution?
There was no objection.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I wish
merely to state that under the rules and regu-
lations prescribed by the bounty act all claims
for bounty are first sent to the Paymaster Gen-
eral and then referred to the Second Auditor.
All the labor required in the examination of
these claims is now performed in the Second
Auditor's office, after which the cases are re-
ported to the Paymaster General, who simply
issues his check for the amount reported to be
due. Thus the reference of the claims in the
first instance to the Paymaster General oper-
ates simply to prevent the settlement- of those
claims at as early a period as would otherwise
be possible. I believe that a conference by a
committee of this House with these officers
will result in suggesting a system which will
obviate the complaints now made by the sol-
diers that they cannot get their bounty.
I now demand the previous question.
Mr. PAINE. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for a moment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. Certainly.
Mr. PAINE. I shall vote for this resolution,
unless by doing so I shall be regarded as com-
jmitting myself to the idea that, Dy making the
transfer proposed, the payment of these boun-
ties will be expedited. I have carefully looked
