1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
719
into this matter, and I am by no means satis-
fied that such will be the result. Hence I am
unwilling to pledge myself indirectly, as I shall
do by voting for this resolution, to the idea
that this transfer will expedite the payment of
bounties.
The fact is that the Second Auditor, who is,
I am sure, very anxious to pay these bounties
as rapidly as possible, who is devoted to the
interests of the soldiers in this matter, informs
me that he is only able to prepare the state-
ments in five hundred cases each day. It will
be seen at a glance that at this rate the pay-
ment of these bounties cannot be accomplished
with such promptitude as to satisfy the soldiers
of the country or the members of this House.
The Second Auditor further informs me that
the number of clerks now at work in that De-
partment upon the rolla is as great as can be
employed in his office upon those rolls.
Now, it seems to be almost impossible to
expedite this matter by a simple transfer of
duties from one office to another. These clerks
cannot prepare more than five hundred cases
in one day, whether the duties are discharged
in the office of the Second Auditor or the
papers are transferred to the pay department
for final disposition. T hope the gentleman
will strike out that latter clause.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I accept
the gentleman's modification of my resolution.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman will
add to his resolution a further inquiry as to
how far the use of muster-rolls of the Army in
the Adjutant General's Department can be
made available in facilitating the adjustment
of said bounty.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. _ I agree to
that as a modification of my resolution, and now
demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution
was adopted ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MAIL SERVICE TO JAPAN AND CHINA.
Mr. FERRY. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce a joint resolu-
tion authorizing a modification and extension
of the mail steamship service between the Uni-
ted States and China and Japan.
There was no objection, and the joint reso-
lution was read a first and second lime.
Mr. FERRY. Mr. Speaker, if the House
will indulge me a moment, I will state the
necessity for this proposed legislation. We
have now a monthly mail steamship service
between San Francisco and Hong Kong, in
China, via Yokohama, in Japan, with a branch
service from Yokohama to Shanghae. The
port of Osaka, the chief port of Japan, is to
be opened to foreign trade on the 1st of Jan-
uary next, and this joint resolution will em-
power the Postmaster General to change the
port of call from Yokohama to Osaka. Steam-
ers bearing our flag are plying from Shanghae
to and from the ports on the coast of China as
far as Hong Kong, and the interests of the
Government demand that postal should keep
pace with our commercial interests. It will be
observed that the resolution involves no addi-
tional expense to the Government. It simply
authorizes the Postmaster General, in his dis-
cretion, to modify the line of route and prac-
tically multiply the termini of the western end
of that branch of our Pacific mail steamship
service. There can be no reasonable objection
to the proposition, manifestly protecting and
developing so important a part of our foreign
postal relations, and I hope the resolution will
at once be passed.
Mr. BROOKS. It seems to me that we
ought to know whether this is to be done
without expense to the steamship company. I
do not think that the company will run any
additional lines in Japan or China without an
increase of pay.
Mr. FERRY. If the gentleman from New
York had observed the phraseology of the
resolution he would have discovered that it
does not propose to increase the expense to
the company at all. It merely permits the
Postmaster General to change the port of call
from Yokohama to Osaka when the latter port
shall be thrown open to trade; and also to
extend the mail service to the various ports
along the coast of China, to and from which
steamers under our flag now run. The routes
under contract to the Pacific Steamship Com-
pany are in no wise essentially changed by the
proposed modification, nor does it in any way
increase the trips of this line of steamers, as
will be seen by the language of the joint res-
olution.
Mr. BROOKS. Is it a joint resolution?
The SPEAKER. It can only be effected
by a joint resolution.
Mr. BROOKS. It does cot change the
existing contract?
Mr. FERRY. It does not materially.
Mr. BROOKS. -The existing law requires
them to run from Yokohama to Shanghae.
Mr. FERRY. So I understand it. The
only change in that respect is to make Osaka
instead of Yokohama the port of call at Japan,
which will not in any manner prejudice the
terms of the existing contract. I would also state
in this connection that application has already
been made to the Government by those more
immediately interested to cause this change to
be made. Furthermore, the object of the res-
olution is to allow our mails to be carried from
Shanghae to Hong Kong and the intermediate
ports along the coast where steamers now run,
and where there is now no authority of law to
allow such service so essential to the neces-
sities of the country.
Mr. BROOKS. We have a contract with
that company, and I should like to know
whether they are willing to make the change?
Mr. FERRY. I have already stated that it
does not interfere with the contract with the
company. And I may add that a moment's
reflection will impress the House and the
country with the vast importance of facilitating
and rendering more efficient and useful that
rapidly developing department of our foreign
mail service.
The joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time: and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. FERRY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TAX ON COTTON.
Mr. ROBINSON. I ask unanimous con-
sent to ofter the following preamble and reso-
lution :
Whereas the great staple product of the southern
States, cotton, is the only article of importance of
regular export from the United States forming the
great basis of exchange for the vast imports; and
whereas the successful culture of cotton in those
States involves the deepest interests of all sections
of this nation; and whereas from the development
to perfect success of the production of cotton in many
foreign lands the price in the markets of the world
is no longer controlled by the American crop, and
hence is already at a low figure, with every prospect
of still further reduction; and whereas it is clearly
apparent that with tile increased cost of the growth
of cotton ill this country under the new system of
free labor it is impossible to profitably produce it
subject to the present oppressive internal revenue
tax of two and one half cents per pound, and since
there is actual danger of tho very general suspension
of its cultivation after the present year: Therefore,
liesolved, <£•<•„ That so much of the acts of Congress
known as theintcrnalrevenuolawsasfinally amended
and approved March 2,1867, as creates and provides
for the assessment and collection of any tax on raw
cotton be, and the same is hereby, lepealed.
Mr. ALLISON and Mr. BENJAMIN ob-
jected.
Mr. ROBINSON. I move to suspend the
rules. I want to repeal the tax on cotton as
the best thing we can do for the reconstruction
of the South and the best thing we can do for
our colored friends.
The SPEAKER. It is not before the
House.
Mr. ROBINSON. The party on the other
side rule out all such things, and we have to
submit.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not un-
derstand the last remark. He will explain the
rule.
Mr. ROBINSON. I have made no reflec-
tion on the Chair.
The SPEAKER. All business thus far to-
day has been done by unanimous consent. No
motion can be made to suspend the rules while
another is pending.
Mr. ROBINSON. What I said was that the
gentlemen on the opposite side are objecting
to such useful legislation here, and we on this
side cannot help it.
CANDIA.
Mr. BROMWELL, by unanimous consent,
offered the following preamble and resolution;
which were read, considered, and agreed to :
Whereas fho people of the United States cannot
look with indifference upon the struggles of any
oppressed people con tending for human rights against
absolute power ; and whereas the moral iorce ot this
Republic should in all eases be wielded for the en-
couragement and support of those in all parts of tha
world who strive for the security of human liberty,
so far as their efforts may appear to be honorable, and
just: Therefore,
Reeolccd, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs
be instructed to inquire into and report to this House
what action of this Crovernment will best manifest
the sympathy of our people for the heroie people of
Candia and other communities subject to the Turkish
empire, now engaged in a sanguinary conflict with
the Ottoman Government, and in what way, consist-
ent with our duties as a neutral and friendly Power,
the good offices of this Government may bemostsue-
cpssfully interposed to secure for said people of Candia
the blessings of peace and an amelioration of their
political condition.
CIRCUIT COURT IN PENNSYLVANIA.
Mr. SCOFIELD*. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a bill directing the circuit court
of the United States to be held at the city of
Erie, in the State of Pennsylvania. It is a
matter of interest to the people of western
Pennsylvania. It is a question whether the cir-
cuit judge can sit at Erie with the district
judge, and it is important that some business
should be done.
The bill was read.
'Mr. JENCKES. I object.
ASSASSINATION COMMITTEE.
Mr. BUTLER. I ask unauimous consent
to offer the following resolution;
Resolved, That the committee for the investigation
of the assassination of the President be, and is, author-
ized to conduct the investigation by such sub-com-
mittees as the committee may appoint, and at such
places as may be convenient.
Mr. BBOOKS. I object.
REVENUE FRAUDS.
Mr. BARNES- I ask unanimous consent of .
the House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed to furnish this House with
the amount of money received in the different col-
lection districts in the United States from the manu-
facture of distilled spirits for the several fiscal years
since 1862, and for the separate quarters of the last
fiscal year so far as received, together with the tax
per gallon levied upon said article during paid
periods: and also a statement, so far as the returns
will admit, of the expenditure on the part of the
Government for prosecuting offenders against the law
formanufacturing, storing, transporting, buying, and
selling said articles. Also the number of gallons of
said article seized by the agents of the Government,
and the amount of money received for said confis-
cated spirits, and for lines imposed upon parties for
violating the laws in said particulars.
Mr. SCHENCK. I want to understand the
resolution before I object. Does it propose
that the Secretary shall furnish this amount 01
money to the House, because it would be more
than the mileage would come to ? [Laughter. ]
Mr. BUTLER. I object to the resolution.
CONTROL OF INDIAN AFFAIRS.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now insist on my motion
to suspend the rules to enable me to introduce
a bill to restore the Bureau for Indian. Affairs
to the War Department,
The question was put; and (two thirds voting
in favor thereof) the rules were suspended.
