1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
723
went. Whether the Government itself received
the money, or whether it went to private and
illegitimate account I do not pretend to know,
but i do know the facts I have stated-, and I
undertake to say that most of the gentlemen
residing in commercial districts are aware of
the fact that this is but an example of the man-
ner in which the revenues of the country are
frittered away that should be derived from this
most important article.
I believe there has been manufactured in the
United States within the last year two hundred
million gallons of spirits, while I believe the
natural demand for consumption was little
more than one hundred million gallons. The
inducement to an excess of manufacture is
fouud in the want of enforcement of the rev-
enue law. It makes no difference what kind
of restriction Congress may put on the busi-
ness the law will be violated. As the law now
stands it offers especial inducements to evade it.
I see at this time, so near the close of this
session, no more beneficial way on the part of
the Government than to allow the commission
as it now exists the privilege of exercising the
jurisdiction it has been allowed to assume
under the direction of the Secretary of the
Treasury and Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue.
One word more. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, who objected to the resolution of
inquiry which I this morning offered, has with-
drawn his objection, and I desire to have the
resolution again reported to the House and
passed.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection
the resolution of the gentleman from New York
will be considered as adopted. The Chair
hears none, and it is adopted.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to with-
draw my motion.
Mr. SCHENCK. I yield to the gentleman
from New York.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I differ with the gentle-
man from O.hio as to the effect of the action
of the Secretary of the Treasury. It would
seem that the creation of this board was merely
as an advisory one, and it certainly will go forth
to the country as a strange spectacle that iu the
American Congress there should be any objec-
tion urged to any measure leading to the cor-
rection of the revenue laws, or rather to pre-
vent the damage which is done to the country
by the violation of the law.
Now, it is a well-known fact that millions
upon millions of dollars are taken from this
Government by those who are defrauding it,
by not paying the tax on whisky and tobacco.
The newspapers have been full of charges
against the Secretary of the Treasury, and of
inquiries why he has not done something to
correct these abuses. He has sought to do
something in the way of correction by calling
together public officers, sworn officers of the
law, three or four district attorneys, whose
duty it is to examine such cases, to report upon
them and to recommend when seizures should
be made. With this board is connected a deputy
commissioner, who has power to make seizures,
as was before done by the collector and assessor
of each district. Heretofore these assessors
and collectors could seize and could release as
they chose. No power isTaketi from them by
this action of the Secretary. Everybody in New
York city knew that there were scores of distil-
leries costing from twenty-five to two hundred
and fifty thousand dollars, and employing from
five to twenty-five men each, making reports to
the assessors and collectors of from one to three
barrels of liquor distilled per month. Every
one knew that it was a fraud except the collec-
tors and assessors. Something must be done.
The Secretary said to these men, the deputy
commissioner of internal revenue and the
three district attorneys, " With your consent I
will call upon you to act as a board to see to
the execution oi' this law.'' Whstt powers were
they clothed with? Not to make seizures, but
to advise when seizures should be made. _ The
collectors in these districts are not relieved
from their duty.*
Another thing: under the law as it now
stands liquors placed in bond may be taken
out for distillation and for other purposes upon
bonds. Now, it is well known that hundreds
of thousands of worthless bonds are lying in
the offices of the district attorneys and revenue
offices in New York city. Six hundred thou-
sand dollars of such bonds were taken in one
office in the State of New YTSrk in six months.
The sureties on the bonds were not known, and
the records did not show where the liquors had
gone at. all. In another collector's office there
were $60,000 of these bonds, and in another
$80,000. Now, no man would suffer §60,000
of his own property to rest upon security about
which he knows nothing.
Sir, these frauds upon the revenue are com-
mitted, not so much by illicit distillation—that
is a mere bagatelle—as by the open and legal-
ized distillers, who return not a tenth part of
the liquor distilled, and that known to the offi-
cers of the Government, whose duty it is to
protect the Government but who are particcps
criminis in these frauds.
I hope the House will stand by the Secretary
of the Treasury in this matter for the purpose
of saving the Government and gathering into
the Treasury that which properly belongs there.
I therefore move to lay the whole subject on
the table.
Mr. SCHENCK. That motion cannot be
made now, as I certainly did not yield to the
gentleman for that purpose.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Then I will make the
motion at the proper time.
Mr. SCHENCK. I must be permitted to
say with all due deference, that gentlemen
have not talked exactly about the case before
us. There is a great talk about advisory power,
but there is a gt;eat deal more than advisory
power exercised here. From the papers con-
nected with this matter, I find this board sit-
ting as a board resolving what seizures shall
be made, how it shall be done, and under what
circumstances.
Now, my objection is this: every collector
and assessor has to give a bond, and you pro-
pose to put this whole matter into the hands
of men who have given no bonds at all, and
3'ou prefer to substitute for the judgment of
assessors and collectors and other revenue
officers the decisions of this board, who are
not under bonds, when seizures shall be made
and when not made, and how the revenue
shall be collected and how not. If the gen-
tleman will look at the papers he will find the
exercise of a good deal more than advisory
power. How does the system work prac-
tically? Here is a collector who is charged by
your laws with the performance of certain
duties. He is a rascal not to be trusted. Here
is another of the same sort, and another who
has obtained his office because he swung round
the circle and showed his devotion to bread
and butter as a wholesome article of diet.
Instead of turning out such men, instead of
putting in these positions pure and honest men.
the Secretary keeps in office his brood of ras-
cals. and then selects a board to supervise and
watch them, that board not being provided for
by law nor responsible under any bond for
that which they decide to do.
How does the system work practically ? One
of these men, suspected of rascality or strictly
honest, no matter which, is by law authorized
to perform certain duties. Associated with
him as members of a board are tl ree or four
other officers who have by law no such right to
exercise specific duties. The members of this
board vote upon a subject, and the three who
do not possess power under the law vote down
the one who by law is endowed with power.
And then they act, not as a board, but in his
name. Why, sir, if I am not misinformed, the
deputy commissioner himself has been more
or less disgusted with the course pursued by
this board.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Van
WyckJ says that no one except those who sym-
pathize with these robberies will make objec-
tion to this board. With due deference to the
gentleman, let me say that I sympathize as little
with these rascalities as any New Yorker upon
the face of the earth.
Mr. VAN WYCK. The gentleman misun-
derstood me. I said that I thought no one out-
side of Congress would object to this board,
except such men as I spoke of.
Mr. SCHENCK. Well, sir, I have received
my information from men as honest as the gen-
tleman from New York or myself or anybody
else. Whether they be right or wrong, they
give me facts. I could detail some of these,
lake, fpr instance, one illustration of the work-
ings of this system. I am informed—perhaps
the gentleman knows whether the statement is
true or not—that already one of these favored
district attorneys has succeeded in getting a
brother, a brother-in-law, and a nephew ap-
pointed as subordinates to this board to assist
in carrying on this business. It is said that
one of these three relatives, having been ex-
tremely poor, has within a few weeks become
a man of considerable means. I do not vouch
for this statement, but this is the information
given to me, with names and facts, by good
men, men in no way connected with these
whisky frauds.
What is the proposition which I submit to
the House? Simply to print this communica-
tion and refer it to the Committee of Ways
and Means. In voting for this motion, it will
be my expectation that the committee will
look into the subject and report at as early a
day as possible whether the law needs amend-
ment so as to provide for the establishment of
boards of this kind. And I call the attention
of the House to the fact that the very disclos-
ures made by gentlemen in their arguments
upon this matter show that there has been a
wheel within a wheel, a*revenue system within
a revenue system, established by the creation
of a board utterly unknown to any statutory
provision. If this House has respect for itself
or for the laws of the country, it will not, I
think, submit to have the power of the legisla-
tive department taken away, bit by bit, until the
Executive Departments shall do just what they
please in regard to matters of this kind.
Mr. BUTLER. Will the gentleman from
Ohio allow me to read the law under which,
as I understand, this commission has been
appointed?
Mr. SCHENCK. Certainly.
Mr. BUTLER. I understand that the pro-
vision under which the power to appoint this
commission is claimed—and I submit to the
House that it is sufficient authority—is con-
tained in a clause of section fifteen of the inter-
nal revenue act of March 2, 1867. It is in
these words:
"And the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby au-
thorized to adopt, procure, and prescribe for use such
hydrometers, weighing and gauging instruments,
meters, or other means for ascertaining the strength
and quantity of spirits subject to tax, or for the pre-
vention or detection of frauds by distillers of spirits,
and to prescribe such rules and regulations as he may
deem necessary to insure a uniform and correct sys-
tem of inspection, weighing and gatn?ing of spirits
subject to tax throughout the United States."
Mr. SCHENCK. I have heard the law. I
do not believe that these men are either meters
or hydrometers.
Mr. BUTLER. I have not called them
either. They are among "the other means"
of preventing fraud.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then there must be other
means under the rules established by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury. In other words, there
is a transfer of all power of legislation even to
the extent of creating offices, a transfer from
this branch of the legislative department of
the Government to that at the other end of the
avenue. It is a most latitudinarian construc-
tion of the law. It beats the '' general welfare''
clause of the Constitution all hollow in the way
in which it is administered.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman a question.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman from Illi-
nois represents more whisky than anybody else.
Peoria is full of it. [Laughter.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. I hope the gentleman,
