724
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18,
then, will yield to me bo I may say a word in
reference to an interest which he declares I
represent so largely.
Mr. SCHENCK. I yield to the gentleman
for five minutes.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Speaker, I desire
to ask the gentleman from Ohio if it is ex-
pected, should the House adopt his sugges-
tion and refer this communication of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to any committee, that
of itself will suspend the present powers of the
Secretary of the Treasury ? Would that control
him till further action is taken by the House ?
What is the object of bringing the House
to a vote now? Does it suspend the powers
claimed and exercised by the Secretary of the
Treasury, or does it leave him to exercise
them until the existing law shall have been
amended?
Mr. SCHENCK. I have made no motion
on that subject. I have brought this informa-
tion before the House, and moved that it be
referred to ourproper organ—the Committee of
Ways and Means. I have not myself proposed
to' do anything further than that. Whether
any one else will or not it is notfor me to say,
but it will be for the Secretary, under the pre-
vious act of Congx-ess, to say whether he is
exercising doubtful powers and will continue
to do so in the face of what may be done by
Congress.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Speaker, before
the House takes any action which will curtail
the powers of the Secretary of the Treasury
and throw any obstacle in the way of collect-
ing the revenue on this aiticle. 1 hope it will
have full and complete information ; for other-
wise, instead of mending matters it will make
them worse.
Now, sir, in my district there are a great
many distilleries. In Chicago there are nearly
as many more. In Dubuque there are several.
In Cincinnati there are about as many more.
In Lawrenceburg, Indiana, about as many
more. This great interest, therefore, does not
center in New York. The West manufactures
more whisky when the frauds of distilleries can
be checked than the East, put it all together.
There was a time, sir, when twenty distilleries
were running in the city of Peoria, paying
$100,000 a day into the United States Treas-
ury ; but there is not one running to-day.
Such is my information. The frauds in Now
York have put it beyond the power of the
honest distillers of the West to make a single
gallon. And the gentleman's own district of
Ohio, t.ho Dayton district, has some distilleries.
They cannot run now. Why ? Because the city
of New York has made such an enormous
amount of illicit whisky. This great western
interest is now paralyzed. That is the evidence
before the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
and the Secretary of the Treasury. They have
pursued the illicit traffickers until they have
tound that New York is the great source and
center of corruption and fraud, and now hope
and expect that by the establishment of this
board they can stop it. It is anticipated if they
succeed that that branch of industry will be
revived in the West and throughout the coun-
try, and that the revenues of the Government
will be immensely increased.
Now, sir, I hope there will be no action
taken by the House which will take from the
Secretary of the Treasury and the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue this power, right-
fully and honestly exercised by them, in my
opinion, under the law as it now stands.
If the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck:]
can convince me that the action he proposes
will invigorate the industries of the West or
any other part of the country I will go with
him; but I cannot consent to go haphazard
and interfere with the action-of the Secretary
and the Commissioner of Internal Revenue in
this important matter.
What we want is an honest administration
of. the revenue law. We want to put down
illicit distillation. As long as the Government
recognizes the manufacture of whisky as legit-
■ imate it should be our object to protect the
honest manufacturer everywhere and pursue
with relentless vigor every fraudulent dealer
or manufacturer. I believe the Secretary of
the Treasury is endeavoring, to do that, and I
am opposed to hampering him by any interfer-
ence of ours at this time.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him whether the Secretary was en-
gaged in that endeavor when he removed all
the assessors and collectors of experience and
tried integrity, and put in their places fellows
without experience or character, political or
moral?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I am not aware that the
Secretary "removed all the assessors and col-
lectors of experience and tried integrity, and
put in their places fellows without experience
or character, political or moral." I have no
sympathy with the Secretary of the Treasury
politically, but so far as the practical adminis-
tration of the revenue law is concerned I have
seen no evidence of maladministration or cor-
ruption on the part of the Secretary or the
Commjssioner of Internal Revenue.
Mr. KELLEY. Did the gentleman ever
hear of an honest, experienced officer being
turned out to put in a bread-and-butter man
of known bad character? If he did not he is
the only member of this House that is igno-
rant of the reported occurrence of such a thing.
This, in my judgment, was part of the Secre-
tary's practical administration of the affairs of
the Revenue Bureau.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I have never heard of
the case the gentleman presents. We have
suffered some in our part of the country by ths
removal of officers, I admit. There was an
excellent assessor removed in my district; but
I do not believe the Secretary of the Treasury
had anything to do with it. I believe the Presi-
dent of the United States, on his own motion,
directed the removal and the appointment of
another man, against whom, however, I never
heard one word, so far as his integrity and hon-
esty were concerned.
Mr. SCHENCK. What member of the Cab-
inet, when serenaded, made a speech entirely
indorsing the President and all his policy, and
so demeaned himself as to make a dirty, black-
guard attack upon the legislative department
of the Government? Who was it but the Sec-
retary of the Treasury ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. The gentleman has
answered his own question. I did not indorse
that speech, and it has nothing to do with the
question before the House.
Mr. KELLEY. He also denounced the
gentleman from Illinois himself as " a tinker."
[Laughter.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. Well, sir, I admit that
I was one of the one hundred and fifty mem-
bers of Congress denounced .as " Constitution
tinkers " by the Secretary. But what has that
to do with the collection of the revenue?
Mr. ROSS. I rise to a question of order.
Is there any rule of the House to prevent gen-
tlemen from making blackguards of themselves
on this floor? If so I would like to have it
read. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. If the point of order had
been made when any words were spoken the
Chair would have ruled upon it. . It is made
too late.
Mr. INGERSOLL. There is no propriety
in referring at this time to that speech. It
was an impromptu affair, and I do not believe
the Secretary himself would now indorse it.
I do not indorse it by any means when I
say I believe he is honestly endeavoring to do
the best he can to suppress the illicit manufac-
ture of whisky. Neither do I believe him to
be a dishonest man because he made that
speech.
Mi-. KELLEY. I will say this, that he has
so mismanaged the Treasury and the internal
revenue department that the distillers in my
district, from whom the Government does not
get $10,000 a month, would regard it as - a
matter of economy to put up United States
bonds as security for the payment daily, weekly,
or monthly to the Government of $120,000 per
month tax upon the capacity of their stills, if
the leeches of the revenue department w.ere
taken off from them. They wish to be honest,
but the agents of the Government keep whisky
below two dollars per gallon in the market and
will not let them give the Treasury its dues.
This is equally true of other districts.
Mr. INGERSOLL. So it may be said with
regard to many other districts. The Peoria
distillers would willingly give $1,000,000 per
month if they would be allowed to run their
distilleries up to their full capacity. There is
nothing whatever in this statement of the gen-
tleman.
Mr. KELLEY. Can you keep down pecu-
lation and fraud by turning honest and experi-
enced men out of office and substituting those
that neither political party is willing to acknowl-
edge and much less to indorse?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Of course you cannot.
But this has nothing to do with the question
before us. I do not want honest men turned
out; I want honest men kept in office. If all
men were honest the question would be of easy
solution. Bat the fact is you have as many
illicit distillers, in proportion to the number
engaged in that business, in your city as in any
other, and in my opinion a similar board ought
to be established there to protect the revenue.
The Commissioner of Internal Revenue agrees
with the Secretary in the necessity of establish-
ing this board, and I have much confidence in
his judgment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] that
he has but four minutes remaining of his time.
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman will yield
to me to complete my sentence. I gave notice
to the Secretary from the floor that he was
then entering upon a career that would cost
the Government $50,000,000. It has cost the
Government sixty or eighty million dollars on
distilled spirits alone'.
Mr. INGERSOLL. What oareer does the
gentleman refer to ?
Mr. KELLEY. The career of turning out
all the experienced and trusty men in the sev-
eral revenue districts, and selecting their suc-
cessors from those whom neither party will
recognize, who have no principles that attach
them to any party or constrain them to obey-
any code, but who are ready to follow any flag
that opens an avenue to plunder.
Mr. INGERSOLL. 1 must say here that it
is lamentable that no man can rise here and
defend the action of any man who does not
agree with us in politics unless he is at once
assailed as sympathizing with him politically.
I have heard too much of this. It is not right
or just. Where the Secretary puts a man out
of office on political grounds 1 oppose him.
But when I agree with the Secretary in matters
of finance, or in the administration of the rev-
enue system, I do not wish itUo be understood
that I sympathize with him in his political
opinions or indorse them.
Mr. SCHENCK. Let us end this matter.
I wish it understood that it is not anybody's
fault but that of the Secretary of the Treasury
that he has such persons in office, and if the
gentleman will read these letters he will see
by the confession of Mr. Van Wyck that his
subordinates are fTset of rascals in his own
opinion.
Mr. ROSS. I would ask the gentleman how
they came to be confirmed by the Senate ?
Mr. SO.HENCK. I do not know. They
have confirmed a great many rapscallions that
I would have had nothing to do with.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I move that the com-
munication be laid upon the table, and printed.
Mr. ROBINSON. If the motion to lay on
the table does not prevail, will not the motion
to refer to a select committee have precedence?
The SPEAKER. The motion to refer to a
standing committee will have precedence.
The question was put on Mr. Van Wyck's
motion, and there were—ayes 68, noes 37.
Mr. BENJAMIN calledfor theyeas andnays.
The yeas and nays were noj. ordered.
So the motion of Mr. Van W yck was agreed to.
