1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
727
take up the bill which was returned from the
Hoase this morning with an amendment.
The motion was agreed to; an(J the Senate
proceeded to consider the amendment of the
House of Representatives to the bill (S. No.
137) for the further security of equal rights in
the District of Columbia. The amendment
was to strike out all after the enacting clause
of the bill and insert in lieu thereof the fol-
lowing:
That the word "white." wherever it occurs in the
laws relating to the District of Columbia or in the
charter or ordinances of the city of Washington or
Georgetown, and operates as a limitation on toe right
of any elector of said District or either of said cities
to hold any office or to be selected and to serve as a
juror, be, and the same is hereby, repealed; and it
shall be unlawful for any person or officer to enforce
or attempt to enforce said limitation after the passage
of (his act.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate
concur in the amendment of the House with
tbe following amendment as a new section:
And be it further enacted, That the supreme court
of the District of Columbia sitting for the trial of
crimes and misdemeanors be, and is hereby, author-
ized to order drawn from the jury-box provided for
that purpose, and in the manner provided by law,
the necessary_grand and petit jurors for the June
term of the criminal court for the year 1867.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I will inquire whether
that amendment is in order? I believe it relates
to proceedings in courts in the District, the
drawings of jurors, and the bill is for the repeal
of the disqualification to the right of holding
office. The amendment, it occurs to me, does
not relate to the same subject at all.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I suppose it
is in order.
Mr. HARLAN. There is no incongruity
that would amount to a barrier to the action
of the Senate; and I will state to the Senate
that there is a great necessity for the passage
of an amendatory law on this subject. The
criminal court now in session is unable to
organize, as I understand, either a grand jury
or a petit jury. In the trial now pending the
empaneling .of the jury was agreed to by the
attorneys on both sides; otherwise the court
would have been unable to try the case now in
hand. I was informed by the chief justice of
the court this morning that without some such
action the court would be compelled to adjourn,
and the criminal business could not be pro-
ceeded with, and consequently all parties now
in prison would have to be retained until after
next February. There is, therefore, a great
necessity for some such amendment as this.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment of the House, as amended,
was concurred in.
MAIL SERVICE TO CHINA AND JAPAX.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the joint resolution (H. R. No. 78)
authorizing extensions of the mail steamship
service between the United States and China
and Japan ; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the immediate consideration of that
joint resolution.
Mr. GRIMES. I call for the reading of the
resolution, so that we may know what it is.
The Chief Clerk read the joint resolution.
It authorizes the Postmaster General to extend
and improve the mail steamship service to
Japan and China, authorized by the act of
February 17, 1865, by establishing regular con-
nections with such other seaports in China
and Japan as will, in his judgment, promote
the usefulness and efficiency of the mail ser-
vice established by that act, provided such
extensions and improvements of the service
are made without additional expense to the
Government.
Mr. RAMSEY. I will state that a similar
bill was considered by the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads of the Senate and
unanimously agreed to by the committee.
There is no expense involved. It provides for
the extension of the mail service to the new
ports just about to bo opened in Japan.
Mr. POMEROY. I think the Postmaster
General has a right to extend this service to
other ports under the bill passed in February
last, but he thinks he has not, and this resolu-
tion allows him to extend it to other ports as
fast as they are opened, provided it can be
done without expense. I think it ought to
pass. The British and French lines run to all
these other ports and they will get the mail
service unless we authorize this to be done.
Mr. HENDERSON. What are the ports?
Mr. POMEROY. There are three or four
that have been opened lately.
Mr. RAMSEY. The new port of Osaka,
the principal port just opened by the new
treaty, is one. If we do not pass this propo-
sition we shall get no American mails into
these ports.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand the effect
of it is to allow them to stop at the intermedi-
ate ports without any additional subsidy.
Mr. RAMSEY. It is not to cost anything
additional.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to considering this joint resolu-
tion at this time?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know
if the rule we have adopted is considered as
waived and we are going into general business.
We are taking up measures here, and they are
depending upon their merits. If the Senate
has concluded to depart from the rule that has
been adopted we can consider these questions.
Mr. RAMSEY. I think there can be no
objection to a proposition so inexpensive as
this.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If there is no objection
to it another Senator will rise, -and there will
be no objection to his bill, and we shall con-
sider everything that a majority of the Senate
is for. If we have come to that conclusion, if
that is the opinion of the Senate, of course we
shall pass this bill, and pass every other bill
that it shall be found a majority of the Senate
is in favor of.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Any Senator can inter-
pose an objection, and that will carry'it over.
Mr. RAMSEY. Why would a Senator object
to a measure of this character?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not object; but I
say any Senator can object.
Mr. RAMSEY. This is an inexpensive prop-
osition, and I<am sure no Senator will object
Mr. TRL'MBULL. If the Senate is going
on with general business I have nothing to say.
Mr. RAMSEY. Doubtless there are bills
to which objection would be proper, but cer-
tainly not to one of this character.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then it amounts to this:
that every bill is to pass whiGh Senators can
go through the body and get gentlemen not to
object to. It is just the kind of legislation we
are getting through Congress and giving no
consideration to. We have half a dozen bills
and resolutions from the House of Representa-
tives that are proposed to be considered here,
though they have never been before any com-
mittee.
Mr. RAMSEY. This has been considered
by the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Has this billbeen before
any committee ?
Mr. RAMSEY. Not this particular bill,
but a bill in words and letters just like this,
and reported upon by our committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well, that being
the case I do not object if nobody else does.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
SYMPATHY ■WITH CRETE.
Mr. SUMNER. Are reports in order ? I
lost my opportunity by the motion to go into
executive session to make a report, which I
was directed to make this morning by the
Committee on EWeign Relations, and to ask
immediate action of the Senate upon it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will receive the report.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, reported a joint resolution (S.
R. No. 63) declaring sympathy with the suffer-
ing people of Crete.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask for the action of the
Senate upon the joint resolution at this time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to the consideration of the reso-
lution ? The Chair hears none.
The joint resolution was by unanimous con-
sent read three times, and passed. It is as
follows:
Resolved, &c., That the people of the United States,
feeling a strong sympathy with the people of Crete,
constituting a part of the Greek family, to which
civilization owes so much, are pained by the report
of the present sufferings of Vni.s interesting people;
and they unite in the hope that this declaration,
which they feel it their duty to make, will be favor-
ably considered by the Government of Turkey in
determining its policy toward Crete.
And be it further resolved. That it shall be the duty
of the President of the United States to communicate
this resolution to the Government of Turkey.
BOUNTY TO MISSOURI TROOPS.
Mr. HENDERSON. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce a joint resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Chair will pro-
ceed with the bills on the table.
Mr. HENDERSON. I think the matter
which I propose to offer will not consume much
time. I think it can be disposed of in a few
moments.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Missouri asks unanimous consent to
introduce a joint resolution of which no notice
has been given. Is there any objection ? Tha
Chair hears none.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 64) placing certain troops of Mis-
souri on 3n equal footing with others as to
bounties was read twice by its title.
Mr. HENDERSON. _ I will state that this
is an exact copy of the joint resolution which
was passed at the last session of Congress, but
failed to become a law in consequence of its
failure to reach the President during the ses-
sion. I know it to be an exact copy of that
resolution. If the Senate is disposed to violate
its rule at all, I think this is a case as merit-
orious as any in which the rule can be dis-
regarded. Senators will remember that I had
the measure up the other day in another form,
in the shape of a resolution requesting the
officers of the two branches of Congress to
sign a reenrolled copy of the resolution which
was passed at the last session, and to represent
it to the President. Senators will remember
that that matter was discussed here, and a
majority of the members seemed to come to
the conclusion that the better form to accom-
plish the object would be to pass over again
the resolution of last session, in the same lan-
guage in which it was then passed, and have it
presented to the President again. I ask that
it be considered now.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it had better go
to the Military Committee. If they report it
i back I shall have no objection.
I Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator from
! Ohio was not present the other day when the
| debate to which I have alluded occurred, and
I think he did not pay attention to my remarks
a moment ago. I will state to him that this is
an exact copy of a joint resolution passed by
both Houses in March last, and presented to
the President after the adjournment of Con-
gress. The Senator from Kansas, the chair-
man of the Committee on Enrolled Bills, [Mr.
Ross,] laid the enrolled joint resolution in his
desk after it was signed by the Presiding Offi-
cers of the two Houses, and forgot that it was
there, and the two Houses adjourned before
its presentation to the President. It was pre-
sented to the President after the adjournment,
and the President indorsed on the resolution a
statement to the effect that he conceived that
he had no authority to sign it, and he sent it
to the office of the Secretary of State. Before
the Senator from Ohio returned the question
came up here on a proposition directing the
officers of the two Houses again to enroll the
joint resolution and send it to the President
at this session ; but a_ majority of the Senators
seemed to be of opinion that the object might
