1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
731
were called for argument and consideration as
if no insurrection had intervened. ' New-cases
occurring since the rebellion have come from
these States before that court by writ of error
and appeal, and even by original suit, where
only "a State " can bring such a suit. These
cases are entertained by that tribunal in the
exercise ofits acknowledged jurisdiction, which
could not attach to them if they had come from
any political body other than a State of the
Union. Finally, in the allotment of their cir-
cuits, made by the judges at the December
term, 1865, every one of these States is put on
the same footing of legality with all the other
States of the Union. Virginia and North
Carolina, being a-part of the fourth circuit, are
allotted to the Chief Justice. South Carolina,
Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, and Florida
constitute the fifth circuit, and are allotted
to the late Mr. Justice Wayne. Louisiana,
Arkansas,_ and Texas are allotted to the sixth
judicial circuit, as to which there is a vacancy
on the bench.
The Chief Justice, in the exercise of his cir-
cuit duties, has recently held a circuit court in
the State of North Carolina. If North Caro-
lina is not a State of this Union the Chief
Justice had no authority to hold a court there,
and every order, judgment, and decree ren-
dered by him in that court were coram non
judice and void.
Another ground on which these reconstruc-
tion acts are attempted to be sustained is this:
that these ten States are conquered territory;
that the constitutional relation in which they
stood as States toward the Federal Government
prior to the rebellion has given place to a new
relation; that their territory is a conquered
country and their citizens a conquered people,
and that in this new relation Congress can gov-
ern them by military power.
A title by conquest stands on clear ground.
It is a new title acquired by war. It applies
only to territory, for goods or movable things
regularly captured in war are called "booty,"
or if taken by individual soldiers, "plun-
der."
There is not a foot of the land in any one
of these ten States which the United States
holds by conquest, save only such land as did
not. belong to either of these States or to any
individual owner. I mean such laftids as did
belong to the pretended government called the
confederate States. These lands we may claim
to hold by conquest. As to all other land or
territory, whether belonging to the States or to
individuals, the Federal Government has now no
more title or right to it than it had before the
rebellion. Our own forts, arsenals, navy-yards,
custom-houses, and other Federal property
situate in those States we now hold, not by the
title of conquest, but by our old title, acquired
by purchase or condemnation for public use
with compensation to former owners. We have
not conquered these places, but have simply
"repossessed" them.
If we require more sites for forts, custom-
houses, or other public use y?e must acquire
the title to them by purchase or appropriation
in the regular mode. At this moment the
United States, in the acquisition of sites for
national cemeteries in these States, acquires
title in the same way. The Federal courts sit
in court-houses owned or leased by the United
States, not in the court-houses of the States.
The United States pays each of these States
for the use of its jails. Finally, the United
States levies its direct taxes arid its internal
revenue upon the property in these States,
including the productions of the lands within
their territorial limits ; not by way of levy and
contribution in the character of a conqueror,
but in the regular way of taxation under the
same laws which apply to all the other States
of the Union.
From first to last, during the rebellion and
since, the title of each of these States to the
lands and public buildings owned by them has
never been disturbed, and not a foot of it has
ever been acquired by the United States, even
under a title by confiscation, and not a foot of
it has ever been taxed under Federal law.
In conclusion, I must respectfully ask the
attention of Congress to the consideration of
one more question arising under this bill. It
vests in the military commander, subject only
to the approval of the General of the Army of
the United States, an unlimited power to re-
move from office any civil or military officer in
each of these ten States, and the further power,
subject to the same approval, to detail or
appoint any military officer or soldier of the
United States to perform the duties of the offi-
cer so removed, and to fill all vacancies occur-
ring in those States by death, resignation, or
otherwise. The military appointeethusrequired
to perform the duties of a civil office, according
to the laws of the States, and as such required
to take an oath, is for the time being a civil
officer. What is his character ? Is he a civil
officer of the State or a civil officer of the
United States? If he is a civil officer of the
State, where is the Federal power under our
Constitution which authorizes his appointment
by any Federal officer? If, however, he is to
be considered a civil officer of the United
States, as his appointment and oath would seem
to indicate, where is the authority for his
appointment vested by the Constitution ? The
power of appointment of all officers of the Uni-
ted States, civil or military, where not pro-
vided for in the Constitution, is vested in the
President, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, with this exception: that
Congress " may by law vest the appointment of
such inferior officers as they think proper in
the President alone, in the courts of law, or
in the heads of Departments." Butthis bill, if
these are to be considered inferior officers
within the meaning of the Constitution, does
not provide for their appointment by the Pres-
ident alone, or by the courts of law, or by the
heads of Departments, bnt vests the appoint-
ment in one subordinate executive officer,
subject to the approval of another subordinate
executive officer; so that, if we put this ques-
tion and fix the character of this military
appointee either way, this provision of the bill
is equally opposed to the Constitution.
Takethecase of a soldier or officer appointed
to perform the office of judge in one of these
States, and as such to administer the proper
laws of the State. "ftrhere is the authority to
be found in the Constitution for vesting in a
military or an executive officer strict judicial
functions to be exercised under State law? It
has been again and again decided by the Su-
preme Court of the United States that acts of
Congress which have attempted to vest execu-
tive powers in the judicial courts or judges of
the United States are not warranted by the Con-
stitution. If Congress cannot clothe a judge with
merely executive duties, how can they clothe
an officer or soldier of the Army, with judicial
duties over citizens of the United States, who
are not in the military or naval service? So,,
too, it has been repeatedly decided that Con-
gress cannot require a State officer, executive
or judicial, to perform any duty enjoined upon
him by a law of the United States. How, then,
can Congress confer power upon an executive
officer of the United States to perform such
duties in a State? If Congress could not vest
in a judge of one of these States any judicial
authority under the United States by direct
enactment, how can it accomplish the same
thing indirectly by removing the State judge
and putting an officer of the United States in
his place?
To me these considerations are conclusive
of the unconstitutionality of this part of the
bill now before me, and I earnestly commend
their consideration'to the deliberate judgment
of Congress.
Within a period less than a year the legisla-
tion of Congress has attempted to strip the
executive department of the Government of
some of its essential powers. The Constitution
and the oath provided in it devolve upon the
President the power and duty to see that the
laws are faithfully executed. The Constitu-
tion, in order to carry out this power, gives
him the choice of the agents, and makes them
subject to his control and supervision. But in
the execution of these laws the constitutional
obligation upon the President remains, but the
power to exercise that constitutional duty is
effectually taken away.
The military commander is, as to the power
of appointment, made to take the place of the
President, and the General of the Army the
place of the Senate; and any attempt on the
part of the President to assert his own consti-
tutional power may, under pretense of law, be
met by official insubordination. It is to be
feared that these military officers, looking to
the authority given by these laws rather than
to the letter of the Constitution, will recognize
no authority but the commander of the dis-
trict and the General of the Army.
If there were no other objection than this to
this proposed legislation it would be sufficient.
While 1 hold the chief executive authority of
the United States, while the obligation restg
upon me to see that all the laws are faithfully
executed, I can never willingly surrender that
trust or the powers given for its execution.
I can never give my assent to be made re-
sponsible for the faithful execution of laws,
and at the same time surrender that trust and
the powers which accompany it to any other
executive officer, high or low, or to any num-
ber of executive officers. If this executive
trust, vested by the Constitution in the Presi-
dent, is to be taken from him and vested in a
subordinate officer, the responsibility will be
with Congress in clothing the subordinate with
unconstitutional power and with the officer who
assumes its exercise.
This interference with the constitutional
authority of the executive department is an
evil that, will inevitably sap the foundations of
our Federal system, but it is not the worst evil
of this legislation. It is a great public wrong
to fake from the President powers conferred on
him alone by the Constitution ; but the wrong
is more flagrant and more dangerous when the
powers so taken from the President are con-
ferred upon subordinate executive officers, and
especially upon military officers. Over nearly
one third of the States of the Union military
power, regulated by no fixed law, rules supreme.
Each one of the five districtcommanders, though
not chosen by the people or responsible to
them, exercises at this hour more executive
power, military and civil, than the people have
ever been willing to confer upon the head of
the executive department, though chosen by
and responsible to themselves. The remedy
must come from the people themselves. They
know what it is, and how it is to be applied. At
the present time they cannot, according to the
forms of the Constitution, repeal these laws:
they cannot remove or control this military des-
potism. The remedy is, nevertheless, in their
hands ; it is to be found in the ballot, and is a
sure one, if not controlled by fraud, overawed
by arbitrary power, or from apathy on their
part too long delayed. With abiding confidence
in their patriotism, wisdom, and integrity, I
am still hopeful of the future, and that in the
end the rod of despotism will be broken, the
armed heel of power lifted from the necks of
the people, and the principles of a violated
Constitution preserved.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, D. C., July 19, 1867.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, the ex-
traordinary and as I think indefensible position
assumed in that message mightwell call for a
reply. I think most of the positions assumed,
and indeed all of them so far as they go to deny
the authority of Congress to pass this bill, are
untenable; but there is an indisposition in the
Senate .to have its time occupied with the dis-
cussion of the message, and if it be the pleas-
ure of the Senate to vote upon it at once, I
shall forego any remarks that, under other cir-
cumstances, and if the Senate were to continue
