n
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July f9,
ill session, I should be inclined to make. If it
is the pleasure of the Senate to take the vote>
X shall not trespass on its time. ["Question,"'
"Question."]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, Shall this bill pass notwithstanding the
objections of the President ? The question will
be taken by yeas and nays, so as to determine
whether two thirds vote for the bill or -not.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 30, nays 6; as follows t
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cattcll, Chandler, Conls-
linK, Cragin, Edmunds, Fessenden, Fowler, Freling-
huysen, Grimes, Harlan, Henderson, Howard, Mor-
gan, Morrill of Maine, Nye, Patterson of New Hamp-
shire, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Ross, Sherman, Sum nor,
Thayer, Tipton, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade, Wil-
ley, Wilson, and Yates—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Buekalew, Davis, Hend-
ricks, Johnson, and Patterson of Tennessee—6.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cameron. Cole, Conness. Cor-
bett,Dixon, Doolittle, Drake, Ferry, Guthrie, Howe,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Norton, Saulsbury,
Sprague, Stewart, and Williams—17.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Two thirds
of the Senators present having voted to pass
the bill, it is now a law notwithstanding the
veto of the President.
Mr. SPRA.GUE subsequently said: I ask
unanimous consent to have my name recorded
in the affirmative on the final passage of the
supplementary reconstruction bill. I was neces-
sarily absent from my seat when the final vote
was taken, and I ask unanimous consent to be
allowed to i-ecord my vote.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to accom-
modate the Senator, but under our rules it
cannot be done.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Under the
rules the vote of a Senator not present at the
time cannot be recorded, even by unanimous
consent. „
Mr. SPRAGUE. Then I will state that if
present I would have voted for-tlie bill.
message from tub iiouse.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhekson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the joint resolution
(S. It. No. 03) declaring sympathy with the
suffering people of Crete.
The message also announce^ that the House
had concurred with the amendment of the
Senate to the amendment of the House to the
bill (S. No. 137) for the further security of
equal rights in the District of Columbia.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed a joint
resolution (PI. 11. No. 80) concerning the gov-
ernment of the Army of the United States, in
which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
reconstruction expenses—veto.
The message also announced that the Presi-
dent of the United States, having returned to
the House of Representatives, in which it
originated, the joint resolution (H. R. No. 71)
to carry into effect the several acts providing
for the more efficient government of the rebel
States, with his objections thereto, the House
of Representatives proceeded, in pursuance
with the Constitution, to reconsider the same,
and passed the same, two thirds of the House
agreeing thereto.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will lay before the Senate the message just
received from the House of Representatives.
The message of the President will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
To the House of Representatives: .
For reasons heretofore stated in my several
veto messages to Congress upon the subject of
reconstruction, I return without my approval
"the,joint resolution to carry into effect the
several acts providing for the more efficient
government of the rebel States," and appro-
priating for that purpose the sum of §1,000,000.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, July 19, 1867.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the_ passage of the joint resolution,
notwithstanding the objections of the Presi-
dent.
Mr.. JOHNSON. Is this the measure which
makes an appropriation of $1,000,000, in addi-
tion to what has been heretofore appropriated ?
["Yes."]
The question being taken by-yeas and nays.,
resulted—yeas 02, nays4; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Chandler, Conk-
ling, Cragin, Edmunds, Fessenden, Fowler, Freling-
huysen, Grimes, Harlan, Henderson, Howard, John-
son, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Nye, Patterson of
New Hampshire, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Boss. Sherman,
Sprague, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton. Trumbull, Van
Winkle, Wade, Willey, Wilson, and Yates—32.
NAYS—Messrs. Buekalew, Davis, Hendricks, and
Patterson of Tennessee—4.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Cameron, Cole, Con-
ness, Corbett, Dixon, Doolittle, Drake, Ferry, Guth-
rie, Howe, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Norton,
Saulsbury, Stewart, and Williams—17.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Two thirds
of the Senate having voted to pass the joint
resolution notwithstanding the objections of
the President, it is a law.
removal of district commanders.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the joint resolution (H. R. No. 80)
concerning the government of the Army of the
United States; and it was read the first time.
It provides that no district or department
commander shall be relieved by the President
from the command heretofore assigned to and
now exercised by him, without the advice and
consent of the Senate, unless the change of
command be recommended by the General
commanding the Army.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope we may proceed
with that at once.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I object to the consid-
eration of it.
Mr. JOHNSON. So do I.
Mr. SUMNER. That is the very key of the
whole structure of reconstruction.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
has had its first reading, and objection being
made, it goes over under the rules.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to know from the
Chair if one objection carries it over?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It cannot
be read more than once to-day, objection being
made.
adjournment of congress.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of the
House resolution for adjournment, and I desire
to offer a substitute for it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution will be read for information.
_ The Chief Clerk read the following resolu-
tion, adopted by the House of Representatives
on the 11th instant:
Setolved, (tho Senate concurring,) That when the
two Houses of Congress shall a.djourn on the — day
of July instant, the adjournment shall be to W odncs-
day, tho 13thday of November next, at noon, and the
two Houses shall then reassemble without further
order.
• Mr. SHERMAN. I propose to amend the
resolution by striking out all after the resolv-
ing clause and inserting as a substitute:
That the President of the Senate and the Speaker
of the House of Representatives shall at twelve
o'elook, meridian, of the 20th day of July instant
adjourn their respective Houses, to meet on the first
Monday of December next.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Allow me to suggest
to tho Senator from Ohio that I understand
the other House has adjourned to meet at
twelve o'clock to-morrow, and they will have
to act on this amendment if it is sent back.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will name four o'clock,
or any other hour that will be satisfactory.
Several Senators. Say two o'clock.
Mr. SHERMA.N. Very well; I will say
two o'clock. That will give plenty of time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first
question is on taking up the resolution. Is
there any objection?
Mr. HENDERSON. I object 
Mr. FESSENDEN. The motion is in order
to take up the resolution. A resolution of
adjournment does not require unanimous con-
sent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is a
peculiar resolution,'"and I supposed it to be
excluded by our rule or I ghould have laid it
before the Senate long ago.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is not legislative
business.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have no objection
to taking up the resolution, but I wish to state
an objection to its passage now.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No objec-
tion being made, the resolution is before the
Senate. The question is on the amendment of
the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. HENDERSON. I wish to suggest to
the Senator from Ohio this difficulty in the way
of the adoption of the resolution : the other
House has not yet acted on our Indian bill 
Mr. FESSENDEN. And there is not the
slightest possibility of their doing so.
Mr. HENDERSON. Then, if there is no
possibility of that, we ought to pass the House
bill repealing the provision which prohibits the
making of any Indian treaties by the President
or the Secretary of the Interior or the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs.
Several Senators. We will take that up
and pass it presently.
Mr. HENDERSON.. Very well.
Mr. POMEROY. We ought not to adjourn
until Monday or Tuesday. There is enough
executive business to keep us two or three
Mr. FESSENDEN. We can pass the bill
referred to by the Senator from Missouri before
two o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. HENDERSON. But there will be no
train for any Senator to get away by until five
or six o'clock.
Mr. JOHNSON. There is a train at half
past four.
Hr. EDMUNDS. We can pass the bill of
the Senator from Missouri in five minutes.
Mr. HENDERSON. If the Senate will
take up that bill now I shall be satisfied.
Mr. EDMUNDS. As soon as this is dis-
posed of.
The PRESIDENT p.ro tempore. There is
a resolution before the Senate, and the 'ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask that the amend-
ment be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment,
which was to strike out all after the word
'/that" and insert—
Tho President of the Senate and the Speaker of
the House of Representatives shall, at two o'clock
p. m. on tho 20th day of July instant, adjourn their
respective Houses, to meet on the first Monday of
December next.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why not say "without
day?"
Mr. SHERMAN. Because it has been sug-
gested that the act of the last Congress may
have disturbed to some extent the operation
of the former provisions as to our meeting.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well.
Mr. SUMNER. I move to amend the
amendment by substituting instead of the
"first Monday of December next" the " sec-
ond Wednesday of October next."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. On that question I have a
word to say. Pardon me if I speak frankly.
I cannot help it. How Congress, after listen-
ing to the message of to-day, which is only
the logical consequence of other messages,
can quietly voto to go home and leave this
post of duty until next winter, passes my un-
derstanding. To me it is incomprehensible.
The message from beginning to end was of
defiance. It is needless to quote its precise
language. Its defiant tone still fills this Cham-
ber, and will soon fill the whole country. As
I listened to this appeal, which was calculated
to revive the dying rebellion, I felt that one
of two things must be done; its author must
be removed from the executive chair, or Con-
gress must continue in permanent session to
watch and counteract him. Such is the alter-
native. One failing, the other must be done.
