734
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July It),
clearly his judgment and opinion upon a very
grave question. I must be permitted to say,
and that without any feeling of unkitidness,
without assuming to" myself the function of a
critic upon a gentleman whose position is as
independent as my own, tliat I consider lan-
guage of that sort to be a gross impropriety in
this presence, in this Chamber, and that it is
of evil example, and that out of respect to our
political institutions and the Constitution of
the country under which we assemble, and to
the reasonable and just opinions of the Ameri-
can people, whose servants and servitors we
are, we should withhold ourselves from the
expression of judgment upon a question which
is not here and which cannot come here unless
it be brought here by the House of Represent-
atives, over whose action we have no control.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, there is just
the point. The Senator says the question is
not here ; in other words, that this is not the
time to discuss the President. He is mis-
taken; this is the very time to discuss the
President. It is here on the proposition of
the Senator from Ohio, who now gravely moves
that we leave our seats, and from this time
forward till December abdicate all guardian-
ship of the public interests. To such a propo-
sition there is but one natural and logical
reply. It is that we must not abdicate, so
long as Andrew Johnson is in the executive
chair. If he is President, we must remain at
our posts, precisely as Grant remained before
Richmond.
Mr. President, if another person wielded
the executive powers of the nation—if there
was anybody in that high office mindful of the
Constitution as interpreted by the Declaration
of Independence, and disposed to carry for-
ward the acts of Congress adopted by such
triumphant majorities, then I could vote with
Senators to go home. But unhappily it is not
so. Anything bat this. Our President is a
public enemy, the successor in spirit and opin-
ion of Jefferson Davis, through whom the
rebellion is once more set on its legs. Who
can doubt this? Does any Senator, accus-
tomed to vote with the Union party and to
sustain the Union cause, question this simple
statement of fact ? Does he believe it over-
drawn? Let him answer, if he does. Let him
say where my language goes by a hair's breadth
beyond the exact truth. [Here Mr. Sumner
Btopped, as if for an answer and then pro-
ceeded.]
Because we have the successor of Jefferson
Davis in the presidential chair therefore Con-
gress must stay. That is my argument in a
nutshell. A volume or an oration could not
make it plainer than it is when I simply state it.
The more I think of this duty the more com-
manding it seems. The President is the Ex-
ecutive : you are the Legislative. His influence
is great; but yours is greater. If you choose
to say so you can be the masters. You can
apply the corrective to his mischief. Surely
here is a motive. Ten States are now exposed
to his malign influence, all of which may be
arrested by your presence here. Let it bo
known that you arc to continue in your seats,
and every Union man throughout the rebel
States will feel stronger. He will be conscious
at once of a panoply, which the President and
the rebel tail of which he is the head cannot
penetrate.
There are your generals, also, who, as soon
as you are gone, may be his victims. The>
telegraph may flash to you, in the-comfort of
your homes, that the gallant Sheridan, as true
in government as he was skillful in war, has
been driven from his post by an enemy with
whom he cannot contend. It may flash to you
the removal of Pope, who has shown such
talent and thoroughness in the organization of
his district; and also the removal of Sickles,
who has carried into his new duties such varied
experience and patriotic purposes. All this
may occur, for the President is vindictive and
malignant in his assaults upon the upholders
of Human Rights. Is it not worth your care to
provide against such calamity? But you pro-
pose to go home and leave all, whether citizens
or generals, a prey to the President. I protest
against it.
Mr. CAMERON. I am in favor of adopt-
ing the resolution of the House of Representa-
tives, but for somewhat different reasons from
those which have been assigned. In the first
place I think an earlier meeting in the autumn
than usual would be better for the country
and better for the comfort and convenience of
members of Congress. I have long thought
that it would be better to meet here in Octo-
ber, if our elections would allow us to do it;
but it seems they do not. By the 13th of No-
vember, however, all the elections will have
taken place ; and by meeting at .that time we
shall, in point of fact, add more than a month
to our session in the pleasant part of the year.
Mr. JOHNSON. Only two weeks and a
half.
Mr. CAMERON. I say more than a month,
and I am right. The custom now is to meet
on the first Monday in December, and to do
no business then, because the Christmas holi-
days come on so soon ; and all of us get ready
to go home. It is very Natural that we should
desire to,go home to our families at Christmas.
The consequence is that no business -is done
here until after the first Monday in January.
Now, if you meet on the I3th of November
you will have a full month of pleasant weather
in which to transact the ordinary business of
the country. It would be much better than
remaining hero a month in August, or July,
or June even. The custom of meeting in De-
cember and having a three months' session
one year and a long summer session the next
is, I think, injurious to members of Congress,
and not advantageous to the country. For
this reason I propose to meet the earliest day
I can in the autumn, and I shall vote for the
resolution as it came from the House of Rep-
resentatives.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Ohio.
The amendment to the amendment was
VfijoCtGCl.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now recurs on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Ohio.
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. CHANDLER. I believe that the amend-
ment now names two o'clock to-morrow as
the hour for final adjournment.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to substitute
four o'clock in place of two o'clock. Iregret
exceedingly that the Senate is disposed at this
time to adjourn the present session; but if we
are to adjourn to so late a period as the middle
of November I would prefer the first Monday
of December. I think we ought nottoadjourn
at all without passing the joint resolution that
came from the other House to-day. At pres-
ent, however, I content myself with moving
to substitute four o'clock for two o'clock.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not see any objection
to substituting four for two o'clock. I have no
preference as to the hour. The only object I
have is to fix the hour of adjournment some
time before the trains leave, so that there will
be a possibility of gentlemen getting off by
the evening trains.
Mr. JOHNSON, and "others. Say .three
o'clock.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am told that a train
leaves at half past four, and several Senators
suggest three o'clock as the proper hour.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well; I will com-
promise on three.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will accept that modifi-
cation.
ThePRESIDENTpro tempore. The amend-
ment is modified by substituting three o'clock
for two o'clock.
Mr. NYE. Do I understand that the vote
on this amendment determines the question of
adjourning to November or December?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio, which proposes an adjournment to De-
cember.
Mr. NYE. And that amendment fixes De-
cember as the time for our meeting? ["Yes."]
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator wants a
decisive vote,.as there is ho use in wasting time
on a question of this kind, he can move to
amend my amendment by inserting the 13th
of November instead of the first Monday of
December, and have the yeas and nays taken
on that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why not take them on
this amendment, and let those who want to
meet on the 13th of November vote against
the amendment?
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; that will do.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of tlie Senator from
Ohio.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 15; as follows:
■ YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Buekalow, Cat-
tell, (Jonkting, Davis, I'essenden, Frelinghuysen,
Grimes, Harlan, Henderson, Hendricks, Johnson,
Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Patterson of New Hamp-
shire, Patterson of Tennessee, liamscy, Sherman,
Spragne, Trumbull, and Van Winkle—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Cragin, Ed-
munds, Howard, Howe, Nye, Pomeroy, Iloss, Sum-
ner, Thayer, Tipton, Wade, Wilson, and Yates—15.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cole, Conness, Corbett, Dixon,
Doolittlc, Drake, Ferry, Fowler. Guthrie, Morrill of
Vermont, Morton, Norton, Saulsbury,Stewart, Wil-
ley, and Williams—16.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the resolution as amended.
Mr. SUMNER. On that question I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOWARD. Let the resolution be read
as it now stands amended.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, &c., That the President of the Senate and
the Speaker of the House of Representatives shall,
at three o clock p. m. on the 20th day of J uly instant,
adjourn their respective Houses, to meet on the first
Monday of December next.
Mr. HOWARD. I rise merely to say that I
think it unsafe for Congress to adjourn until
the first of December. I am well satisfied
in my own mind that our attendance here will
be needed before that time; and I draw this
conclusion from the extraordinary tone of the
message which has been sent to us to-day. I see
in that message the same defiant, revolution-
ary spirit which has marked all the messages
of the present incumbent of the presidential
chair on the subject of reconstruction." I am
quite satisfied that it is his determination, by
force or fraud, by any means within his reach,
to defeat the great ends which Congress have
in view by their reconstruction acts; and I .
think it is our bounden duty to be in such an
attitude as will enable us, so far as practicable,
to carry out that policy firmly and unflinch-
ingly, let what will come.
By a remark which I have just heard drop
from the Senator from Rhode Island" [Mr.
Anthony,] that Senator, I learn, seems to '
infer that with my feelings I ought to vote
against any adjournment. That does not fol-
low at all. We can adjourn to some interme-
diate time, which will put us in a position to
check and thwart the action of the executive
department should we see fit to do so. But if
we now adjourn until the first Monday of De-
cember, we give him the space of four months
and a half within which to operate, and, so te
speak, to checkmate us and our legislation. I
think it unsafe to adjourn so long.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 14, as follows:—
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Buekalew, Cat-
tell, Conkling, Davis, Edmunds, Fessenden, lfrc-
linghuysen, Grimes, Henderson, Hendricks, Howe,
Johnson, Morgan, MoiTijl of Maine, Patterson of
New Hampshire, Patterson of Tennessee, Iiamsey,
Sherman, Sprague, Trumbull, and Van Winkle—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Cragin, Har-
lan, Hownid, Nye, Pomeroy. Ross, Sumner, Thayer,
Tipton, Wade, Wilson, and Yates—14.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cole, Conness, Corbett, Dixon,
Doolittle, Drake, Ferry, Fowler, Guthrie, Morrill of
