1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
735
Vermont, Morton, Norton, Saulsbury, Stewart, Wil-
loy, and Williams—16.
So the resolution, as amended, was agreed to.
INDIAN TREATIES.
Mr. HENDERSON. I now ask leave to be
allowed to report from the Committee on Indian
Affairs the little bill to which I referred a short
time ago, and I wish to have the Senate con-
sider it at once. It is highly important that it
should be passed.
.The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Missouri asks unanimous consent to
report a bill and have it considered at this
time. Is there any objection? The Chair
■hears none.
Sir. HENDERSON. The Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 137) amendatory of an act making
appropriations to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for contingent expenses of the
Senate of the United States for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 18G7, and for other purposes,
have instructed me to report it back without
amendment, and to ask that it be put on its
passage at once.
By unanimous consent the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to repeal the concluding portion of sec-
tion six sf an act approved March 29, 1867, in
the words following:
"And all laws allowing the President, the Secre-
tary of the Interior, or the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, to enter into treaties with Indian tribes are
hereby repealed; and no expense shall hereafter bo
incurred in negotiating a treaty with any Indian
tribe until an appropriation authorizing such expend-
iture shall be first made by law."
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
MESSENGERS AND PAGES.
Mr. NYE. I desire to submit a resolution,
and to give notice that I shall call it up to-
morrow :
Resolved, That the Sergeant-at-Arms be, and he is
hereby, authorized to retain during the coming recess
the special messengers and pages now in his employ.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to ; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, July 19, 1867.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Botnton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. BOYER. I ask consent ta make a
brief personal explanation,
The SPEAKER. Is there objection ? The
Chair hears none.
Mr. BOYER. Yesterday I objected to the
reference of a certain communication sent to
the House through the Speaker by a Senator
and five Representatives of the Legislature of
Arkansas. As it is reported by the Associated
Press it would appear as if the objection had
been a captious one. But I did not intend to
object to the reception of the communication
by this House, or to its reference to the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction, provided the com-
munication would be permitted to be read to
the House. My efforts to procure the reading
of the communication were ineffectual, and it
was on that account that I objected to its refer-
ence to the Reconstruction Committee, well
knowing that after it had once passed into
that receptacle it would be the last that we
were likely to hear of it. I thought the com-
munication was of such a character, and came
from such a source as to entitle it at least to
be read for the information of the House for
which it was designed.
I beg leave to disclaim any disrespect to the
Speaker in objecting aa I did to his proposi-
tion. It could not be my intention to do so
with the feelings which I entertain toward
him, and in view of the well-known fact that
he has been repeatedly thanked by the unani-
mous vote of this Honse for the impartial man-
ner in which he has presided over its delibera-
tions. But I do think, as I trust the House
will so even now consider it, that the commu-
nication referred to ought to be read for the
information of the House.
It is well known to all that this House has
been in the habit of listening to communica-
tions received from private individuals in the
form of letters, telegrams, &c., addressed to
this body or to individual members of it, which
favor the plans of the majority of Congress for
the reconstruction of the Union. I did not at
the time I objected know what were the con-
tents of the particular communication referred
to from the members of the Legislature of
Arkansas; but coming as it did from the Rep-
resentatives of a State, I thought it was entitled
to a respectful hearing on the part of members
of this House. Therefore it was that I objected
to its reference, without a reading, to the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction.
The SPEAKER. In response to the re-
marks of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
the Chair will state that lie received the com-
munication by mail, signed by one Senator and
five Representatives claiming to be members
of the General Assembly of Arkansas. The
Chair could present it in two ways ; either by
handing it to the Journal Clerk, under the rule,
or bringing it before the House. The reading,
of the paper would have opened the whole
question of reconstruction tor debate in the
House. It had then been engaged for a long
time discussing an executive communication
presented by the Speaker. The Chair, in giv-
ing a brief statement of the contents of the
protest, said if there was no objection it would
be referred to the Committee on Reconstruc-
tion, supposing that the gentlemen who signed
it would prefer to have it presented to the
House in that way. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania objected, as he had a right to
do, and the Chair did not of course except to
such objection, and he then presented the
paper, like other members, under the rules.
EXPULSION OP MEMBERS OP CONGRESS.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent to
make a statement.
No objection was made.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to have read what
I send-to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
"las Expulsion or Innocent Men fkom Coh-
eiress.—Mr. Lowe, in a recent discussion in the Eng-
lish House of Commons, said: ' My honorable friend,
the member for Reading, said that a majority in
America had never been known to abuse its power.
1 will take one instance, which is just as good as a
thousand. Certain things became necessary for the
Republican party, which could not be carried with-
out a majority of two thirds of Congress. Every-
body knows that members who were innocent men were
expelled from the Legislature in order to obtain the
necessary Republican majority.'"
Mr. DAWES. The extract which I have
sent up to the Clerk is from the National Intel-
ligencer of this morning. So far as anything
may be said in a partisan newspaper touching
the character of the Republican party of the
United States, I do not deem it worth while to
take any notice of it, because before the
American people the Republican party has
vindicated itself, and ecrtainly needs no word
of defense from me, but a statement of the
character which has been read at the Clerk's
desk, made in the British Parliament, and
apparently uncontradicted, I do deem worthy
of some notice. The charge in the paper is
that it having became necessary in the opinion
of the Republican party of the_ country to
carry certain measures that required a two-
thirds vote, innocent members were expelled
from Congress in order to secure a two-thirds
majority.
1 desire to call the attention of the House for
a moment to show that it was impossible that
this thing could be done, for, under the Con-
stitution of the United States, no man can be
expelled from Congress without a vote of two
thirds, and that therefore it would be impossible
for the Republican party to obtain thereby the
necessary majority, for they must first have
that necessary majority before the expulsion
can take place. Since the existence of the
Republican party there have been only two
members, so far as I remember, expelled from
the House. Those men were expelled for active
participation in the rebellion against the Gov-
ernment of the United States, and in expelling
them there was no such thing as party division.
I wish to say further, that if the member of
Parliament who made this statement intended
to make a broader charge, and to say that mem-
bers of the House of Representatives or of Con-
gress had been unseated upon the report of the
Committee of Elections, or otherwise, in order
to obtain thereby a two-thirds majority he was
mistaken, and the record will demonstrate that
fact. I deem it proper, having been connected
with the Committee of Elections, in a respon-
sible position, almost during the whole life of
the Republican party, to contradict the charge,
and to make the simple statement of fact that
since the adoption of measures requiring a two-
thirds vote have become necessary in order to
save the Government of the United States
there has always been a Republican majority
far exceeding the requisite two-thirds majority,
and no man has been unseated from this House
upon the report of the Committee of Elections
whose unseating in any way affected the major-
ity. At no time since it has been necessary to
adopt measures requiring a two-thirds vote has
the Republican party been in want of votes to
meet the emergency. That is all I desire to say.
Mr. ROSS. I desire to call the attention of
the gentleman to the expulsion of Mr. Voor-
hees, of Indiana, and the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Brooks ;] the refusal of a seat to
Mr. Baldwin, of Michigan, when he was justly
entitled to admission ; the expulsion of a Sen-
ator from New Jersey in the other branch of
Congress, in order that a two-thirds majority
might be insured.
Mr. DAWES. Technically speaking those
were no expulsions. Those were votes of the
House or the Senate that the gentlemen referred
to were not legally elected. I was not com-
mentingupon the merits of those cases. Itdoes
not become the House of Representatives to
review its action on such questions for the
satisfaction of the British Parliament. But,
sir, I was showing, as I think 1 did show, that
our action could not have been for the purpose
specified by the member of the British Parlia-
ment, that is, to obtain a two-thirds vote; for
without the votes of the individuals who have
been named by the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Ross] the two-thirds power of this House
was already with the Republican party, so as
not to be affected by the action of the House
on those cases.
Mr. ROSS. Perhaps that may not have
been known at the lime. I would suggest that
some men on the other side of the House are
very weak-kneed and have not much blood in
their veins; consequently it became necesr
sary to turn out some members on this side in
order to insure a two-thirds majority.
Mr. DAWES. The Lord has the country in
His keeping, and has ever furnished means and
power sufficient to meet every attack upon it.
Mr. PRUYN. It seems to me that before
formal notice is taken in this way by the House,
or any member of it, of proceedings in the
British Parliament it might be well to under-
stand distinctly and clearly what was said and
done on the occasion referred to. In the Intel-
ligencer, in which the statement is published
this morning, I observed no authority given for
it: nor does the statement refer to the com-
mittee of which the gentleman from Massachu-
setts is chairman. Assuming that the quota-
tion is correct, I infer that the member of the
Parliament named intended to refer to a great
general principle which had governed the con-
duct of the House, not in the matter of an
actual expulsion by a vote of the House of any
large number of members, but in what ended
