THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 19,
the mouth of the Missouri river, one on the
method of protection against overflow of the
Mississippi river, and one on the delta of the
Mississippi river, which contain practical facts
gathered during five years of incessant labor
by Captain Humphreys, that will furnish to
every member of this House information
essential to enable him to vote intelligently
upon the question of protecting the alluvial
lands of the Mississippi river against, over-
flow. It is information we must have, for the
question of the Mississippi levees is one that
we must meet and decide at an early day. I
ask unanimous consent, therefore, to submit a
resolution authorizing the printing of those
three chapters, together with one map and the
introductory matter, making in all about two
hundred pages, which will cost a mere nomi-
nal sum. 1 should like to ask for the printing
of the whole book, except for its size and the
expenditure that it would require.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That there be ordered to be printed for
the use of the House the usual number of copies of
the introductory letter, chaptersNos. 2, 6, and 7, and
plate No. 2 of the report on the physics and hydrau-
lics of the Mississippi river and the protection of the
alluvial regions against overflow, made under acts
of Congress by Captain, now Major General, A. A.
Humphreys, of the engineer department of the
United States Army.
Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio. I think that reso-
lution ought to be referred to the Committee
on Printing.
Mr. PILE. This is only for printing the
usual number which it is customary to print
without reference to the Committee on Print-
ing.
Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio. There are maps
to be printed, which are costly. I make the
motion to refer.
Mr. PILE. I cannot yield for that pur-
pose. The map is a small colored plate; and
if that is the only ground of objection 1 will
leave that out. I do not think it is essen-
tial, though important to the understanding of
these three chapters.
Mr. PIKE. What will the work cost?
Mr. PILE. I cannot say exactly, but the
expense will be small.
Mr. PIKE. The original report most of
the members present have received and read.
I certainly examined it" some years ago with
great care, and possessed myself of some mate-
rial facts in the case. What the special object
is now in having it printed or rather reprinted
I do not know, nor what the cost would be.
Mr. PILE. In answer to the gentleman
from Maine, I will say that I inquired at the
engineer's department and the War Depart-
ment and ascertained that but a few copies of
the work were printed, and those by order of
the War Department, and paid for out of the
contingent fund belonging to that Department.
I further learned that there are no copies now
for distribution.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. This is a
work I have never seen uptil recently, when 1
saw it in the hands of the gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Pile,] and I presume it has not
been seen by ten members of this House. It
is very important. It contains information
upon which we shall .be called upon to act
speedily in regard'to the great question of
leveeing the Mississippi river. 1 hope there
will be no objection to the printing.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I would like to ask the
fentleman if he believes ten members of the
louse will read it after it is printed?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I cer-
tainly hope they will. It is important enough
to arrest the attention of every member of this
House who has the welfare of the country at
Mr. SCOFIELD. It will he more than is
usually the case in regard to Congressional
documents if five members read it.
Mr. WARD. I desire to suggest to the gen-
tleman from Missouri, as no one is able to
give us the cost of this publication, and as we
shall probably not need this information until
the Committee on Printing er some committee
can investigate the cass and determine whether
it should be printed or not, that he give way
for a motion to refer it to the Committee on
Printing. If the gentleman will not yield for
such a motion I trust the House will vote down
the previous question in order that the motion
can be made.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I rise to oppose the'
suggestion of the gentleman from New York.
As there is no Committee on Printing now
organized I hope the House will take this
resolution into its own hands and pass it. _
Mr. WARD. I understand that committee
'is organized.
Mr. INGERSOLL. It seems to me it is not
organized when the members of it are all
absent.
The SPEAKER. Only one member of the
committee is now present. The committee has
been appointed.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I am aware it was
appointed at the March session. But, sir, how
much is involved in this resolution in the way
of expenditure ? Not more than $150. The cost
will not exceed ten cents per copy.
A Member. You cannot get it printed for
that.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I think we can. The
cost, at all events, is so small that it should not
weigh a feather against the printing of a docu-
ment which will impart so much information
to a great many people in the country who can-
not otherwise obtain it.
Mr. PILE. The information contained and
compressed within the three chapters I propose
to have printed has already cost for its collec-
tion a number of thousands of dollars. It has
cost the labor of two of the most efficient
engineers of the Government for five consecu-
tive years. It relates to a district of country
embracing over thirty-five thousand square
miles, which, if protected from the overflow of
the Mississippi river, has agricultural capacity
unequaled by any other equal area on the face
of the globe or that the sun has ever seen in
the six thousand years that he has been turning
his face toward it.
Now then, if after the expenditure of all
this money and labor for the collection of this
information for the use of the country, we do
not need to have it printed, knowing that we
shall need the information contained in these
chapters at an early day at the next session of
Congress, I am greatly in error, and I am sur-
prised that any gentleman should object to the
expenditure of the paltry sum required to place
this information in the hands of the members
of this House, in order that they may be able
to vote intelligently.upou the question that will
be presented to us early in the next session.
And in reply to the honorable gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Sooprni.n] I wish to
say that I do not at all entertain the reflection
upon the industry, intelligence, and conscien-
tiousness of this House made by him, but hope
and believe that gentlemen, knowing that they
must meet this question, will not do so without
reading the information contained in the chap-
ters that I propose to have printed. I think
the intimation that they will not read it is out
of place, not to say disrespectful to members
of this body. I now yield to the gentleman
from Ohio.
Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio. I have not objected
to this resolution. I simply ask that the reso-
lution shall be referred to the Committee on
Printing, so that the House in passing it may
know what expense they are about to incur.
One gentleman says that this document will
cost only ten cents a copy, and another gentle-
man who professes to know something of the
printing business says that it will cost a dollar
a copy. Let us have information from the
Printing Committee of this House. It is said
that the committee i3 not organized. I under-
stand that there is one member of the com-
mittee present, and he can confer with the
Superintendent of Public Printing and can
make an estimate of the cost of this printing
in a few minutes.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am inclined to go for
the printing asked for here; but my attention
is particularly attracted to this matter from the
fact that I propose to follow it with a proposi-
tion to print another small document from the
Secretary of the Navy in relation to the reten-
tion of Rear Admiral Goldsborough on the
active list, and it involves a ,correspondence
exceedingly interesting to those connected with
the Navy. The Secretary of the Navy, or
rather the Assistant Secretary, has suggested
that the; Department would be exceedingly gla:d
to have five hundred copies of this document.
It will bo a saving of composition and press
work to have the work done now when it is
going through the press in the Public Printing
office. I would suggest that by unanimous
consent we authorize the Speaker to appoint a
temporary Committee on Printing.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
he learns 'that the only member of the Com-
mittee on Printing who has been in attendance
here has been called home by the illness of
his wife, and that now there is no member of
the committee here.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask, then, that by unan-
imous consent the Chair shall appoint a tem-
porary Committee on Printing.
No objection was made; and tlieSpeaker
appointed Messrs. Clarke of Ohio, Getz, and
Trowbridge.
The resolution was referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing.
Mr. SCHENCK then, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following resolution; which
was read and referred, under the law, to the
Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That two thousand copies of the two ex-
ecutive documents relating to the retention of Rear
Admiral Goldsborough on the active list of the Navy
be printed for the use of this House, exccpt five hun-
dred copies of the same, which shall be delivered to
the Secretary of the Navy.
mississippi levees.
Mr. DRIGGS. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following preamble and resolution:
Whereas it is reported that great damage has been
sustained to the crops and other property on the
shores of the Mississippi and its tributaries by the
overflowing of their banks and the destruction ol the
levees; and whereas appeals arc made to the Gov-
ernment by the inhabitants of some of the* States
lately m rebellion for aid to repair the damage thus
created; and whereas it is the anxious desire of Con-
gress that all portions of the country shall feccivo a
just share of its protection and fostering care, and to
that end looks with earnest solicitude for the return
of the inhabitants of those States to unreserved loy-
alty to the Government against which they rebelled,
by accepting in good faith and carrying out with-
out obstruction the laws of Congress in their case
provided; and whereas neither Congress nor the loyal
people of the country desire to withhold from any
portion of the inhabitants under our flag any of tho
rights or benefits to which all lo> al citizens are enti-
tled: Therefore,
Resolved. That Congress desires tho immediate res-
toration by a full and perfect return to allegiance of
all the States lately in rebellion; and that as soon as
this is done, and true and undcfilcd Union men aro
returned to Congress, that the States and such mem-
bers will be admitted to full communion in the Gov-
ernment, and the benefits of legislation extended to
all the States without distinction.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I rise to a question of
order. I would inquire whether, under the
rule adopted by the House, that resolution
should not be referred to the Committee on
Reconstruction?
The SPEAKER. It should be, unless the
resolution is introduced by unanimous consent
or the rules are suspended for its introduction
by a two-thirds vote.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I will ask the gentleman
whether he will not let this resolution go to the
Committee on Reconstruction, under the rule,
or whether he desires to have it acted on at the
present time ?
The SPEAKER. It cannot be presented
except by unanimous consent or by a suspen-
sion of the rules.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Who offered this resolu-
tion ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mich-
igan, [Mr. Diugos.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Why, sir, it is the grand-
est joke I ever heard, coming from that side
of the House.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to
the introduction of the resolution ?
There was no objection.
