1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
7m
Mr. DRIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I think that
the preamble and resolution sufficiently ex-
plain themselves 
Air. SCOPIELD. I rise to a question of
order. Is this resolution debatable? Does
not the rule require that everything relating
to reconstruction shall go to the committee on
that subject without debate?
The SPEAKER. This resolution has been
received by unanimous consent, and is now
before the House for its consideration. But
the Chair will state that the rule during the
present session is precisely the reverse of that
stated by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Scofield.] Under the rule at the pres-
ent session matters relating to reconstruction
can be brought before the House for consider-
ation, whiie all other matters must be laid on
the table or referred without debate. The rule
Svhich has heretofore prevailed was changed at
this session.
Mr. SCOFIELD. It appears to me that this
resolution refers not only to reconstruction,
but to "all other matters,'' so that I think,
under the rule as stated by the Chair,it should
be referred without debate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood
the granting of unanimous consent as being
equivalent to a suspension of the rules for the
purpose of considering the resolution.
Mr. DRIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I am not in
the habit of rising to discuss every question
that comes before the House; and I do not
desire to discuss this proposition. I trust that
it will commend itself to the favorable consid-
eration of members. I call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I would like to ask the
gentleman a question.
Mr. DllIGGS. I will yield to hear the gen-
tleman's question.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I desire to inquire whether
this resolution, if it be adopted, will permit
Congress to rebuild the levees on the Missis-
sippi river; or if the gentleman thinks that we
shall not be permitted under this resolution to
rebuild those levees, then I desire to ask whether
it is not an imposition upon the southern peo-
ple to intimate to them that that will be done
in ease they do certain things. For one, I do
not wish to be committed at the present time
to the rebuilding of those levees; nor do I wish
to intimate to those people that if they do cer-
tain things we will rebuild the levees.
Mr. DRIGGS. I will answer the gentle-
man's first question. This resolution will per-
mit Congress, when these States and their peo-
ple shall have returned to perfect loyalty, to
extend to them equal beneficial legislation.
That question being answered, I answer the
second question by saying that the resolution
does not propose any imposition upon the south-
ern people. It simply proposes to extend to
them equal legislation when they shall return
to loyalty.
Mr. Covode and several other members
addressed the Chair.
Mr. DfUGGS. I cannot yield further. I
insist on the call for the previous question.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I desire to inquire of the
Speaker whether, if the previous question be
not sustained, it will not be in order to refer
the resolution ?
The SPEAKER. If the previous question
be not sustained a motion to refer wili, be in
order.
The question being taken on sustaining the
previous question, there were—ayes 80, noes
03 : no quorum voting.
Mr. DRIGGS. As there seems to be a
desire that this resolution shall be referred, I
am willing to consent to its reference ; and I
withdraw my demand for the previous question.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move the reference of
the resolution to the Committee on Recon-
struction.
Mr. BLDR1DGE. I hope that the gentle-
man from Michigan [Mr. Driggs] has not
been induced to consent to the reference of the
resolution by any idea that we on this side of
the House are opposed to it. [Laughter.]
The motion of Mr. ScorruLD was agreed
to; and the resolution was referred to the
Committee on Reconstruction.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. MUNGEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-
mous consent to make a personal explanation.
The SPEAKER. How long?
Mr. MUNGEN. I ask for two minutes.
There was no objection.
Mr. MUNGEN. The point I rise to, sir, is
this: I understood the honorable gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Pile] in his discussion, or
in the remarks which fell from his lips in re-
gard to the printing of certain chapters of a
scientific work 
A Member. Humphrey's Report.
Mr. MUNGEN. Well, sir, he stated that
the sun had been shining for six thousand
years upon the Mississippi river. Inasmuch
as no one questioned the statement then, I
propose to raise the question now. I may in
my ethnological views be in error, but I wish
that the gentleman may be geographically cor-
rect. I ask, therefore, that his statement shall
be specially submitted to the committee. If it
is to go as a fixed fact, then all of our geogra-
phies must stand out of the road. I hope the
matter will be'decided by reference to some
scientific board. [Laughter.]
Mr. PILE. I ask for three minutes.
There was no objection.
Mr. PILE. The gentleman is so absorbed
in his ethnological investigations that he did
not hear, or hearing did not understand, what
I said. I said for about six thousand years
the sun had been shining. I did not say it had.
been shining precisely that length of time. I
ventured no opinion on that subject, not hav-
ing investigated it so minutely. I did not con-
sider it essential to the resolution I proposed.
I hope the gentleman will be appointed a com-
mittee of one to inquire in reference to all the
heavenly bodies, with power to report by bill or
otherwise. [Laughter.]
order of business.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER stated the regular order of
business to be the call of committees for reports.
committee on internal revenue.
Mr. BANKS, from the Committee on the
Rules, submitted an adverse report on the fol-
lowing resolution ; which was laid on the table:
Resolved, That an additional standing committee
of nine members, to be known as the Committee on
Internal Revenue, be appointed as the other stand-
ing committees of this House are appointed, to which
shall be referred all such matters as pertain to the
internal revenue department of the United States.
education.
Mr. BANKS, from the same committee,
reported the following resolution, and de-
manded the previous question:
Resolved, That an additional standing: committee
of nine members, to be known as the Committee on |
Education, be appointed as the other standing com- ,
mittees are appointed, to which shall be referred all I
such matters as pertain to the educational interests |
of the United States. !
Mr. BAKER. I ask the gentleman to yield j
to.me for one moment of explanation. j
Mr. BANKS. I yield for that purpose. i
Mr. BAKER. I desire that the House shall |
be advised of the existing condition of its com- j
mittees in order that they may vote intelli- j
gently and understanding^ upon the very sin- i
gular, and to me unaccountable, report now ;
presented from the Committee on the Rules. On ,
the 21st day of March last this House adopted j
a rule that there should be raised a committee .
of nine members on the subjects of education
and labor, to which committee all resolutions,
reports, and matters relating to education and ;
labor should be referred. Now, what propriety,
what consistency, what logic of reason there is '
in establishing a second committee on educa-
tion is more than I am able to say. We might
as well have here a duplicate of our Committee
on the Pacific Railroad, we might as well have i
a dnplieate of the Judiciary Committee, or of ,
the Committee of Ways and Means. There is
already a committee provided for taking cog-
nizance of and action on this whole matter of
education; and to show I am correct I will send
to the Clerk's desk to be read our procedure
on the subject.
The Clerk read as follows :
committee os education and labor.
Mr. Banks. The Committee on the Rules, to
whom was referred the resolution offered by the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. B.akeb] ior the appoint-
ment of a standing committee on labor, respectfully
report that as the recent establishment of a Depart-
ment of Education seems to render necessary the
organization of a committee on that subject, they
propo&e the adoption of the following rule, upon
which I call the previous question :
"' Rule.—' There shall he appointed at each Con-
gress a Committee on Education and Labor, to con-
feist of nine members, to whom shall be referred all
petitions, bill?, reports, and resolutions on those sub-
jects, and who shall from time to time report thereon.'
"The previous question was seconded, and tho
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the rule was adopted.
"Mr. Basks moved to reconsider the vote bywhicli
therule~was adopted; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
"The latter motion was agreed to."
Mr. BAKER. Mr. Speaker, one more remark
and I am done. It is entirely apparent, then,
that we have % committee already provided,
having explicit charge of all the matters that
are proposed to be conferred upon a committee
yet to be raised, so that if the committee now
proposed shall be appointed, then we shall
have in this House two committees having
charge and jurisdiction of the same subject-
matter, making conflicting reports thereon.
As I stated, I am not able to see what logic or
reason there is for offering this resolution.
There may be some sort of logic in it that I
do not comprehend, but I take it that unless
there be some bearing of the resolution which
has escaped my attention, and to which I woaid
pay attention very respectfully if itis disclosed,
the House will, as a matter of course, reject
this report.
Mr. BANKS. The gentleman from Illinois
labors under a misapprehension as to the effect
of this resolution. It is simply to divide a
committee which was appointed at the last
session, which embraces two subjects, that of
labor and that of education. It was the de.sire
of the gentleman from Illinois at the last ses-
sion that the committee on labor should be a
distinct committee, and the gentlemen who
were interested in the subject of education
desired that that should also be a distinct com-
mittee. The effect of the resolution now re-
ported is to comply with the views of those
gentlemen in both respects ; it is to divide the
Committee on Labor and Education into two
committees, leaving that on labor standing as
provided last session, and providing for another
independent committee on the subject of educs-
tion. If the House should agree to the resolu-
tion now reported, the Committee on the Rules
will then report to the House a rule which will
remove all difficulty arising out of the sugges-
tion of the gentleman from Illinois. I trust
he will not make objection to it. I now demand
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and the question being
taken on the adoption of the resolution, there
were—ayes 31, noes 48; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered : and Messrs. Banks
and Baker were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 28, noes GO.
So the resolution was disagreed to.
Mr. BAKER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was disagreed to; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
call of c05tmittees.
The SPEAKER stated as the next business
in order the call of the committees for reports.
The committees were called and no reports
were made.
indian war.
The SPEAKER laid before the House Sen-
