1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
741
PARDONS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the Souse
the following message from'the President of
the United States:
To the House of Representatives:
I transmit herewith a report from the Attor-
ney General, additional to the report submitted
by him December 31, 1866, and March 2,1867,
in reply to a resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives Of December 10, 1866, requesting
" a list of names of all persons engaged in the
late rebellion against the United States Gov-
ernment who have been pardoned by the Pres-
ident from April 15, 1865, to this date: that
said list shall also state the rank of each per-
son who has been so pardoned, if he has been
engaged in the military service of the late so-
called confederate government, and the posi-
tion, if he shall have held any civil office under
said so-called confederate government; and
shall also further state whether such person has
at any time prior to April 14, 1861, held any
office under the United States Government, and
if so, what office, together with the reasons for
granting such pardon, and also the names of
the person or persons at whose solicitation
such pardon was granted."
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, July 8, 1867.
The message and accompanying documents
were, on motion of Mr. Wilson, of Iowa, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
SUPPLEMENTARY RECONSTRTTCEtOJT ACT.
The SPEAKER. The Chair also lays before
the House a message from the President of the
United States, returning with his objections to
the House in which it originated the bill (H.
R. No. 123) supplementary to an act entitled
"An act to provide for the more efficient gov-
ernment of the rebel States," passed on the 2d
day of March, 1867, and the act supplement-
ary thereto, passed on the 23d day of March,
1867.
The Clerk read the message, as follows:
To the House of Representatives
of the United States :
I return herewith the bill entitled "An act
supplementary to an act entitled 'An act to
provide for the more efficient government of
the rebel States,' passed on the 2d day of
March, 1867, and the act supplementary thereto
passed on the 23d day of March, 1867," and
will stale as briefly as possible some of the
reasons which prevent me from giving it my
approval.
This is one of a series of measures passed by
Congress during the last four months on the
subject of reconstruction. The message return-
ing the act of the 2d of March last states at
length my objections to the passage of that
measure. They apply equally well to the bill
now before me, and I am content merely to
refer to them and to reiterate my conviction
that they are sound and unanswerable.
There are some points peculiar to this bill
which 1 will proceed at once to consider.
The first section proposes to declare "the
true intent and meaning" in some particulars
of tlie two prior acts upon this subject. It is
declared that the intent of those acts was:
First, that the existing governments in the
ten "rebel States" "were not legal State gov-
ernments;" and
Second, " that thereafter said governments,
if continued, were to be continued subject in
all respects to the military commanders of the
respective districts and to the paramount au-
thority of Congress."
Congress may, by a declaratory act, fix upon
a prior act a construction altogether at vari-
ance with its apparent meaning, and from the
time, at least, when such construction is fixed
the original act wilt be construed to mean ex-
actly what it is stated to mean by the declaratory
statute. There will be then, from the time this
bill may become a law no doubt, no question as
to the relation in which the "existing govern-
ments 1' in those States, called in the original
act "the provisional governments," stand to-
ward the military authority. As those relations
stood before the declaratory act, these "gov-
ernments," it is true, were made subject to
absolute military authority in many important
respects, but not in all, the language of the act
being " subject to the military authority of the
United States, as hereinafter prescribed." By
the sixth section of the original act these gov-
ernments were made '' in all respects subject to
the paramount authority of the United States."
Now, by this declaratory act it appears that
Congress did not, by the original act, intend
to limit the military authority to any particu-
lars or subjects therein "prescribed," but
meant to make it universal. Thus over all
these ten States this military government is
now declared to have unlimited authority. It
is no longer confined to the preservation of
the public peace, the administration of crim-
inal law, the registration of voters, and the
superintendence of elections; but "in all
respects" is asserted to be paramount to the
existing civil governments.
It is impossible to conceive any state of
society more intolerable than this, and yet it is
to this condition that twelve million Amer-
ican citizens are reduced by the Congress of
the United States. Over every foot of the
immense territory occupied by these American
citizens the Constitution of the United States
is theoretically in full operation. It binds all
t.he people there, and should protect them, yet
they are denied every one of its sacred guar-
antees.
Of what avail will it be to any one of these
southern people when seized by a file of sol-
diers to ask for the cause of arrest or for the
production of the warrant? Of what avail to
ask for the privilege of bail when in military
custody, which knows no such thing as bail?
Of what avail to demand a trial by jury, pro-
cess for witnesses, a copy of the indictment,
the privilege of counsel, or that greater privi-
lege, the writ of habeas corpus 1
The veto of the original bill of the 2d of March
was based on two distinct grounds, the inter-
ference of Congress in matters strictly apper-
taining to the reserved powers of the States,
and the establishment of military tribunals for
the trial of citizens in time of peace. The im-
partial reader of that message will understand
that all that it contains with respect to military
despotism and martial law lias reference espe-
cially to the fearful power conferred on the
district commanders to displace the criminal
courts and assume jurisdiction to try and to
punish by military boards; that, potentially,
the suspension of the habeas corpus was mar-
tial law and military despotism. The act now
before me not only declares that the intent was
to confer such military authority, but also to
confer unlimited military authority over all the
other courts of the State, and over all the offi-
cers of the State, legislative, executive, and
judicial. Not content with the general grant
of power, Congress, in the second section of
this bill, specifically gives to each military com-
mander the power "to suspend or remove from
office, or from the performance of official duties
and the exercise of official powers, any officer
or person holding or exercising, or professing
to hold or exercise any civil or military office
or duty in such district, under any power, elec-
tion, appointment, or authority derived from
or granted by, or claimed under any so-called
State or the government thereof, or any muni-
cipal or other division thereof."
A power that hitherto all the departments
of the Federal Government, acting in concert
or separately, have not dared to exercise is
here attempted to bo conferred on a subordi-
nate military officer. To him, as a military
officer of the Federal Government, is given
the power, supported by " a sufficient military
force," to remove every civil officer of the
State. What next? Tire district commander
who has thus displaced the'civil officer is
authorized to fill the vacancy by the detail of
an officer or soldier of the Array, or by the
appointment "of some other person.'' This
military appointee, whether an officer, a sol-
dier, or "some other person," is to perform
"the duties of such officer or person so
suspended or removed." In other words, an
officer or soldier of the Army is thus trans-
formed into a civil officer. He may be made
a governor, a legislator, or a judge. How-
ever unfit he may deem himself for such civil
duties he must obey the order. The officer
of the Army must, if " detailed," go upon the
supreme bench of the State with the same
prompt obedience as if he were detailed to go
upon a court-martial. The soldier, if detailed
to act as a justice of the peace, must obey as
quickly as if he were detailed for picket duty.
What is the character of such a military-civil
officer ? This bill declares that he shall per-
form the duties of the civil office to which he is
detailed. It is clear, however, that he does
not lose his position in the military service.
He is still an officer or soldier of the Army;
he is still subject to the rules and regulations
which govern it, and must yield due deference,
respect, and obedience toward his superiors.
The clear intent of this section is that the
officer or soldier detailed "to fill a civil office
must execute his duties according to the laws
of the State. If he is appointed a Governor
of a State he.is to execute the duties as pro-
vided by the laws of that State, and for the
time being his military character is to be sus-
pended in his new civil capacity. If he is
appointed a State treasurer he must at once
assume the custody and disbursement of the
funds of the State, and must perform those
duties precisely according to the laws of the
State; for he is intrusted with no other official
duty op other official power. Holding the office
of treasurer, and intrusted with funds, it hap-
pens that he is required by the State laws to
enter into bond with security, and to take an
oath of office; yet from the beginning of the
bill to the end there is no provision for any
bond or oath of office, or for any single quali-
fication required under the State law, such as
residence, citizenship, or anything else. The
only oath is that provided for in the ninth sec-
tion, by the terms of which every one detailed
or appointed to any civil office in the State is
required '* to take and to subscribe the oath of
office prescribed by law for officers of the United
States." Thus an officer of the Army of the
United States detailed to fill a civil office in
one of these States gives no official bond and
takes no official oath for the performance of
his new duties, but, as a civil officer of the State,
only takes the same oath which he had already
taken as a military officer of the United States.
He is, at last, a military officer performing
civil duties, and the authority under which he
acts is Federal authority only: and the inevit-
able result is that the Federal Government, by
the agency of its own sworn officers, in effect
assumes the civil government of the State.
A singular contradiction is apparent here.
Congress declares these local State govern-
ments to be illegal governments, and then pro-
vides that these illegal governments shall be
carried on by Federal officers, who are to per-
form the very duties imposed on its own offi-
cers by this illegal State authority. It certainly
would be a novel spectacle if Congress should
attempt to carry on a legal State government
by the agcncy of its own officers. It is yet more
strange that Congress attempts to sustain and
carry on an illegal State government by the
same Federal agency.
In this connection I must call attention to
the tenth and eleventh sections of the bill, which
provide that none of the officers or appointees
of these military commanders " shall be bound
in his action by any opinion of any civil officer
of the United States," and that all the provis-
ions of the act " shall be construed liberally,
to the'end that all the intents thereof may be
fully and perfectly carried out."
It seems Congress supposed that this bill
might require construction, and they fix, there-
fore, the rule to be applied. But where is the
construction to come from ? Certainly no one
: can be more in want of instruction than a sol-
