744
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 19;
when he appointed them that they eould not
take the oath without adding perjury to the
other crimes then resting upon their souls, at
once provokes and demands the exercise of
the highest and gravest duty of this House.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask the gentlemen to
yield to me.
Mr. BOUTWELL., Not at tjhis moment. I
will say what I have to say and then leave the
matter in the hands of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.]
Mr. Speaker, I do not propose to go o.ver
the arguments contained in this veto message.
But we are sentinels here oil th,e watch-tower
of freedom. We see the principles of liberty
assailed through the President. Vain appeals
he makes to the people to sustain him in the
struggle. The- people, will stand by the con-
stitutional authorities of the .country; but
whether we stand or fall in this contest it is
our duty to resist these usurpations. It is
true we can endure these violations of law,
of the Constitution, and of right for eighteen
months more. England might have endured
James II, and the American colonies might
have endured George III, but for themselves
and their posterity they demanded the con-
stitutional rights of freemen, and those
rights they secured. We have witnessed gross
executive usurpation for a.period of twepty-
four months, usurpations which set at defiance
the laws of the land and constitutional author-
ity of Congress, while we sit here questioning
whether we will devote a few months' time to
the examination of the great charges already
publicly made against this offender of the law,
Constitution, and of the Union of the States.
While we debate here onr constitutional pow-
ers are wrested from us. While we consider
and delay, precedents are established by which
other men not worse than this man will find
authority for invading public rights in other
years and in other ages. Our duty as we love
our country, as we contemplate the judgment
that posterity will pass upon us, is clear. That
duty is to investigate fairly, fully, faithfully,
and without delay the charges .that are made
against the Executive of the country. If in
the judgment of the House the charges are
sustained, then let us proceed to arraign him
deliberately and' promptly, prosecuting the
alleged offender according to the forms estab-
lished by law and precedent. If Mr. John-
eon's constitutional term be shortened by the
judgment of the Senate for a day only liberty
will be preserved to the country, and mankind
through centuries will bless that people whose
Representatives had the courage to -arraign a
usurper of power, to demand justice for the
weak and the oppressed, to preserve the Con-
stitution with its original vigor unimpaired, to
protect liberty, and to transmit popular rights
to other ages.
Mr. RANDALL. Will my colleague yield?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. For how
leng?
Mr. RANDALL. Only a moment.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I will.
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Speaker, it is seldom
that I intrude upon the House, but I desire to
say to that Massachusetts impeaeher that I
have no faith in the bluster about impeach-
ment of which we hear so much. You do not
mean impeachment, gentlemen, for you. do not
dare to do it.
The SPEAKER. There is too much noise
in the House.
Mr. RANDALL. My only purpose was to
ask the gentlemen on the other side to impeach
the President if they are ready.
Mr. BUTLER. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania yield.
Several Members. Oh no; let us have the
vote.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I yield
to_ the gentleman from Massachusetts fifteen
minutes.
Mr. P.RUYN". I would like to be allowed a
few minutes also.
Mr. BUTLER. I would not ask the House
to pause in what we all understand to be our
primary duty if the message which we_^ have
just heard did not seem to me to require an
observation, first, upon its tone, and secondly,
as to some of its assertions of fact.
I do. not propose dealing with the general
argument, but 1 do protest in the name of this
House and the people against the executive
calumny of the Congress of the United States
in the declaration in an official paper, which by
the Constitution we must enter upon our Jour-
nal; that Congress has fastened by its action a
despotism upon twelve million people of this
country more intolerable than was ever con-
ceived of to be borne by any other people. I
give the exact words of the message:
" It is impossible to conceive any state of society
more intolerable than this, and yet it is to this con-
dition that twelve million American citizens are
reduced by the Congress of the United States."
Either that is true or it is false. If true, we
are unworthy of our places here; if false, the
man who makes the charge ought not to hold
his place a single hour longer than the neces-
sary steps can-be taken to remove him from it.
I agree that the gentleman from. Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Randall] has just uttered a truth
in his remark that we dare nat impeach the
President: we dare not do our duty in this
respect. With shame and confusion of "face I
for one confess the truth and justice of that
accusation to the country. The question is,
How soon shall wo be ready to do our duty ?
How soon shall we meet this disturber of the
peace of the country in the manner pointed
out by the Constitution? When shall we say
to him, as did the orator of Rome to a like
conspirator against, the Government, Quousque
tandem, abutere nostra patientia, Catalina ?
How long shall we remain here idle and
patient to be charged with enacting laws that
work despotism in this country?
_ But, sir, passing from this, in the little time
given me I desire to call attention to one or two
assertions of fact in this message ; and I do it
not because they are r.ow made for the first
time by the President, but because never in
this place, so far si 1 know, have they been
met and the proof demanded.
The charge of the message is that this Con-
gress has deelnred these rebel State govern-
ments illegal with one breath while we have
sustained thom as valid with another; and the
President instances several occasions where
we have spoken of these former States in our
legislation as States and then proceeds to argue
that therefore we have affinned their legal exist-
ence as States in the Union. The answer is
that this has been done only as a matter of
convenience in reorganizing these forfeited
governments and in restoring their rights lost
in war. The President claims further that
Congress has recognized these States as exist-
ing by sending propositions of constitutional
amendment to be ratified by them. I praythe
judgment of this House. Show me any law,
any phrase of a law, wherein Congress has
directed any one of the propositions of consti-
tutional amendment to be ratified by one of
these States. We sent out amendments to be
ratified by the States of the United States, and
his Secretary of State, to support the execu-
tive policy and to strengthen his construction
that these rebel unreconstructed States are
loyal States in the Union, sent the constitu-
tional amendment in regard to the abolition of
slavery for ratification to those so-called States,
erected by executive order and by no other
power whatever, and then argues that Congress
is concluded by this expedient from denying
their legal existence.
Again, the President says that we have pro-
vided for and the Senate has confirmed the
appointment of judges for these States, and
therefore Congress has recognized them as
States in the Union. I once more take issue
on the fact. We have provided forjudges and
district attorneys of the United States in cer-
tain districts theretofore declared and defined
by law, and not for any State judges whatever.
Our legislation has been for United States offi-
cers and not for State officers.
Again, we are told that the Supreme Court
has recognized these States in assigning their
circuits by choosing the boundaries oi these
States as designations of their limits. But
this was done for convenience of designation,
only.
Again, it is said that the Supreme Court
of the United States has recognized these
States by holding a court by its Chief Justice
in the State of North Carolina. He held a
court in the territorial district assigned to him
without any reference to the question whether
the State of North Carolina was in existence
or not, and it would have been equally his duty
to have held that court whether the State of
North Carolina as a State had legal existence
or not.
And among the first opinions that the Chief
Justice delivered in that circuit show conclu-
sively that he by no means recognized the State
of North Carolina except as a State which hacj
been in rebellion, and had not yet been brought
back into the Union; whose laws enacted by
the State were void, and whose people had for-
feited all their rights to act as a State organi-
zation. Nor has there been any such recogni-
tion by the Supreme Court, because they have
allowed eases to be placed or remained on their
dockets from the various district and circuit
courts held either before or since the war within
the limits of those States. Those courts made
judgments whigh were to be revived on appeal
in tho Supreme Court of the United States,
and in none of those questions of appeal had
the question arisen as to the existence of those
States. The State of Mississippi, indeed, under-
took to bring a bill in equity against the offi-
cers of the United States, and thereupon the
Supreme Court of the United States made a
formal adjudication, so far as anything was de-
cided, that the State of Mississippi, as a State
of this Union, had no standing in the Supremo
Court of the United States, and so far fn.;a
sustaining the assertions of this message that
decision was entirely opposed to them.
One further observation and I shall have met
all I now desire to answer in this message. The
President declares that no part of these south-
ern States ever became the property of the Uni-
ted States by conquest. I cannot for one allow
that statement to go unchallenged.. Every "foot
of land, whether it originally belonged to the
United States or others, and which by the powe?
of its armswas repossessed by the United States
from the armed control of its public enemies,
belongs to the United States as a conquest; and
to say that title by conquest only pertains to
personal property is to ignore the entire law
of nations. While it has not been usual in con-
quering nations, to assume a proprietary right
in the property of the conquered either real
or personal, I think I may challenge the Presi-
dent to point out in the entire body of writers
on public law or the rights of war of a single
line in which there is any denial that the right
of property may be thus acquired. I ask the
consideration of the House whether or not this
right of conquest is not, a perfect one, to be
exorcised, in the judgment of the eonquerer,
in mercy or clemency or in justice or a full
assumption of right? We have chosen in our
eotiquered territory not yet to take into our
possession the property or lands, with certain
exceptions, which the valor of our soldiers has
won i but the right to so do siill remains to us ;
and justice may yet compel us to exercise that
right for the safety and well-being of the coun-
try.
Having brought to the attention of the House
these misstatements of focts and wrong con-
clusions of law, I am ready for one to voto
this bill shall become a law, notwithstanding  
the objections of the President, and leave the
President to determine whether he will exe-
cute it or refuse to do so, as he threatens; and
then see whether the House of Representatives
will bring him, for this and his former vie la-
tions of the Constitution and usurpation of
