746
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 195,
Randall,] that you cannot impeach the Pres-
ident of the United States; and I say-to our
friends on this side who are urging that meas-
ure that they are urging it in vain. The vote the
other day upon my motion clearly shows that.
Without attempting to go into disclosures, I
undertake to say that there are unseen agen-
cies at work, invisible powers operating-every;
where in this country which when called upon
can and will protect a man of that kind from
all danger. I have taken some pains to look
into the position. of this House and of the
Senate and am quite sure that there is power
enough, first to prevent the voting of impeach-
ment here, and secqndly, if impeachment were
voted, to prevent conviction elsewhere.
I have said this much, hoping we shall hear
no more of any attempt to urge impeachment,
a vain and futile thing, on the panoply of sol-
diers dressed in armor which surround the
White House.
Now, sir, a single word with regard to the
condition of the country. The President starts
by asserting what, if true, makes out all the
rest of his argument legitimately. He says
that the Constitution of the United States is
theoretically operative in the conquered south-
ern States. If that were true, then all we have
been doing is rank usurpation, and all he has
been doing is legitimate action. I deny that
the Constitution is theoretically or. actually in
operation in any one of those States any more
than it is in a Territory.
Let me say here—and I am sorry to say it—
that not all of our statesmen, profound as they
are, not all our judges, even the most learned
of them, seem to have looked sufficiently deep
into the law of nations to understand the true
condition of a conquered people. And yet
how long would it take to fefute all that has
been said and all that can be urged against our
absolute power over these provinces as con-
quered belligerents, whose whole property we
own and may dispose of as we please? A
slight examination, if his Excellency will begin
and patch "p his knowledge upon this subject,
will be sufficient. One page of Grotius, one
half chapter or lecture of Rutherford, one page
of Vattel, and even less from that last, best, and
tersest of publicists, Sargent VVildman, must
convince every man who will give up his preju-
dice in regard to the States being of a mongrel
character, part in and part out of the Union,
that they are conquered territory of the United
States. That being the ease, all the rest of
reconstruction is as easy as any problem in
Euclid.
Now, sir, while I could hope that all our-
people would examine this matter thoroughly
before they pass upon it, yet 1 cannot deny
that we are in some measure responsible both
through our statesmen, publicists, and judi-
ciary, for the errors under which the White
House is laboring, and that we are without the
same excuse that lie has. Many of our peo-
ple have relied upon Blackstone and upon
VVheaton. They have made it their business
to study ancient and modern publicists while
the occupant of the White House was engaged
in a very laudable business not much calcula-
ted to instruct that end #f the human frame.
[Laughter.] Therefore I make allowance and
indulgence for the error of that amiable gentle-
man, and I trust that my friends will not con-
sider me arrogant in suggesting as I have done
the study^ of the authorities on this subject,
.with the view of ascertaining the true position
of our country .and the building up of our
nation so that it may last through all time. I
now call the previous question.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask the gentle-
man to yield to me for about five minutes. I
do not think that I shall occupy even that time.
Mr. PRUYN. I have already made a like
request.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I suggest to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania that two mem-
bers of the .fadiciary have already been heard.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. If the
House will not object, I will yield five minutes
to the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Pruyn,]
and then five minutes-to the gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr. Wilson.] It is only fair that I
Should do so, if I yield to the gentleman from
Iowa.
The SPEAKER-. That will require an ex-
tension of five minutes to. the time of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania. Is there objections-
Mr. LOAN. I object.-
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. If the previous
question be not sustained, will not further
debate be in order ?
The SPEAKER. Two thirds can suspend
the rules, to enable the debate to continue. -
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. If the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] will yield
me the floor now, I will renew his demand for
the previous question.
Mr. STEVENS,' of Pennsylvania. No, sir;
I will move to suspend, the rules to enable me
to yield first, five minutes to the gentleman
trom New York, [Mr. Pruyn,] and then five
minutes to the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Wilson.]
The question was taken, and (two thirds
voting in favor thereof) the rules were sus-
pended.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I yield
now to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Pruyn.]
Mr. PRUYN. Mr. Speaker, as I was not
in attendance on this House at the time the dis-
cussion took place in regard to this bill, I do
not know what arguments were urged in its
favor, or what reasons were given why it
should not pass. I propose, therefore, to say
nothing about the merits of the bill in gen-
eral, but to rfotice some of the very extraor-
dinary things which have developed them-
selves in the very unexpected debate which
has just taken place. And let ice begin
first with the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens.] I agree with him entirely
as to those first principles which lie at the
foundation of international law to which he
has referred, and I agree with him that the
authors that he has named are authorities not
to be disregarded, but whose opinions are con-
clusive on the question before the< House.
But the difficulty in regard to the question before
us is this: in the Thirty-Eighth Congress the
gentleman announced what I believed and
the country believed to be a startling position,
that by reason of the proclamation of the
President the war had become a war between
nationalities, that henceforth it was a struggle
between two great nations, and that the conquer-
ing party had aright to do with the conquered
what it pleased. That was in the face of the
solemn declaration of Congress, almost unani-
mously passed after the first battle of Bull
Ilun, that it was not a war between nationali-
ties, that it was a war to enforce the provisions
of the Constitution, acknowledging all the
rights of the States, and declaring that as
soon as the struggle should be terminated,
these States should be restored to their rela-
tions to the Union.
In regard to the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Boutwell,] we know that this
subject of impeachmenthas been so thoroughly
embodied in his mind that upon no occasion
does he fail to present it to the House.
We are here called upon to discharge a
solemn duty under the Constitution—to declare
whether, notwithstanding the reasons which
the President of the United States has assigned
against the passage of this bill, it shall become
a law. Instead of considering this question
the gentleman from Massachusetts has favored
us with the reasons why, in his opinion, the
President should be impeached. Some of
those reasons, I believe, he has attempted to
draw from the language of the message which
has been read to-day. But, sir, how does that
message close? After the President has said
to this House and to the world that this act is
an outrage upon the Constitution and a viola-
tion of the great principles of liberty, what
does he tell you? To what does he appeal?
He appeals to the ballot-box. Is the gentle-
man from Massachusetts afraid of that? He
may well be ; for it will tell a story utterly at
variance with the views which the gentleman
entertains.
Now, sir, a part of thatspeech would have
been very proper in a political electioneering
contest; a part of it would have suited very
well the era, of the French Revolution. "Btit it
does not befit the temper of our times, if therG
be left any respect for the principles of consti-
tutional liberty, that a gentleman occupying
the position of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts should come in here and under such cir-
cumstances promulgate and urge the views
•which he has presented to the House to-day.
Now, sir, who is to judge of the constitution-
ality of an enactment? The executive is one
of those branches of Government that are to
pass upon the acts of this Congress. Where
does the gentleman get his idea that the action
of Congress in passing an act makes it the
supreme law of the land ? There is no such
declaration to be found in the Constitution.
There is no authority for such a position. The
Constitution simply declares that if a law bo
passed "in pursuance" of the Constitution,
then it shall be the supreme law of the land.
Who is to judge of that?
The SPEAKER. The five minutes of the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Pruyn"] have
expired. The gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Wilson] is entitled to the floor for five min-
utes.
Mr. PRUYN. I am very sorry that I am
not permitted to finish the presentation of the
thought I was endeavoring to express.
_Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I
did not intend to occupy one moment of the
time of the House on this question until it
seemed to be rendered necessary by the singu-
lar course which has been pursued by two of
my colleagues on the Judiciary Committee,
and by some of the remarks which have fallen
from the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stevens.]
1 will not pretend to be conversant with all
the law and all the history of England and of
this country relative to impeachment, though
I have studied both with some care. It may
be, sir, that I do not understand the subject
as perfectly as my learned colleague on the
committee, the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Williams.] I do not pretend to be infal-
lible. He has asserted that he knows all of
law and history concerning this subject; and
when a man thinks he knows all concerning
any subject he will never learn anything more.
He has given us his conclusion upon this case
in a style exctied and positive. I do not intend,
sir, to enter upon the discussion of the merits
of this case at all. This is not the right time,
nor can the subject be properly entered upon
until the evidence shall have been presented to
the House for its consideration. When tne
House of Representatives charged the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary with the investigation
of this case, I did not understand that it was
for the purpose of having it disposed of as a
partisan on question.
I understood that so far as the reference of
the subject imposed an obligation upon me as
a member of the committee, it was to investi-
gate fearlessly and faithfully the subject, not
merely as a member of the Republican party,
but as a member of the Law Committee of the
House of Representatives. I have pursued the
investigation with that view and in that spirit,
and I affirm here to-day that no amouut of
political pressure shall turn me aside from a
conscientious discharge of the duty thus im-
posed. I will be controlled by the law and
the facts, and by nothing else. [Applause.]
I have no sympathy with the course of political
conduct which has been pursued by the Presi-
dent of the United States. He is not entitled
to my sympathy or respect in this regard ; but,
sir, he is entitled to have the charges made
against him determined according to law, and
to have the case decided as the facts and the
law warrant and demand. The lowest criminal
may demand this, and the President is entitled
to the benefit of this rule.
