1867.
Till CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
74?
The gentleman from Pennsyl vania [Mr. ste'
tens] has said that there are secret influences
at work in this matter. Sir, it is very easy for
any man to cast suspicion upon others when
it becomes necessary to do so in order to carry
by force of party organization anything which
he may desire to invest with success. 1 do not
know to what influences the gentleman referred.
The gentleman says that secret influences will
not only control the action of members of this
House, but will control the judgment of mem-
bers of the Senate sitting as a high court of
impeachment nnderthe solemnity of their oaths
as judges. Sir, is every man to be denounced
because he cannot look upon questions just as
some other men view them? Is every man to
be hounded down because he will not sur-
render the right of private judgment and fol-
low men regardless of law and the directions
of conscience ? Have we come to that, sir ?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I now
demand the previous question, and ask for the
vote.
The previous question was seconded, and
the main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. The question is, Will the
House on reconsideration agree to the passage
of House bill No. 123, entitled "An act sup-
plementary to an act entitled 'An act to pro-
vide for the more efficient government of the
rebel States,' " passed on the 2d day of March,
1807, and the act supplementary thereto,
passed on the 23d day of March, 1867, not-
withstanding the objections of the President
to the contrary?' By the Constitution the vote
must be taken by yeas and nays.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 108, nays 25,
not voting 33 ; as follows :
TEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, James
M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Beaman, Benja-
min, Benton, Bingham, Blair, Boutwell, Bromwoll,
Broomall, Buckland, Butler, Churchill, Reader W.
Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Ooburn, Cook, Cornell,
Covode, Cullom, Dawes, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs,
Farnsworth, Ferrias, Ferry, Fields. Finney, Gravely,
Halsey, Hamilton, Hayes, Hill, Hooper, Hopkins,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, Hunter,
Ingorsoll, Jenckes, Jiuld, Julian, Kelley, Kelsey,
Ketcham, Kitchen, Koontz, George V. Lawrence,
William Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Logan, Lough-
ridge, McClurg, Mercur, Miller, Moore, Moorhead,
Morroll, Myers, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Pike,
Pilo, Poland, Polsley, Price, Itaum, Robertson, Saw-
yer, Schenck, Scofield, Selye, Shanks, Smith, Aaron
F. Stevens, Xhaddous Stevens, Taffe, Taylor, Thomas,
Trowbridge, Twichell, Upson, Van Aernam.Burt Van
Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Wyck, Ward, Cad-
waiader 0. Washburn, Henry D. Washburn, William
B. Washburn, Welker, Thomas WiUiams, William
Williams, James F. Wilson, John T. Wilson,Stephen
F. Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—10S.
NAYS — Messrs. Adams, Archer, Barnes, Boyer,
Brooks, Eldridgc, Getz, Glossbrenner, Haight, Hol-
man, Hotchkiss, Kerr, Marshall, Mungen, Niblaek,
Nicholson, Noell, Phelps, Pruyn,.Randall,Robinson,
Ross. Stone, Von Auken, and Van Trump—25.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Delos R.Ashley, Barnum,
Blaine. Burr, Cake, Chanler, Dodge, Eckley, Eggles-
ton, Ela, Eliot, Fox, Garfield, Griswold, Harding,
Richard D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Humphrey, Laflin,
Lvnch, Mallory, Marvin, McCarthy, McCulIough,
Morgan, Morrissey, Newcomb, Peters, Plants, Pome-
roy, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Spalding, Stark-
weather, Stewart, Tabor, and Wood—33,
During the call the following statements were
made:
Mr. PERHAM announced that his colleagues
Mr. Lynch and Mr. Peters were paired with
Mr. Fox, of New York, and that if present they
would vote in the affirmative.
Mr. MARSHALL stated that his colleague,
Mr. Burr, was detained at his room by severe
indisposition, and that if present he would
vote in the negative.
Mr. CHURCHILL stated that his colleague,
Mr. Hulburd, was paired with Mr. Taber, and
that if present he would vote in the affirmative.
Mr. ROBINSON announced at the request
of his colleague, Mr. Chanler, that if present
he would vote no.
Mr. PLANTS said: Mr. Speaker, my col-
league, Mr. Shellabarger, made an arrange-
ment to pair with my other colleague, General
Morgan ; and as it requires two votes for one
on this question, I agreed to be the other. I
would have voted in the affirmative, and so
would Mr. Shellabarger.
Mr. MORGAN. And I would have voted I
in the negative.
The SPEAKER then announced that two
thirds having voted in the affirmative the bill
had, notwithstanding the objections of the
President, again passed and would, with the
President's objections, be transmitted to the
Senate for like consideration.
committee os pay department.
The SPEAKER announced that he had
appointed the following as the Committee on
the Pay Department: Mr. Lincoln, Mr. Sco-
field, Mr. Cobb, Mr. Buokland, and Mr.
IIoLMAN. .
equal rights.
The SPEAKER then laid before the House
the amendment of the Senate to the amend-
ment of the House to Senate bill No. 37, for
the further security of equal rights in the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
The Clerk read as follows:
Add at the end of said amendment as follows:
Sec. 2, And be it further enacted, That the supreme
court of the District of Columbia, sitting for the
trial of crimes and misdemeanors, be, and is hereby,
authorized to order, drawn from the jury-box pro-
vided for that purpose and in the manner provided
by law, the necessary grand and petit juries for the
general term of the criminal court for the year of
our Lord 1867.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Unless that is con-
curred in there will be no way by which the
criminal court of this District can until the
the coming year have grand and petit juries.
I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment.was concurred in.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the amendment was
concurred in; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
sympathy with crete.
The SPEAKER laid before the House
joint resolution of the Senate No. 63, declar-
ing sympathy with the suffering people of
Crete; which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. BANKS. I desire action on that reso-
lution now.
The joint resolution was read, as follows :
Resolved by the Senate and Howie of Representa-
tives, &c., That the people of the United States feel
a strong sympathy with the people of Crete, consti-
tuting a part of the Greek family to which civiliza-
tion owes so much; that they are pained by the
report of the present sufferings of those interesting
people, and they unite in the hope that this declara-
tion, whieh they feel it their duty to make, will be
favorably considered by the Government of Turkey
in determining its policy toward Crete.
Sec. 2. And be it further llesolved. That it shall be
the duty of tho President of the United States to
communicate this resolution to the Government of
Turkey.
Mr. BANKS. I presume there will be no
objection to this.
The joint resolution was read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled joint resolution.
Mr. IIOLMAN, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled a joint
resolution (H. R. No. 28) authorizing exten-
sions of the mail steamship seryice between
the United States and China and Japan; when
the Speaker signed the same.
government of the army.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce for present consideration a joint
resolution concerning the government ot' the
Army of the United States.
The resolution was read, as follows :
Be it resohedby the Senate and House of Representa-
tives, <i-c., That no distrietor departmenteouimnnder
shall bo relieved from the command heretofore as-
signed to and now exercised by him without the
adviee and consent of the Senate, unless the chango
of command be, recommended by the General com-
manding th-e Army.
Mr. ROSS and Mr. RANDALL objected.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move to suspend the
rules.
Mr. NIBLACK. Oh that I call the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in. the affirmative—yeas 96, nays 24, not vot-
ing 50; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, JamesM.
Ashley, Baker, Banks, Beaman, Benjamin, Benton,
Blair, Boutwell. Broomall, Buckland, Butler. Chur-
chill, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Co-
burn, Cook, Covode, Cullom, Dawes, Dixon, Don-
nelly, Driggs, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields,
Gravely,Halsey, Hamilton, Hayes, Hooper, Chester D.
Hubbard, Hunter Ihgersoll, Jenckes, Judd, Julian,
Kelley, Kelsey, Ketcham, Kitchen, Koontz, George
V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Lincoln. Loan,
Logan, Loughridge, McClurg, Mercur, Miller, Moore,
Moorhead, Morrell, Myers, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Per-
ham, Pike, Plants, Poland, Polsley, Raum, Robert-
son, Sawyer, Sehenck, Scofield, Shanks, Aaron F.
Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens, Taffe, Taylor, Thomas,
Trowbridge, Twichell, Upson, Van Aernam.Burt Van
Horn, Robert T. V"b.n Horn, Van Wyek, Ward, Uad-
walader C.Washburn, Henry D.Washburn, William
B. Washburn, Welker, Xkomag Williams, William
Williams, James F. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Win-
dom, and W oodbridge—96.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Barnes, Boyer,
Brooks. Eldridge, Getz, Glossbrenner, Haight, Hol-
man, Kerr, Marshall, Mungen, Niblaek, Nicholson,
Noell, Phelps, Pruyn, Randall, Robinson, Ross,
Stone, Van Auken, and Van Trump—24.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Delos it. Ashley, Bald-
win, Barnum, Bingham, Blaine, Bromweli, Burr,
Cake, Chanler, Cornell, Dodge, Eckley, Eggleston,
Ela, Eliot, Finney, Fox, Garfield, Griswold,Harding,
Hill.Hopkins, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Rich-
ard D.Hubbard,Hulburd, Humphrey, Laflin, Lynch,
Mallory, Marvin, McCarthy, McCullough, Morgan,
Morrissey, Neweomb, Peters, Pile, Ponieroy, Price,
Selye, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Smith, Spalding,
Starkweather, Stewart, Taber, Stephen F. Wilson,
and Wood—50.
So the rules were suspended.
During the roll-call,
Mr. HAYES stated that his colleague, Mr.
Bingham, had just left ou account of sickness.
message from the president,
A message was received from the President
of the United States, by W. G. Moore, his
Private Secretary, returning to the House of
Representatives with his objections thersto
the joint resolution of the House to carry into
effect the several acts providing for the more
efficient government of the rebel States.
reconstruction appropriation.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
message of the President, just received, which
was read, as follows:
To the House, of Representatives:
For reasons heretofore stated in my several
veto messages to Congress upon the subject of
reconstruction, I return without my approval
the joint resolution to carry into effect tne sev-
eral acts providing for the more efficient gov-
ernment of the rebel States, and appropriating
for that purpose the sum of SI,000,1100.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, D. C., July 19, 1867.
The SPEAKER. The question is, Will the
House on reconsideration agree to the passage
of this bill, the objections of the President to
the contrary notwithstanding?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I demand
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. The question must be
taken by yeas and nays.
The question was taken: and there were—
yeas 100, nays 22, not voting 48 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, James M.
Ashley, Baker, Banks, Beaman, Benjamin, Benton,
Blair, Boutwell, Bioomall, Buckland, Butler, Chur-
chill, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Co-
burn, Cook, Cornell, Covode, Cullom, Dawes, Dixon,
Donnelly, Driggs, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields,
Finney, Gravely, Halsey, Hamilton, llajcs, Hill,
Hooper, Chester D. Hubbard, liunter, Ingeuoll,
Jenckes, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kelsey, Keteh.im,
Kitchen, Koontz,George Y. Lawrence, William Law-
rence, Lincoln, Loan, Logan, Loughridge, MeClurg,
\ Mercur, Miller, Moore, Moorheful, Moirel], Myers,
\ O'Neill, Orth. Pame, Pcrhaiu, Pike, Pile, Poland,
i Polsley, Raum, Robertson, lawyer, Schcuck, Scofield,
