754
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 20,
and which has called us together .now; and I
derive this conviction from the very strong and
emphatic and menacing language contained in
the veto message upon which we acted yester-
day.
The President tells us in that message,
speaking of his power - over the military com-
manders, that "it is to be feared that these
military officers," that is, the officers who are
to be appointed in the rebel States, " looking
to thg authority given by these laws, rather"
than to the letter of the Constitution, will
recognize no authority but the commander of
the district and the General of the Army."
In a preceding passage He takes still higher
ground, and says : " The Constitution, in order
to carry out this power," that is, the power to
see that the laws are faithfully execufed,
"gives him (the President) the. choice of
the agents, and makes them subject to his con-
trol and supervision." Here is a claim of ex-
ecutive power that transcends anything that I
have ever seen, even in an executive message
- from the present incumbent.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me to make a remark to him ?  
Mr. HOWARD. I shall occupy the time
of the Senate but for a moment, and the Sen-
ator will pardon me if I decline to be inter-
rupted. Here, sir, is very plainly an announce-
ment of the purpose of the President to inter-
fere with the appointments that may be made
by the military commanders in the five mili-
tary districts; and in case of disobedience on
their part to his will to interfere by what he
calls his constitutional power, and either to
remove the commanders themselves from their
places or to do something worse.
Sir, I have seen nothing in any of the exec-
utive messages which is so menacing, so revo-
lutionary, and in my solemn judgment so uncon-
stitutional and so treasonable as is contained
in this passage which I have read. If there
ever was a time when it was the duty of Con-
gress to be in an attitude to check the progress
of usurpation, this is the occasion. I very much
regret that the committee of conference have
come to the conclusion to which they have
arrived, for I foresee in it difficulties such as
we have not thus far encountered; and let me
say, with all respect to the honorable Senator
from New York, I think he is mistaken in his
prophetic view of the next four and a half
months. Sir, I ask for the yeas and nays when
the vote shall be taken upon concurring in this
report.
Mr. SUMNER. Yes; let us have the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONKLING. I will not say anything
if we can have a vote now, and we must have
it now if at all."
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President 
Mr. CONKLINQ. Before the Senator be-
gins will he allow me to make a remark ?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. I refrained from saying
a word, for the reason that I desired to obtain
a vote. It now wants ten minutes of four
o' clock. Before we can adjourn properly, wofd
should be sent to the President, and a.mes-
sage received from him with regard to some
bills.
Mr. SUMNER. I was going to begin by sug-
gesting that the resolution should.be amended
so as to insert five o'clock instead of half past
four.
Mr. CONKLING. That, I will say to the
Senator, we cannot do, because this is a report
of a conference committee which has been
adopted by the House of Representatives, and
we cannot amend it-
Mr. SUMiNER. Thus the Senator puts that
aside; but there is one remark of mine that he
cannot put aside and cannot answer. The
resolution of the Senator proposes to leave the
President, a bad man, from this time forward
to the end of November, from the heats of
summer to the cold of winter, to bestride this
country like a Colossus. I am against it; I
am against any such surrender; and on that
account I insisted upon the yeas and nays that
I may record myself in the negative. -
The Chief Clerk proceed to call the roll, and
at the conclusion of the roll-call the vote stood
—yeas 15 and nays 15.
Mr. CONKLING. I change my vote from
the affirmative to the negative.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Upon this
vote—-
Mr. BUCKALEW. I desire to have my
name called. I vote in the affirmative.
Mr. CONKLING, I changed my vote be-
fore, so that I might be in a position to make
a motion to reconsider. As I understand the
vote of the Senator from Pennsylvania, who
now appears, carries the proposition, I change
my vote again to the affirmative.
Mr. NYE. Then I will change my vote with
a view to move a reconsideration. I before
voted in the negative; I now vote in the affirm-
ative.
The result was announced—yeas 17, nays
14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Cattell, Conk-
ling, Davis, Frelinghuysen, Henderson, Howe, Mor-
gan, Morrill of Maine, Nye, Patterson of Tennessee,
Ramsey, Sprague, Trumbull, Van Winkle, and Wil-
ley—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Cragin, Fow-
ler, Harlan, Howard, Pomeroy, Ross, Sumner, Thay-
er, Tipton, Wade, Wilson, and Yates—14.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Cole, Conness, Cor-
bett, Dixon, Doolittle, Drake, Edmunds, Ferry,
Fessenden, Grimes, Guthrie, Hendricks, Johnson,
Morrill of Vermont, Mortta, Norton, Patterson of
New Hampshire, Saulsbury, Sherman, Stewart, and
Williams—22.
So the report was concurred in.
• Mr. NYE. I move now to reconsider the
vote just taken ; and on that motion I desire to
say a few words ; and I hope I can do so with-
out provoking any feeling. I have listened
attentively to the argument on both sides of
this question. I listened attentively to the
President's veto message yesterday, and to a
like document in March last. My judgment
then was that it was wise for Congress to keep
itself in such a position that it could come
together if tjje "exigencies of the times demanded
. it. The present session of Congress indorses
the wisdom, or at^least the action, if not the
wisdom of those who at that time were in favor
of such a session. I have seen nothing in the
interim, that should weaken the judgment of
the majority of this body as then expressed;
but I have seen much to strengthen my convic-
tion, and I think that even now it is wise for
Congress to be in a position to come together
should the5exigenciesof the times demand our
reassembling.
I was admonished yesterday by those in
favor of an adjournment to this late day that
it was unbecoming Senators to express even
a reason why they opposed this a*Durnment.
Notwithstanding that admonition, i propose
to say, in a spirit of kindness and truthful-
ness, that the conduct of the Executive of this
nation is not of sueh a character as to warrant
the great strength of Congress being placed in
his hands. The history of the past few weeks
should admonish this country that the hopes
of the nation are anchored in Congress; that
they have no_ other place to look for safety.
That is manifest by the prompt attention and
attendance of members from distant States at
this session of Congress. They came here in
obedience to that mighty power of public senti-
ment which is behind them at whatever per-
sonal inconvenience. The great loadstone of
duty and the great pressure of a public will
behind them brought them almost all here in
their seats. Why? Because there was dan-
ger in the hoar. I suggested at that time—the
Senate will bear me witness—that we had two
sources of danger 
Mr. HENDERSON. I beg to interrupt the
Senator to submit a proposition to expedite
business. It will be recollected by Senators
that the resolution of adjournment has been
passed by both Houses, and accordingly the
two Houses will stand adjourned at half past
four o'clock. The President has some import-
ant bills in his hands. 11x3 ought to be at once
notified of our action. I will therefore move,
with the consent of the Senator from Nevada,
that a committee of two be appointed to notify
the President of the action of the two Houses,
and to see whether he has any further commu-
nication to make. ,
Mr. RAMSEY. I ^suggest that the com-
mittee ought to be a joint one. I think that
has been the practice heretofore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I believe
it has been.
Mr. RAMSEY. I propose, then, to offer as
a substitute for the motion of the Senator from
Missouri this resolution:
Resolved, That a committee consisting of two mem-
bers be appointed, to join sueh committee as may be
appointed by the House of Representatives, to wait
upon the President of the United States and inform
him that unless he may have some further communi-
cation to make the two Houses of Congress are ready
to adjourn.
The resolution was agreed to; and the
President pro tempore being authorized to
appoint the committee, Messrs. Ramsey and
Howard were appointed.
Mr. HOWARD. I beg the Chair to accept
my most respectful acknowledgments for this
appointment; but at the same time I most
respectfully and earnestly desire the Senate to
excuse me from serving on that committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Michigan moves that he be excused
from service upon the committee just appointed.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Fowler to supply the vacancy.
Mr. NYE. I was saying th&t last spring
when the question of adjournment at that time
was before us I suggested that we had two
sources of danger, one of which was from the
Supreme Court. I was then gravely told by
men much more learned in the law than my-
self that it was not possible to get the question
there; and yet it has been twice there. The
question has been there whether the State of
Mississippi and the State of Georgia could
enjoin the General Government; and while the
motions and questions raised in those cases
were pending, an anxious people were watch-
ing with solicitude. That danger was scarcely
over when an opinion from the Attorney Gen-
eral of the United States was invoked by the
President. . Of that opinion I have very little
to say; but I will say this, that I think it was'
trifling with an anxious people. The work of
reconstruction was going bravely .on, and the
party that the President represents becoming
alarmed at its progress felt it to be their duty
to throw obstacles in the pathway of recon-
struction. The court had failed to do it; the
President had not the courage to do it>of him-
self ; but he invoked the wisdom of the law-
officer of this nation, and he wrote an opinion
for the President, which I assert here, with
some little experience of a quarter of a cen-
tury as a lawyer, has neither law nor logic in
it. It was an opinion given as Taney's opin-
ion was given, a sort of breastwork thrown up
around the Executive of this nation, punctured
for heavy artillery and musketry to strike down
and stop the progress of the work of* recon-
struction.
The PRESIDENTjpro tempore. The Sen-
ator will allow mfe to interrupt him for a mo-
ment, to announce that Mr. Fowler, who was
appointed on the committee to wait upon the
President, feels too unwell to serve, and the
Chair appoints Mr. Buckalew in his place.
Mr. NYE. I hope that committee is fixed
now. 1 should have been through a long while
ago but for it. Sir, I say that the opinion of
the Attorney General, if it is entitled to the
dignity of that name, brought Congress here.
W e have attempted by legislation to cure the
defects which this man with optics so keen had
discovered. Our remedy or panacea has been
sent to the President of the United States, and
he has vetoed it in a message savoring more
of prejudice and passion than of due consid-
eration of the proposition submitted. In that
veto message there is one remarkable sentence.
I listened to its reading twice, and I have care-
fully read it since myself. I refer to the start-
