1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
757
for the purpose of investigating and making
treaties. We may confirm or reverse the action
of these commissioners at thft next session of
Congress. I ask immediate action upon the
amendment.
Mr. KELLEY._ Will the gentleman yield
to me for a question or two?
Mr. WIN DOM. Yes, sir; - I -yield for a
question.
Mr. KELLEY. I would like to ask the
gentleman whether the measure which - he
' pressed upon the attention of the House a few
days since, and which has been concurred in
by the Senate, will not meet the necessities of
the case for the pjesent ?
Mr. WINDOM. I think, Mr. Speaker,_that
it will not fully meet the necessities of the
case. It certainly will not unless there be an
appropriation for the purpose I have just
named; and if such'an appropriation be made
I think it far preferable that we should make,
our own selection of commissioners -rather
than have the President select them. Some
gentlemen the other day appeared to be op-
posed to the President making these treaties.
If we select the commissioners ourselves that
objection is obviated.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, I am as anx-
ious as the gentleman from Minnesota, [Mr.
Wisdom,] or any other gentleman, can be to
arrest this Indian war; but I am unwilling that
we should attempt to organize hurriedly a new
system of dealing with the Indians. I believe
that our present system is fouuded upon a
vicious idea, and if persisted in will lead to
destruction of the Indian race on this conti-
nent and to the great disgrace of our country.
It offers an inducement to every Ipdian to
adhere to his tribe ; it encourages the continu-
ance of tribal relations. By this system we
arc maintaining, as it were, foreign nations in
our midst. I believe that we might, with no
increase of expense, adopt a more judicious
system which would offer inducements to the
Indians to abandon their Jribal relations, accept
the habits of civilization, and become useful
members of society. But I am opposed to
organizing hurriedly a new system. The reso-
lution which we have already passed will ac-
complish, 1 think, all that is demanded at the
present time; and I prefer that further legis-
lation on this question should be postponed
' until we can have full time to examine the
subject and elaborate a judicious system.
Mr. WINDOM. I now call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment of Mr. \\ ixdom
was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WINDOII moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bill and-joint resolution.
Mr. WELKER, from the Committee_ on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled a bill
and joint resolution of the following titles,
when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 137) for the further security
of equal rights in the District of Columbia; and
Joint resolution ■ (S. R. No. 63) declaring
sympathy with the suffering people of Crete.
kentucky and delaware.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask unanimous
consent to submit the following resolution,
which I am directed by the Committee on the
Judiciary to present:
That the Committee on the Judiciary,
charred by the House to inquire whether Kentucky
jiiid 3) cl.iw a re hii\ o ftuvci nmcnts republican 111 form,
be. jml 1?, authorized to scud lor persons and papers,
so far as thevmny he necessary ill conducting that
inquiry, and he, and is, further authorized to appoint
huh-roimmttcis in conducting all their uivestisa-
t1onwith power in such sub-committees to actmiu-
stcr the necessary oath.
There being no objection, the resolution was
received and adopted.
reconstruction.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, submitted
the following resolution:
JResolved, That the Clerk of the House be directed
to present to the Secretary of State the bill entitled
"An act supplementary to an act entitled 'An act to
provide for the more efficient government of the rebel
States,' passed on the 2d day of March, 1867, and the
act supplementary thereto passed on the 23d day ot
March, 1867," and the joint resolution to carry into
effect the several acts providing for the more efficient
government of the rebel States, together with the cer-
tificates of the Clerk ot the House ot Representatives
and the Secretary of the Senate showing that said act
andjointresolutionwere passed by votes of two thirds
of both Houses of Congress, after the same had been
returned to the House of Representatives by the
President with his objections, and after reconsidera-
tion of said act and joint resolution by both Houses
of Congress, in accordance! with the Constitution.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution
was adopted; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
leave to print speeches.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, there
are a number of gentlemen who did not get an
opportunity "to be heard on the President's
recent veto message, and who have prepared
speeches on the subject, which I now ask, by
unanimous consent, they shall have leave to
print as part of the debates of the House.
Mr. ROSS. I should like to know how
many speeches are to come in under that very
broad order. Let us know who they are that
have speeches prepared to be printed.
Mr. ASHLEY", of Ohio. I have none my-
self. I understand the gentleman's colleague
has a speech to be printed.
Mr. ROSS. I will not object to the print-
ing of any speeches that may now be pre-
sented, but I do object to members having the
privilege of going home and wri.ting speeches
and sending them here to be printed after the
adjournment.
The SPEAKER. Let the understanding
be that the privilege shall extend only to those
who may give their names to the reporters
to-day.
Mr. ROSS. I do not object to that.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
adjournment.
A message was received from the Senate,
by Mr. "McDonald, its Chief Clerk, notifying
the House that that body had passed the con-
current resolution of the House of Represent-
atives iu reference to the adjournment, with
an amendment, in which he was directed to
ask the concurrence of the House.
The Clerk read the 'following resolution,
adopted by the House on the 11th instant:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That when the
two Houses of Congress shall adjourn ou the — day
of July instant, tlie adjournment shall be to U ednes-
day, the loth day of November next, at noon, and the
two Houses shall then reassemble without farther
order.
The SPEAKER. To which the Senate
have made the following amendment, in the
nature of a substitute:
Resolved, <kc., That the President of the Senate and
the Speaker of the House of Representatives shall,
at tlirec o'clock p. ra. on tlic 20th day Oi July instant,
adjourn their respcctivc Houses, to meet on the iirst
Monday of December next.
Mr. PIKE. I move to adhere.
The SPEAKER. That would leave no time
fixed for the adjournment of the two Houses.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I move that the
House concur.
Mr. PIKE. I demand the previous question.
Mr. ROSS. I should like to move to make
it the loth of October.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
40, noes -10.
Mr. ROSS demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Ross and
Mr. Pike were appointed.
The House again divided, and the tellers
reported—ayes 5~2, noes 37.
So tke previous question was seconded.
The maiir question was then ordered.
Mr. BENTON demanded the yeas and nays.
• The yeas and nay® were ordered.
The question was taken on the motion to
concur; and it was decided in the negative—
yeas 32, nays 72, not voting 06; as follows :
• YEAS — Messrs. Archer, Beaman, Blair, Cobb,
Dixon, Driggs, Eldridge, Fields, Getz, Hill, Hunter,
Jenckes, Koontz, George Y. Lawrence, Marshall,
Moore, Mungen, !Nihlack, Noell, Phelps, Poland,
Pruyn, Robinson, Stone, Trowbridge, Twichell,
Upson, Van Auken, Van Trump, William Williams,
James F. Wilson, and Windom—02.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, James M. Ash-
ley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Benton, Boutwcll, Brom-
well, Buckland, Butler, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke,
Sidney Clarke, Coburn, Cook, Govode, Cai iom, i-'arris-
worth, Ferriss, Gravely, Halsey, Hamilton, Hayes,
Hooper, Hopkins, Asahel W. Hubbard, Ingersoll,
Judd, Julian,'Kelley, Kelssey, Kitchen,William Law-
rence, Lincoln, Loan, Logan, Loughridge, MeClurg,
Mercur, Miller, Morrcll, Myers, O'Jfeill, Orth, Paine,
Perham, Pike, Pile, Plants, Polsley, Raum, Ross,
Sawyer, Schenck, Seolield, Sclye, Shanks, Aaron P.
Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens, Xatt'e, Thomas. V an Aer-
nam, BurtVanllorn.RobertT.'V an'Horn,\ anWyek,
Ward, Henry D. Washburn, Welker, Thomas Wil-
liams, John T. Wilson, and Stephen P. Wilson—72.
XOX VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Helos
R. Ashley, Barnes, Barnum, Benjamin, Bingham,
BlaindfBoyer, Brooks, Brooinall, Burr, Cake, Chan-
ler, Cornell, Dawes, Dodge, Donnelly, Eckley, figgles-
• ton, Ela, Eiiot, Ferry, 1'innoy, Fox, Garfield, Gloss-
brenner, Griswold, Ilaight, Harding, Holman, Hotch-
kiss, Chester D. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard,
Hulburd, Humphrey, Kerr, Ivoteham, Laflin, Lynch,
Mallory, Marvin, McCarthy, MeCuliough.Moorhead,
Morgan, ilorrissey, Newcomb, Nicholson, Peters,
Pomeroy, Price, Randall, Robertson, Shellabargcr,
Sitgreaves, Smith, Spalding, Starkweather, Stewart,
Taber, Taylor, Cadwalader C. Washburn,William B.
Washburn, Wood, and Woodbridge—66.
So the House refused to concur in the amend-
ment of the Senate.
The question recurred on the motion that
the House adhere, and it was agreed to.
recusal! wits ess.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. By direction of the
Judiciary Committee I offer the following pre-
amble and resolution:
Whereas Lafayette C. Baker was on the 2d day of
July, 1S67, duly summoned to appear and testily be- •
fore a standing committee of this House on the Judi-
eiary, charged with the investigation of certain alle-
gations against the President of the United btates,
and has neglected to appear before said committee
pursuant to said summons: Tiieielore,
Resolved, That the Speaker issue his warrant di-
rected to the Sergeant-at-Arms, commanding him to
take into custody the body ot said Lalayettc L. Baker,
wherever to be tound, and to have the samplorthwitll
brought before the bar of tile House to answer tor
contempt of the authority of the House in thusiail-
ing and ncglccting to appear before said committee.
I desire to say that I have in my hands a
subpeena regularly served upon Lafayette C.
Baker, commanding his appearance before the
Committee on the Judiciary. He has Jjiiled to
obey the process of the House, not only in this
instance, but in, I believe, two other instances.
Therefore tin? commiuea^isks that he be brought
to the bar of the House to answer tor contempt
of its process.
The preamble and resolution were agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the preamble and res-
olution were adopted; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
lease op buildings by the g0terxmext.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, transmitting, in answer to a resolution of
the House of the 10th instant, reports relative
: to buildings leased by the Department in New ,
I York and Brooklyn, rented bv it, &c. : which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
mate to i'rixt speeches.
Mr. LOGAN. I wish to inquire of the
Speaker what was the proposition voted upon p.
few minutes ago in regard to printing speeches.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Ashley] asked consent to intioduce a res-
olution authotir.nej gentlemen having speeches
prepared on the lulls recently vetoed by the
President to hand them to the reporters of
the Globe. That was agreed to by unanimous
