758
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 20,
consent. Afterward the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Boss] rose and remarked that it
was a broad proposition, and he thought there
should be some limit to it. The'Chair also
thought it was a broad proposition. The ques-
tion was reconsidered, and the House then
concurred in the suggestion of the Chair that
gentlemen hand in their names to the reporter
to-day.
Mr. LOGAN. I move to reconsider thai
vote. If gentlemen desire to have some prop-
osition of the kind adopted, I suggest that all
speeches which are handed in prior to the
adjournment might bo printed. But theprop-
osition to give gentlemen an opportunity of
going home and writing out answers to speeches
made in the House and publishing them in the
Congressional Globe is certainly, in my estima-
tion, very objectionable.
Mr. BAKKii. I concur entirely in the view
of my colleague. This printing of speeches
ought to be restricted to those prepared before
the adjournment. .
Mr. LOGAN. There will- be no safety in
debate here at all if the resolution shall stand
as adopted. If gentlemen will give me an
opportunity to go home and write a speech in
reply to some already published I may Malign
and libel a member as much as I have a mind
to and there is no feply to it. Sir, it is a
monstrous proposition, and I ask the House
to reconsider it. If the House desires to let
members present their speeches before the
adjournment of Congress,! have 110 objection.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. If we
allow gentlemen to prepare and print speeches
after they have gone home, how are we to reply
to them?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I stated when I
made the motion that I had no speech of my
own to print, but made it for the benefit of
others whose speeches were not quite ready.
It is not an unlrequeut occurrence on the pas-
sago ol' bills that gentlemen have risen and
asked the privilege of printing some remarks.
1 never knew the request to be refused or even
objected to. JJut such speeches are frequently
not furnished until after the House adjourns.
Mr. LOGAN, I do not know what the rule
may have been, nor do I care. A rule like
that should not exist in a deliberative body,
if speeches are to be printed they should at
least be presented and printed in the Globe
while Congress is in session, so that if there is
any attack or misstatement it miglit bo replied
to before the adjournment of Congress.
.Mr. AyiiLl'j of Ohio. I am entirely
indifferent as to what disposition the House
may make ol the subject. I have no speech
of my own prepared upon the (subject.
Mr. MiLLEU. I would ask the gentleman
a tiuestion as to how lie is going to reply to a
speech delivered on the last day of the session
luilore tho ilouse adjourns?
}'\v. LUG AN. Ail 1 wish to say is that if
any member has a speech to make in which
he wants to characterize anything I have done
or said, I want it done in my presence.
Mr. BALDWIN. 1 waul to say a word upon
this subject, it seems to me that the practice
ol printing speeches that has never been de-
livered here is a bad one and ought to be dis-
continued. The rule ought to be rigidly en-
torced prohibiting the printing of speeches
never delivered iu the House. The rule of
the House limits speeches to one hour. J have
seen speeches which were never delivered but
were printed by permission that made twenty-
eight columns of the Globe. Now, sir, con-
sidering the expense of printing the Globe, I
thiuk we ought in some measure to prevent
this constant increase of expense ; and tiiere-
i'oro I hope that we shall reconsider this vote
aud rigidly exclude all speeches not delivered
upon this iloor.
Mr. SCOPiELD. I would suggest to the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logax] that he
move an amendment to enable these gentlemen
to publish these speeches in a volume by them-
selves at the public, expense, to be bound in
-J-orocco covers.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope that no such per-
mission as is now asked will bo given, and that
no such order will be made. 1 trust that we
shall not take another step forward in the direc-
tion in which we have been so long traveling
until it has come to be notorious that there is
no debate here in the House of Bejiresentatives.
I understand debate to be the collision of mind
with mind and thought with thought in advo-
cacy and in reply until they reach some com-
mon conclusion. But we have nothing of that
sort here, except now and then under the five
minutes rules; but otherwise no one can have
an opportunity to be heard here excepting
those gentlemen who are enabled to get their
names down upon the Speaker's list," Mr.
Jones writes out-his views on a particular sub-
ject, which will make a pamphlet of sixteen
pages; and while he is engaged in that Mr.
Smith is writing an hour's essay on some sub-
ject. J ones does not know what Smith is say-
ing, and Smith does not know what Jones is
saying, but both speeches are published in the
Congressional Globe as a part of the debates
of the House. I am unwilling myself to do
anything which may help to give further coun-
tenance to the practice which has grown up in
reference to this matter.
Mr. PIKE. I desire to ask hbw the rule
would operate in cases where two gentlemen
deliver the same speech. [Laughter.]
Mr. SCHENCK.. Iam afraid that that re-
mark is a hint at my Stsxte; for I believe that
during the Thirty-Seventh Congress these ap-
peared in the Congressional Globe two speeches,
one in March, and the other in April, purport-
ing to have been made by a couple of—shall I
say Democrats ? I am glad that both of them
were of that party; and each one of those
speeches was word for word the same as the
other, with this difference: one purports to have
been made in the House and the other in Com-
mittee of the Whole ; so that where the para-
graphs of oim begin with "Mr. Speaker," the
paragraphs of the other commence with ''Mr.
Chairman." Now, in that case there happened
to be this little trouble about the matter: Mr.
Allen—pardon me, I did not mean to name
anybody—published his speech first, and in the
course of 4$ alluded to '"my resolutions," he
having introduced a series of resolutions upon
the subject of confiscation, that question being
the topic of the speech. The other gentleman,
who had introduced no resolutions, appeared
as making just one month afterward the same
speech, word for word; and unfortunately he
did uot alter the part of the speech to which
I have just referred, so that he also alluded to
"my resolutions." [Laughter.]
If gentlemen are curious in regard to this
matter—and it is a perfect illustration of this
whole system—they may look at the Congres-
sional Globe of the Thirty-Seventh Congress,
and they will find that two members from the
State of Ohio appear there, as I have stated,
as delivering the same speech. It may have
happened unfortunately that they employed
the same man to write out their speeches, and
that he cheated one or the other or both; or
perhaps not having been paid by the first sold
the same thing to the other, in order to reim-
burse himself. And I may add that it was a
very tolerable speech. Those two speeches go
to make up a part of what are called the "de-
bates," published in the Congressional Globe.
I wish, sir, that we could get fyack to some-
thing like the old condition of things when—
it might be with a little sharpness, it might be
with a little roughness, it might be with a little
less of the pure style of the essay which gen-
tlemen can succeed in reaching in their cham-
bers, yet with much more pertinency generally
to the subject immediately in hand—we actu-
ally did discuss questions here' in this body,
aud discuss them at length. I am opposed to
any innovation in the direction in which we
have already gone too far.
Mr. MAHSHALL. ' Mr. Speaker, I concur
entirely in what has been said by several gen-
tlemen here, that this system which has grown
up of publishing speeches never delivered upon
the floor of the House is a great abuse, and
ought if possible to be corrected. But it seems
to me, Mr,. Spea^pr, that it is an abuse which
has almost necessarily grown up under the
rules and practice of the House. It is well
known that upon many of' the gravest and
most important questions that come up for the
consideration of the House and of the country
very few members can succeed in getting the
floor at all for the purpose of saying a single
word upon those questions; and unless, under
such circumstances, some permission is givfen
to gentlemen to present in print the thoughts
they entertain in regard to those questions, it
may appear to tjieir constituents, and will so
appear, that when the gravest questions ever
submitted for deliberation in a public body
have arisen they have remained in their seats
and failed to open their mouths in regard to
questions in which their constituents are so
deeply interested.
Now, it is well-known that upon these great
reconstruction questions which have been dis-
posed of at this session and at previous ses-
sions not one tenth of the members that have
desired to express themselves thereon have
had any opportunity of doing so upon the floor
of the House. - Here only the other day, when
this question which is agitating the whole coun-
try was brought forward, no man could get the
flo'or except by special favor, and this, not as
the result of any fault or partiality of the
Speaker—for I have no intention of intimating
anything* of that kind—but because under a
custom or rule which has grown up here in the
House, a gentleman having charge of a bill has
the power to control entirely the' course of the
debate, and most of the members of the House
are entirely cut off from expressing themselves
in regard to these questions.
Now, sir, I shall be very much in favor of so
modifying the rules of the House that gentle-
men, representing constituents who have the
right to bo heard on any subject, should have
an opportunity to be heard before the debate
was closed. If such a inodification of the rules
can be adopted I will go as far as the farthest
against any gentleman being permitted to pub-
lish remarks as part of our debates which in
fact were never delivered upon the floor of the
Ilouse. It is a great abuse undoubtedly to pub-
lish as a part of the debates speeches or essays
that were never made upon the floor. As the •
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] has well
suggested, our debates ought to be the expres-
sion of such thoughts as are struck out by the
collision of mind with mind; but when ques-
tions are brought forward for consideration
unfortunately no such opportunity as that is
afforded to nine tenths of the members of the
House. When the question of reconstruction
was up the other day I know that many friends
of mine here as well as gentlemen on the other
side desired to be heard, but as soon as my
colleague [Mr. Logan] closed his speech of
one hour the debate was immediately closed.
Then no gentleman, however much he may have
desired to do so, had any opportunity to make
any reply to that speech or any other that pre-
ceded it. I only refer to that by way of illus-
tration. There were some things in the speech
of my colleague that I desired very much to
reply to at the time, but no such opportunity
was presented.
Mr. LOGAN. I did not object to debate.
_ Mr. MARSHALL. I am not bringing this
forward as a special complaint against my col-
league, but as an illustration of a hardship, and,
indeed, great wrong that is occurring here every
day; and it is notorious that if many members
are not permitted to print their speeches as a
part of the debates as if delivered upon the floor,
they will have 110 opportunity of being heard
byjlie country or their constituents.
It has been suggested by gentlemen around
me that the proper course to pursue in such
cases would be for members who are unable
to get the floor at the time to ask permission to
print their thoughts as a part of the debates,
and then, perhaps, permission would always be
accorded. Probably that is the better way.
