1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*7m
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I do not take it
back; I did not say it.
Mr. BUTLER. I would like to a^Jc the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania whether or not the
minority of the present Judiciary Committee
of the Fortieth Congress who are in favor of
impeachment are not a majority of all the
members of the committee of the Thirty-Ninth
Congress who are serving on the present com-
mittee. Because, I desire to know whether
we were really taken in in anyway jvhen it was
agreed to put this question to the Judiciary
Committee in the Thirty-Ninth Congress, and
when a special committee was voted down.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. At the
time of its discharge a majority of its mem-
bers were, I thought, ready to report in favor
of impeachment. Desiring, however—and in
this I express my own opinions only—to make
the case as full and complete as possible, it
was considered not advisable to make a report"
at that time in the imperfect condition of the
testimony.
"message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. McDox-
ald, its Chief Clerk, announced that the Sen-
ate had agreed to the amendments of the
House to the bill of the Senate No. 13G to
establish peace with -certain hostile Indian
tribes.
The message further announced that the
Senate insisted upon its amendment to the
resolution of the House of Representatives in
relation to the adjournment of Congress and
disagreed to by the House, asked for a com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the resolution, and had,
appointed- Messrs. Co.yklixg, Anthost, and
Howe managers on the part of the Senate.
adjouSnment of congress.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
foregoing message of the Senate in regard to
the adjournment of Congress.
Mr. PIKE. I move that the House recede
from its adherence.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. It seems
to me adherence is the last step; that if we
adhere it is equivalent to saying we do not
intend to have a committee of conference.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
rule on page 21 of the Digest.
The Clerk read as follows:
"A conference sometimes takes place after one
House has adhered."
Mr. PIKE. Then it will not be necessary to
recede.
The SPEAKER. The House may recede
from its adherence and agree to a committee
of conference.
Mr. PIKE. From the tone of the debate
yesterday in the Senate I supposed that if the
House adhered the Senate would recede and
concur in the resolution of the House. Now,
however, it seems the Senate desires a com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. ROSS. 0an wc not adhere and have a
committee of conference?
The SPEAKER. That is impossible.
Mr. PIKE. I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BUTLER. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas GO, nays 45, not voting
65; as follows:
YEAS—'Messrs. Adam?, Archer, Baldwin, Banks,
Benman, Benjamin, Blair, Boutwell, Buckland,
Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Cobb, Cornell, Dixon,
Ih-igsrs, Eldridge. Ferriss, Fields, Getz, Gravely, Hal-
ter, Hamilton, llill, Hopkins Chester D. Iluhhard,
Hunter, Jcnckes, Kitchen, Koontz, George V. Law-
rence, Marshall, Mercur, Miller, Moore, Morrell,
M uugen, -X lbiaek, isocll, Orth, Pcrham, Phelps,Piko,
Pil" Plants, Poland, Pruvn, Raum, Robinson, Saw-
yer,'Stone, Trowbridge, Twicheil. Upson, VanAer-
nam, Van Anken, Van Trump, William Williams,
James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, and Wood-
brulce—GO. T . ,
NATS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, James M. Ash-
ley, Baker, ben ton, l>rom well, Butler, Sidney Clarke,
Coburn, Cook, Covode, Cullom, Ferry, Hayes, Ilooper.
IuKW'soll, Judd. Julian, Kclley, Kelsey, W llham Law-
rence, Loan, Logan, Loughndge, McClurg, Myers,
O'jSTeill, Paine, Polsley, Ross, Sohenek, Spofield, Selye,
Shanks, Aaron F. Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens, Taffe,
Thomas, Robert T. Van Horn, Van XVyck, Ward,
Henry D. Washburn, Thomas Williams, John T.
Wilson, and Windom—45.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Delos R. Ashley,
Barnes, Barnum, Bingham, Blaine, Boyer, Brooks,
Broomall, Burr, Cake, Chanler, Dawes, Dodge, Don-
nelly, Eckley, Eggleston, Ela, Eliot, Farnsworth,
Finney, Fox, Garfield, Glossbrcnner, Griswold,
Halght, Harding, Hoi man, Hotchkiss, Asahel W.
Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Humphrey,
Kerr, Ketcham, Laflin, Lincoln, Lynch, Mai lory,
Marvin, McCarthy, McCullough, Moorhead, Morgan,
Morrissey. Newcomb, Nicholson, Peters. Pomeroy,
Price, Randall, Robertson, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves,
Smith, Spalding, Starkweather, Stewart, Taber, Tay-
lor, Burt Van Horn. Cadwalader C. Washburn, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Welker, and Wood—65.
So the House receded and agreed to the
committee of conference.
The SPEAKER appointed as conferees on
the part of the House Messrs. Pike, Beamax,«
and Butler.
personal explanation impeachment.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I do not
desire to prolong this discussion in such a
way as to exhaust the patience of the House.
Mr. MILLER. I would ask the gentleman
if the committee are ready to lay their report
upon this question before the House' v^hen
.opportunity is offered ? ' +
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. So far
as I am individually concerned I am ready to
submit my own views in writing and to enforce
them by argument at any time that the House
may be ready to hear me. I may say the
same in regard to the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Lawrence,] who says to" me that he is
fully prepared now to submit a full written
report on the whole case.
Mr. MILLER. I would ask the gentleman
if the minority of the committee are not ready
to report their views
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I cannot
say as to the other members of the minority;
I can speak only for myself and the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Lawrexce,] although I have
no doubt that The other members of the mi-
nority are equally ready to sustain their views.
Here is a minority of the committee entertain-
ing strong and decided opinions upon this ques-
tion, and yet unable to give the reasons for
the faith that-is in them in consequence of the
failure or refusal of the majority to make tlieir
report iq the regular way. The position is an
awkward and by no means an agreeable one,
but it has imposed on me the duty which I have
just now been endeavoring to perform.
I will only say in conclusion that the place
which has been assigned to me in this investi-
gation was not one of my seeking. The duty
which it involved has been to me a very pain-
ful one, it has been a very laborious one. I
have endeavored to perform it however to the
extent of my ability. I have had no end in view
but to serve my country, in a ease where I
thought its highest and dearest interests, its
safety, and its life were involved. The gentle-
man from Maine [Mr. Ptke] was pleased to
say in the course of some remarks made by
him a few days ago on this subject that it was
amerequestion of President-making, and noth-
ing more. Allow me to say in reply that my
humble ambition has never tended in the direc-
tion either of making presidents or making
kings. I have no particular respect either for
the makers or the manufacture, and judging
from what I havfe seen of the results of that
kind of business generally, I should not sup-
pose that any credit which has ever been earned
in that way was worthy of the aspirations of any
man of even lessjjretension than myself. But
this much I will say to the geutleman from
Maine, that when I iind a President of these
United States asserting kingly powers, claiming
the force of statutes for his proclamations, liv-
ing in habitual contempt and violation of your
laws, suspending their powers or trampling
them under foot, bartering away untold millions
of your property for rebel use, claiming to rule
without a Congress, insulting the legislative
power and defyiug its authority, and ruling this
nation as if he"were its master, so help me God
I will uncrown him if I can. And more than
this, when I witness all these things, as I have
done in the career of Andrew Johnson, when
I see the great council of the nation bearded
and insulted in its own Halls, I will not consent
to abdicate my high trust as one of the nation's ■
Representatives by abandoning my seat and
turning over, to him the entire and unchecked
direction of its affairs. I will.rather stay to
curb this arrogance, and instead of resorting
to expedients of doubtful propriety to abridge
the power that the Constitution has given him,
exert the power that the Constitution has given
me, by striking at once aud boldly, bravely,
manfully, and directly at the one great obstacle
that stands in the way of the nation's peace, by
pulling him down from his giddy elevation,
and making of him a great example for future
times.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to occupy their
attention for a few moments.
No objection was made.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I
regret the discussion of this question, as I
have often expressed myself before in advance
of a presentation of the case to the House.
Of course I have nothing to say of personal
explanations which gentlemen may have been
called upon to make because of charges con-
tained in the press ; but, sir, I do not feel will-
ing, in regard to so important a question as
this, to be placed in any false position before
the House and the country; and when the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania says that I am under
any party spur here, as though I had intended
such a thing on yesterday, I certainly never
intended to convey such an idea to the House
or the country.
What I said in that regard was this :
"I understood that so far as the reference of the
subject imposed an obligation upon me as a member
of the committee, it was to investigate fearlessly and
' faithfully the subject, not merely as a memberof
I the Republican party, but as a member of the law
committee of the House of Representatives. I have
pursued the investigation with that view and in that
spirit, and I affirm here to-day r.hat no amount of
political pressure shall turn me aside from a con-
scientious discharge of the duty thus imposed."
That is what I said yesterday; it is what I
affirm here to-day. I believe, as I think every
member of the committee believes, that this
investigation should b'e conducted with a due
regard .to the rules of law ; and no belief that
anybody may have that this case should be
forced upon the country regardless of its in-
complete condition can turn mo aside from
the course which I have indicated, and which,
in my judgment, the law requires I should
pursue. It is farthest from my intention to
say that the Republican party as a party is
pressing this case for political or any other
improper ends. The votes of the Republican
members of this House during the present
session negative everything of the kind. They
have acted prudently, and whatever dispo-
sition they may finally make of this subject
will, I doubt not, be wise and secure the
approbation of the country.
Now, the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Williams] says that a majority of the committee
of the Thirty-Ninth Congress were in favor of
reporting articles of impeachment against the
President of the United States. I do not know
whether that is true or not. There was no
expression in the committee to that effect.
What may have been the private opinions of
members of the committee I do not pretend to
know.
I am not prepared to say that any member
of the committee has been trilling with the
committee, with the House, or with the coun-
|! try in this matter. I am not prepared to say
|i that any member of the committee who has
;i asked for the attendance of witnesses or called
i! for the production of documents did it merely
ij for the purpose of delaying the formation of
;! final opinions by a majority of the committee,
j and to postpone the preparation of their report,
! not expeetingthat the evidence called for would
j have any weight or bearing upon the ease, but
| in order to gam time for the preparation of
their own views, that thev miuht come in and
