1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
767
. .Mr. JUDD. I rise to a- question of order.
This House has directed the Judiciary Com-
mittee to report the testimony in the impeach-
ment case. I see the testimony present here
on the desk of the chairman of the com-
mittee, [Mr. Wilson, of Iowa,] and I desire
to ask the Speaker if this vote by yeas and
nays discloses the fact that there, is no quo-
rum present whether the committee can then
report?
The SPEAKER. Before the yeas and
nays are concluded the Speaker will declare
the House adjourned.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the yeas and nays were ordered.
On the motion to reconsider, there were—
ayes 43, noes 35 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER.^ The Chair will order
tellers. * •
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, made an inquiry of
the Chair which was not heard by the reporter.
The SPEAKER. The House has ordered
the Committee on the Judiciary to report forth-
with. The Chair supposed the gentleman was
about to report a few moments ago when he
recognized him and gave him the floor, but he
did not proceed, and the gentleman from Penn-
sylvaijia [Mf. Covodk] claiming the. floor at
the same time to offer a resolution, the Chair
gave it to him.
Mr. COVODE. I hope the gentleman will
ask to print the report. That is all I a&k.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The chairman of the
committee is ready to report.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays have
been ordered on the proposition to suspend the
rules. A motion.has been made to reconsider
the vote ordering the yeas and nays, on which
question no quorum has voted. Tne hour of
half-past four o' clock having arrived, the Chair,
wishing every member a safe journey and a
happy reunion with the loved ones at home,
declares this House adjourned, in pursuance of
the concurrent resolution on the subject, until
Thursday, the 21st day of November next.
petitions, etc.
The following petition, &e., were presented under
the rule, and referred to. the appropriate committees:
By Mr. KRIWGS: The petition of James Rock
and 25 others, prayitig Congress to pay his transporta-
tion as a soldier in the first Michigan cavalry, from
Salt Lake City to his home in Michigan.
By Mr. SCHENGK: The memorial of citizens of
North Carolina, praying Congress to take such steps
as they may deem best to secure the removal of tho
illegal Governor of that State and all his subordi-
nates, " who, by their influence or example, are aid-
ing and abetting him" in retarding restoration.
IN SENATE.
Tiiursday, November 21, 1867.
The Senate reassembled to-day at twelve
"o'clock m., (Hon. B. F. Wade, President pro
tempore, in the chair,) pursuant to the follow-
ing resolution, adopted by the two Houses of
Congress on the 20th of July, 1867:
Resolved hy the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring.) That at four o'clock and thirty
minutes p. m., on Saturday, the 20th day of July,
instant, the President of the Senate and the Speaker
of the House of Representatives adjourn their re-
spective Houses to meet on Thursday, the 21st day of
Iv ovember next, at twelve o'clock m.
prayer.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D., as fol-
lows:
Glory be to Thee, Father, Son, and Holy
Ghost, for the protecting wing of Th,y providence
extended over us. Thanks for seed-time and
harvest and fruitful seasons, filling our hearts
with joy and gladness. Thanks for the peace
and safety and quiet which have prevailed
throughout all of our borders. Thanks to
Thee for the revelation Thou hast given us of
Thy will, and the light of the glorious Gospel
which shines upon our path, and the hope of a
blessed immortality within our souls. And
now, O Lord God of Hosts, we invoke Thy
blessing to bo upon this great nation, upon its
rulers and statesmen, upon its legislators and
governors, upon its brave defenders and judges,
and upon all the interests and institutions of
thirty millions of people. Oh, grant to make
us, as a nation, the great apostle of liberty, the
grand exponent of Christianity, the aSylum for
the nations -of the world, and a glory and the
defense in the great brotherhood of nations.
And now especially do we ask Thy bless-
ing upon the Senate of the United States and
House of Representatives in Congress assem-
bled. Give grace and health and strength to
Thy servants who preside over these bodies ;
and the spirit of wisdom and justice and truth
to those who shall legislate for the country.
And grant, we pray Thee, that in all of their
deliberations the spirit of truth and humanity
and justice may prevail. And Thou, 0 God
of the nation, preside over this august body,
we pray Thee. We ask that Thy blessing
especially may be upon all of our interests and
institutions, individually and nationally, and
that we may seek direction from on high, and
that God will bo with us in all our efforts and
labors and deliberations and sacrifices, and
crown us with His blessing. Come, O Thou
King eternal, immortal, invisible, the only
wise God, and forgive us our sins and accept
our persons and our service and save us with
everlasting salvation, through Jesus Christ our
Lord. Amen.
The Journal of Saturday the 20th of July
last was read and approved.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pre-
sentation of petitions and memorials is now In
order.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I present a
petition of citizens of Washington, in which
they represent that immediately after the last
municipal election in the city many employers
discharged their colored employes to the num-
ber of about one hundred and fifty, for the
alleged reason of exercising the right of the
elective franchise conferred.upon them by the
late act of Congress, thereby causing much in-
convenience and suffering to the families of
such discharged doctors, and they pray rem-
edy from Congress. I move the reference of
this petition to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of Wil-
liam M. Rust, of Texas, praying to be relieved
from all disabilities imposed upon him by the
act known as the military reconstruction bill;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary,
Mr. RAMSEY presented apetition of Bridget
W. McGrorty, widow of a lieutenant colonel of
one of the Minnesota regiments of volunteers,
praying to be allowed a pension ; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
hour of meeting. ^
On motion of Mr. MORGAN, it was
Resolved, That tho hour of tho daily meeting of the
Senate bo twelve o'clock meridian until otherwise
ordered.
repeal of cotton tax.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to communicate, for the information of the
Senate, any facts or reports in possession of the De-
partment relating to tho repeal of the tax on cotton.
adjournment to monday.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, it was
Ordered, That when the Sonate adjourn to-day it
be to meet on Monday next.
bills introdcced.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 65) amendatory of a joint
resolution approved July 25, 1866; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
142) for the relief of Mrs. Bridget W. Grorty ;
which was read twice by its titlo, and referred
to*the Committee on Pensions.
equal bights.
Mr. SUMNER,asked, and by unanimous^
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.*
No. 141) for the further security of equal
rights in the District of Columbia; which was
read twice by its title.
Mr. SUMNER. This is an exact copy of a
bill whiah passed Congress immediately before
its adjournment, and which was signed by the
President of the Senate and the Speaker of
the House of Representatives, and duly sent
to the President, but which was never re-
turned by him. I presume that the bill has
fallen; thaWowing to the adjournment of Con-
gress there were no eleven days of session
within which the biH could be returned, and
that the bill is now, therefore, in the hands
of the President, and it is beyond our reach.
Under these circumstances I introduce the bill
again verbatim as it passed both Houses; and,
if there be no objection, I would submit that
the Senate proceed frith it now. It has already
had, I believe, nearly the unanimous vote of
this body on a former occasion—certainly the
vote of a very large majority, and it has been
enrolled. I suggest, therefore, that the Senate
proceed with it to-day, and send it to the other
House, and make another endeavor to bring it
to a close.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Massachusetts asks that the Senate
proceed at this time to the consideration of the
bill which has just been introduced by him. It
requires unanimous consent.
Mr. DAVIS. I object to the consideration
of that bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the bill goes over under the rul£.
the public debt.
Mr. EDMUNDS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 66) pledging the faith of
the United States to the payment of the public
debt in coin or its equivalent; which was read
the first time, and is as follows :
"Whereas the public debt of the United States was
(except when specially otherwise provided) con-
tracted and incurred upon the faith and credit of the
United States that the same would be paid or re-
deemed in coinorits equivalent; and whereas doubts
have been raised as to tho duty and propriety of dis-
charging such debt in coin or its equivalent: There-
fore,
Resolved bv the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States in Congress assembled, That the
public debt of tho United States (except in tho cases
where in the law authorizing the same other provis-
ions were expressly made) is owing in coin or its
equivalent, and the faith of the United States is
hereby solemnly pledged to its payment accordingly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the resolu-
tion be laid on the table and printed; and I
give notice that I shall ask the Senate at some
early day to proceed t<^ its consideration, and
I hope that it will pass this bodywitli entiro
unanimity.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. Do I understand that this is
a joint resolution or a concurrent resolution?
Mr. EDMUNDS* A joint resolution.
bills indefinitely postponed.
Mr. WILSON. There are on the general
orders two or three bills reported by my com-
mittee which I do not think ought to encum-
ber the Calendar. I desire to take them up
with a view to have them indefinitely post-
poned. The measures to which I refer are
Senate joint resolution No. 5, Senate bill No.
132, and Senate bill No. 140.
The motion was agreed to ; and the consid-
eration of the following bills and joint resolu-
tion was postponed indefinitely:
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 5) declaring
the municipal offices of Alexandria, Virginia,
to be vacated;
A bill (S. No. 132) to provide for the call-
ing out of volunteers to suppress Indian hos-
tilities, and for,other purposes: and
A bill (S. No. 140) to provide for the call-
ing out of volunteers to suppress Indian hos-
tilities.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, the Sen-
ate adjourned.
