1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
771
if the journals of the Legislature of Tennessee
prove what lias been stated, until an investiga-
tion has*beeu had before the appropriate com-
mittee. But as to the other members-elect,
with one exception, there are no charges against
them. As to the charge against the gentleman
from, I believe, the third district, Mr. Stokes,
that has been before this House heretofore.
There is no charge against him except that
made by the gentleman from the State of Wis-
consin, [Mr. Eldridge,] supported by a letter
which has been read in this House time and
time again. That being the only evidence
against^ the gentleman from Tennessee, the
House is as well prepared to vote on that ques-
tion now as they would be if it was referred
to a committee.
Mr. Speaker, I will say this in support of
Mr. Stokes, of Tennessee, that if any man can
ever wipe out a wrong such as that of penning
a letter of this kind, this noble man has done
it, and done it well. For two long years he
traveled by my side, through the smoke of
many a battle, on the side of the Union army,
and if that wipes out an error of this kind it
applies with the greatest force to the case of
j>lr. Stokes. But the gentlemen who arc so
charitable to the men who have fought so many
years against the Government, who would give
them power and allow them to control this vast
country, have no charity for the men who
fought side by side with the Union soldiers in
the recent conflict for the preservation of this
country, when some of you gentlemen were
publishing articles in papers that were treason-
able in themselves, to a loyal country. I do
not wonder, therefore, that gentlemen should
be so desirous of having this man, who fought
so faithfully for the Union, kept out of this
House.
Now, when the evidence is before the House,
I ask the House to decide the question with-
out reference to a committee, because we have
investigated and passed upon this Duncan let-
ter before. I do not mean investigated in refer-
ence to his right to take his seat, but that, it
has been discussed before in this House. The
House understands the matter.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman is mis-
taken about the House having ever investigated
this letter. Another subject was before the
House when it was read before. It was read
but once. It was read before on the question
of the admission of the Senator from that State,
modifying the test oath so that he might take
his seat in the Senate. It was after Mr. Stokes
had taken Lis seat. I should not have intro-
duced it now were it not that Judge Trimble,
having sat in the Thirty-Ninth Congress, was
on a similar allegation prevented from taking_
his seat.
Mr. LOGAN. I said that it had not been
referred to a committee, but that members of
the House understood it. I heard of it before
I became a member of this House I do not
know how inanv times—I think two or three
times. We all know what it is, what is the
charge and what the evidence, and if a com-
mittee were to investigate the charge from now
to December a year their only report would be
that he wrote this letter—he does not deny it—
but that he showed himself true to the country
in the conflict with the rebels. That would be
the report. The House is as able now to pass
upon his right to a seat as at any time. There
is 110 charge except the one we have now before
us.
As to another member from Tennessee, the
charge is based upon the journals of the con-
federate State legislature. That is as I under-
stand it, but the gentleman may be mistaken.
But on this charge of the gentleman from New
York I am willing to refer the credentials to
the Committee of Elections to be investigated,
as in the case of the Kentucky members. This
is all J desire to say.
Mr. DAWES. If I call for a division what
will be the first question?
The SPEAKER. First on that part which
excludes the whole delegation.
Mr. BROOKS. No, sir.
The SPExiKEIi. The gentleman from New
York informs the Chair that he does not move
to exclude all of the members, but to refer the
ccrtifi cates.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move to refer the cre-
dentials of Mr. Stokes to the Committee, with
the paper I have read, and that he be not sworn
in pending the investigation.
Mr. BROOKS, I move as an amendment
that the certificates of the gentlemen'from Ten-
nessee be referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions ; and that the certificates of Messrs. But-
ler, Mullins, and Arnell, previous to being sworn
in, be referred to the Committee of Elections.
Mr. DAWES. I move as a substitute that
the credentials of Mr. Butler be referred to the
Committee of Elections, and that he be not
sworn in pending the investigation. In sup-
port of that motion I understand that the gen-
tleman from New York makes a charge in good
faith against the loyalty of this gentleman who
presents his credentials and asks to be sworn in.
If the gentleman does not make the charge
in good faith, that is for him to settle with his
own self-respect, and what is due from him to
the House. It is enough for mo to assume that
the gentleman from New York has made such
wonderful progress at the present session that
in good faith he charges upon a member-elect
disloyalty, and on that ground proposes to
exclude him until the question can be investi-
gated by a committee.
At the last session the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] took the position that no
charge of disloyalty, however flagrant and how-
ever palpable, was sufficient ground for the
exclusion of any person coming here bearing
the certificate of the governor of his State as a
member-elect of this House, but claimed that,
however black in treason he might be, it was
the duty of the House first to qualify him as a
member, and then, if it were able, to expel him
by a two-third vote. Sir, 1 congratulate the
country and the gentleman from New York
upon this wonderful conversion. There is no
parallel to it sia#e the celebrated journey to
Damascus, [laughter,] and I trust with this
encouragement before him he will continue
journeying on till even he shall see more clearly
than we do now what constitutes loyalty and
what disloyalty.
The gentleman also takes the position in his
remarks, and in the amendment which he ori-
ginally proposed, that it is proper for this House
upon a case made out to look into the status
of' a State of this Union and to decide for
itself whether that State government be repub-
lican in form or not. In that mutter 1 also
congratulate him upon the wonderful advance
he has made, and I am happy, for one, to bo
able to stand with him and vote with him, as I
shall, on the original motion he has made in
reference to Mr. Butler, of Tennessee. At the
last session, in reply to the gentleman, when
I propounded to him in vain the question
whether he could conceive of disloyalty so fla-
grant and so palpable as to justify him in vot-
ing to exclude a member until his ease could
be investigated by a committee. I stated to him
that whenever any member stood up in this
House and upon his responsibility as a member
of the House made a charge directly against
any one presenting credentials here that he had
been untrue to his country, or a traitor, I would
vote first to investigate his case, and then I
would pass upon the ouestion as the evidence
itself should be presented. The gentleman
from New York resisted that proposition. And
now. taking him to be .-ulcere in his present
motion, I welcome him as a new convert, and
like a new convert 1 expect him to take the
lead in the good work and to Go works meet
for repentance. I trust that he may now take
hold of this work and be no longer found fight-
ing, as he was at the last session, for the ad-
mission of men to seats in this House, how-
ever serious might be the charge oi treason
against them. I now call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. KELLEY. Will tho gentleman yield
the floor to me a moment?
Mr, DAWES. I withdraw the call and yield
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. KELLEY". I thank the gentleman for
yielding to me a moment to point out a dis-
tinction which I think gentlemen have failed
to observe between the Kentucky case and this
case of Mr. Butler, or any other that has ever
been before Congress. The objection made
to admitting the Kentucky delegation rested
upon present disloyalty—upon their words and
actions in the last campaign—upon their pres-
ent condition of mind. The allegations made
against Mr. Butler and Mr. Stokes and the
other members of the Tennessee delegation go
back to a period of time when there was a wide
diversity of opinion among all the people of
the country. Is the gentleman from New Y^ork
leadv to take the position that theie shall be'
no change of opinion which shall merit for-
giveness? Is he willing to say that every man
who participated in the old pro-slavery or
State rights sentiment shall be forever de-
barred from this House, or from office, honor,
or emolument? That is the logic of his argu-
ment.
The gentleman to whom the amendment pro-
posed by the chairman of the Committee of
Elections relates never held an office which
required an oath that would disfranchise him.
The case is not analogous to that of Senator
Patteiikox. It has been held that the Legis-
lature is not such an office as that. This gen-
tleman was elected in 1859 to the Legislature
of Tennessee, and the journal quoted is a jour-
nal of legislative proceedings under that elec-
tion. There was no confederate legislature to
be elected at that time, and, when a special
session was held, Colonel Butler and the other
loyal members of the Legislature proposed to
meet at Kingston, and they were carried bod-
iiy.to the place of meeting. He is a man who
served through the whole war. His son served
in the ranks of our Army: his home was des-
olated and burned; his body three times im-
prisoned. Under power granted by General
Burnside, he raised a regiment of gallant East
Tennesseeans and led them through the war. I
hold in my hand a letter, among others, from
Senator Patteusox, of Tennessee, indorsing
him then as a fit man for that service. I hold
also the order of General Burnside empower-
ing him to raise the regiment. I hold his com-
rniKjion, signed by Andrew Johnson, empow-
| ering him to lead and command that regiment,
j It is rather a late day to except him from the
■ loyal delegation from Tennessee, and put a
! blot upon his name. I have here his own let-
i ter of that day. published through the eastern
' part of the State, in which he urged the starv-
j iug Union men who had been discharged from
! the prisons of the State and set at liberty to
j enroll themselves in the ranks of the regiment
that he was to lead in behalf of the flag of his
• country. In the lime yielded to me by the
j gentleman from Massachusetts I cannot read
j the various letters and papers that are before
| me. Here is his commission as judge since
i the war closed and the State of Tennessee had
i been reorganized. Here, as I said, is the order
j from General Burnside to him to raise the reg-
■ iment. Here is a commission from Andrew
| Johnson to him as colonel of the regiment.
! Were his colleagues on this floor able to speak
! they would tell you with more minuteness and
i knowledge and more eloquence than I could
1 hope to do, how valiantly he led the men of
j Tennessee for the overthrow of the rebellion
and the maintenance of the flag and the Con-
1 stitution cf his country.
I hope the case will be made no exception
; of. but that he and the other members from
, Tennessee will at once be admitted to their
'■ seats : and let the men of the South know that
upon this floor it is the Democratic party that
, admits no place and no time for penitence
' that can remove disfranchisement, not for
: rebellion, but for holding opinions in 1801
| which they hold to-day on the subject of State
| rights and the degradation of the colored peo-
| pie of America.
I Mr. DAWES. I do not make this motion.
