774
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
November 21,
representatives mom tennessee.
The question was then taken on agreeing to
the resolution as amended, and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 117, nays 28, not vot-
ing 29 ; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Delos R. Ash-
ley, James M. Ashley, Ax tell. Baker, Baldwin, Banks,
Beaman,Benjamin, Benton, Bingham. Blaine, Bout-
well, Bromwel), Broomall, Buckland, Butler, Cake,
Cary, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Covode, Cullom, Dawes, Dodge,
Driggs, Eckley, Eggleston, Ela, Eliot, Farnsworth,
Ferriss, Ferry, Fields, Garfield, Gravely, Ilalsev,
Hamilton, Hill, Higby, Hooper, Hopkins, Asahel W.
Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Hunter,
Ingersoll, Jenekes, Judd, Julian, Kclloy, Kelsey,
Keteham, Laflin, George V. Lawrence, William
Lawrence, Logan, Loughridge, Lynoh, Mallory,
Marshall, Marvin, McCarthy, McClurg, Mercur, Mil-
ler, Moore, Moorhead, Morrell, Myers, Newcomb,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perliam, Pike, Pile, Plants, Po-
land, Polsley, Ponieroy, Price, Robertson, Sawyer,
Schenck, Scofield, Shanks, Shellabarger, Smith,
Spalding, Starkweather, Aaron P. Stevens, Thaddeus
.Stevens, Stewart, Taylor, Thomas, Trowbridge,
Twichell, Van Aernam, Robert T. Van Horn, Cad-
walader C. Washburn, EUhu B. Washburne, Henry
D. Washburn, William B. Washburn. Wclker,
Thomas Williams, William Williams, James F. Wil-
son, John T. Wilson, Stephen 1?. Wilson, Windom,
and Woodbridge—117.
NAYS — Messrs. Adams, Archer, Barnes, Blair,
Boyer, Brooks, Burr, Chanler. Eldridge, Pox, Gotz,
CHossbvenner, Ilaight, Ilotchkiss, Johnson, Kerr,
Morgan, Morrissey, Mungen, Nicholson, Phelps,
Pruyn, Randnll, Bobinson, Sitgreaves, Taber, Van
Trump, and Woodward—23.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Barnum. Cornell,
Dixon. Donnelly, Finney, Griswold, Harding, IIol-
ra,m, Richard 1). Hubbard, Humphrey, Kitchen,
Koontz, Lincoln, Loan, McCulIough.Niblack, Peters,
Rauin, ilo.-s, Selyp, Stone, Taffe, Upson, Van Anken,
Burt Van Ilorn, Van Wyek, Ward, and Wood—29.
So the resolution as amended was agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. BEAMAN stated that Mr. Upsos was
detained from the House by sickness.
Mr. LAFLIN stated that Mr. Van Hobs,
of Now York, was detained at home by sick-
ness in his family.
Mr. LOGAN said: I rise to a question of
order. I ask that the name of Mr. Brooks be
called under the rule in relation to members
who are present voting [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the ruling on the point made by the gentleman
from Illinois by previous occupants of the chair
has been that it cannot be made as a point of
order until after the roll-call has been finished
and the result announced. Attention can then
be called to the fact that a gentleman has sat
in his seat and declined to vote, and the ques-
tion raised whether he has disobeyed the rules
and is in contempt of the House.
Mr. LOGAN. Well, 1 call his attention to
it now.
Mr. BROOKS. It was a matter of inatten-
tion altogether; I was engaged in conversation ;
I vote "no." [Laughter.]
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded,
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the remaining members from Tennessee will
now be sworn in.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. T rise to a question of
privilege. I offer the following resolution :
Itesohed, That the credentials of Hon. William B.
Stokes be referred to the Committee of Elections,
together with the letter written by him known as the
Duncan letter, published in the Globe of July 27,
1866, in support of achargeof disloyalty against him,
and that pending the investigation of the committee
he be not sworn in as a member of this House.
Mr. DAWES. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw that?
Mr. DAWES. I will do so. .
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, the House
in July last, in the Kentucky case, settled a
practice in regard to these matters, as has been
said by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Lo-
ga.k.] That practice I understood to be this,
and I thought it in conformity with parliament-
ary law and entirely within the scope of our
constitutional poweft properly exercised; it
was then decided that if any member in his
place would rise and make a statement of facts
impugning the loyalty of a member-elect, show-
ing probable cause why, on account of his dis-
loyalty, he ought not to be permitted to par-
ticipate in our deliberations here, nor even be
allowed to take the oath, it should be consid-
ered, not as conclusive in his case, but as
raising a prima facie case and ground upon
which his credentials might properly be re-
ferred to be reported upon. It was also held
that if affidavits, although^ they might be ex
parte, were produced showing facts of this or
of kindred character, that should be held suffi-
cient to require the member-elect to stand back
and wait until his case could be inquired into
and reported upon by the proper committee.
Well, sir, affecting to follow that rule, gen-
tlemen upon the other side of the House to-day
rise in the case of the Tennessee members who
are called to the Clerk's desk to be sworn in
and to take part in this House as members;
and the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Bkooks] makes an averment and supports it
by some statements affirming that one of these
members is in such probability disloyal that
the matter ought to be referred to the commit-
tee and reported upon, and that his oath should
not be accepted until such report comes in.
What then occurs? A vote is taken, and
that member shows that he was trifling with
the House by at first inadvertently not voting,
and afterward by voting against his own reso-
lution—a resolution based upon his own show-
ing ; that member proves to this House that
his object was rather to set some mean little
party trap, (which, however, has sprung and
caught himself,) and not for the purpose of a
grave inquiry, into the right of a member to
take his seat here according to the election
returns and credentials which he presents.
Now, I want no mdre of this. If members
will come here and present a showing by affidav-
its, as was done in the case of John D. Young,
at the July sitting; if they will rise in their
places and make a statement, based in like
manner upon that credibility which ought to
attach to a statement officially made by a mem-
ber upon this floor, I am ready upon such state-
ment to give proper reference to the case about
which the statement is made. But if members
come here and make such statements, they
themselves believing that their resolutions
ought not to pass, they themselves having no
faith in the statements which they make, it is
to my mind only proof that, instead of deal-
ing with the grave question, one of the very
gravest, whether a representative of the people
is entitled to a place upon this floor, the whole
intention, the whole object is to trifle with the
House, and obtain, if they can, by some appar-
ent inconsistency upon the part of some per-
son in voting, some pitiful little party advan-
tage.
Now, sir, no such advantage has been ob-
tained here. I am glad to say that the gentle-
men with whom I act, consistent with them-
selves, have adhered to the rule which they
established in July last. I am glad to say that
the Republican members of this House, giving
a credit to the statement of a member upon
this floor, which his own conduct proved it
was not entitled to, have passed his resolution
upon that statement and that showing of his,
and in spite of his own opposition to it.
Now, sir, the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Elduidgk] offers a similar resolution now in
the'ease of Colonel Stokes. He has voted against
the other resolution, although it appeared to
have his support. He will probably reserve to
himself the privilege of voting against his own
resolution if it is submitted to a vote of the
House. And if that be the object—I am not
entitled as yet to say it is—it will only be an-
other exemplification of the kind of treatment
which this House is to receive from gentlemen
who come here, affecting, with crocodile tears,
to apprehend that the people of this country
arc not going to be truly represented by loyal
men in any of the States.
I shall not vote for the resolution in the case
of Colonel Stokes, simply for the reason that
it is based upon a letter written by hyji at the
beginning of the rebellion containing avowals
of opinion which I by no means approve, and
which I think savor very strongly of disloyalty.
I cannot vote for a -resolution based upon a
letter of that kind without also having in mind
the fact that since that time there has been dis-
closed here to the House of Representatives,
and there is a part of the public history of the
country to be found, showing that this objec-
tion to Colonel Stokes cannot by inference be
fairly presumed to apply to his present status,
to his present condition of mind, to his present
determination and object and act toward the
Government of this country. There is proof
in the history of the country, which has been
made known here to this House, that since that
time Colonel Stokes has fought loyally upon
the side of the Union, and proved his loyalty
where many other gentlemen have not so dis-
tinctly entitled themselves to have it recog-
nized—upon the battle-field.
Knowing this, I do not ask to have any
inquiry in the case of Colonel Stokes, and
therefore I shall not vote in favor of the reso-
lution. Not knowing anything of this kind so
clearly in the case of Mr. Butler, I was will-
ing that in his case there should be a refer-
ence, an examination, and a report, which will
enable him, as I believe from what I hear
outside, to come out triumphantly vindicated
from the charge that has been made against
him.
Mr. MORGAN. Will my colleague yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. SCHENCK. Certainly.
Mr. MORGAN. I desire to ask my col-
league whether the fact that Colonel Stokes
has fought gallantly under the Union flag will
enable him to take the test-oath ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I am not the conscience-
keeper of Colonel Stokes. That is a matter
for him to settle. I do not know that the let-
ter written by him, so far as I remember its
contents, is in any way inconsistent with that
oath. I have not the letter before me now. I
believe, however, it is a declaration of certain
sentiments which I myself, according to my
standard, regarded at the time and regard now
as inimical to the Government of the United
States; hut it did not constitute any act of aid
or comfort actually given to the enemy.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman allow
one portion of the oath to be read?
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir; we are all famil-
iar with it. I understand what constitutes the
sin of Colonel Stokes in the view of gentlemen
on the other side. It is not that he was dis-
loyal at the beginning of the rebellion, but
that he fought for the Union afterward. It is
for this reason that he is not agreeable to some
gentlemen who are opposing his admission to
a seat upon this floor.
Mr. MORGAN. Will my colleague yield to
me a moment further?
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORGAN. I merely wish to remark,
farther, in order that my own position may
not be misunderstood, that I am opposed to
the resolution to refer the case of Colonel
Stokes to the Committee of Elections. I ad-
dressed the inquiry a moment ago to my col-
league, in order to bring to his attention and
that of the House the analogy between the
position now occupied by Colonel Stokes and
the position of thousands of our fellow-citizens
in the southern States whose misfortune and
whose fault it was to go into the rebellion, but
who have since given every evidence of repent-
ance for having done so.
Mr. SCHENCK. I understand that per-
fectly well; and in those wise acts of recon-
struction which we have passed and mean to
carry out, it will be found that we have pro-
vided for just such cases, and that where there
is penitence, where there is proof of subse-
quent good conduct, any one who, by reason
of past disloyalty, is disabled or disqualified
from participating in the Government may,
upon appeal to Congress, be relieved fromthit
