;76
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
November 21,
often exhibits on the floor of the House. He)
indulges in fierce censures and comments which
may be parliamentary and which may not be;
he indulges in such phrases as ' 'crocodile tears,'
" little and mean," &c. All this is in charac-
ter with the honorable gentleman from Ohio.
He is the regular scold of this House, and he
scolds the other side of the House a great'deal
oftener than he scolds this side, and if they are
able to endure his scolding I afn quite sure that
I can.
But he says that I have voted against the
resolution excluding Mr. Butler after I have
exhibited rebel records which ought to exclude
him, and I am censured for inconsistency.
First let us look -at the resolution as it pre-
vailed. There is no more reason why Mr.
I|at,ier should be excluded from the floor of the
House than that two more of the same delega-
tion should be excluded whose cases I have
stated. Why pass that partial resolution ? I
was not the father of that substitute. I was
not obliged to adopt the child of the honorable
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.]
It was no creation of mine, but a substitute
adopted by the othdr side of the House.
But I tell honorable gentlemen, all of them
upon the other side of the House, I do not be-
lieve in the precedent in the Kentucky case. I
do not believe it will hold water or stand ex-
amination. I consider it the most dangerous
precedent ever established in this House, that
a majority here, on the presentation of cre-
dentials, upon mere outside ex parie affidavits,
upon mere declarations from any quarter, with-
out examination by a committee, should do as
this House has done, from July to the last of
November, exclude the Kentucky members.
But that was the precedent established by the
authority of the House ; that is the common
law of the House, and how a lawyer can rise
on the other side and not expect to be bound
by the common law of the House, though
he may not now approve that common law,
is more than I can comprehend. It is a pre-
cedent binding upon the other side of the
House, but not upon this, because we all voted
against it, and my only, object was to bring to
them their own precedent, their own medicine,
and to make them take it. But instead of their
being in good humor, I am railed at by three
gentlemen on the other side for pursuing a
course which is proper and parliamentary.
Now, sir, I regret this kind of debate, and
it is seldom I am called on to indulge in
it, but on principle I defend myself for the
course I have taken. Whenever we on this
side have the power, as wo soon shall have—the
dawn breaketh not only in the East, but every-
where, and the next House will be ours—
when that day comes, we will reverse this pre-
cedent and overthrow it. It is your medicine,
and not binding on us in any sense whatever;
and when I present it to you, I resort to a par-
liamentary course which is justified by innu
merable precedents. So much for that.
Now, perhaps, I owe an apology before I sit
down to the honorable gentleman from the
Nashville district of Tennessee, Mr. Trimble.
I was informed by a letter from Memphis that
he voted for the ordinance of secession of Ten-
nessee. The letter was from a gentleman there
whom I did not know personally. I have writ-
ten back to know what is his character, but I
have received no answer. I carefully stated in
the remarks which I made before that it was
sufficient for me that the honorable gentleman
from the Nashville district should disclaim
such a vote and I would not involve him in my
resolution. It is sufficient to me to have the
word of a Union man or a rebel; whatever he
may have been, it is enough for him to have
said he did not vote for secession for me to
accept his word in good faith. If I have put
him wrong before the country I owe him an
apology, and I cheerfully take back any remarks
I may have made. That is all I have to say
upon that point.
Mr. MULLINS. Will the gentleman now
state what I asked him to state?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will inform the
gentleman last up that he is not yet a member
of the House.
Mr. BROOKS. I presume that, under the
substitute adopted by the other side of the
House, the gentleman will, in a very few min-
utes, have an opportunity to state what he
desires in order.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, a few words
only.
Mr. BROOKS. I hav« not yielded the
floor.
Mr. DAWES. I thought the gentleman
said, "That is all I have to say."
Mr. BROOKS. On that point.
Mr. DAWES. I was surprised at that
remark.
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman is surprised
at a great many remarks, and few members have
more occasion to surprise the House than he
has. I do not know why he indulges in this
personal course of remarks toward me all the
while, except that once he did a mean thing
toward me, and feels ashamed of it all the
time, and wishes to justify it in some way.
The SPEAKER. The Chair feels under
the necessity of calling the gentleman to order.
His remarks certainly are not parliamentary.
Mr. BROOKS. I beg pardon of the Chair;
they are not parliamentary. I hope the'Chair
will keep us all in order, for we need it very
often.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not wish
to interruptgentlemen speaking by calling them
to order, except when he deems it his impera-
tive duty to do so.
Mr. CHANLER. I would inquire to what
language of my colleague [Mr. Brooks] the
Chair referred when he called him to order.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] is entitled to the floor, and
will proceed in order.
Mr. CHANLER. I desire to ask the Chair
what language he referred to 
TheSPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Chanler] made no point at the
time.
Mr. CHANLER. I desire to ask 
TheSPEAKER. The Chair will inform the
gentleman. The language to which the Chair
excepted was this: that the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] "had done a mean
thing" toward the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Brooks.] That language was not par-
liamentary. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Brooks] will now proceed in order.
Mr. BROOKS. I am aware that the intro-
duction of the word "mean" was not parlia-
mentary. But I should not have used it if the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] had not
used it in reference to me. "Mean'^and
"little" were the adjectives he applied to me.
I do not suppose the Speaker heard him, in
the confusion here.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not hear
those wordsusedin reference to the gentleman,
or he would have checked the gentleman using
them. The Chair thinks the remark of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sohenck] was gen-
eral, and not with reference to any particular
gentleman.
Mr. BROOKS. If I recollect aright, I think
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] ap-
plied the remark particularly to me.
The SPEAKER. If so, it was not in order.
Mr. BROOKS. Very well; I will not make
any further remarks at present.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] has taken a great deal of
the time of the House in attempting to explain
his position—to ex-plain why he made a charge
upon the floor of this House against a member-
elect which he had no faith in himself. The
gentleman knows better than anybody else
when his position needs explanation, and for
that reason he takes more time than anybody
else in explaining his position. The gentleman
has never done "harping upon his daughter."
He will never forgive this House for once
thwarting him in attempting to hold a seat
here on this floor upon dead men's votes.
That I suppose is the reason why, when the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schexck] said
some hard things toward him, he got up and
called me "mean." [Laughter.]
But he says that when I said to the House
if any gentleman, acting upon his responsi-
bility here* as a member of this House, should
so far forget his position as to be actuated by
political malignity and make a false charge
of disloyalty against any member elected here,
and thereby exclude him from his seat, such
member ought to be censured or expelled from
this House ; he thereupon gets up and says I
say he himself should be expelled from this
House. Very well; the gentleman makes his
own comment upon that remark. He takes
the coat home to himself, without any appli-
cation from me. And he rounds off this appli-
cation to himself by announcing to the House
that if he should be expelled he would be sent
back he thinks by ten thousand majority. He
knows better than I do how much time they
have in New York to count votes. I have no
doubt, if they have time enough to count the
votes in New York, the majority would be ten
or fifteen thousand, just according to the facil-
ity and skill in counting.
I admit the gentleman's proposition. I
know very well that if there is time there will
be majority enough counted up for him if he
should be expelled. I am glad to know that
the gentleman himself feels that if, actuated
by political malignity, he should make in this
House a charge which he (lid not himself be-
lieve to be true, he would be a proper subject
for such a vote of the House as I have indi-.
cated. I now yield to the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Shei/labarger.]
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Speaker, I
desire, before this debate closes, to make a
suggestion or two upon what is certainly a very-
important question, in regard to the organiza-
tion of this House. The question that we are
really dealing with now is the question whether
the House can rightly disregard the require-
ment of the law prescribing the test oath_; dis-
regard it, I mean, to the extent of omitting a
careful and thorough investigation, after a sug-
gestion in good faith that any particular indi-
vidual presenting himself as a member ought
not to be allowed to take the oath; or whether,
on the other hand, the House may do that to
which my colleague [Mr. Schenck] alluded—
leave it to every member-elect to decide ac-
cording to his own conscience whether he can
take the oath or not.
Now, upon this question there are just two
remarks which I wish to make. In the first
place I shall neither dispute nor assent to the
proposition that the House may rightly disre-
gard the requirement of the act prescribing the
test oath—may let down its standard and fix a
lower one. Yet, while I do not discuss that
question as a legal one under the constitutional
provision that "each House shall be the judge
of. the elections, returns, and qualifications of
its own members," I do say, and to this propo-
sition I ask the attention of my fellow-members,
that we shall be doing a most dangerous thing
if for any party or any side of this House we
let down the high and important requirements
of the law prescribing that test-oath. I assent
to what was said by some of our friends on the
other side, that there is danger that, in our
admiration of such gentlemen as some of those
who are now offering to be sworn in, on account
of their "works meet for repentance," we
may fall into the error of going back upon one
of the best and wholesomest records that has
been made since this terrible rebellion cursed
our land. Letusnotdoit, my fellow-members.
Let us, in the utmost good faith, hold up the
standard where the law has fixed it, and require
that vigilance shall be brought to bear to see
that none shall be sworn in as members who
cannot take that test-oath truthfully.
I do not assent to the proposition of my col-
leaguefromthe Dayton district,[Mr. Schenck.]
If I understood him aright, he,said, in answer
to a-question of my other colleague, [Mr. Mou-
gan,j that it is left to the member's own con-
