778
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
November 21,
jMr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I merely
wish to ask the qaestion of the Chair, if the
letter which was read—the original letter—is
not in the possession of the House ?
The SPEAKER. It is in the possession of
the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I trust the
Clerk will retain it; we may want it.
The question was then taken; and the reso-
lution was disagreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was rejected'; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The members-elect from Tennessee, with
the exception of Mr. Butler, namely, Messrs.
Maynard, Stokes, Muluns, Trimble, Ar-
nell, Hawkins, and Nonn, then appeared and
qualified by taking the oath prescribed by law.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
there are three Delegates from Territories pres-
ent.
Mr. DAWES. I withdraw the motion.
delegate from new mexico.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
he has had two papers sent to him in relation
to the representation of the Territory of New
Mexico, one from the Governor and one from
the Secretary of the Territory. The Clerk
will' first read the paper sent by the Gov-
ernor.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Executive Office, Territory of New Mexico,
Santa I'e, September 20, 1867.
Sir: This certifies that under the organic act and
laws of tho Territory of New Mexico there was held
a general election on tho second day of September,
A. D. 1867. the samo being: the first Monday of said
month, within the Territory of New Mexico, for
Delegate to the Fortieth Congress of the United
States, and that at said election Charles P. Clever
received a majority of the votes cast for said offioe.
Now, therefore, I, Robert B. Mitchell, Governor
of said Territory, do hereby dcclare Charles P. Clever
to have been elected at said election to said office of
Delegate to the Congress of the United States.
In witness whereof X have hereunto sot my hand
r. „ I and affixed the great seal of tho Territory of
" ,J New Mexico, the day and year aforesaid.
ROBERT B. MITCHELL,
Governor Territory of New Mexico.
By the Governor:
H. II. Heath, Secretary New Mexico.
To the Speaker of the House of Representatives,
Washington, J). G.
The SPEAKER. The Secretary of the Ter-
ritory has furnished to the Speaker of the
House of Representatives a statement that he
was forced by the Governor to attest this cer-
tificate. The Clerk will read his communi-
cation.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Officf. Secretary of the Territory,
Santa I'k, New Mexico, October 1,1867.
Sir: At an election held in this Territory on the
3d day of September, A. D. 1867, for a Delegate to tho
fortieth Congress, thero wore oast, as returned, 17.685
votes, ns follows:
For J. Francisco Chaves, 8,791: for Charles P. Cle-
ver, 8,891, such returns consequently showing said
Clever to have 97 majority.
But it is believed that J. Francisco Chaves was
legally elected, and forthe following reasons :
iraud in the precinctof Santa Clara, in the county
of Mora, of 209 votes—the same precinct at its first
election last spring casting but about 40 votes.
I l'aud in the La .Tnrita or Fort Union precinct,
where the polls were carried too near the Govern-
ment military reservation of Fort Union, and where
tue men in tho quartermaster's department and
teamsters voted, irrespective of citizenship or con-
formity to the laws of this Territory. This precinct
polled, as returned, 043 votes—of which 638 were for
C. P. Clever, and 5 for J. Francisco Chaves. In the
trst precinct named the return shows 190 for C. V.
Clever, and 19 for J. Francisco Chaves.
For fraud in the sixteenth precinct of the county
of Iiio Arriba, where, as the evidence shows, that but
bo votes were polled in all, 464 votes aro returned as
■VK11?,, en cast: 452 of which are returned as for
m'' (''aver> an412 for J. Francisco Chaves.
j.nese frauds, it is confidently believed, are sub-
stantiated by proof, which will bo furnishedherewith.
iiy section thirty-three of tho election laws of this
territory it is made tho duty of the Secretary of the
lerritory toRiv o the certificate of election to the Dele-
gate-elco t. ilie Governor has assumed that duty, and
n nU, the certificate given by that functionary
n ™ no v"alidity in law, and is eonse-
quontlymvalid. The seal and signatureoftheunder-
sig'ned, as .affixed to said certificate, were so affixed
under written protest, hereto attached.
The conclusion, therefore, at which the undersigned
has arrived is. that tho votes of the three precincts
abovo named, as returned, are falso and fraudulent,
and should bediscarded; and that beingso discarded,
Colonel J. Francisco Chaves is legally elected Dele-
gate to the Fortieth' Congress by a majority of not
less than one thousand one hundred and three votes.
"With great respect your obedient servant,
H. H. HEATH,
Secretary Territory New Mexico. '
Hon. Schuyler Colfax, SpeaJeer of the Souse of
Ilcpreaentutives, Washington, D.C. ' v
And to the above I have hereto affixed my hand,
rT _ T and set the seal of the Territory, this 1st
LL-S'J day of October, A. D.-1867.
II. H. HEATH,
Secretary New Mexico.
The SPEAKER. The House understands
the purport of the documents. The additional
papers are to substantiate the statement made.
Mr. DAWES. I will make a motion, in ac-
cordance with the precedent adopted in the
Colorado case last spring, in which I have no
doubt both of these gentlemen will acquiesce.
But whether they do or not, I believe it to be
right. I move that both of these papers in
reference to the seats of Delegates from New
Mexico be referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions, and that neither claimant be sworn in
until the committee have reported.
The motion of Mr. Dawes was agreed to,
and the papers referred accordingly.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the papers were referred ; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Alvau Flaxders, Delegate-elect from the
Territory of Washington, and James M. Cav-
anaugh, Delegate-elect from the Territory of
Montana, then came forward and took the re-
quired oath of office.
impeachment of the president,
The SPEAKER. The next business in order
is resuming the consideration of the business
pending at the time of the adjournment on the
20th of July last, being in relation to the report
of the Committee on liie Judiciary upon the
subject of the impeachment of tlie President.
Mr. WILSON", of Iowa. I am directed by
the Committee on the Judiciary to state to the
House, in regard to that matter^ that the report
of the committee is not yet completed, but
will be completed by Monday night, at which
time the committee design to submit to the
House the report of the committee, with the
evidence and views of the minority. In
making this statement I desire to say to the
House that I am representing every member
of the committee. It is the unahimous request
of the committee that they be allowed until
Monday next to make their report.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from l'owa
states that the Committee on the Judiciary will
not be able to present their report before next
Monday. The order of the House, made on
the 20th of July last, was that the committee
should report forthwith, and that order would
operate now, this being the next legislative
day. If there is no objection the execution of
the order will be postponed till next Monday,
after the morning hour.
There was no objection.
impeachment of minister adams.
Mr. ROBINSON". Mr. Speaker, I send to
the Clerk's desk a resolution which I believe
involves a question of privilege, and if so I
desire to make some remarks upon the subject,
either this afternoon or at some other proper
time.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Whereas Charles Francis Adams, United States
minister to Great Britain, lias been charged with
neglect of duty toward American citizens in England
and Ireland by failing to secure their rights as such
citizens; Therefore,
Be it resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the foregoing
charge and to report thereon forthwith, to the end
that, if the charge be true, articles of impeachment
against said Charles Francis Adams may be presented
■'y thls House to the Senate of the United States;
that the Prosiaent of the United States be requested
to telegraph to the said CharlesFrancis Adams imme-
diately, to demand his passports and to return homo ;
that the Secretary of State be instructed to commu-
nicate to this House all correspondence to and from
the Department for the two years lost past on the
arrest, impj-isoniqfnt, trial, or conviction of any
American citizen, or any person claiming to be such
in Great Britain and Ireland, without reference to
its public effect, to be considered, if need be, in secret
session of this House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules that this
resolution is a question of privilege, as it pro-
poses the impeachment of an officer of the
, Government.
Mr. ROBINSON. I am ready to make some
remarks upon this question; but if, at this
hour, the House, desires to adjourn, I shall not
insist upon going on at the present time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
there was a question of privilege pending when
the House took its recess on the 20th of July,
and probably that had better be disposed of
before the House enters on the consideration
of another qaestion of privilege.
Mr. ROBINSON. Allow me to say, in
regard to this question of privilege, that two
men, who, as I understand, would never have
been sentenced if Minister Adams had done
his duty, are to be hanged to-morrow or next
day. By moving in this matter now we might
arrest that proceeding. I simply ask that I
may be heard upon the general subject at the
earliest time the rules will allow.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Robinson] is now entitled to the
floor.
Mr. \V ASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to
a question oi order—that one question of priv-
ilege is already before the House, and until
that is disposed of another cannot be enter-
tained.
The SPEAKER. The question of privilege
pending when the House took its recess must,
if it be insisted upon, be decided before this.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I insist on it.
impeachment of the president.
The SPEAKER. The question of privilege
pending at the taking of the recess on the last
legislative day was upon the following resolu-
tion, which was offered by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [ Mr. Covode,] and on which he
moved to suspend the rules:
Resohcd, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
permitted, with their testimony in the matter of im-
peachment of the President, to present and havo
printed their report thereon, and also the views of
the minority of the committee or of any member or
members thereof.
Upon the motion to suspend the rules the
yeas and nays were ordered. No quorum hav-
ing voted, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Suhenck] moved to reconsider the vote by
which the yeas and nays were ordered. That
was the pending question when the House took
a recess. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Covode] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I rise to a question
of order. Did not the House a moment ago,
at the request of the chairman of the Judiciary
Committee, [Mr. Wilson, of Iowa,] postpone
this whole matter until next Monday?
The SPEAKER. It postponed the execu-
tion of the imperative order that the committee
should rep®rt forthwith, which would mean
to-day, this being the next legislative day after
the making of the order. But the resolution
is still pending. Some action must be taken in
regard to it as it is the unfinished business.
/Mr. INGERSOLL, .Would it not be in order
to move the postponement of this subject until
next Monday?
Ihe SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Covode] is entitled to the floor.
leave of absknce.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. My col-
league [Mr. Covode] yields to me, that I may
a,sk leave of absence for my colleague [Mr.
Scofield] for -a few days, he being called
away by sickness in his family.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
indefinite leave of absence will be granted.
There was no objection.
