1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
779
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Covode]
yield to me that I may make a motion for an
adjournment till Monday next?
Mr. COVODE. I yield for that, motion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move,
then, that when the House adjourns to-day it
be to meet on Monday next.
Mr. ROBINSON. I hope not. I trust to
be granted a hearing to-morrow.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
78, nays 45.
Mr. BINGHAM demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the House agreed that when it adjourns
to-day it shall adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
committees of tiif. ii0t7se.
The SPEAKER stated that on Monday
morning, after the morning hour, he would
announce the standing committees unless the
House should decide to postpone it until the
meeting of the regular session in December
next.
kentucky contested-election cases.
Mr. PAINE presented papers in the con-
tested-election case of the second congres-
sional district of Kentucky; which were re-
ferred to the Committee of Elections.
Mr. IiELLEY presented documentary testi-
mony in the contested-election case of the
fourth congressional district of Kentucky;
which was referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions.
tennessee contested-election case, etc.
The SPEAKER presented papers in the
contested-election case of the first congres-
sional district of Tennessee; also in the Colo-
rado case of Hunt vs. Chilcott; and also in
the Kentucky case of Samuel McKee vs. John
D. Young; which were referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections.
missouri contested-election case.
Mr. KERR presented papers in the Mi&ouri
contested-election case of Switzler vs. George
W. Anderson; which were referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections.
reduction" of the currency.
Mr. INGERSOLL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to prohibit the farther reduc-
tion of the currency; which was read a first and
second time, ordered to be printed, and to be
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means
when appointed.
effect of impeachment.
Mr. KELSEY. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a bill declaring the effect of an
impeachment by the House of Representatives
of the President, Vice President, or any civil
officer of the United States.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object-
Mr. KELSEY. I move to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. That motion cannot be
tnade pending the consideration of another
question.
special agents of the treasury.
Mr. PIKE, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
instructed to report to this House the number of
persons employed in his Department during the
present fiscal year as special agents and detectives,
their names, the compensation paid to each, and the
locality in which they have been employed, and
what amounts they have charged for their expenses.
repeal of the tax on cotton.
Mr. BLAINE, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, Tha t the Committee of "iVays and Means,
when appointed, bo directed to inquire into the ex-
pediency Of repealing the tax on cotton.
whisky frauds in new york.
Mr. COBB. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution :
Resolved by the Ilouve of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That the joint select Committee on
Retrenchment be, and they are hereby, instructed
to inquire into and investigate the alleged whisky
frauds in the city of Now York; the causes which led
to the detailing of a deputy commissioner of internal
revenue for duty in New Yorkcityandtotheorgan-
ization of the so-called Metropolitan Board of Inter-
nal Revenue: the efficiency or non-efficiency of
said board and the causes thereof: the manner in
which the several officers constituting said board
discharged their duties respectively in the collection
of the internal revenue tax, and whether any of
such officers or agents have been guilty of fraud,
corruption, or neglect of duty in office; that said
committee report the result of sueh investigation,
together with the testimony by them taken, to Con-
gress ; and that for such purpose the said committee
shall have and possess all powers heretofore granted
thein for other purposes.
Mr. SPALDING. I object; it is too long.
census of the rebel states.
Mr. FAUNSWORTH. I ask unanimous
consent to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Commiltee on Reconstruction I
be directed to inquire into the propriety and neces-
sity of providing for taking a census of the inhabit-
ants of the late rebellious States which are likely
soon to apply tor admission into the Union, and that
they report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. CHANLEU. I object.
impeachment.
Mr. COVODE. The object I had in view
in holding the floor previous to the recess was
to get in the report of the minority of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary in reference to the im-
peachment of the President. As the chairman
has stated that both reports are to be presented
I have nothing further to say, and therefore
withdraw my motion.
excused from committee service.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to be excused from
further service on the joint select Committee
on Retrenchment, for the reason that the duties
of the Ordnance Committee are such that I
have never been able to meet with the former
committee but once.
No objection being made, the gentleman, was
accordingly excused.
judgments in court of claims.
The Speaker laid before the fionse a com-
munication from the clerk of the Court of
Claims, transmitting, in compliance with a reso-_
lution of the House of July 17, 1867, a list of
the judgments that have been rendered in the
Court of Claims since March 81, 1863, with the
amounts, &c. ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims when appointed, and ordered
to be printed.
impeachment of minister adams.
The SPEAKER. The next business in order
is the consideration of the resolutions offered
by the gentleman from New York [Mr. Rob-
inson] in reference to the impeachment of
Hon. "Charles F. Adams, upon which that gen-
tleman has the floor.
Mr. ROBINSON then proceeded to address
the House. When he had spoken about ten
minutes,
Mr. BOUTWELL said: If the gentleman
from New York will yield, I will move that the
House do now adjourn. I presume the gen-
tleman would prefer to finish his remarks at
some future day.
Mr. ROBINSON. I think it would be im-
possible to get a vote or a proper consideration
of this subject this evening, and I therefore
yield the floor to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. MULLINS. I will ask the gentleman
to withdraw that motion for a moment, and
then I will ask the Chair to recognize me on a
question of privilege. I will not, detain the
House five minutes.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I yield for that purpose.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the gentleman from Tennessee will proceed,
i No objection was made.
personal explanation.
Mr. MULLINS. Mr. Speaker, my political
status has been brought in issue here by a gen-
tleman who claims to belong to the Federal
Army, and it was done, first in order, by the
charge made by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Brooks.] I went to him after htThad got
through his remarks, making a personal charge
and then generalizing it, and told him that I
would like him, as my mouthpiece, to state
that I .denied the charge coming from that
quarter charging me with disloyalty, either by
act, word, or dream—that I totally denied it.
The gentleman forgot, in his last remarks, to
make the statement which I asked him to make
as my mouthpiece: doubtless he forgot it, for
he is too honorable a man not to have done it
otherwise.
Now, that letter comes from a gentleman by
the name of Troluger, who is a citizen of my
county and whom I know. I have a letter from
him written to me some time back and marked
"confidential.'' I could not, if I had the let-
ter here, publish it without his permission ; but
it fires a volley into the ranks on the other side,
and shows that he looked upon me as an angel
of purity, so far as loyalty is concerned, and
that to me he could trust his heart. He knows
that every word charged in that letter is false,
and conies from the fountain that begat rebel-
lion in that bright world above. I say, now,
that nevar by word or deed have I put myself
in harmony with that party that stood out
against the Government of Washington, "a Gov-_
ernment for which my fathers fought and which
they bequeathed to me, and I intend to keep it
pure until we go down amid the wreck of rebel-
lion, and then I will stand as a monument de-
claring that the best human government is that
in which the will of the people is reflected. I
want to maintain that Government and stand
side by side with those who are fighting for it.
That is my motto, and I never had any other
on God's green earth.
It is said that I made a speech to the rebel
company of one Captain James A. Moore. I
made just sueh a speech to them as I would
have made when I was a volunteer on General
Rosecrans' staff at Stone river, and it dis-
persed their ranks and broke up the company.
That is the speech I made ; and this is the first
mortal man in the whole record of our rebel-
lious career in Tennessee who ever put his
name to a document saying that I was a rebel
by sympathy or by act. Where it comes from
I leave to God, who reveals the future in the
destiny of time. I know not how it was con-
cocted and gotten up. It is astonishing to me,
while this man's private letter to me throws
bomb-shells on the other side and calls on me
to fetch his little daughter from Tennessee
under my care to him here ; but I could not do
it. I denounce every word of that letter as
wholly untrue in any shape, sense, or form.
Mr. Speaker, I owe an apology to the House,
and I ask its forgiveness for getting up before
I was sworn in and asking the gentleman from
New York to state to the House what I have
now stated. I ask pardon for thus infringing
the rules of the House.
I wish to state further that when Governor
Brownlow was brought from East Tennessee
through Bedford county, when-the retreating
confederates were there in untold thousands,
when I saw him in a carriage under guard and
in the midst of the rebels, I stood in the street
and waved my hat and hurrahed forBrowplow,
and was threatened with death for it.
I will say, gentlemen, that I was the last man
in Tennessee that ceased talking for the .Gov-
ernment ; that I stood before the people with
fire-arms on the stand and made speeches to
them, and that I was the first man to hail the
flag with cheers when on the 27th of March it
floated once more in triumph in my county.
Then it was that the Federal cavalry came in
under the lead of Buell. Captain King, of an
Ohio regiment—Ohio, the grand Buckeye Slate
—was there. He knows well that I mounted
the rostrum when the «ta.rs and stripes were
