782
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
November 2o,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, November 25, 1867.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by Rev. Newman Hall, of Surrey chapel, Lon-
don, England.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved.
REPRESENTATIVE FROM KENTUCKY.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the calling of the States and Territories for
bills and joint resolutions for reference. The
Chair will, however, lay before the House the
certificate of an election in the State of Ken-
tucky since the action of the House last July
in regard to the Kentucky delegation.
The Clerk read as follows:
State op Kentucky,
Office of tub Secretary of State,
Frankfort, August 26,1867.
The undersigned, aboard forexamining the returns
of the election held the 5th day of August, 1867,
hereby certifythat J. S. Golladay received a majority
of the votes given in the third congressional dis-
trict of the State of Kentucky for the office of Rep-
resentative in the Fortieth Congress of the United
States, and is therefore duly elected to that office for
the term prescribed by the Constitution; which elec-
tion was held in accordance with the Constitution
and laws of the United States and of the State of
Kentucky. THOMAS E. BRAMLETTE,
Governor.
JOHN M. HARLAN.
Attorney General.
■AY. T. SAMUELS, ,
Auditor Public Accounts.
Mr. DAWES. I would inquire if that is
the district to represent, which the late Mr.
Hise was originally elected, or claimed to be
dcCtGCl ?
The SPEAKER. That is the district.
Mr. DAWES. I will state to the House
that there is pending now before the Commit-
tee of Elections the application of a gentle-
man who claims to have been elected at the
time the certificate was given to the late Mr.
Hise. I do not know the merits of the claim.
If it be a valid one, then of coursc this elec-
tion of Mr. Golladay could not have been a
valid election. That case is pending; it is
the subject of inquiry and the taking of testi-
mony. I suppose this gentleman would be
also interested in the hearing of that case,
because if it be decided one way it would put
an end to his claim.
It seems to mo it would be the proper way
to have these credentials referred, in the first
instance, to the Committee of Elections, in
order that the whole matter .may be examined
and reported upon at one hearing. I there-
fore move that, before this man be sworn in,
these credentials be referred to the Committee
of Elections, and that he be not sworn in until
report upon the case be made.
Mr. ADAMS. I desire in this case to call
the attention of the House to the fact that Mr.
George B. Blakey claims to have been elected
a member of the Fortieth Congress at the May
election in Kentucky. He, however, has not
the certificate of election. Mr. Golladay, who
comes here claiming the seat, has the certificate
of election.
In order that the House may know how to
act upon this matter I wish to make a brief
statement, which I think will set forth the facts
so plainly that the House will understand them.
They are few and simple:
In May last, at the regular election in Ken-
tucky for Congressmen, Mr. George B. Blakey
was a candidate against Judge Hise, who was
a former member of Congress. At that elec-
tion, as the returns show, Mr. Blakey received
about 1,"2Q0 votes, and Judge Hise received
7,TOO votes, showing a majority in favor of
Judge Hise'of over 0,000. Shortly after the
election, however, and before the certificate
was awarded to Judge Hise, or to any one
else, J udge Ilise died. Dr. Blakey then made
the point before the board at Frankfort whether
or not he was entitled to the certificate of elec-
tion, on the ground that Judge Hise had died
before the certificate had been issued to him ;
not setting up the ground that he would have
been entitled to it had Judge Hise lived, but
admitting that Judge Hise had been legally
elected, that had he lived he would have been
entitled to the certificate, and basing his claim
upon the contingency of Judge Hise's death,
and that he had obtained the next largest num-
ber of votes.
Now, sir, Mr. Blakey was not the choice of
the district. Whether Judge Hise would have
been prevented from taking his seat had he
lived, it matters not: in any event, Mr. Blakey
would not have been entitled to the seat. I
know not upon what ground Dr. Blakey now
bases his claim. I know that at one time he
based it upon the ground that Judge Hise had
died without receiving the certificate. But
whatever may be the ground of his claim at
present, I know the Constitution of the United
States says in emphatic terms that—-
"The House of Representatives shall be composed
of members chosen every sccond year by the people
of the several States;"
and I know Dr. Blakey was not so chosen.
On the contrary, the district has given em-
phatic expression of opinion to show, not only
that it did not choose Mr. Blakey then, but
that the probability is that it would never
choose him. Out of about nine thousand-votes
he received only about twelve hundred votes.
But, sir, while I think the House might,
upon this statement of facts, decide now who is
entitled to the seal, I ask the admission of Mr.
Golladay upon a different ground. I do not
ask that the House shall this morning, unless
it feels so disposed, settle the final issue; I
simply claim that Mr. Golladay is the accred-
ited, authorized member, and is therefore
entitled to be admitted to a seat. Whether he
shall ultimately be declared entitled to the seat
is another question. Mr. Golladay, however,
comes here as the member-elect, bearing the
certificate of election, and as such he is, in my
view, entitled to be sworn in pending the con-
test. if there is to be a contest. The ground I
take in the matter is that the man coming here
accredited with the certificate of election is
entitled to the seat pending the contest, unless
there be objection in regard to his personal
qualifications ; and I presume there is no such
objection in this case.
in support of this opinion I read from a
report made last July by the Committee of
Elections, of which the gentleman who has
made this motion to refer is chairman:
"But all charges touching the disloyalty of a con-
stituency in a State in which loyal civil government
was not overthrown during the late rebellion, or the
illegality of an election, are matters w%hich pertain
to a contest in the ordinary way, and should not pre-
vent a person holding a regular certificate from tak-
ing his seat."
This was a report majle by the gentleman who
was last np, [Mr. Dawes ;] this is the opinion
which he then expressed in this body. Thecaso
which I present to-day is one exactly similar
to that. Mr. Golladay holds the certificate of
election. The opinion of the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] in the report from
which I have just read was that any person
holding a certificate should be allowed to take
his seat, and that any question as to the irregu-
larity or informality oi the election, or the dis-
loyally of the constituency, or any other mat-
ter of that kind^is to be decided in a contest.
I hope that the House will adhere to the opinion
expressed at that time by the Committee of
Elections, and that thegentleman from Massa-
chusetts, in view of the opinion which he then
expressed, will withdraw the motion which he
has made. I hope that Mr. Golladay, who
comes here duly accredited as a member, bear-
ing the certificate of election, will be permitted,
in accordance with the usages of the House, to
take his seatr however the Ho.use may ulti-
mately decide any questions raised in the form
of a contest.
Mr._ PAINE. Mr. Speaker, this is a case
to which I had occasion to call the attention
of the House at a former session of this Con-
gress. It has this peculiarity: Mr. Hise, for-
merly a member of this House, to whom the
Governor of Kentucky issued a certificate as
having been elected to represent his district in
this Congress, died without taking his seat,
and, as I am informed, without receiving the
certificate. Dr. Blakey came before this House,
not for the purpose of contesting Mr. Hise's
seat—as he would have done if Mr. Hise had
lived, but to claim that he was duly elected by
the people of that district. Now, we had pro-
vided by law rules for a contest where the
member claiming the seat under the certifi-
cate had beeif admitted to it; but we had no
rules for a case of this kind, where the claim-
ant under the certificate was dead, where no
person presented himself as entitled to the
seat under the certificate. Accordingly, at a
former session of this Congress, we made
rules—as we had a right to do—for the trial of
this particular case; and we submitted this
case to the Committee of Elections, to be
examined by them.
That committee has been taking testimony in
this case in the State of Kentucky. I do not
know what that testimony is; I have not yet
had an opportunity to examine it. But I know,
as I presume all the members of this House
will readily see, that this is not the occasion to
investigate the merits of that case as between
Dr. Blakey and the gentleman to whom the
certificate was first given by the Governor of
Kentucky. But it is very plain that until that
case shall have been decided we do not know
whether there has been any vacancy or whether
there will be any vacancy in the representation
of that district. It is true that the Governor
of Kentucky has assumed that there was a
vacancy; that there was no one entitled under
the former election to a place on this floor as
a Representative of that district; he has ordered
a new election and has given a new certificate.
But it seems to mo that it would be exceed-
ingly improper to withdraw the case from the
hands of the Committee of Elections, to whom
it has been already intrusted, because of the
Governor of the State, assuming that there was
a vacancy, has ordered a new election and has
issued another certificate.
Now, it is not true that in this House Dr.
Blakey claims his seat because Mr. Hise is
dead. On the contrary, as I had opportunity
to know, having given attention to it at a
former session of Congress, he claims his seat
upon the ground of having received a majority
of the legal votes cast at that election. He
does not claim to have received a majority of
the votes actually cast, but he does claim,
whatever may have been said in Kentucky—
he does claim here, sir, as I know, having read
the document he has presented here, to have
received a majority of the votes legally cast in
lhat district at a former election ; and he has
undertaken to prove that before the sub-com-
mittec sent to Kentucky to investigate his case,
among others. I think until that testimony is
heard, until the report of the committee is
received, until the case then made is known
and submitted to the committee, we ought not
to admit anew Representative from this district
on this floor.
Mr. DAWES. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. ADAMS. _ Let me make one more
remark before you call for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. DAWES. Certainly.
Mr. ADAMS. The gentleman from Wis-
consin seems to have misunderstood the point
I intended to make in the matter. There are
here two persons claiming a seat from that dis-
trict in Kentucky, one having a certificate from
the proper authority in the State of Kentucky,
and the other having no such certificate. I do
not propose, as the gentleman from Wisconsin
seems to imagine, to withdraw this case from
the Committee of Elections. Let it go to the
committee. Let the committee go on and con-
sider the matter, but pending the considera-
tion of the matter, until it shall be decided who
is entitled to the seat, I ask that the member
who comes here as the authorized member,
having the certificate, shall be admitted, and
