1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
783
that the rule which has always been observed,
a rule which the chairman of the committee,
among others, committed himself to last, sum-
mer, shall in this case be observed, as in all
other cases.
Now, the proposition, so the gentleman may
not be again mistaken, and so the House may
understand it, is this, not that this matter may
be finally decided this morning, not that the
House shall take it from the consideration of
the Committee of Elections, but that the mem-
ber who appears here holding the certificate
shall be sworn in and admitted to this House as
all others are unless on the ground of personal
disqualification, and I hear of no such ground as
that. The question is shall he be admitted as
a member bearing the certificate, and shall his
certificate be referred and let the committee
and the House determine as other like cases
have before been determined ? -
Mr. Speaker, it does seem to me, and I ask
this House whether, if Dr. Blakey came here
claiming a seat and bearing the certificate, he
would not be admitted. If so, ought not Mr.
Golladay to be admitted? The question in
this is simply as in all others where there is a
contest and two men are claiming a seat, one
having the certificate and the other not having
it; and let this case go as all other contested
cases have gone, and in the way in which the
committee reported last year they thought they
ought to go. And to refresh the recollection
of some gentlemen, and particularly of the
chairman of the committee who does not seem
to have read it recently, I will again give the
opinion entertained by the committee in July
last:
" All charges touching: the disloyalty of a constitu-
ency in a State, or the legality of an election, are
malleiwhich pertain to a contest in the ordinary
way, and should not prevent the person holding the
regular certificate from taking a seat."
The poiut made by the member from Wis-
consin was this : that Dr. Blakey did not re-
ceive a majority of the votes cast, but that he
did receive a majority of the legal votes. The
opinion of the committee as then expressed was
that the question of the legality of votes cast
or of the loyalty of constituents was one that
should be referred to the committee to be
determined in the regular way, and should not
prevent the member holding the certificate from
taking his seat.
Mr. Golladay presents himself here to-day
as a member-elect holding that certificate. I
ask that he may be permitted to take his seat,
and that the matter be then referred, with his
credentials, if necessary, to the Committee of
Elections. Pending the examination let him
be allowed to be sworn in and take his seat,
and then let the question be decided by the
committee. There is no proposition to dis-
turb the matter. Let Mr. Golladay hold his
seat until the question is finally determined
whether he is entitled to it or not.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I have no occa-
sion to qualify anything set forth in the report
made at the last session, which has been read
by the gentleman from Kentucky. I think that
report covers the present case, and what em-
barrasses the gentleman from Kentucky this
morning, in my opinion, is his failure to make
the application of it to this case. The question
whether Mr. Blakey was entitled to he sworn
in was one that was before the House at the
last session. He claimed to be the regularly
chosen member from the third district in Ken-
tucky. The House referred the question to the
Committee of Elections and instructed the
committee, according to a rule it then laid down,
to investigate the question whether Mr. Blakey
was then, at that time, a duly elected member
from the third district of Kentucky. Since
that decision of the House the Governor of
Kentucky has assumed to say that Mr. Blakey
was not elected, and that this proceeding of the
House of Representatives was without found-
ation and must stop, because he ordered an
election to fill a vacancy, the question whether
a vacancy existed or not being now investigated
before the House of Representatives. And he,
by a subsequent proceeding, furnishes another
man with a certificate of election grounded upon
an election, I suppose, according to the forms
of law in Kentucky.
Now, Mr. Speaker, this is a case that has no
precedent in any of the cases that have occurred
Sieretofore. Pending a man's claim to a seat,
pending an investigation of the legality of his
election, there comes in a matter of fact which
has occurred since that election has taken place.
It is true that it is covered by the form of a certifi-
cate from the Governor of Kentucky, but it is
not a certificate in the ordinary form, in this,
that it certifies that a man has been elected at
a special election, to fill a vacancy that has
occurred since the regular election, and while
there is pending before the House of Repre-
sentatives the question whether there did occur
any such vacancy since the regular election.
Now, sir, while anything which I had the
honor to say in that report i3 entirely sound,
X do not see how it is possible to apply the
rules laid down there to this case without fore-
closing Dr. Blakey from any further investiga-
tion of the question of a vacancy existing at
that time. I express no opinion at this time
upon the merits of Dr. Blakey's claim, nor
upon the merits of the claim of the other gen-
tleman.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman allow
me to inquire of him whether, if this party now
holdingthe certificate be swornin, with an order
that his credentials be referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections,'and with his right to a seat
dependent upon its final decision upon the
question of a vacancy, the question is foreclosed
at all?
Mr. DAWES. My answer to the gentleman
is this: that if you swear this man in and refer
his credentials to the Committee of Elections,
and there stop, what has the committee to do
with the matter? There is where the gentle-
man from Ohio stops. The committee is now
going on. with the investigation of the previous
case, according to a rule which the House itself,
not the committee, prescribed. We go on with
that investigation, these credentials lying on
our table, with no instruction on the part of
the House to touch these credentials, if we stop
where the gentleman from Ohio stops. But
we decide, for instance—I do not say there
is the slightest reason to suppose we shall so
decide, but the fact that it is referred to us to
examine and report gives the occasion and the
opportunity to so deeidc—wo come in and
decide, upon the investigation now pending and
the testimony now taken, that Mr. Blakey is
entitled to the seat, thereby putting two men
into the same seat, which, according to the laws
of natural philosophy, is an impossibility, be-
cause no two such bodies can occupy the same
seat at the same time.
I have no eare about this matter at all; but
I see what an awkward predicament the House
would be planed in if perchance the commit-
tee should report that Mr. Blakey is entitled
to the seat by virtue of the investigation in
which this man has had no hand, no opportu-
nity for a hearing, while he has been at the
same time occupying a seat. Therefore, I
think the safest way is to refer this gentleman's
credentials to the committee and let them con-
sider it along with the other cases, and make
but one report. It will decide either that
Dr. Blakey or this gentleman, Mr. Golladay, is
entitled to the seat, and that ends the matter.
I will now yield to the gentleman from \V is-
consin, [Mr. Eldridge.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire simply to ask
the gentleman from Massachusetts a question,
and it is this: if the validity of the applicant's
credentials must not depend upon the fact
whether a vacancy exists, and if no vacancy
is found to have existed at the time when he
was elected, if that does not decide precisely
the question which the gentleman says would
involve us in the difficulty of having two men
in the same seat at the same time?
Mr. DA WES. I thought I answered that
question. We have pending before us a case,
it is the case of Dr. Blakey, claiming to have
been elected from Kentucky at a certain time
to a Certain seat in this House. We are hearing
him. The House has prescribed how he shall
take his testimony. He hastakenit. Itis before
thecommittee. Suppose the committeecomein
here, for instance, and report that Dr. Blakey
was at. such a time elected to this seat and the
House should see fit to adopt that report, the
report itself and the adoption of the report
would not exclude either man ; or if it would
exclude Mr. Golladay, it would work manifest
injustice to him, because his case would have
been decided without an opportunity for a hear-
ing on- his part; and therefore justice to him
requires that' he should be made a party, an
interlocutory party, so to speak, a party having
his right in consequence of something which
has happened since the last continuance of the
case.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Cannot that as well be
done while he is occupying his seat under the
credentials with which the sovereign State of
Kentucky has sent him here?
Mr. DAWES. I do not know but it may; I
do not mean to say that it may not. I now yield
to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kerb.]
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, 1 desire, in the
first place, to correct what seems to be a mis-
apprehension on the part of the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] on the subject of the
duties of the sub-committee of the Committee
of Elections which went to Kentucky to invest-
igate certain cases. He seems to suppose that
it was part of the duty of that sub-committee
to investigate the claim of Dr. Blakey to the
seat now in controversy. That is a mistake.
It was no part of the business of that sub-com-
mittee to investigate this case, and they did not
in any degree whatever investigate the case or
give any attention to it at all. They did not
take one word of evidence on this subject; they
did not consider it at all; indeed, it was not
before them.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it seems to me that the
difficulty suggested by the honorable membor
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] in no way
involves a necessity on the part, of this House
of establishing anew or different rule from that
which ordinarily governs and regulates cases
of this kind, to wit: that the member having a
prima facie title to the seat shall be permitted,
pending the contest, to be sworn in, and to
occupy the seat. Now, applying that rule to
this case, it becomes apparent to every gentle-
man that Mr. Golladay is the person occupying
that relation before the House now. He comes
here in possession of a prima facie title to this
scat. He comes here with credentials upon
their face regular, in due form, and attesting a
regular and legal election.
Now, it is suggested that if this gentleman ia
allowed to be sworn in and to keep the seat pend-
ing further controversy about it the House may
be involved in the singular anomaly of having
at the same instant of time two men entitled to
the same seat. But that cannot result at all,
sir, for the very obvious reason that if Mr. Gol-
laday is permitted to occupy this seat pending
the contest the moment that contest is deter-
mined by the action of the appropriate commit-
tee of the House, and their action is approved
by the House, if it be against Mr. Golladay, he~
must retire from the seat and Dr. Blakey must
take it. But is it not as necessary in this case
as in any other case that there should be a con-
testee as well as a contestant? Who is the con-
testee here? Judge Hise is dead; he is not
here to contest the right to the seat with Dr.
Blakey. Who then is now interested as con-
testee or in any other capacity? Certainly,
Sir. Golladay. Nobody else has anj? interest
now in this seat except the people of Kentucky.
Mr. Golladay is the only gentleman besides Dr,
Blakey who is entitled to come here and claim
this seat. He comes here in the possession of
& prima facietvAe, while Dr. Blakey comes here
in possession of no shadow or color of title. It
seems to me. therefore, that the rule and pre-
cedents require the House to suffer this gentle-
man to be swornin and occupy the seat, and that
Dr. Blakey shall be allowed to contest with Ivim
the right to the seat. The fact that Mr. O-olla-
