784
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
November 25,
day's claim has intervened since the origin of
the case of Dr. Blakey cannot change the legal
relations of the parties to the House. Suppose
that Dr. Blakey should be allowed to go on and
make his case as well as he can, would that be
doing justice to Mr. Golladay, who has a prima
facie right to occupy the seat here, or to the
State of Kentucky, to refuse him the right to be
heard in connection with the case of Dr. Blakey ?
It appears to me that upon every principle of
justice, and every precedent established by the
House during the last fifty years, the regular
course would be to allow Mr. Golladay 4o oc-
cupy the seat pending the contest; he then
becomes the contestee, and let Dr. Blakey go
on as the contestant and make out his case.
And then, when the committee decide the
one case they will also decide the other, and
the controversy will be ended, and no injustice
to either party can be done pending the contest.
It is clear that Mr. Blakey is not now en-
titled to be sworn in. It is clear, as a prima
facie, case, that Mr. G-olladay is entitled to be
sworn in. I submit, therefore, that the posi-
tions taken by the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Adams] are fair and just. In my judg-
ment, without expressing any opinion whatever
upon the merits of the case in relation to either
of these gentlemen, it is the duty of the House
to allow Mr. Golladay to be sworn in, and then
to suffer the contest to go on in the regular
course. In this way, and in'this way alone, the
House can vindicate its own law and maintain
its own consistency in reference to cases of
this kind.
Mr. DAWES. I now call the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and
the main- question ordered; which was upon
referring the certificate to the Committee of
Elections.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 105, nays 38, not voting
38; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Delos R. Ashley,
JamesM. Ashley, Baldwin, Banks, Beaman, Benton,
Boufcwell, Bromweil, Brootnall, Buokland, Butler,
Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
Coburn, Cook, Oovode, Cullom, Dawes, Dodge, Don-
nelly, Driggs, Eggleston, 131a, Eliot, Ferriss, Ferry,
Fields, Garfield, Gravely, Halsey. Hamilton, Harding,
Hawkins, Higby, Hopkins, Chester I). Hubbard,
Hulburd, HuntervIngersoll, Jeriekes, Judd, Julian,
Kelley, Keisey, Ketcham, Laflin, George V. Law-
renec, William Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Logan,
Loughridge, Mallory, Marvin, Maynard, McCarthy,
MeClurg, Merour, Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Morrill,
Mulling, Myers. Nowcomb, Nunn, O'Neill, Paine,
Pcrliam, Pike, Pile, Plants, Polsley, Ponieroy, Saw-
yer, Schenck, Shanks, Smith, Spalding, Aaron F.
Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens, Stokes, Taylor, Trimble,
Trowbridge, Twichell, Upson, Robert T. Van Horn,
Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Eiihu B. Wash-
gume, Henry D. Washburn, William B. Washburn,
Welker, Thomas Williams, William Williams, James
Wilson, John T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Win-
dom, and Woodbridge—105.
STAYS—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Axtell,Baker,Barnes,
Bingham, Blair, Boyer, Brooks, Burr, Cary, Chanler,
Bldridge, Farnsworth, Getz. Glossbrenner, Haight,
Hotehkiss, Richard_ J>. llubbard, Johnson, Kerr,
Morgan, Mungen.Niblaek, Nicholson,Peters, Phelps,
Poland, Pruyn, Kandall, Robinson, Ross, Sitgreaves,
Starkweather, Taber, Van Auken, Van Trump,
and Woodward—38.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, Amell, Barnum,
Benjamin, Blaine, Burr, Cake, Cornell, Dixon, Eckley.
Finney, Fox, Griswuld,Hill, Holman,Hooper, Asahel
W. Hubbard, Humphrey, Kitehen, Koontz, Lynch,
Marshal], MeCullough, Morrissey, Orth, Price, Raum,
Robertson, Scofield, Selye, Shellabarger, Stewart,
Stone, TafFe, Thomas, Van Aernain, Burt Van Horn.
Van Wyck, and Wood—38.
So the motion to refer was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
last taken; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
now commenced. The first business during
the morning hour is the calling of States and
Territories for bills and joint resolutions for
reference to appropriate committees, not to
bs.brought back to the House -by motions to
reconsider; under which call joint resolutions
and memorials of State and territorial Legis-
latures may be presented and referred.
military peace establishment.
Mr. BLAINE introduced a joint resolution
to reduce and reorganize the military peace
establishment of the United States; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
national currency.
Mr. PERHAM introduced a bill to amend
an act entitled "An act to provide a national
currency secured by pledge of United States
bonds, and to provide for the circulation and
redemption thereof," approved June 3, 1864 ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Banking and
Currency.
drawback upon certain imports.
Mr. LYNCH introduced a bill to allow a
drawback upon articles used in the construc-
tion of vessels, and for other purposes; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee of WaysandMeans, and ordered
to be printed.
national currency.
Mr. POLAND introduced a bill to amend
section forty-one of an act to provide a national
currency, passed June 3, 1864; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Banking and Cuirency, and ordered
to be printed.
richard willard.
Mr. POLAND also introduced a bill for the
relief of Richard Willard ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
henry e. morse.
Mr. POLAND also introduced a bill for the
relief of the widow and children of Henry E.
Morse; which was read afirst and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
redemption op five-twenty bonds.
Mr. ELIOT introduced a bill pledging the
faith of the United States to the payment in
coin of certain public securities known as five-
twenty bonds; which was read afirst and second
time, referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
public debt.
Mr. BUTLER introduced a joint resolution
relative to the public debt; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
definition op impeachable offenses.
Mr. KELSEY introduced a bill to define the
meaning of the words "high crimes and mis-
demeanors," as used in section four of article
two of the Constitution of the United States;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
hudson river west shore railroad.
Mr. ROBINSON introduced a bill granting
a certain right of way to the Hudson River
West Shore Railroad Company; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
repeal of tax on cotton, etc.
Mr. BARNES introduced a joint resolution
to repeal the tax on cotton; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. KELLEY introduced a bill for the repeal
of the internal taxes imposed by existing laws
on cotton and the productions of mechanical
and manufacturing industry ; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
claim of r. w. meade.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania, intro-
duced a joint resolution amendatory of a joitrt
resolution relating to the claim of R. W. Meade,
approved July 25, 1866 ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
legal-tender notes.
Mr. BROOMALL introduced a bill to fix
the value of legal-tender notes, and to provide
for their redemption; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Banking and Currency, and ordered to be
printed.'
bounties for drafted men.
Mr. MORRELL introduced a bill authoriz-
ing the payment of bounties to persons who
were rejected as volunteers and were imme-
diately afterward drafted and held to service;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
internal revenue.
Mr. MILLER introduced a bill supplement-
ary to an act to provide internal revenue to
support the Government, to pay interest on
the public debt, and for other purposes; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the CommitteeofWaysandMeans, and ordered
to be printed.
bankrupt law.
Mr. MILLER also introduced a-bill supple-
mentary to the bankrupt law of March 2, 1867;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
annexation of mexico.
Mr. MILLER also introduced a joint reso-
lution in regard to the annexation of the repub-
lic of Mexico to the United States; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
first presbyterian church.
Mr. MOORHEAD introduced a bill to incor-
porate the congregation of the First Presbyte-
rian church of Washington; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
contraction of the currency, etc.
Mr. EGGLESTON introduced a joint reso-
lution to prevent the further contraction of the
currency and the further conversion of the
currency of the United States into bonds, the
interest or principal of which is payable in
gold ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
courts in florida.
Mr. PLANTS introduced a bill to change
the time of holding the courts in the northern
district of Florida, and for other purposes;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
navy-yard at cleveland.
Mr. SPALDING introduced a bill to estab-
lish a navy-yard at Cleveland, in the State of
Ohio ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
cancellation of united states notes.
Mr. BINGHAM introduced a joint resolu-
tion to repeal all acts which authorize the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to retire and cancel
United States notes; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
preemption laws.
Mr. JULIAN introduced a bill amendatory
of the preemption laws of the United States,
and for other purposes ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
additional bounty.
_ Mr. JULIAN also introduced a bill in rela-
tion to additional bounty; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
