786
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
November 25,
Committee on Agriculture—Rowland E.
Trowbridge, of Michigan ; George V. Law-
rence, of Pennsylvania; Lewis \V. Ross, of
Illinois; Carman A. Newcomb, of Missouri;
William C. Fields, of New York; John T.
Wilson, of Ohio; William Loughridge, of Iowa;
Bethuel M. Kitchen, of West Virginia; and
James A. Johnson, of California.
Committee on Indian Affairs—William Win-
dom, of Minnesota; Asahel W. Hubbard, of
Iowa; Sidney Clarke, of Kansas ; Lewis W.
Ross, of Illinois; Robert T. Van Horn, of Mis-
souri ; Glenni W. Scofield, of Pennsylvania;
John P. C. Shanks, of Indiana; John Taffe,
of Nebraska; and William Mungen, of Ohio.
Committee on Military Affairs—James A.
Garfield, of Ohio; Frederick A. Pike, of
Maine; John H. Ketcham, of New York;
Henry D. Washburn, of Indiana; Grenville
M. Dodge, of Iowa; Green B. Raum, of. Illi-
nois; Isaac R. Hawkins, of Tennessee;
Charles Sitgreaves, of New Jersey ; and Ben-
jamin M. Boyer, of Pennsylvania.
Committee on the Militia—Halbert E, Paine,
of Wisconsin ; Abner C. Harding, of Illinois ;
Ralph P. Buckland, of Ohio; Nathaniel P.
Banks, of Massachusetts ; Joseph J. Gravely,
of Missouri; Austin Blair, of Michigan;
John P. C. Shanks, of Indiana; George M.
Adams, of Kentucky; and Daniel M. Van
Auken, of Pennsylvania.
Committee on Naval Affairs—Frederick A.
Pike, of Maine; William D. Ifelley, of Penn-
sylvania; Ginery Twichell, of Massachu-
setts; Thomas E. Stewart, of New York;
Henry H. Starkweather, of Connecticut;
Thomas W. Ferry, of Michigan; Aaron F.
Stevens^ of New Hampshire; Stevenson Ar-
cher, of Maryland ; and Charles Haight, of
New Jersey.
Committee on Foreign Affairs—Nathaniel
P. Banks, of Massachusetts ; Godlove S. Orth,
of Indiana; Shelby M.'Cullom, of Illinois; Cad-
walader C.-Washburn, of Wisconsin ; Dennis
McCarthy, of New York; Austin Blair, of
Michigan ; Leonard Myers, of Pennsylvania;
WilliamE. Robinson, ofNewYork; and George
W. Morgan, of Ohio.
Committee on the Territories— James M. Ash-
ley, of Ohio ; Shelby M. Cullom, of Illinois ;
James M. Marvin, of New York ; Morton C.
Hunter, of Indiana; Caleb N. Taylor, of
Pennsylvania ; James Mullins, of Tennessee ;
John Taffe, of Nebraska; Fernando Wood,
of New York ; and Julius Hotchkiss, of Con-
necticut.
Committee on Revolutionary and War of
1812 Pensions—Benjamin F. Loan, of Mis-
souri ; James Mullins, of Tennessee ; Hiram
Price, of Iowa; William B. Washburn, of
Massachusetts; George F. Miller, of Pennsyl-
vania ; Lewis Selye, of New York ; Henry D.
Washburn, of Indiana; Albert G. Burr, of
Illinois ; and John Morrissey, of New York.
Committee on Invalid, Pensions — Sidney
Perham, of Maine; Henry Van Aernam, of
New York ; John F. Benjanin. of Missouri;
Cornelius S. Hamilton, of Ohio; David A.
Nunn, of Tennessee; George F. Miller, of
Pennsylvania; Daniel Polsley, of West Vir-
ginia ; Albert G. Burr, of Illinois ; and John
Fox, of New York.
Committee on Roads and Canals — Bur-
ton C. Cook, of Illinois; Thomas Cornell, of
New York ; John T. Wilson, of Ohio ;. Henry
L. Cake, of Pennsylvania; Carman A. New-
comb, of Missouri; Grenville M. Dodge, of
Iowa; Dennis McCarthy, of New York;
Michael C. Kerr, of Indiana; and William H.
Barnum, of Connecticut.
Committee on Mines and Mining—William
Higby, of California; Delos R. Ashley, of
Nevada; John F. Driggs, of Michigan; James
M. Ashley, of Ohio; Orange Ferriss, of New
York; Morton C. Hunter, of Indiana; Rufus
Mallory, of Oregon; George W. Woodward.of
Pennsylvania; and Charles Sitgreaves, of New
Jersey.
Committee on Freedmen's Affairs—Thomas
D. Eliot, of Massachusetts; John Trimble, of
Tennessee; Benjamin F. Loan, of Missouri;
Halbert E. Paine, of Wisconsin; Jacob H. Ela,
of New Hampshire; Daniel J. Morrell, of
Pennsylvania ; Jehu Baker, of Illinois; George
M. A*dams, of Kentucky; andJuliusIIotchkiss,
of Connecticut.
Committee on Education and Labor—Jehu
Baker, of Illinois; Samuel F. Cary, of Ohio;
George W. Julian, of Indiana; George S. Bout-
well, of Massachusetts; Stephen F. Wilson, of
Pennsylvania; Thomas Cornell, of New York;
Joseph J. Gravely, ofMissouri; Demas Barnes,
of New York; and Frederick Stone, of Mary-
land.
Committee on Coinage, Weights, and Meas-
ures—William D. Kelley, of Pennsylvania;
Norman B. Judd, of Illinois; Worthington C.
Smith, of Vermont; Orange Ferriss, of New
York; John Hill, of New Jersey; Samuel F.
Cary, of Ohio ;'and Samuel B. Axtell, of Cal-
ifornia.
Committee on Patents—Thomas A. Jenckes,
of Rhode Island; Leonard Myers, of Pennsyl-
vania-; John W. Chanler, of New York; Henry
P. H. Bromwell, of Illinois; and John A.
Peters, of Maine.
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds
—John Covode, of Pennsylvania; Burt Van
Horn, of New York; Amasa Cobb, of Wis-
consin; William Moore, of New Jersey; and
John A. Nicholson, of Delaware.
Committee on Revisal and Unfinished Busi-
ness—Luke P. Poland, of Vermont; James F.
Wilson, of Iowa; Theodore M. Pomeroy, of
New York; William Windom, of Minnesota;
and Samuel S. Marshall, of Illinois.
Committee on Mileage—George W. Ander-
son, of Missouri; Tobias A. Plants, of Ohio ;
Henry Van Aernam, of .New York ; Green B.
Raum, of Illinois; and J. Lawrence Getz, of
Pennsylvania.
Committee on Accounts—John M. Broomall,
of Pennsylvania; Ephraim R. Eckley, of Ohio;
Samuel M; Arnell, of Tennessee ; William C.
Fields, ofNewYork; and Hiram McCullough,
of Maryland.
Committee on Expenditures of State Depart-
ment—Samuel M. Arnell, of Tennessee; Fred-
erick A. Pike, of Maine; Darwin A. Finney,
of Pennsylvania ; Reader W. Clarke, of Ohio ;
and James M. Humphrey, of New York.
Committee on Expenditures of Treasury
Department—James M. Marvin, of New York ;
Henry H. Starkweather, of Connecticut; Caleb
N. Taylor, of Pennsylvania; Bethuel M. Kit-
chen, of West Virginia; and WilliamE. Robin-
son, of New York.
Committee on Expenditures of War Depart-
ment—William Williams, of Indiana; Thomas
Williams, of Pennsylvania; James A. Garlield,
of Ohio; Thomas E. Stewart, of New York;
and Charles E. Phelps, of Maryland.
Committee on Expenditures of Navy Depart-
ment— Charles Upson, of Michigan ; Henry L.
Dawes, of Massachusetts; Charles II. Van
Wyck, of New York; Francis Thomas, of
Maryland; and Adam J. Glossbrenner, of
Pennsylvania.
Committee on Expenditures of Interior De-
partment—Chester: D. Hubbard, of West Vir-
ginia ; William H. Koontz, of Pennsylvania;
.Alexander H. Bailey, of New York; Ginery
Twichell, of Massachusetts; and George W.
Morgan, of Ohio.
Committee on Expenditures of Post Office
Department—William A. Pile, of Missouri;
Benjamin Eggleston, of Ohio; Charles O'Neill,
of Pennsylvania; John H. Ketcham, of New
York; and Richard*©. Hubbard, of Connec-
ticut.
Committee on Expenditures on Public Build-
ings—CadwaladerC. Washburn, of Wisconsin;
Nathan E\ Dixon, of Rhode Island; Calvin T.
Hulburd, of New York; Robert T. Van Horn, of
Missouri; and Stevenson Archer, of Maryland.
Joint Committee on Library—John D. Bald-
win, of Massachusetts; John V. L. Pruyn, of
New York; and Rufus P. Spalding, of Ohio.
Joint Committee on Printing—-Addison H.
Laflin, of New York ; Jacob H. Ela, of New
Hampshire ; and Henry L. Cake, of Pennsyl-
Joint Committee on Enrolled Bills—Stephen
F. Wilson, of Pennsylvania; Benjamin P.
Hopkins, of Wisconsin; and William S. Hol-
man, of Indiana.
Joint Committee on Retrenchment—Charles
H. Van Wyck, of New York; Samuel J. Ran-
dall, of Pennsylvania; Martin Welker, of
Ohio; George A. Halsey, of New Jersey;
Thomas A. Jenckes, of Rhode Island; John
F. Benjamin, of Missouri; and Jacob Benton,
of New Hampshire.
.The following investigating committees were
also appointed earlier in this first session of
the Fortieth Congress:
Committee on Southern Railroads—Joseph
W. MeClurg, of Missouri; Ulysses Mercur, of
Pennsylvania ; Henry D'. Washburn, of Indi-
ana ; John W. Chanler, of New York; and
Philetus Sawyer, of Wisconsin.
Committee on Assassination of President
Lincoln—Benjamin F. Butler, of Massachu-
setts ; Samuel Shellabarger, of Ohio ; George
W. Julian, of Indiana; Hamilton Ward, of
New York; and Samuel J. Randall, of Penn-
sylvania.' '
Committee on Treatment of Union Prisoners
—John P. C. Shanksj of Indiana; William
A. Pile, of Missouri; Abner C. Harding, of
Illinois; Aaron F. Stevens, of New Hamp-
shire; and William Mungen, of Ohio.
Committee on the Pay Department—Wil-
liam S. Lincoln,- of New York; Glenni W.
Scofield, of Pennsylvania; Amasa Cobb, of
Wisconsin ; Ralph P. Buekland, of Ohio ; and
William S. Holman, of Indiana.
Committee on Soldiers' and Sailors' Boun-
ties—Henry D. Washburn, of Indiana; Hal-
bert E. Paine, of Wisconsin; and J. Lawrence
Getz, of Pennsylvania.
impeachment of minister adams.
The SPEAKER. The next business in
order is the consideration of the question of
privilege pending on Thursday last, when the
House adjourned, in relation to impeachment
of Minister Adams, and upon which the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Robinsox] is enti-
tled to the floor for fifty minutes.
The resolution offered by Mr. Robinson on
Thursday last is as follows:
Whereas Charles Francis Adams, United Stales
minister to Great Britain, has been charged with
neglect of duty toward American citizens in England
and Ireland by failing to secure their rights as such
citizens: Therefore,
Beitresolved, That the Committoe on Foreign Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the foregoing chaigo
and to report thereon forthwith, to the end that, if
the charge be true, aitides of impeachment against
said Charles Francis Adams maybe presented by this
House to the Senate of the United States; that the
President of the United States be requested to tele-
graph to the said Charles Francis Adams imme-
diately to demand his passports and to return home;
that the Secretary of State be instructed to commu-
nicate to this House ail correspondence to and from
the Department for the two years last past on tho
arrest, imprisonment, trial, or conviction of any
American citizen, or any person claiming to be sueh,
in Great Britain and Ireland, without reference to
its public effect, to be considered, if need be, in secret
session of this House.
Mr. ROBINSON. Mr. Speaker, when I
yielded the floor, on Thursday last, for a mo-
tion to adjourn, I had stated that, for years
past, efforts had been made in Congress, and
to our ministers at the English Court, to secure
or vindicate the^ rights of American citizens
visiting Great Britain. Hitherto these eiforts
have proved fruitless. During the March and
July sittings of this session of Congress, by
resolutions which I had the honor to intro-
duce, this House called upon the President
for such correspondence as had taken place
between this Government and that of Great
Britain relative to the arrest, imprisonment,
trial, conviction, or punishment of American
citizens in that country. The Secretary of
State, through the President, if I remember
correctly, refused to transmit that correspond-
ence, on the ground of some dreaded detri-
ment to the public good.
While we have failed to obtain either inform-
ation or satisfaction, outrages have contiwied
and are now being perpetrated upon our citi-
zens in Great Britain.. I have resolved, there-
