788
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
November 25,
scientiousness were never more manifest, as they were j
never more valuable, than on this occasion—address-
ing the prisoner, said; ' Prisoner, if, notwithstanding
what has occurred, you, on reflection this evening,
should decide, as I do indeed hope you may, to recall
your resolution of not making defenso or being de-
fended, the court will freely permit you to do so, and,
entirely and solely lor your sake, I hope that you
may reconsider that resolve 
"'Prisoner, (bowing profoundly.) My lord, with the
deepest and most sincere respect for your lordship, I
thank you; but I cannot alter that resolution^
"Chief JBaron. Whether you do or not will not alter
the procedure of. the trial.
"Prisoner. Oh, I know that; but the real question
at stake affects millions of my countrymcn. I have
acted on principle. I cannot be inconsistent with
myself 
• "Chief JBaron. Well, I am sorry; solely on your
account.
"Prisoner. My lord, I am prepared for the conse-
quences. I may be convicted here after any fashion
the Government pleases; but (raising his voice) the
case will be settled by a higher court—the American
nation!"
Of course the prisoner was convicted. A
correspondent, describing the closing scene,
says: ^
"The scene in the Dublin court when Colonel War-
ren, finding that hisstatus as an American citizen was
deliberately ignored, and that the old and, as many
supposed, exploded British doctrine ef 4 Once a sub-
ject always a subject'was audaciously enunciated
by the court as the rule that was to govei n his case,
instructed his counsel to withdraw, is described as
one of thrilling interest. No wonder; for, as was
well remarked by a bystander, *it was the first
motion in a great writ of error to be tried by interna-
tional law."'
On the 7th of November, in the .trial? of
Augustine Costello, who had landed with Col-
onel Nagle, Colonel Warren, and others, at
Dungarvan, Judge Keogh, p his charge to the
jury, said:
"The prisoner, through his counsel, Ijad put on
record an objection to the composition of the jury,
not as objecting to any one individually, but claim-
ing the right on behalf of the prisoner that he should
have been tried by a jury half English or Irish and
half foreign or American, If it be true that the
prisoner at tho "bar, admitting himself to he a natu-
ral born subject of this realm, although since he had
obtained letters of citizenship in America, ought to
have had the jury ho demanded, then ho would have
the full benefit of tho entry on tho record. It was
their duty to say that there was no ground whatever
for giving any such jury to tho piisoncr, or any per-
son so circumstanced as ho was; it was their duty, as
administering the law there. He stated that it was
not iii tho power of any born subject of this realm to
throw off his allogiance to the Crown. That was a
subject which had oeen discussed, hcmischtsay, from
the days of Cicero down to tho present moment. It
was a fact which should be borno in remembrance
by all persons situated as the prisoner was."
"The trial of General Ilalpin commenced on the
8th of November, ilalpin asked that his plea should
bo placed on the record: 'It was that he refused to
plead.' The plea of not guilty was entered, and
paper, pens, and ink supplied to tho prisoner at his
own request. Ilalpin then said, '1 am an American,
and demand ajuryof American citizens.'
"Chief Baron. Do you allege that you were born
in America ?
" Priipner. I leavo that to the Crown lawyers to
discover.
" Chief Baron, Unless you state that you were or
were net born in the country we must rcluse your
application.
"Then (said Ilalpin) I will permit the attprney
general to pack a jury as ho likes."
I beg leave to read the following extract from
a letter of the Dublin correspondent of the New
York Tribune, dated October 20, 18(57, and
published in the daily Tribune of November 8,
1807. It gives some idea of the public interest
taken in the trial of these American citizens:
"Of these men General William Nagle and Colonel
John Warren are regarded by the Crown as the most
important, andtheir trials, it is expected, will follow
immediately after those of Halpin and Farioia. I
have reason to think that the question of the value to
bcattached to their American citizenship isonewhich
will occupy a large space in thoseproceedings. Gen-
eral Nagle is a native-born American, and can claim
that half his jury be composed oi foreigners; Colonel
Warren is anaturalized citizen of America, but of that
fact tho British Government will take no account
whatever.^ They care not a pin for the naturalization
papers which the prisoner can produce; he might just as
well hand them in an old ballad, or a pawnbroker's
ticket, or the programme of a performance bp the Chris-
tp's Minstrels. They repudiate and feoff at those nat-
uralization, papers, and hold boldly to tho doctrine that
every born subject of the British sovereign is hor or
hissubjectallthedaydofhis life, iiutis notthis pre-
tension inconsistent and absolutely irreconcilable witn
the declaration and the compact to which the Amer-
ican Government and those naturalised citizens are
parties? Do not those men, when being accorded the
status of American citizens, solemnly awcarthat they
renounce all allegiance to all other Governments, and
to that ©f ^uoon v ietoria in particular? And docs
not the American Government, which has drawn up
that form of pledge, and which accepts it, and exacts
it as the condition and the very basis of naturali-
zation, thereby undertake a certain responsioihty
which it is bound to makogood against all the world?
Does it not manifestly undertake to become in all re-
spects the Government of these citizens for the future,
and to ignore utterly the claims of any other Govern-
ment on their allegiance? Just observe what is tho
position of tho Irish race in America if those preten-
sions of England in their regard are to bo allowed.
Should a war break out at any time betweon America
and England the latter Power could hang as traitors
any Irishmen whom she might be able to capture from
the American Army or Navy. At the same time the
Americans could shoot any Irishman in their service
who would refuse to fight against theBritish! Surely
there is in this condition of things something for Mr.
Seward to look to.
"This whole subject is keenly and eagerly dis-
cussed among Irishmen at this side of the water, and
it ought to have a still more profound intorest for
the millions of tho Irish race who have chosen their,
homes under what they supposed to be the protect-
ing folds of tho stars and stripes. It will be raised,
as I havo already intimated, during the approach-
ing trials, and in a manner that will bring it promi-
nently under tho notice of both Governments.
" I had nearly forgotten to mention the curious cir-
cumstance that, while Colonel Warren and General
Nagicarc tobe dofcnJed at the expense of the Ameri-
can Government, no such provision is being made
for the defense of other mon who stand in precisely
thesame position. They are American citizens; they
have their papers to prove that fact; the charge
against them is just the same; they were literally in
the same boat.
"Why are two men only to have the aid of the Gov-
ernment, and several qthors, who aro equally inca-
pable of feeing counsel for themselves, and who, jusfe
as much as their more fortunate companions, were
American citizons and American soldiers, to bo left
to the tender mercies of British Crown prosecutors ?*'
I now come to the cases of the prisoners
recently tried and convicted, and three of them,
since this House last adjourned, hanged at
Manchester for the release of Kelly and Deasy
from a prison-van in the city of Manchester.
In the rescue an officer named Brett was shot,
and Justice Blackburn laid down the law that
though one shot killed Brett, yet all who were
present, aiding or abetting, though they had
no ill will against Brett, or even did not know
of his existence, were equally guilty of con-
structive murder.
Application was made to the American min-
ister by some of the prisoners claiming to be
American citizens, but it does not appear that
he took any trouble to aid them. On the con-
trary, he wrote to one of them the following
letter. He had been indicted under the name
of Gould, but his real name was O'Brien :
Legation- of the United States,
London, October 2<3, 1867.
Sir: By the direction of Mr. Adams I have the
honor to acknowledge the reception of your letter to
him of the 14th instant. From information received
from a trustworthy source he finds that you are the
same Michael O'Brien who was ti-ied and claimed
American protection at Liverpool in 1865. You then
received sufficient warning from the United States
consul at that place not to put yourself again in any
danger, and Mr. Adams regrets to learn that you
hive failed to follow that prudent advice.
I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,
BENJAMIN MORAN,
>S'ecretary of Legation.
I dare not trust myself with language to
comment on that letter. I leave it to the Amer-
ican people, who require from him that his
patience should not be exhausted in defending
an American citizen only once. If an Amer-
ican citizen's rights are invaded seventy times
seven it is the duty of the American minister
to come to his aid seventy times seven 5 and
neither the American consul nor the American
minister has any right to tell an American citi-
zen where he shall go or how often he shall
come into danger. Wherever he goes, and how
often soever he may be in danger, h\% flag owes
him protection if he violates no law.
The man to whom that letter was written
was on trial for his life. He was tried by jurors
taken from an excited and ignorant crowd of
stupid Anglo-Saxons. Nodecenttimewasgiven
to prepare for trial, and by a packed jury on
the testimony of the most degraded witnesses,
testifying falsely for the shining reward offered
for conviction, that American citizen, with
that letter from the American minister, the last
message from a country bound to protect him
in his rights, was hung at Manchester day
before yesterday.
Just before being sentenced, to the usual
question why sentence of death should not be
pronounced, he said;
"I shall commence by saying that every witness
who has sworn anything against mo has sworn to
what is false. I have not thrown a stone to my rec-
ollection since I was a boy. I had no pistol in my
possession on the day'when this outrage-was commit-
ted. Youcallitan outrage—I do not. 1 am a citizen
of the United States of America, and if Charles
Francis Adams had done hi£ duty toward me, as he
ought to do' in this country, I would not be in this
dock answering your questions now. Mr. Adams did
not come, though I wrote to him. Ho did not come
to see if I could not find evidence to disprove tho
charge, which I positively could if he had taken the
trouble of sending or comiBg to-see what I could do.
I hope the American people will notice that part of
the business.
"There is nothinginthecloseof my political career
which I regret. I do not know of one act which could
bring the blush of shame to my face, or make me
afraid to meet my God or fellow-man. I would be
most happy, and nothing would givo me greater
pleasure, than to die on the field for my country in
defense of her liberties. As it is,-1 cannot dio on the
field, but I can die oh the scaffold, I hope, as a sol-
dier, a man, and a Christian:"
Another prisoner named Shore, but whose
real name was Condon, followed, and in the
course of his remarks said :
" Now, sir, with regard to the opinions I hold on
national matters—with regard to those men who have
been released from that van, in which unfortunately
life was lost—I am of opinion that certainly, to some
extent, there was an exccss. If tlioso men had been
in other countries, occupying other positions 11 Jef-
ferson Davis had been released in a northern city,
there would have been a cry of applause throuiuiout
all England. If Garibaldi, whom I saw beiorc 1 was
shutout from the world, had been arrested, was
released, or something of that kind had taken place,
they would have applauded the bravery of the act.
If the captives of King Theodore had boon released,
that, too, would have been applauded. But as^it
happened to be in England, of course it is an av/uu
thing. Wo have been found guilty, and as a matter
of course we accept our death as. gracefully as possi-
ble. We are not afraid to die; at least. 1 am nor. _ _
"'NorlT 'Norl!' 'Norll' said the other pus-
oners, with an electric enthusiasm.
" He continued: 'I have no s n or stam upon me,
and I leave this world at peace with all. regard
to the other prisoners who are to be tried afterward,
I hope our blood, at least, will satisfy the craving
for it.' _ v ,
"I, too, am an American citizen, and, 011 i^nglisn
territory, I have committed no crime which makes mo
amenable to the Crown of England. _ I have dons
nothing, and, as a matter of course, I did expect pro-
tection, as this gentleman [pointing to Allen J has said,
tho protection of theambussador of my Government.
I am a citizen of the State of Ohio; but my1S
not Shore. My name is Edward O'Meagher Condon.
I belong to Ohio, and there are loving hearts there
that will be sorry for this. I have nothing but my
best wishes to send them, and my best feelings, and
assure them that I can die as a Christian and an.
Irishman, and that I am not ashamed or at raid 01
anything T have done, or the consequences, either
before God or man. They would bo ashamed 01 me
if I was, in theslightestdegree,acowardoi concealed
my opinions. I only trust again_ that those who are
to be tried after us will have a fair trial, mid that our
blood will satisfy tho craving which I understniid
exists. You will soon b«nd us before our God, and i
am perfectly prepared to go. I have nothing to
regret, nothing to retract or take back. I can only
say, ' God save Ireland.'
" ' God save Ireland 1' shouted tho others by a com-
mon impulse; ' God save Ireland !"'
"The two judges put on their black caps, anu in tho
hushed silence Mr. Justice Meller read the sentence
of death against tho five prisoners. Ihey rose not
only calm and defiant, but triumphant, and passed
quickly from our sight, with one more cry, as tuey
faced the crowd, before descending tho staircasc, or
'God save Ireland 1"'
God save Ireland, shouted these brave Ameri-
can citizens from beneath the gallows, sur-
rouiided by a scowling mob of anti-Irish and
anti-American Englishmen, and here from be-
neath this dome in these Halls of legislation,
whose decrees shall yet govern the world, we
reecho that cry, whether it leaps from our lips
or heaves in our hearts, " God save Ireland!''
Mr. Speaker, I shall not go at length into
the history of other cases, but I think I ean
safely say that hundreds of American citizens
have been within the last two years arrested
and imprisoned in Ireland. Among those
American citizens now immured in British
prisons, besides General William J. Nagle, a
gallant off:cor of the Army of the Potomac, a
native of the State of New York, and a resi-
dent of Brooklyn, I may mention Captam
Joseph 0:Carroll, Captain Michael Dohony,
Lieutenant Joseph Lawlor, Lieutenant Morgan
Burke, and Lieutenant Michael O'Brien. Or
these five, all American citizons, and of the
bravest of our Array, some have been in prison
