1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
78$
over twenty months and no charges Made I
against them, nor any effort made, as far as wo ;
know, to have them tried or set at liberty. A ■
large number of our arrested citizens have been
released, there being no facts found against
them, on condition of quitting the country; and
when agreeing to quit the country were escorted
to the ships by police, which is' quite as great
an outrage as their continued incarceration.
Since I offered these resolutions I have
received a letter from Captain Michael Boyle,
a resident^ of ray district, stating that he had
been imprisoned for eleven months with all the
indignities which the minions of tyranny could
heap upon him, and that in the place of receiv-
ing assistance from Minister Adams and Con-
sul West, of Dublin, he was treated with indif-
ference or opposition in all his appeals to them.
There is hardly a district represented in our
Congress in which victims of this insult to
Amofica may not be found.
Now, sir, what would be the conduct of Eng-
land toward her citizens if treated as ours has
been ? We have the answer in her preparation
of the magnificent expedition she is fitting out
to rescue lier prisoners from the King of Abys-
sinia. It seems there are some Fenian English-
men who were caught encouraging'the enemies
of King Theodoras to revolt against him. Even
the English consul took side's against Thepdo-
rus, calling him a mmderer, and communicat-
ing wit-h his Turkish enemies. In fact he
interfered in dangerous broils, and provoked
the alarm and enmity of the Emperor, find so,
having more cause than England ever had
against any emissaries from this country, Theo-
doras of Ethiopia imprisoned several British
subjects. And now all England is arming for
the rescue. An army of thirty thousand of
Punjab infantry and cavalry, with battalions of
Europeans and batteries of royal artillery,
with five thousand camels, or twice that num-
ber, to be furnished by the Viceroy of Egypt,
to the saddles of which parks of artillery are
to be fastened, longitudinally on pivots, and
the camels taught to kneel while the gunners
take aim and fire.
A light railway is, according to late English
newspaper reports, to be included in the
equipments, llockets and hand-grenades are
to be used. A great many other contrivances,
adapted to the circumstances in which the
army may find itself and the nature of the coun-
try through which it must pass, will doubtless
be heard of. Lieutenant Ueneral Sir liobert
Napier, Commauder-in-Ohief of the Bombay
Army, has been nominated to the command of
the expedition.
Sixteen large steamers are already under
survey for the carriage of the expedition.
These are scarcely a fraction of what will be
required. Animals will haveio be transported
in numbers almost equal to those of soldiers
and attendants, and vast quantities of coal
will be needed. It is intended to put the
entire army, with all its stores and munitions,
in Abyssinia sometime in November instant.
Then will besin the tug of war.
What sort of a tug it is likely to be we can
partially learn from the contradictory informa-
tion communicate'd by travelers in Abyssinia
to the English journals and periodicals. The
sea-coast of Abyssinia, like the Nubian coast
above, is intensely hot, and the country, from
fifty to two or three hundred miles inland, a
hideous jungle. The tetre-fly, fatal to every
brute save the ox, is supposed to abound in
some localities. The existence of the guinea-
worm, which burrows in the tender parts of
the human body, and usually makes some joint
its crypt, causing terrible pain and permanent
lameness, is both asserted and denied. The
tape-worm is known to afflict the natives, but
as it is presumed to result from eating raw
or underdone meat, Europeans will not be so
likely to sutler from it. Malaria, fevers, lack
of water, horrors of all sorts have been enu-
merated as among the obstacles to the march
of an army to the highlands.
The routes from Ampliila Bay, on the lied
sea, and from Edd, each run through a wide
distance of hot low country to Aspa and Veju.
The route from Massowah to Debra Tabor—
where Theodorus most abides, and where, or
at Magdala, the prisoners are supposed to be
confined—is the one most popularly spoken
of for the expedition. It is certainly the most
direct of all, and a description of it -is rather
interesting.
Massowah, on the Red sea, is understood
to be one of the most unhealthy spots on the
globe's surface. But the water there is deep
and suitable for landing ; transports could ride
in security, and the strip of intervening space
between the sea and the highlands is here at
its minimum—twenty-five miles. A plain, ten
miles long, extends to Taranta mountain. The
sands of this plain dry up most, of the year a
torrent called the Haclas. Water can be
obtained anywhere along it by digging a few
feet. At the foot of Taranta mountain a de-
file begins, closely hemmed in by cliffs. Its
average breadth is only twenty or thirty yards.
Troops would have to march in single file fif-
teen hours to the summit. Five hundred
brave and well-armed natives could hold the
pass against an army. The rocks and foliage
on either side form an excellent ambush, and
the former could be burled directly down upon
the beads of an enemy in many places.
The Abyssinians are heroes, intrepid, inde-
fatigable, and almost invulnerable. They can
march twenty leagues in ten hours, fight for a
whole day without food or drink, sleep in the
water and in the mud, and inspired with a
fanaticism equaled only by their hatred of the
foreigner. The women are the modern Spar-
tans. In battle they form a sort of rear rank,
taking caro of the wounded and bringing up
ammunition under the hottest fire. "The cow-
ard who retreats is no longer a man ; his wife
divorces him, his betrothed rejects him, his
priest curses him. Paradise is the lot, of the
fallen hero: the coward goes to the other
place."
The Queen's message to .Parliament, just
received by telegraph, while she is hanging
our citizens for crimes less flagrant than her
subjects are perpetrating against her brother
monarch, thus alludes to the expedition:
" King Theodorus having rejected all the demands
of Great Britain for the release of her subjects,
cruelly_ and without just cause imprisoned by him,
her majesty had 110 alternative hut to send a military
expedition to Abyssinia, and reference is made to the
supply bills needful to defray the expenses of the
war."
And while all this pomp and circumstance
are exhibited by England to rescue her sub-
jects, onr armies and Navy are not moving:
our minister is plaj'ing reticent; Napier is
moving on the enemy, while Grant's sword is
rusting in its scabbard, and Farragut's fleet fires
salutes to the very forts which he should be
bombarding.
England is consoling herself that in this ex-
pedition she will have to contend only with the
Christian population of Abyssinia proper: that
is to say, with the people of the high table
lands. As auxiliaries they may reckon 011 the
Beni-Amr, all the Bicliari tribes, the Baggara
Hamran, all the Arabs of the province of (ied-
aref, the Chaghie around Meehref, the Galla
Abyssinians, all old enemies of the Amharas
or Abyssinians of the high plateaux.
It is thus that England gives protection to
her citizens and inspires respect in foreign
nations; it is thus she calculates the ai'd she
will receive in the country she is invading;
while we, crazy in our insane quarrels at
home, are permitting our flag to be used for
wiping the boot of Europe. Our ministers
stand by in silence, and the eagle's beak is fall
and her wings are wet with the filth of the gut-
ter in which her representatives kneel to beg
for mercy when they should be up and striking
for right.
The fact that Baron Pigot, Judge Keogh, and
others refer to American laws to sanction their
assertion of the doctrine of perpetual allegiance,
and which may be relied upon in some measure
to justify the conduct of our minister, deserves
notice. My atteiitioa had long since been
attracted to it, and when in college at New
Haven I corresponded with one of the most
distinguished of our New England judges,
Roger Minot Sherman, of Connecticut. I have
before me a letter which I received from him,
dated Fairfield, December 28, 1842. After
some introductory personal remarks, ,he
Fairfield, December 28, 1842.
Dear Sir: * * Allegiance, in the
general and unqualified form in which it now exists
by the laws of England, had its origin when govern-
ment was considered as intended tor the benefit of
those in authority only, and the good of the great
mass of population was little, if at all, regarded.
From that selfishness which is so extensively influen-
tial, not only in Governments, but in all human ac-
tions, both social and personal, we might readily
infer that while legislative power was withheld from
subjects their interests would be no further regarded
than they involved the welfare of their rulers. This
was the character and spirit of the feudal system in
its earlier stages, and in that the doctrine of alle-
giance, as it now exists in England, had its origin.
The allegiance duo to the Government is absoiuto
and unchangeable by the act of the subject.
Whether the law is the same in the United States
is hardly an open question. In the cases in which it
has been the subject of judicial consideration the
opinions of judges, so far as they havo been expressed,
arc that the English law of allegiance is our own.
Tile disinclination to give an opinion on this point
manifested by some of the judges of the Supreme
Court would seem to indicate a doubt in their minds
whether this could be recognized as American law.
But I presume thoir hesitation generally resulted
from the belief that the case did not require a settle-
ment of that important question. This delicacy is
genera! ly felt and shown when there is no doubt in
the mind ot'thejudge, if the subject isdiscussed as if
unsettled, and there is no previous decision of bind-
ing authority.
But in the case of Shanks m. Dupont, in 3 Whea-
ton, Mr. Justice vStory, in giving the opinion of
the Supreme Court of the United States, says, on
page 2-16, that "the general doctrine is that no per-
sons can, by any act of their own, without the eon-
sent of the Government, put off their allegiance and
become aliens." I consider this as the law of the
United States; and whether it be considered as
grounded on nation.il right or as a rule of policy it
is a just and necessary rule of law. The fault lies
not in the general law, but in the want ot such a
legislative rule of consent on the part of the Govern-
ment as is necessary to mitigate its severity, by allow-
ing expatriation to the citizcns, with such forms and
solemnities as may be prescribed, in all cases where
such allowance is consistent with the interest and
safetyof thecountry. Itis essential to national organ-
ization that every one's country should bo known.
Individual lights and liabilities, and the rights and
obligations of the Government, require this. With
such limitations as sound political wisdom might
devise the present unreasonable and unjust restraints
upon one of thesaered rights conferred by the law of
nations—the right of choosing our own country—
would be removed, as far as would be consistentwith
the just claims of the Government to which hisalle-.
giance is due. Some of the States have attempted
this; but they cannot affect the allcgiance due to the
United States. Such was the law of Virginia, passed
in lTyi. (3 Dalits, 136, note.) A pi opcr regulation ^
more imperiously demanded in manyother countries
than in this, becausc the great tide of emigration is
settiug toward tins country, not from it. It is very
unjust that those who select this country as a home,
often with the virtual acquiescence and evon with
the connivance of their Governments, should, in the
event of war between us and the nation which they
leave, be subjected to theseverities which are in such
cases visited upon those who honestly become the
residents and citizens of another country while in
friendship with their own. We have provided for
their leeepf ion, and prescribed the terms of their new
relation. We lequire a renunciation of their alle-
giance to their former Government, and an oath of
iidehty to this. This is all we do. and is no more than
we ought to do. The laws of a foreign State we can-
not alter, nor can the emigrant complain that we
leave it to him to become embarrassed with a double
allegiance or not, as he pleases. So far as he is af-
fected the grievance results from the laws of his own
country, not ours. But in justice to the few eitizens
of the United States who may wish to change their
country, and as an example to other nations. Con-
gress ought, without delay, to cnact laws prescribing
the forms of renunciation and the terms on which
the consent of this Government should be given to
the transfer of allegiance to a foreign sovereignty.
The law that expatriation shall' never be effected
without the conscnt of the Government is just. To
withhold that consent in cases where the change of
allcgiance is a rightful exercise of personal liberty
is unjust and oppressive. This is the point where
legislation is necessary, and its early provisions aie
loudly invoked in behalf of the rights of man in all
the nations of the earth.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
ROGER M. SHERMAN.
Mr. W. E. ROBISSON, Nexo Haven, Connecticut.
Accompanying this letter was a memoran-
dum of a case pertinent to the subject and
familiar to lawyers, as follows ;
1 Dodson Reports, 221, case of the Ann.
This ship, under American colors, wassei'/cd in the
river Thames 011 August. 1,1S12, as an American ship.
By an older in council issued ou the -B'th of No-
