1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
791
Britain,, or elsewhere, on business or pleasure,
shall be imprisoned without proper charges or
sworn information being made against him,
and upon these charges or information, even
under their suspensions of habeas corpus, a
fair and speedy trial shall be secured to him.
2. That no American citizen; thus traveling,
shall be ordered to quit the country where he
may be, or be escorted to ships going thence,
or be placed in any position compelling or in-
ducing him to accept that degrading alterna-
tive.
3. That the benefit of English law shall be
fally accorded to all American citizens, whether
native or adopted, the same as to aliens or
strangers from other countries.
And if any of these three rights are invaded,
evaded, or denied, let our minister be recalled,
and apply Henry Clay! s specific, American can-
non, or shut them out from our country, and
let them perish, as they speedily would only
for their intercourse with us, for England could
not live without us. 1 have no wish to injure
England; I have never advocated sny.invasion
of her soil or any violation of her laws.- I have
no hatred against her people; but if she does
not behave herself we must compel her. She
must respect our citizens," and learn that we
have a flag. She .must learn, also, that we
sympathize with Ireland, and that we have a
right to do so. We 'have just as much right to
Ireland as she has. Any claim she has to Ire-
land is founded in fraud; and no matter how
long she has possession, being founded in
fraud, it is void ab initio. The statute of lim-
itations never runs in favor of fraud. We have
really more right in Ireland than she has. We
have Ireland's heart, which she never had.
Wc have more of her people. Besides, Eng-
land h"as been trying for seven centuries to.
conquer and govern Ireland. In this she has
never succeeded, and never can. An inferior
race, as the English certainly is, never did, and
never can, conquer a superior race like the
Irish—sup&ribr to the English in all the arts
of war and peace, as soldiers, statesmen, ora-
tors, poets, painters, and sculptors.
Ami this country, too, is Irish. I venture to
say one half of the members of this House and
of this Congress are Irish, either wholly or par-
tially so. One half of the people of this coun-
try are such. There are from fifteen to twenty
million people either wholly or in part of
Irish blood, and looking forward we can easily
guess what it will be. Why, you talk of the
colonies of Plymouth Rock and Jamestown!
The whole colonies of Plymouth and James-
town, with all their descendants, for one hun-
dred years, all counted, living and dead, did
not e'qual the number of Irish emigrants fre-
quently landing at Castle Garden in New York
in five minutes! Now, then, what will this
country do with Ireland when her children
number here one hundred million, as they very
soon will? They will not stand quietly by and
see an alien enemy whose claims, founded in
fraud, oppress or injure her.
I have introduced these resolutions with no
feeling against any one. If I have spoken in
condemnation of any one it is to vindicate a
great principle. Our ministers abroad—many
of them—seenji to have forgotten the stubborn
love which Americans at home have for right
and justice, and the absolute unconcern with
(which they treat all the tinsel of royalty and
the pretensions of rank. Wc want men for
foreign ministers of more backbone and stiffer
knees than some we have had. We want such
men of backbone for Congressmen and com-
mittees. "Are we a nation?" If so, let us
show it, not by broils at home, but with back-
bone abroad ; and let the world know that our
honor is wounded in the slightest insult to any
of our citizens, and that all such insults shall
speedily be avenged.
Sir, I have performed my duty in this re-
spect. This whole matter will now go to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and from that
committee, from this House, and from Con-
gress I implore prompt attention and such
action as their wisdom may suggest.
The country is aroused on this subject. A
meeting of thousands of naturalized American-
soldiers was held on Saturday evening at Cooper
Institute, in New York city. The resolutions,
including one approving of Que action in this
House, were adopted with great enthusiasm.
Another meeting will be held at the same place
to-mbrrow evening. Others still will follow
throughout the entire country.
My time has now expired and I must close,
though I have not had time to do justice to the
subject under discussion; but give nj^one.min-
ute to conclude with a verse from a poem recited
at the New York meeting, and published in
yesterday morning's New York Herald It is
from the brilliant pen of that gallant soldier,
genuine Irishman, and true American, "Miles
O'Reilly:"
" Oh. as citizens—Americans—
We gloried in the name,
And on many a field our blood we shed
. To guard your flag of fame;
But to-day we lie in bonds, as if
Mere felons we had been—
The only cliarge that England brings,
4 Those boys were for the Green !'
"Tfe are citizens twice over,
By the law and by the sword,
By adoption and by service.
But our claims are now ignored;
Say, Uncle Sam, is this your wish,
And do you really mean
That you've outlawed all your faithful sons
Whose birth was of the Green?"
I now move that the pending resolutions be
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
together with the following, for their immediate
action:
Resolved, That the committee be requested, at their
earliest convenience, to report a bill or declaration
to this House providing for the expatriationof such
of our citizens as may wish to be naturalized in other
countries, and how far we shall protect the rights of
natives of other countries naturalized in the United
States.
Mr. BANKS. I move the previous ques-
tion on referring the resolutions of the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Robinson.]
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the motion to refer was agreed to.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The next business in order
is the execution of the order directed to the
Committee on the Judiciary in relation to the
impeachment of the President.
Mr. BOUTWELL obtained the floor.
Mr. SPALD1NGr. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment, to introduce a resolution ?
Mr. BOUTWELL. If it will consume no
time.
Mr. SPALDING. It will meet with no
objection.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I will yield to hear the
resolution read.
investigating committees.
Mr. SPALDING. I ask leave to submit the
following preamble and resolution :
Whereas there are an unusually large number of
special committees of this House, which, with some
standing committees, are authorized to send for per-
sons and papers, and to examine witnesses under
oath; and whereas many of said committees have
pursued their investigations in places remote from
the Capitol, and at great expense to the people; and
whereas the pressure of taxation renders retrench-
ment in public expenditures not only a virtue but a
necessity on the part of Congress:
Be it therefore resolved.. That no committee of the
House shall be authorized hereafter to send for per-
sons and papers, to examine witnesses, or to travel
at the public expense, without the further order of
the House be first had and obtained.
No objection was made, and the resolution
was received.
Mr. SPALDING. I call for the previous
question on the adoption of the preamble and
resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask to
offer an amendment, to which I think there
will be no objection.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I object to the amend-
ment. I yielded simply for the offering of a
resolution.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. PRUYN. I wisk to ask the gen
gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Spalding] whether this reso-
lution is intended to prevent committees sitting
in this city from taking testimony in the regu-
lar course of their duties? It seems to me it
will have that effect. It is so sweeping in its
terms as to cover all committees, whether sit-
ting here or elsewhere.
Mr. SPALDING. The resolution means
what it expresses—that, without the order of
the House, committees shall not have the power
to subject the people to such expenses as the .
resolution indicates.
Mr. PRUYN. It seems to me that the
resolution proposes to limit the powers of the
committees to an unprecedented extent.
Mr. MARSHALL. I would like to say a
word.
Mr. SPALDING. I object to any discussion.
The SPEAKER. No debate can be allowed
except by unanimous consent, the previous
question having been seconded. The question
now is, Shall the main question be now put?
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to ask whether
this resolution will repeal the authority here-
tofore given to committees in regard to this
matter?
The SPEAKER. The House must construe
the resolution for itself.
The main question was ordered; and under the
operation thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. SPALDING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
impeachment of the president.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I rise to a question of
privilege. I have been instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to report the testimony
taken by that committee in the matter of
charges made against the President of the
United States relative to impeachment. That
testimony 1 present, together with a report
and a resolution adopted by the majority of
the committee. In presenting the report I
desire to say to the House that all that part
of the report which relates to the testimony
taken, and to the consideration of the law
involved in the case, was prepared by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Williams,]
a member of the committee. It has fallen
to my lot to present the report to the House,
for the reason that it was the pleasure of the
Speaker to place me second upon the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary ; and the chairman of
the committee, [Mr. Wilson, of Iowa,] dis-
senting from the report of the majority, it was,
by general consent of the members forming
the majority, agreed that I should present the
report to the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suggest
to the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Boctwell] that this report should take the
ordinary course—that it be laid on the table
and printed. I have never known a report of
this kind to be read inextenso when presented:
Mr. BOUTWELL. I will yield to the gen-
tleman to make the motion he indicates. I
have no choice myself in regard to the matter.
Mr. ELIOT. I hope the report will be read.
I doubt whether we can appropriate the time
more judiciously than by hearing this report.
I call for the reading of the report.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that,
under the ruling of many occupants of the
chair, on a motion that a report or other doc-
ument be laid on the table and printed, any
member may demand the reading of the docu-
ment. The gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Eliot] demands the reading of this
report, and the Clerk will read it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts will agree to sit
here and hear the report read through I will
not object to the reading.
Mr. BROOKS. It is perfectly evident from
past experience that the House will get tired
of having this report read iu fifteen nr twenty
minutes. Let me suggest, then, that the several
branches of tha committee stats in substance
