1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
rm
131 air, Boybr, Burr, Cat-y, Eldridge, Garfield, $etz,
(rlossbrenner, Hawkins, Iligby, Iiooper, Richard D.
Hubbard, Jenckes, JobiiFon, Kerr, Kefceh'am, May-
nard, Miller, Mullins, Niblack, Nicholson, Phelps,
Plants, Poland, Pomeroy. Prnyn, Randall, Robinson,
Ross, Sitgreaves, Spalding, Stewart, Taber, Thomas,
Upson, Van Auken, Robert X. Van Horn, Wood-
bridge, and Woodward—43.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Aines, Archer,
Baldwin. ISarnum, Benjamin, Oobb, Cornell, Dawes,
Dixon, Egglcston, Eliot.,Pinney, J?ox, Griuwold,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Hofniah, Humphrey, Kitchen,
Koohtz, Laflin, Lincoln; Marshall, Martin, McCul-
loagh, Moorheatl, Morrissey, Mungen, Orth, Bauin,
Robertson, S,chcnck, iSeofleld, Selye; She'llabarger,
Smith, Thaddeus Stevens, Stone, Taffe, Burfc vaa
Horn, Van Wyck-, William'B. Washburn, Stephen
P. Wilson, Windom, and Wood—45. -
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the-
rales were suspended, and the resolution was
before the House.
Mr. WASHBURN', of Wisconsin. I demand
the previous question.
■ The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was-adopted.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution
was adopted; and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MAILS TO FOREIGN PORTS.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill amendatory of certain
acts for carrying the mails to foreign ports;
which was road a first and second tim^, and
referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
THE SINKING FUND.
Mr. BUTLER. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution :
"Whereas by the act of February 25,1862, providing
for the issue of legal-tender notes, one per cent, of
the coin revenues ol' tho United States are set apart
as a special fund to be applied to tho purchase or
payment of the public debt: Therefore,
lieaohed. That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to inform this House the amount of such
sinking fund, when, where, and how the same has
been invested according to the terras of said act.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
reception of the resolution ?
Mr. BROOKS. I do not object-, but I wish
to remark, for the information of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, that an effort was
made to have this sinking fund or reserved
fund established under that law when one or
two finance bills were pending, but it was op-
posed by a large majority of the House, and
the Secretary, no doubt acting upon the vote
of the House, has not made ati\' such reserva-
tion. I think the information is patent to
everybody without official inquiry, but if the
gentleman desires it I have no objection.
Mr. PRUYN. I wish also to say, for the
information of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, that when the gold bill was under discus-
sion in the Thirty-Eighth Congress, I called
the particular attention of tho House to the
clause in the act of 1802 with a view to inquire
what was the condition of the sinking fund to
which his resolution refers. It was then said,
I think by the chairman of the .Committee on
Ways and Means, at any rate by somebody who
claimed to understand the matter, that, the fund
had not been raised, and no attempt had been
made to raise it, for the reason that the Gov-
ernment was still issuing its evidences of in-
debtedness and selling them ; and therefore it
amounted simply to reducing the Government
indebtedness so much if they failed to raise the
sinking fund. 1 confess the answer was not at
all satisfactory to me.
Mr. BUTLER. I want to get an authorita-
tive answer why a law of Congress is not
obeyed, if, as it is said, it is not obeyed, and to
have before this House and before the country
exactly tho condition in which the public debt
stands. Tho law of Congress requires that one
per cent, of the entire coin revenue of the
United States shall be set apart as a sinking
fund. Some gentlemen say that has not been
done. If not, then I want to know why not.
1 trust there will be no objection to obtaining
this information in an authoritative form.
Mr. PRUYN. Certainly not. I entirely
agree with the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Btttm®.]
The resolution was then adopted.
ST. LOUIS, MISSOURI.
•Mr. PILE, by unanimous Consent, intro-
duced a bill declaring the city of St. .Louis,-in
the State of Missouri, a, port of entry; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce.'
Mr. HIGBY. I move that the House now
adjourn. .
The motion w&a agreed to; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and five minutes p. m.) the
House adjournedi -
petM-ions, £10.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. BURR: The petition of Soloraen M. Mur-
phy, late sergeant company 2), third Illinois cavalry
volunteers, for compensation for property lost during
tho war to suppress the rebellion.
Also, affidavits of David II. Sparks and George M.
Sanders supporting the same.
By Mr. FERRY: The petition of William H. Con-
over, of the fourth Michigan cavalry, praying for
tho payment of the reward to the captors of Jeffer-
son Davis, the so-called president of the lale con-
federate States.
By Mr. IIItfBY: The petition of the Terminal
Central Pacific Railway Company.
By Mr. KELLEY: The petition of 100 eitizens of
Delaware county, Pennsylvania, tor the impeach-
ment and deposition- of Andrew Johnson from the
office of President of the United States.
Also, a petition upon the same subject from 40 citi-
zens of Pennsylvania.
By Mr. PIKE: The petition of Eliza Hudson and
others, relative to pensions of naval officers.
By Mr. PLANTS: The petition of the members of
the court and bar for the district and circuit courts
of the United States for tho northern district of
Florida, and a number of citizens of said State,
graying for a change in the times and places ot
olding the couits in said district, and for other
purposes.
By Mr. SCIIEJfCIC: A memorial of Captain R. W.
Riell, United States Navy, asking to bo placed on
active service.
Also, the petition of colored citizens of Paducah,
Kentucky, for the impeachment of the President of
the United States.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
The following notice for leave to introduce a bill
was given under the rule:
By Mr. WISDOM: A bill to amend the fifth sec-
tion of an act entitled "An act supplementary to an
act entitled 'An act to provide for the more efficient
government of the rebel States,'passed March 2,1867,
and to facilitate reconstruction," passed March 23,
1867, by striking out of said section the words " at
least one half of all tho registered voters voting
upon the question of such ratification."
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, November 26, 1867.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a communication from the Secretary
of the Treasur}', in answer to a resolution ofthe
21st instant, calling upon the Secretary of the
Treasury to communicate any facts or reports
in possession of the Department relative to the
tax on cotton, transmitting a report from David
A. Wells, special commissfoner of the revenue;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a
memorial of the constitutional convention of
the State of Alabama, now in session, in favor
of a repeal of the tax on cotton, and that the
taxes collected since the 1st day of September,
1867, may be refunded to the producers: which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Ho also presented a petition of citizens of
Georgia for a repeal of the tax on cotton;
which was referretl to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mr. POMEROY presented a petition of
women of Indiana for sueh legislation as will
secure to woman equal suffrage with man in
the District of Columbia; which was referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
CHAjfGB 'Of A NAMlB.
Mr. HARLAN. I present the petition of
Samuel Chafee • Barney, jr., praying that his
name may be changed from Barney to Be
Krafft, It is accompanied by a short bill td
effect that object. I suppose thftt there will be
no objection to it, and I therefore,ask that the'
bill may be read a first and; second time and
put on its passage.
By unanimous consent leave was grafted to
introduce a "bill (S. No. 143) to authorize the
change of a name, and it was read twice. It.'
proposes to authorize Samuel Chase Barney,'
jr., to change his name to Samuel Chase Dfe
Krafft, and provides-that the act shall take
effect from December 1, 1867.
Mr. SUMNER. Where is the person's
domicile ?
Mr. HARLAN. He lives in this District;
and I hold in my hand a letter from his guar-
dian which explains the matter.
Mr. SUMNER. Should not the domicile
be mentioned in the bill, so as to read "Sam-
uel Chase Barney, jr., ofthe District of Colum-
bia?"
Mr. HARLAN. Perhaps that would be
better.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to the present consideration of
the bill?
Mr. HARLAN. I ask that tho letter, of Dr.
Lindsly, his guardian:, be read. That will
explain the whole subject.
The Secretary read as follows.:
washington, November 25,1867.
Dear Sir: The petitioner in this case is my ward,
and is anxious to have his namechanged on account
of the bad character of his father and an uncle, who.
have brought disgrace, as ho thinks, on the name.
His paternal grandfather was Commodore Barney, a
distinguished officer in the Navy. His maternal
grandfather was Edward De Krafft, formerly printer
to Congress, who left quite a large property, which is
inherited by my ward (the petitioner; and a brother
and two sisters. His mother was divorced from his
father and assumed her maiden name.De Krafft. As
stated in the petition, the circumstances are all well
known to Judge Purcell, of the orphans' court, and
Chief Justlee Cartter, of the Supreme Court, as many
points in relation to the divorce, guardianship ofthe
children, &c., were contested in long trials in their
respective courts.
A precedent as to change of name by Congress was
set in the case of a grandson of Mr. Nathan Sargent,
Commissioner of Customs, which was changed by
tho last Congress from Nathan Sargent Dustin to
Nathan Sargent, a student m the Naval Academy at
Annapolis.
Asking your attention to the petition as early as
convenient, I am, very truly, yours,
H. LINDSLY.
Hon. James IIaklan,
Chairman. Committee oil the District of Columbia.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the bill had
better be referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia. ,
Mr. HARLAN. I have no objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
to refer the bill to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN subsequently reported the*"
bill from the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia, with an amendment, and by unanimous
consent the bill was considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
The amendment was in the fourth line of the
bill, after the statement of the name to be
changed to insert the words '' of the District of
Columbia.''
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and was read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. JOHNSON. I suggest that the name
which is to be changed ought to be stated in
the title of the bill.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no objection to
amending the title as the Senator from Mary-
land suggests.
The title of the bill was amended to read:
"A bill to change the name of Samuel Chase
Barney, jr., to that of Samuel Chase De Krafft."
