1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
795
to have the usual joint resolution of adjourn-
ment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I merely desire to say
that I am indifferent as to what particular time
we adjourn sine die. This session; I suppose,
will close at some time,^md individually it is
immaterial to me whether it is to-day or next
Monday, but I wish to put in my protest against
any such reason as is advanced here in the
Senate. I think the Congress of the United
States should pursue the even tenor of its way,
and while .we have a President I am for treat-
ing him as President, and I will not anticipate
that he is going to do some terrible thing dur-
ing five minutes, between eleven o'clock and
fifty-five minutes next Monday and twelve
o'clock. Let him take the consequences of
his acts. Let us legislate, do our business,
and adjourn without any reference to any
rumors about the town that a certain thing is
to be done or not to be done. I care nothing
about it. I do not believe this country is to be
ruined or destroyed in any five minutes ; and
therefore I hope that whatever time we fix,
and I am indifferent about it, will be fixed in
reference to our own convenience and the busi-
ness of Congress, and not in reference to what
somebody may suppose that some other depart-
ment of the Government is going to do.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope that what we may
do may bo done with reference to the welfare
of the country, and with no particular refer-
ence to any rumors or reports. There I agree
with my friend ; but then I do not agree with
him when he says, give the President another
chance. We have already been giving him
chances, and we cannot act now in any way
without taking into consideration his character
and position. Those are now matters of his-
tory. _ I wish to speak with proper delicacy,
with proper reserve, when I allude to him, but
I must speak under the responsibility of a Sen-
ator. A large portion of our country believe
the President to be a wicked man, of evil
thoughts and unpatriotic purposes, and in spirit
and conduct the successor of Jefferson Davis,
through whom, at this moment, the rebellion is
revived. Those are the sentiments of a large
portion of our people.
Mr. DIXON. I desire to ask the Senator if
that is the opinion of a majority of the Ameri-
can people, in his judgment?
Mr. SUMNER. Well, that does not belong-
to the question. I say it is unquestionably the
opinion of a large portion of'the people of the
United States, whether a majority or not the
future may disclose. I do not wish to go in
advance or anticipate any such judgment. I
speak now simply with reference to what is
before us. The question is, whether we shall
give him another opportunity. I say no. In
arriving at that conclusion I do not act on any
rumor that is afloat, to which the Senator from
Illinois refers; I act with reference to the char-
acter of the Chief Magistrate as displayed in
his public acts; and it seems to me that it will
be something like rashness in the Senate if
they concede to him another occasion to prac-
tice on the country in the carrying out of his
policy, as we know that ho has practiced in
times past. I feel that we ought to stop the
way: we should not give him a day; we should
not give him five minutes—I am ready to say
that—not five minutes for the chance of an
exercise of illegitimate power. I will not allow
him to exercise it and then take my chance
hereafter of applying the corrective. "An
ounce of prevention is better than a pound of
cure." Such is an old saying, and now is au
occasion for its application.
And that brings me to the exact point as to
whether the present session should expire pre-
cisely at the time when the coming session
begins. 1 see no reason why it should not. I
see no reason why we should interpose the
buffer even of five minutes. Let one session
come right up close upon the other, and then
we shall exclude every possibility of evil con-
sequences from the character of the Chief
Magistrate. It is well known that in othsr
Governments, when, for instance, the king dies,
the moment the breath is out of his body power
is in his successor, so that there is a common
saying, "The king is dead : long live the king.!'
Now I know not why, when this session ex-
pires, we may not at the same time announce
its expiration and announce the beginning of
the new session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know that there
is any practical importance whatever in this
discussion. The Senator from Massachusetts
chooses to govern his action in his legislative
capacity as a Senator here by some supposed
action of another department of the Govern-
ment. That may be the consideration which
governs him. I merely desired to say that I
should give my vote upon this question having
reference to the discharge of my public duties
here as a member of this body, and that I
would not undertake to anticipate the doing
of illegitimate acts by another department of
the Government. " Sufficient unto the day is
the evil thereof." I am not here—it is not my
purpose nor my province, nor consistent with
my sense of public duty—to make any assault
upon the President of the United States, or to
defend the President of the United States. I
am not to be put in the position of doing
either on the present occasion. So far as I
am concerned, I shall vote upon this resolu-
tion without reference to the President of the
United States ; but I shall be governed in my
action by what seems to me to be proper, con-
venient for Congress, and best for the inter-
ests of the country.
Mr. SUMNER. Let the resolution be read
now.
The Secretary read as follows :
Resolved by tlie Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That the President, of the Senate
and the Speaker of the House do adjourn their re-
spective Houses without day on Monday, the 2d of
December next, at twelve o'clock meridian.
The resolution was agreed to.
john ii. osler.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 147) for the relief of John H. Osier, of
Guernsey county, Ohio ; which was read twice
by its title.
Mr. SHERMAN. The bill is very short.
It is for the relief of a wounded soldier, giving
him three months' pay. The facts are sub-
stantially stated on the face of the bill, and
perhaps if it is read the Senate will consent to
pass it; but if any one objects to that I will
move its reference to a committee.
Mr. JOHNSON. Let it be referred.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well. I move its
reference to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend that mo-
tion by referring it to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. GRIMES. I trust the Senate, at the
commencement of the session, will go back to
the rule we used to have a few years ago, and
make a proper reference of all bills introduced.
The Committee on Naval Affairs and the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and divers and sun-
dry other committees, are constantly having
petitions, memorials, and bills sent to them that
do not pertain to their business at all, but do
pertain to the Committee on Claims. That com-
mittee is so constituted as to be capable of com-
prehending all these questions more thoroughly
than a committee who represents some particu-
lar working branch of the Government; and
it is for that reason that I make this motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Ohio consent to that disposition
of the bill 1
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
referred to the Committee on Claims.
executive session.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to ; and'after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
, Tuesday, November 26, 1867.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by Rev. C. B. Boyhtoh>.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
convention op federal officers, etc.
Mr. MAYNARD, by unanimous consent,
presented a communication, transmitting pro-
ceedings of a convention of the Federal officers
and soldiers of the State of Kentucky, held at
Louisville, Kentucky, on the 20th of August
last; which was,referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
removal of SECRETARY stanton, etc.
Mr. BLAINE, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the General commanding the armies
of the United States be directed to communicate to
this House any and all correspondence addressed by
him to the President of the United States upon the
subject of the removal of Hon. E. M. Stanton, Secre-
tary of War, and of General P. II. Sheridan, com-
mander of the fifth military district; and also any
correspondence or orders in his office showing the
condition of the fifth military district prior to the
passage of the military reconstruction bill, and any
recommendation that he may have inade thereon;
and what steps, if any, were taken by civil authority
in regard to such recommendations; and also all
eorrcspondcncc in regard to the difficulties in Balti-
more touching the police commissioners and other
matters prior to the election in 1866; and further, all
correspondence in regard to a proposed mission of
the General of the Army to Mexico in the year 1866.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I suggest that this
resolution should include a call for the corre-
spondence in reference to the removal of Gen-
eral Sickles.
Mr. BLAINE. I will modify my resolution
by including the inquiry suggested by the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth.] I
call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereoftheresolution, as modified, was adopted.
Mr. BLAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
weekly payments of tiie army.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, by uiiam
mous consent, submitted the following resolu
tion ; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tho Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the practicability of
paying the Army once a week, instead of every two
months, as now provided by law, with leave to report
by bill or otherwise.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution
was adopted ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
freedmen's bureau.
Mr. ELIOT, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tho Committee on Freedmen's Af-
fairs be directed to ascertain whether any, and if
ony, what, reasons exist why the Freedmen'? Bureau
should be continued beyond the timo now limited by
law, and report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ventilation of the hall.
Mr. BROMWELL, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution:
Whereas the confined and poisonous air of tb e
and corridors of the Representative wing of the
Capitol has caused much sickness and even several
deaths among the members of this House, and under
