798
■ THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
November 26.
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
census of the key0lted states.
Mr. FARNSWORTH offered the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resohed, That the Committee on Reconstruction
be direoted to inquire into the expediency and neces-
sity of providing for taking the census of the inhab-
itants of the recently rebellious and revolted States,
and that they report by bill or otherwise.
john seward.
Mr. HARDING- submitted the following res-
olution which was referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions and of the War of 1812:
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
pensions and of the War of 1812 are instructed to
report a bill, if they deem it expedient, to relieve
John- Seward, a soldier of the war of 1812, who is
wholly disabled by wounds received in battle in said
war, m
paper currency.-
Mr. BR0MWELL. I offer the following
resolution, upon which I demand the previous
question :
Resolved, That gold and silver not being in suffi-
cient quantity in this country to furnish a circulat-
ing medium adequate in amount to the wants of the
people, the deficiency shall be at all times supplied
by Ireasury notes of the United States called "green-
backs," to the exclusion of al] other paper currency,
and in sufficient amount to promote the energies and
enterprise of all classes of the community.
The previous question was not seconded.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I rise to debate the
resolution.
The SPEAKER. Then the resolution lies
over uiider the rule.
tax on distilleries.
Mr. BURR submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was read, considered, and agreed
to: ^
Resolved, That the Committee on Ways and Means
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of so
modifying existing laws as to impose a tax on distil-
leries _ according to their several manufacturing
capacities, in lieu of the present taxation per gallon
on distilled liquors, and that they have leave to
report at any time by bill or otherwise.
Mr. M^: ERS submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, andagreedto:
Resolved, In view of the extensive frauds in whisky
returns, and in order to obtain a surer and greater
revenue from that source, that the Committee of
Ways and Means bo requested to inquire into the
expediency of taxing distilled spirits upon the
capacity of the distillery, and of reducing the pres-
ent rate of tax, and to report by bill or otherwise.
rkdcjctiox 01? military establishment.
Mr. IN"GERSOLL submitted the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be, and it is hereby, instructed to inquire into the
expediency of reducing the military establishment
ot the United States to the lowest possible number
consistent with the present demands of the public
service.
impeachment report.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution j wliich was referred, under
the law, to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That ten thousand copies of the majority
and minority reports of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary on the subjcct of impoachmcnt be printed for
the use of the House.
Mr. "WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There are
several gentlemen anxious to make speeches,
and as we are pretty much through with all
business, I shall move in a few moments that
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
employes in departments.
Mr. NEWCOMB. I offer the following res-
olution :
Resolved, Thattho Secretaries of the Departments
ot btate. Treasury, War, Navy, and Interior, be, and
are hereby, directed to report to thisllouso, at their
earliest convenience, the names and number of
employes in their respective Departments, with the
amount of salary and date of appointment in each
-case, and the State and congressional districtin which
tiiey were appointed.
Mr. "WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
ask if that information is not already before
the House in the Blue Book ?
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
consideration of the resolution on this day?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Yes, sir.
I think.the matter had better be inquired into
a little.
The SPEAKER. The resolution goes over
under the rule.
pax of bailiffs and criers.
Mr. RANDALL introduced a bill extending
the provisions of the act entitled "An act fix-
ing the compensation for bailiffs and criers of
the courts of the District.of Columbiawhich
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
railroad postal matter.
Mr. NIBLACK. T ask leave to submit the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on tli e Pos10ffi eo and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of allowing railroad .companies to carry their
own letters, relating to the business of their roads,
outside of the mail, free of postage, and to report by
bill or otherwise.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
government buildings in st. louis.
Mr. PILE submitted the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of \Var be directed to
report to this House the number of buildings rented
or leased in the city of St. Louis, ki the State of Mis-
souri, for military purposes, the annual rent paid for
eacli building so rented or leased, and the names of
the parties from whom rented.
publiq lands for states.
Mr. DRIGGS. I submit the following reso-
lution, and call the previous question upon its
adoption:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of reporting
a bill to this House setting over all unsold and unap-
propriated lands belonging to the United States to
the States respectively in which tho lands are sit-
uated.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and in pursuance
thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. DRIGGS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
* confederate property abroad.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, submit-
ted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to furnish this House with the following
information: first, what efforts, if any, have been
made for the recovery of confederate property in
iiUrope, and if any contracts have been made with
any party or parties by which said parties are to re-
ceive a share of the property recovered, and if so, to
transmit copies of such contracts and all correspond-
ence relating thereto; and to state the names of all
such parties, and all agents or attorneys that have
been, or are now, employed in prosecuting the claims
ot the Government for such property, and on whose
recommendation said agents or attorneys were ap-
pointed, and where said agents resided previous to
their appointment, and tho amount of money paid
to such agents or attorneys, or agreed to be paid,
and out of what fund paid, and by authority of what
'law; and if any of such agents have been before em-
ployed as cotton-agcnts in the South, and if so, the
names of such agents; second, if a settlement has
been made with the firm of Frazer, Trenholm & Co..
and it so, on what terms, and to furnish copies of all
correspondence and agreements in regard to such
settlements.
Mr. ^VASHBURN? of Wisconsin, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution
was adopted; and also moved that tho motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
internal revenue.
Mr. PAINE introduced a bill to amend an
act entitled "An act to provide internal reve-
nue to support the Government, pay interest
on the public debt, and for other purposes,"
approved June 30, 1864; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
whisky frauds in new york.
_ Mr. COBB. I submit the following resolu-
tion, and call the previous question upon its
adoption:
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (th« Senate
concurring,) That the joint select Committee on Re-
-trenchment be,' and they are hereby, instructed to
inquire into and investigate the alleged whisky
frauds in the city of New York; the causes which
•led to the detailing of a deputy commissioner of in-
ternal revenue for duty in New York city, and to tho
• organization of the so-called "metropolitan board
ot internal revenuethe efficiency or non-efficieney
of said board, and the causes thereof; the manner in
whieh the several officers constituting said board dis-
charged their duties respectively in the collection of
the internal revenue tax; and whether any of such
officers or agents have been guilty of fraud, corrup-
tion, or neglect of duty in office; that said committee
report tho result of such investigation, together with
the testimony by them taken, to Congress; and that
tor such purpose tho said committee shall have and
possess all powers heretofore granted them for other
purposes.
The SPEAKER. This resolution is a con-
current resolution. The Chair will suggest to
the mover that the usage has always been to
instruct joint select committees by a simple
resolution of either House.
Mr. COBB. I will modify my resolution so
as to'make it a simple House resolution. And
now I demand the previous question.
Mr. SPALDING. I hope the gentleman
will not press the demand for the previous
question.
Mr. COBB. I insist on the demand.
Mr. SPALDING. Then I hope the House
will not second it.
On seconding, the demand for the previous
question there were—ayes 23, nays 27; no
quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers, and appointed Messrs. Cobb and
Spalding.
Mr. ROSS. mWould it be in order, before
the vote is taken, to inquire what authority
has heretofore been gsSmted to this committee ?
^ The SPEAKER. If the resolution gives
rise to debate it must go over under the rule.
Mr. ROSS. I understand that the authority
heretofore given to this committee has been to
travel over the country, hear testimony, and
draw upon the Treasury for the expenses; a
pretty extensive authority.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order
pending the demand for the previous question.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 37, noes 65.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. SPALDING. I rise to debate the res-
olution.
The SPEAKER. Debate arising, the res-
olution goes over under the rule.
pay of california volunteers, etc.
Mr. HIGBY, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to inform the House what proceedings have been had
by his Department under the seventh section of an
aet making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending June 30,1868, and for other
purposes, approved March 2,1867, and whether addi-
tional payment has been refused to any California or
iNevada volunteers discharged in New Mexico, Ari-
zona, or Utah, and if so, the reason for sueh refusal.
The SPEAKER. This being a call for
executive information, unanimous consent is
necessary for its consideration on this day.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to.
. puget sound, etc., railroad company.
Mr. FLANDERS, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to incorporate the Puget
Sound and Columbia River Railroad Com-
pany; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road, and ordered to be printed.
adjournment sine die.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, communicated an extract from
its Journal, which was read, as follows:
In Senate op the United States,
November 26, 1867.
Resolved by the Senate. (the IIouso of Representa-
tives concurring,) That the President of the Senate
and the Speaker of the House do adjourn their re-
spective Houses without day, on Monday, the 2d of
.December next, at twelve o'clock m.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the House
concur in this resolution ; and on the motion I
call for the previous question.
