1867.
THE 'CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*.
801
Treasury Department, the authorized agent of
the Government, speaking ex. cathedra, with
the knowledge and assent of Congress.
I have already quoted Secretary Chase's
significant declarations in his letters and his
public proposals for loans, and I have now to
quote one of his equally significant ^cts. At
the close of 1862 the twenty year loan of
1842, amounting to nearly three million dol-
lars, fell due. Nothing was said in that loan
about coin payment, and thus a grand oppor-
tunity was afforded to test the theory of paper
payment. Circumstances all conspired to
favor such a policy if it could be honorably
adopted. Gold was at a high premium, and the
Government was passing through the darkest
and most doubtful hours of the whole struggle.
Could there have been even a decent pretext
to pay the debt in paper currency the tempta-
tion was surely great enough to resort to it, if
not fully to justify it. But in the face of all the
adverse circumstances; with gold very high
aud daily rising; with expenses enormous and
daily increasing; with resources already em-
barrassed and daily growing more so, and with
a military situation rendered well nigh des-
perate by months of almost unbroken disaster,
Secretary Chase decided that the faith of the
Government demanded that its funded debt,
falling due no matter when and owned by no
matter whom, must be paid ill coin. And it
was paid in coin; and no voice but the voice
of approval was raised in either branch of
Congress. The course of Secretary Chase was
not only honorable to himself and the country,
but it was in the highest degree wise merely
from the stand-point of worldly wisdom ; for it
created such a profound confidence in the good
faith of our Government that it aided us incal-
culably in the negotiation of all our great loans
for the war. When the Government paid its
debt to the uttermost farthing at such a time
capitalists at once argued that there never could
come a crisis when any evasion or denial of
public obligation would be resorted to. It has
been reserved for the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, and the gentleman from Ohio, and
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, jointly and
severally, to propose that our Government
should adopt a policy in the calm sunshine
and prosperity of peace which it scorned to
resort to in the terrible storms and da>j^adver-
sities of war.
The course of Secretary Chase in guaranty-
ing gold payment on all bonds of the United
States was followed, indorsed, and repeated
by his successors, Secretary Fessenden and
Secretary McCulloch. The words of Mr. Fes-
sexdex are entitled to great weight in the prem-
ises, for he had been chairman of Finance dur-
ing the passage of all the loan bills, had elab-
orately discussed them in turn, and .had as
largely as any single member in either branch
of Congress shaped their provisions. His views
on the question at issue may be briefly and con-
clusively presented by the following extract
from his report as Secretary of the Treasury,
made to Congress in December, 1864:
''Though forced to resort to the issue of paper for
the time, the idea of a specie basis was not lost sight
of, as the payment of interest on long loans in coin
was amply secured. And though in several of the
acts authorizing theissue of bonds at long peiiuds
payment of the principal at maturity in coin is not
specifically provided, the omission, it is believed, was
accidental, a? thcrecould hnve beennoiniention tomalzc
a distinction between the different classes of securities in
this reyard."
It will bo noted that this declaration of Mr.
Fesskxdek, made in his formal official report,
was at the 'very time that the five-twenties of
18fi4 were being negotiated, and preceded the
large sale of seven-thirties which were con-
vertible into five-twenties. So that in effect it
was an additional guarantee of gold payment
on the part of the Government, operating at
once as the condition and the inducement of
the loan. %
It is well known that Secretary McCulloch
entertains precisely the same opinions that
were so freely expressed by Messrs. Chase and
Fkssendest, and he placed himself on record
very pointedly on the question by his letter to
40th Cono. 1st Sess.—No. .">1.
L. P. Morton & Co., of New York, wherein he
says:
Treasury Department, November 15,1866.
Gentlemen: Your favor of the 13th instant is re-
ceived.
I regard, as did also my predecessors, all bonds of
the United States as payable in coin. The bonds
which have matured since the suspension of specie
payments have been so paid, and I have no doubt
that the same will be true with all others. This be-
ing, as I understand it to be, the established policy
of the Government, the five-twenty bonds of 18f>2
will either be called in at the expiration of five
years from their date and paid ia coin, or be per-
mitted to run until the Government is prepared to
pav them in coin.
I am, very truly, yours,
H. MCCULLOCH, Secretary.
In view of the uniform declarations of the
Treasury Department, made through official
reports, through public proposals for loans,
and through personal letters of assurance, all
guarantying coin payment of the five-twenty
bonds, I submit that the Government isbound
thereto even if there were no other obligation
expressed or implied. These official and un-
official promulgations from the. Treasury De-
partment were made with the full knowledge
of Congress, and without the slightest expres-
sion of dissent on the part of Congress. It is
too late for Congress to declare now that the
Government is not bound by the stipulations
which the Treasury Department. proclaimed
to all lenders of money—proclaimed with the
full knowledge and the full assent of Con-
gress. Had Congress not believed or intended
that the five-twenty bonds were to be paid
in coin the Secretary should not have been
allowed with its evident assent to so advertise ;
and for Congress, after this permission and
warrant so significantly given, to step forward
at this late day and declare itself not bound
by the conditions published by the Secretary
is simply to place the United States Govern-
ment in the position of a man playing a " con-
fidence game " of the meanest description, in
which the Treasury Department and Congress
are the confederate knaves, and the whole
mass of bondholders the unfortunate victims.
With these statements I conclude what I have
to present to the'House in regard to the public
obligation to pay the principal of the five-
twenty bonds iu coin. That obligation is estab-
lished, I may repeat, in very brief summary, by
the uniform and unbroken practice of the Gov-
ernment of the United States to redeem all its
.funded debt in coin : it is established by the fact
that in the first of the live-twenty loan bills
Congress directed the formation of a sinking
fund in coin for the purchase and payment of
the bonded debt of the United States; it is
established by the general understanding in
Congress and in the country when the live-
twenty loan bills were passed; and it is con-
clusivel}7 and irreversibly established by the
pledge of the Secretary of the Treasury when
the loan was negotiated—a pledge made with
the knowledge, and rendered binding by the
assent, of Congress.
But now, Mr. Speaker, suppose, for the sake
of argument, we admit that the Government may
fairly and legally pay the five-twenty bonds in
paper currency, what then? I ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts to tell us, what then ?
It is easy, 1 know, to issue just as many green-
backs as will pay the maturing bonds, regard-
less of the effect upon the inflation of prices
and the general derangement of business. Five
hundred millions of the five-twenties are now
payable, and according to the easy mode sug-
gested all we have to do is to set the printing
presses in motion, and "so long as rags and
lampblack hold out'' we need have no embar-
rassment about paying our national debt._ But
the ugly question recurs, what are you going to
do with the greenbacks thus put afloat? Five
hundred millions this year, and eleven hundred
millions more on this theory of payment by the
year 1872, so that within the period of four or
five years we would only have added to our paper
money the trifling inflation of SI,GOO,000,000.
We should all have splendid times doubt-
less! Wheat under tho new dispensation
ought to bring twenty dollars a bushel, and boots
would not be worth more than S200 a pair,
and the farmers of our country would ,be as
well off as Santa Anna's rabble of Mexiea®
soldiers, who were allowed ten dollars a day for
their services and charged eleven for their'
rations and clothing. This $1,600,000,000 of
greenbacks, added to the amount already
issued, would give us some $2,300,000,000
paper money, and I suppose the. theory of
the new doctrine would leave this vast mass
permanently in circulation, for it would hardly
be consistent to advocate the redemption of the
greenbacks in gold after having repudiated and
forsworn our obligation on the bonds.
But if it be intended to redeem the legal
tenders in gold, what will have been the net
gain to the Government in the whole transac-
tion? If any gentleman will tell me, I shall
be glad to learn how it will be easier to pay
$1,(500,000,000 in gold in the redemption
of greenbacks than to pay the same amount
in the redemption of five-twenty bonds? The
policy advocated, it seems to me, has only two
alternatives: the one to ruinously inflate the
currency and leave it so reckless of results;
the other to ruinously inflate the currency at
the outset, only to render redemption in gold
far more burdensome in the end.
I know it may be claimed that the means neces-
sary to redeem the five-twenties in greenbacks
may be realized by a new issue of currency
bonds to be placed on the market. Of results
in the future every gentleman has the right
to his own opinion, and all may alike indulge
in speculation. But it does seem to me that
the Government would be placed in an awk-
ward attitude when it should enter the money
market to negotiate a loan the avails of which
were to be devoted to breaking faith with those
who already held its most sacred obligations!
What possible security would the new class of
creditors have that, when their debts matured,
some new form of evasion would not be re-
sorted to by which they in turn would be de-
prived of their just and honest dues? Pulsus
in u?io, falsus in omnibus would supply the
ready form of protest against trusting a Gov-
ernment with a new loan when it had just
ignored its plain obligation on an old one.
Payment of tho five-twenty bonds in paper
currency involves, therefore, a limitless issue
of greenbacks, with attendant evils of gigantic
magnitude and far-reachingconsequence. And
the worst evil of the whole is the delusion
which calls this a payment at all. It is no pay-
ment in any proper sense, for it neither gives
the creditor what he is entitled to, nor does it
release the debtor from subsequent responsi-
bility. You may get rid of the five-twenty
by issuing the greenback, but how will you get
rid of the greenback except by paying gold?
The only escape from ultimate payment of
gold is to declare that as a nation we per-
manently and finally renounce all idea of ever
attaining a specie standard; that we launch our-
selves upon an ocean of paper money, without
shore or sounding, with no rudder to guide us
and no compass to steer by. And this is pre-
cisely what is involved if we adopt this mis-
chievous suggestion of " a new way to pay old
debts." Our fate in attempting such a course
may be easily read in the history of similar
follies both in Kurope and in our own coun-
try. Prostration of credit, financial disaster,
wide-spread distress among all classes of the
community, would form the closing scenes in
our career of grat uitous folly and national dis-
honor. And from such an abyss of sorrow
and humiliation it would be a painful and toil-
some effort to regain as sound a position in our
finances as we are asked voluntarily to abandon
to-day.
The remedy for our financial troubles, Mr.
Speaker, will not be found in a superabundance
of depreciated paper currency. It lies in the
opposite direction; and the sooner the nation
finds itself on a specie basis the sooner will
the public Treasury be freed from embarrass-
ment and private business relieved from dis-
couragement. Instead, therefore, of entering
upon a reekleafcand boundless issue of legal
