802
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
November 27,
tenders, with their consequent depression, if
not destruction of value, let us set resolutely
ta work and make those already in circulation
equal to so many gold dollars. When that
result shall be accomplished we can proceed
to pay our five-twenties either in coin or pa-
per, for the one would be the equivalent of
the other. But to proceed deliberately on a
scheme of depreciating our legal tenders, and
then forcing the holders .of Government bonds
to accept them in payment, would resemble in
point of honor the policy of a merchant who,
with abundant resources and prosperous busi-
ness, should devise a plan for throwing dis-
credit on his own notes with the view of having
them bought up at a discount ruinous to the
holders and immensely profitable to his own
knavish pocket. This comparison may faintly
illustrate the wrongfulness of the policy, but
not its consummate folly; for in the case of
the Government, unlike the merchant, the
stern necessity would recur of making good in
the end, by the payment of hard coin, all the
discount that might be gained by the tempo-
rary substitution of paper.
Discarding all such schemes as at once
unworthy and unprofitable, let us direct our
policy steadily, but not rashly, toward the
resumption of specie payment. And when we
have attained that end—easily attainable at no
distant day if the proper policy be pursued—we
can all unite on some honorable plan for the
redemption of the five-twenty bonds, and the
issuing instead thereof a new series of bonds
which can bo more favorably placed at a lower
rate of interest. When we shall have reached
the specie basis, the value of United States
securities will be so high in the money markets
of the world that we can command our own
terms. We can then call in our five-twenties
according to the very letter and spirit of the
bond, and adjust a new loan that will be eagerly
sought for by capitalists, and will be free from
those elements of discontent that in some meas-
ure surround the existing funded debt of the
country.
As to the particular measures of legislation
requisite to hasten the resumption of specie
payment, gentleman equally entitled to respect
may widely differ; but there is one line of policy
conducive thereto on which we all ought to
agree, and that is on a serious reduction of
the Government expenses and a consequent
lightening of the burdens of taxation. The
interest-bearing debt of the United States,
when permanently funded, will not exceed
$2,100,000,000, imposing an annual interest
of about $125,000,000. Onr other expenses,
including War, Navy, the pension list, and the
civil list, ought not to exceed $100,000,000;
so that if we raise $250,000,000 from custSms
and internal revenue combined we should have
$25,000,000 annual .surplus' to apply to the
reduction of the public debt. But to attain
tliis ond we must mend our ways and practice
an economy far more consistent and severe
than any we have attempted in the past. Our
military peace establishment must be reduced
one half at least., and our naval appropriations
correspondingly curtailed: and innumerable
leaks and gaps and loose ends that have so long
attended our Government expenditure must
be taken up and stopped. If such a policy
be pursued by Congress, neither the principal
of the debt, nor the interest of the debt, nor
the annual expenses of Government will be
burdensome to the people. We can raise
$250,000,000 of revenue on the gold basis, and
at the same time have a vast reduction in our
taxes. And we can do this without repudia-
tion in any form, either open or covcrt, avowed
or indirect, but with every obligation of the
Government fulfilled and discharged in its
exact letter and in its generous spirit.
And this, Mr. Speaker, we shall do. Our
national honor demands it; our national inter-
est equally demands it. We have vindicated
our claim to the highest heroism on a hundred
bloody battle-fields, and have stopped at no
sacrifice of life needful to the maintenance of
our national integrity. I am ^ire that in the
peace which our arms have conquered we
shall not dishonor ourselves by withholding
from any public creditor a dollar that we prom-
ised to pay him, nor seek by cunning construc-
tion and clever afterthought to evade or escape
the full responsibility of our national indebt-
edness. It will doubtless cost us a vast sum
to pay that indebtedness, but it would cost us
incalculably more not to pay it!
Mr. KliLLEY. I would like to state to the
gentleman from Maine (and my recollection is
very distinct of the debate and the conversa-
tion that ensued upon it) that my distinguished
colleague, [Mr. Stevens, ofPennsylvania,] now
absent, when we were discussing the five-twenty
bill, maintained the position that the true inter-
est of the Government required the interest
should be paid in euirency and provision made
for the ultimate payment of the bonds in gold ;
and he regretted the policy of the Government
was the reverse of that, to-wit: the inteiest
being paid in gold, and no definite provision
made for the character of the currency in which
the bonds wore to be redeemed.
Mr. BLAINE. That wasin 18G4. Ireferred
to what Mr. Stevexs said in 18G2, when the
original five-twenty bill was under discussion.
Mr. BROOKS. I did not wi«li to interrupt
the gentleman in the course of his remarks,
but I want an opportunity to say that I was
very much dissatisfied with the course of things
with which he says I was "apparently satis-
fied."
Mr. BUTLER addressed the House, [see
Appendix,] but without concluding gave way to
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. If the gentleman
desires it I will move that the committee rise.
Mr. BUTLER. I should be very glad if the
committee would rise, for I am getting weary.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has five
minutes of his time remaining.
Mr. BUTLER. Before the motion to rise
is put, will the committee have the kindness
to allow me an extension of time? [Cries of
"Oh, yes," and "we will give you all the time
you want."]
The CHAIRMAN. How much time does
the gentleman ask for?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I move that the
gentleman have another hour.
Mr. BUTLER. I should like another hour,
if you please. [Cries of " Agreed."]
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection,
the time of the gentleman from Massachusetts
will be extended one hour.
No objection was made.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I now move that
the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had had under consideration the
state of the Union generally, and particularly
bill of the House No. 89, relating to the re-
duction of the currency, and had come to no
conclusion thereon.
leave of absence.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was
granted for an indefinite time to Mr. Twiciiell.
And then, on motion of Mr. SCHENCK, (at
three o'clock and forty-five minutes p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, <fcc., were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr.BOYEli: The petition of citizens of Lehigh
county, Pennsylvania, for a general pension law for
the benefit of surviving soldiers and widows of the
soldiers of the war of 1812.
By Mr. EGGLESTON: The memorial of Hugo A.
"Rempel, asking for redress and damages sustained by
him in consequence of his expulsion from Prussia.
Also, the petition of Phillip W. Stanhope, captain of
twelfth infantry United States Army, and brevet
lieutenant colonel United States Army, asking com-
pensation forserviee as colonel of the fifty-filth Ken-
tucky volunteers.
P>y Mr. ELIOT: The petition of Lewis MeLauthlin
and others, of Pembroke, Massachusetts, praying th at
articles of impeachment be preferred against Andrew
Johnson, Pi evident of the United States.
By Mr. HARDING: The petition of 400 people of
Hancock county, 11! mow, j'>n jlicf to John Seward a
soldier of the war oi iolv no is totally disabled
wounds.^
Also, the petition for relief of John Seward, a sol-
dier of the war of 1812, with other papers.
By Mr. McCAHTiiY: The petition of 25 citizens
of Onondaga andCortland counties, New York, pray-
ing for the establishment of a post route from Fabias
to Pitcher, New York.
By Mr. PEIillAM: The petition of Howard Nason,
for bounty.
By Mr. VAN AERNAM: The petition of Harmrn
E. YVentworth, late second lieutenant fourteenth Xmv
York volunteers heavy aitillery, for relief.
Also, the petition of Jefferson W. Davis, late lieu-
tenant sixty-fourth New York volunteers, for relief
Also, the petition of 44 citizens of Chautauqua
county, New York, praying for the ehta-blisinmjnt
of a post route from Mina, New York, to Wattsburg,
Pennsylvania.
By Mr. WARD: The memorial of Aaron R. Hughes
and others, asking a restoration of said Hughes to
the active list in the Navy.
notices of iulls.
The following notices for leave to introduce bills
were given under the rule:
Jiy Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio: A bill to organize the
Tviiitoiy of Alaska, recently purchased from Russia.
By Mr. CARY: A bill to call in and cancel the
nationalbank circulation, and pay off in legal-tender
notes the live-twenty bonds redeemable in 1867.
By Mr. IIUNTER: A bill to provide for the taxing
of all that species of currency known as greenbacks,
compound-interest notes, and national currency, by
the various States and Territoriesof the United Sta tes,
as other personal property therein is taxed, and for
other purposes.
Also, a bill to provide pensions for certain officers
and soldiers of the United States who served in the
war of 1812, Mexican war, and the vaiious Indian
wars up to and including tho Black Hawk war, and
for other purposes.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday. November 27, 1867.
Prayer by Rev. E. II. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
ittz john porter.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Jiesolved, That the acting Secretary of War be
requested to communicate to the Senate copies of
any papers on file at the Department relating to tho
application of Fitz John Porter, an officer in the
Army of the United States, dismissed for misconduct
on the scntence of a court-martial, approved by the
late PresidentLincoln, and now seeking a revision of
his case.
adjournment to friday.
On motion of Mr. CONNESS, it was
Ordered, That, when the Senate adjourn to-day it
be to meet on Friday next.
Mr. SHERMAN, (after a pause.) As there
appears to be nothing to do, I move that the
Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, November 27, 1867.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved. $
adjournment till saturday.
Mr. "WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
to move that when the House adjourns to-day
it be to meet on Saturday next; and I wish to
make a further proposition, which I trust will
meet with the unanimous consent of the House,
that there be no business done on Saturday,
and that the session of that day run through
until Monday. "We cannot, under the Consti-
tution, adjourn from to-day until Monday. I
am quite certain that gentlemen do not want to
meet here on Saturday for business. Of course
we want to adjourn over to-morrow, which will
be Thanksgiving day.
Mr. NIJ3LACK. I would suggest that we
meet on Friday, and adjourn from that day till
Monday.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would remind
members that there cannot be a formal session
on Monday. The .proceedings of this session
which may take place on Monday must be
journalized as of Saturday.
