1867.
THE -CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
803
Mr. HARDING. .1 object to the motion
made by my colleague, [Mr. Washburxe.] I
object to any understanding that on Saturday
we shall not proceed with the public business.
For one, I am anxious to perform the duties
which devolve upon me as a member of this
House, so as to be able to go home early next
summer.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As objec-
tion is made to the full effect of the motion I
desire to make, I will first move that when this
House adjourn to-day it be to meet on Satur-
day next.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now
move that the rules be suspended, and that the
order be made that no business shall be trans-
acted on Saturday next except to take a recess
until Monday morning.
The rules were suspended, (two thirds voting
in the affirmative,) and it was ordered accord-
ingly.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
The SPEAKER asked and obtained indefi-
nite leave of absence for Mr. Hill and Mr.
Halsey, of New Jersey.
RECONSTRUCTION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following communication from the Clerk of
the House, which, with the accompanying docu-
ments, were laid on the table, and. ordered
to be printed:
Clerk's Office
House of Representatives United States,
Washington, D. C., November 27,1867.
Sir: X have the honor to state that, in accordance
with the instructions of the House of the 20th of July
last, I on that day presented to the Secretary of State,
for promulgation, the act supplementary to the re-
construction bill, and the joint resolution to carry
into efiect the several acts providing for the more
efficient government of the rebel States, passed by
votes of two thirds of both Houses of Congress, after
tho same had been returned to the House of Repre-
sentatives by the President with his objections; and
that I have received from the Secretary of State the
inclosed communications in reply.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
edward Mcpherson,
Clerk House of Representatives.
Hon. Schuyler Colfax,
Speaker of House of Representatives.
Departsient of State,
Washington, July 2U, 1867.
Sir: I have to acknowledge the receipt of your
letter of this date, together with the act of Congress
entitled "An act supplementary to an act entitled
'An act to provide for tho more efficient government
of the rebel States,' passed on the 2d day of March,
1867, and the act supplementary thereto, passed on
the 23d day of March, 1867, " which act, having been
returned by the President, with his objections, to the
House of Congress in which it originated, is certified
to have been reconsidered and passed by two thirds
of each of the two Houses of Congress, in pursuance
of the Constitution. The act is filed, and will imme-
diately be promulgated as one of the laws of the
United States.
I am, your obedient servant, •
WILLIAM II. SEWARD.
Edward McPhekson, Esq.,
Clerk of the House of Representatives.
Department of State,
Washington, July 20,1867.
Sir: I have to acknowledge the receipt of your
letter of this date, together with tho resolution of
Congress entitled "Joint resolution to cany into
effect the several acts providing for the more eflick'nt
government of the rebel States:" which resolution,
having been returned by the President, with his objec-
tions, to the House of Congress in whichitoriginated,
is certified to have been reconsidered and passed by
two thirds of each of tho two Houses of Congress, in
pursuance of the Constitution. The resolution is filed,
and will immediately be promulgated as one of the
laws of the United States.
I am, your obedient servant,
WILLIAM II. SEWARD.
Edward McPherson, Esq.,
Clerk of the House of Representatives.
REVENUE-CUTTER SERVICE.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, transmitting, in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the House of March 11, 1807, a state-
ment of expenses incurred for the revenue-
cutter service for the fiscal year ending June
30, 18CC, value of seizures made, &c.
The SPEAKER. If no objection be made,
this communication will be printed, and referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. RANDALL. I think it had better be
referred to the Committee on Retrenchment.
I think $1,000,000 can be saved in the revenue
service. —
The SPEAKER. As the communication
bears upon appropriations for future revenue
service, the Chair supposed it would be proper
to refer it to the Committee on Appropriations.
Butthe Committee on Retrenchment has charge
of that subject.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
like to have it referred to the Committee on
Commerce. I think it properly belongs to that
committee.
Mr. RANDALL. I have entire confidence
in the Committee on Commerce; but I think
it is important the subject should be brought
before the House at as early a day as possible.
I think §1,000,000 can be saved to the Gov-
ernment in this service. That is my reason
for moving the reference to the Committee on
Retrenchment. I am not tenacious about it.
If the chairman of the Committee on Com-
merce [Mr. Washbukne, of Illinois] desires to
have it go to his committee, I have no objec-
tion. I hope he will take the hint I have thrown
out, and try to save something to the Govern-
ment in this service.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will
merely say, in reply to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Randall,] that the Com-
mittee on Commerce has jurisdiction of all
subjects connected with the revenue. It has
already passed upon many of those questions;
and I regard this subject as properly belonging
to that committee. I think the gentleman had
better consent that the subject should go to
that committee. I agree with him that there
may be a great saving in the expenses in this
respect, and that this matter ought to be thor-
oughly overhauled.
Sir. RANDALL. I have no objection to
the reference to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion of Mr. Washburxe, of Illinois,
was agreed to; and the communication was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
personal explanation.
Mr. STOKES. I rise for the purpose of
asking unanimous consent to make a personal
explanation.
Several Members. How long?
Mr. STOKES. I cannot tell exactly. I
promise the House that I will make my re-
marks as brief as possible.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman will
state how much time he desires the Chair will
propound to the IIousc the question whether it
will grant consent.
Mr. STOKES. I ask one half hour.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to
granting the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Stokes] one half hour for a personal expla-
nation?
There was no objection.
Mr. STOKES. I rise for the purpose of
discharging a duty which I feel that 1 owe to
myself, to my constituents, to my State, and to
this House.
On last Thursday, Mr. Speaker, when you
called the members from Tennessee to present
themselves to take the oath prescribed by law,
we were met by gentlemen on the other side
of the House entering their protests against
the admission of a portion of the delegation;
and in fact one of the gentlemen entered his
protest against the whole delegation. Conse-
quently we were forced to retire to our seats
and await the action of this House. ^
It is well known that the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress passed a law convening the Fortieth Con-
gress on the 4th of March, the day on which
the Thirty-Ninth Congress expired; and it is
well known that the present Congress had a
short session in March and July. But the
election in Tennessee did not take place until
August. Consequently the members-elect could
not apply for admission until the beginning
of the present session—last Thursday. At
that time the eight members-elect from Ten-
nessee appeared here with the ceitilieates of
the Governor, having received the largest ma-
jority ever received by any members from that
State. Their election was duly certified accord-
ing to the laws of the State of Tennessee and
the laws of the United States. Yet they were
met here by gentlemen who refused to permit
them to take their seats. In addition to that,
grave charges were preferred against some of
the members, and in fact all the members;
and the State government of Tennessee was
denounced upon this floor as a disgrace to civ-
ilization and a disgrace to the United States.
For this reason I have availed myself of the
opportunity to make some remarks to meet the
charges that have been preferred. The three
gentlemen to whom I wish particularly to
allude in my remarks are the gentleman from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldridge,] the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Marshall,] and the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks.]
I might say here that I should perhaps be
contented with the vindication of the members
from Tennessee that was made by the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Logan,] the gen-
tleman from "Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley,] and
the chairman of the Committee of Elections,
[Mr. Dawes ;] but I feel it due to the people
of my State and the delegation from that State
that I should submit some remarks upon this
question.
I have no complaints to utter in regard to the
gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldridge.]
He did nothing more than what he had the
right to do. I will read a part of the remarks
of that gentleman as published in the Globe
of last Friday:
"The gentleman is mistaken about the House
having ever investigated this letter. Another sub-
ject was before the House when it was read before.
It was read but once. It was read before on the
question of the admission of the Senator from that
State, modifying tho test-oath so that ho might take
his seat in the Senate. It was after Mr. Stokes liad
taken his seat.''
Now, mark the language, Mr. Speaker:
" I should riot have introduced it now were it not
that judge Trimble, having sat in the Thirty-Ninth
Congress, was on a similar allegation prevented from
taking his seat." ,
The only point that I wish to make upon the
gentleman from Wisconsin is this: he has con-
demned the members of the Republican party
in this House for the course they pursued toward
Kentucky ; yet he comes forward and proposes
to do the" very same thing which he condemns
the Republican party for having done. He
makes an attack upon a member from Ten-
nessee, and enters Ins protestagainsl his admis-
sion. With this remark I leave the gentleman
from Wisconsin.
I next come to the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Marshall.] He used the following lan-
guage during the discussion to which I have
referred:
" I do not deny that during the rebellion, and sub-
sequent to tho writing ot' that Duncan letter, he did
enter the Federal service and perform his duty well
in tho Federal Army. But that docs not aiieet the
question liei e presented. Can he conscientiously take
the oath? Can "he swear that he never, at anytime,
gave aid, countenance, or support to the armed rebels
ot the United States ?"
I say to the gentleman from Illinois and to
this House that I can stand here and swear I
can take the oath prescribed with a clear con-
science that I have never given any aid, coun-
tenance, or support in any shape or form to the
rebels against the Government of the United
States.
They have alluded to the Duncan letter.
The honorable gentlemen do not choose to
point out in the Duncan letter what portion of
it they construe to be disloyal. They make
the clear, broad, sweeping charge without pre-
tending to argue the question to this House or
attempting to show what I wrote in that Dun-
can letter which would forbid my taking the
oath and my seat in this House.
The gentleman from Illinois goes on to say:
" Ho cannot so swear, for that letter would give the
lie itself to any such oath. It is utterly impossible
for him to do so, and it is clearly tho duty of the
House to step in, as they did in the case oi tho Ken-
tucky nicmbors, if the majority do not intend to
