804
TIIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
November 27,
abandon the precedent made in that case, and in-
quire into the fact whethorthis letter, admitted to be
genuine, is not utterly inconsistent with the oath to
be taken by every member."
I was sorry, sir, to hear my distinguished
friend from Illinois use that language. When
I took that oath, sir, as a Federal soldier and
officer, there was no objection made. I took
it twice when mustered in as an officer of the
United States. I took it twice when a candi-
date for Congress, once in 1865 and again in
1867. I took that oath in this House as a
member of Congress from Tennessee, and at
this late day I say 1 was sorry to hear the gen-
tleman from Illinois use such language iu this
House without showing in that letter wherein
I was guilty of swearing to a falsehood or in
what manner I was guilty of perjury.
Now, Mr. Speaker, a great deal has been
said in regard to the Duncan letter, and I pro-
pose to take it up and read it paragraph by
paragraph to the House, and if this House will
decide that there is anything in that letter
treasonable I bind myself to prove that the
Democratic party was guilty of treason when
they assembled in convention at Chicago. This
letter was written on the 10th of May.
Mr. ROSS. Will the gentleman permit
me 
Mr. STOKES. Not now, as ray time is
limited. I will slate nothing but the facts
from the records here. That letter was written
oil the 10th of May, and on the next day the
ordinance of secession reached me. Then, sir,
before Duncan had received the letter, long
before it was published, I said to my people that
they had but one alternative—that they were
now compelled to choose between Jeff. Davis
and Lincoln.
The ordinance of secession was submitted
to us, and I told the people that they could
take their own course; but that for myself 1
would stand by the old flag of my country, come
weal or come woe. I made a vigorous can-
vass up to the 8th of June, and then voted
against separation. In November the two
others—■we being the only three in the county—
voted against the ratification of the confed-
erate constitution; so that I could not have
given muchf aid aud comfort to the rebels in
the short time from the 10th of May to the
11th, the next day.
I propose briefly to run over this letter to
see where the disloyalty and tveasou may be:
" Liiierty, May 10,1861.
"Mr. John .1)i/nca\, 21'Miiincitte, Teiinensce:
"Dear Sir: I ha\o justlcarned from afiiend thai,
there is some gross misropre-soutations goin« the
rounds of your section in regard to my position ia
this trying ensis; and for the benelit ol yourseli and
others X write this."'
There is no treason in that.
"I have been a zealous advocate of tho Union up
to the time of Lincoln's call for seventy-five thousand
troops; that being in violation of the law and for the
subjugation of the youth, 1 commend Governor Har-
ris for his course, and for arming tho SLato and for
resisting Lincoln to tho point of the bayonet"—
In this opinion I may have erred, as who lias
not, but was that treason? Our judges of llio
inferior courts deliver erroneous charges to the
jury on the law, and when the case is decided
it goes to the Supreme Court for review. If
the court reverse the decision does that render
the judge who delivered the charge either a
criminal or unworthy judge?
" and have enrolled myself as a volunteer to resist
Ins usurpation. 1 have in Congress and out opposed
coercion and all forced measures, believing it w.is
better to recognize the independence of the 'southern
confederacy' than to attempt to coerce them back."
Why, sir, you remember that Mr. Buchanan
and. almost the whole Democratic party was
opposed to coercion, and said, Leave the States
to themselves. It was an opinion, and an
opinion maintained by the Democratic party
generally.
" I have always opposed secession. I claim the
right of revolution and the right to resist tho oppres-
sion oi the lederal Government, and to throw off
ahegiance to the same when that oppression becomes
intolerable."
_ That, sir, is a doctrine common to all parties
in this country, and it is a doctrine held to-day
by perhaps nine tenths of the American peo-
ple, that they have the right when oppression
becomes intolerable to throw it off. The only
question is, was it intolerable? I said it was.
1 said: ~
" The time has now come."
In that I erred.
" I have been and am now for standing by the bor-
der States. I believed they were to be the great
suffered during the oonfliet."
Sir, time has proved that that was true.
"Iam opposed to being taeked on the southern
confederacy at present, except as a military league.
But when peace is restored, if the two nations can-
not live in peace let all the fifteen States elect dele-
gates, meet in convention, form their constitution,
and submit it to tho people for ratification."
That was my opinion then. The border
States were on the eve of calling a convention.
They were to stand as the breakwater between
the North and the South.
" The South ought to be a unit during the war by
ail means. 1 had announced myself as a candidate
for reelection, but on receiving Lincoln's proclama-
tion lor troops I abandoned the canvass at once,
and I am no candidate. I claim to have done my
duty m trying to heal our difficulties and restore
peace. Tti.it having failed, I shaH now inarch for-
ward in the discharge of my duty in resisting Lin-
coln, regardless of false charges or what not by them
who >u e trying to put me down. Time will tell where
wo all stand."
Time has told where I stood. Time has told,
as was said by the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Locax] on Thursday last, where he and
1 stood, and time has told where other gentle-
men sat.
Now, sir, there is the whole of the letter.
It was written in a moment of surprise, when
the waves of passion overwhelmed my State.
The next day brought me to see our condition
in the light of truth, and I made haste to undo
all that my letter might by any possibility do.
Now, what did the Democratic party say when
it met iu Chicago? 1 read from the platform
those words : "The Constitution itself is dis-
regarded in every part." Here, an organized
body in convention assembled; they declare
that tho Constitution has been disregarded in
every respect. And this was said in 1804,
when the nation was struggling for its life, by
a political party which professed to submit and
adhere to the (Jovenimeiit. What further did
they declare !
" liaohed, That the direct interference of the mili-
tary authorities of the United States in the recent
elections held in Kentucky, Maryland,Missouri, and
Delaware was a shameful violation of the Constitu-
tion ; and a repetition of such acts in the approach-
ing election will be held as rcvolutionaiy and re-
sisted with all tho means and power under our con-
trol."
They were going to war on President Lin-
coln in 1804. If 1, sir, was guilty of treason
or disloyalty, pray, where does the Democratic
party stand? Guilty, far more guilty! If a
letter written in a moment of surprise, amid a
whirlwind of wrath, renounced the next day
by a bold opposition to rebellion, on the stump,
and on many a bloody field, is treason, what
is the solemn declarations of a convention,
made in tranquillity, and adhered to till this
good hour, as were the treasonable resolves of
the Chicago convention?
Again, in their call for a Union national con-
vention at Philadelphia, in August, 1860, they
use the following language: ,
" Bach State has the undoubted right to prescribe
the qualifications of its own electors, and no external
power rightfully can or ought to dictate, control, or
mlluonce the tree and voluntary action of the States
m the exercise of that right."
And yet, in the faee of that resolution, these
gentlemen came forward here last Thursday
and protested against the delegation from
Tennessee being allowed to take their seats.
Thus have they shown themselves triflers with
what they profess to be solemn rights of States.
Such conduct is as destitute of sincerity as it is
of consistency.
I could read further from this platform, but
enough has been quoted to show what that
party said at Chicago, and that if I have been
guilty of treason or disloyalty the whole Dem-
ocratic party is much more guilty. I cannot
understand where any aid or comfort has been
given by mo to the rebellion, when whatever
contribution the rebel government got from me
was forcibly taken by their own bushwhackers
and guerrillas. In order to show the House
the way 1 did it, I will, ask the Clerk to read
the following letter; it will give some idea of
the aid I gave :
The Clerk read as follows:
Headquarters Commissar t Office.
Morgan's Brigade, near Mcrjreesboro',
December 10, 1862.
By order of General Morgan, commanding, I have
this day seized as the property of Colonel W. B
Stokes, of first Tennessee cavalry of the United
States, two hundred and fifty-four bushels of wheat,
valued at $1 40 per bushel, and will account for the
same on my returns for the current month to the com-
missary general of the confederate States. Said
Stokes being an alien citizen, it is the opinion of tho
undersigned that his property escheats to the Gov-
ernment. Vf. P. ELLIOTT,
Major and A. C. 8., Morgan's Cuoalry.
Mr. STOKES. Now, I will say, for the
information of the House, that it was not only
wheat that they took, but corn, cattle and
horses. And, sir, they went so far as to march
their forces into my dwelling and to raise the
carpets off the floors; they took the dresses of
my wife and daughters to make themselves
shirts; they even went so far as to strip two
little boys of every rag they had but their shirts
and pants. When I returned about one o'clock
at night and drove them from my domicile I
found the little boys covered up iu bed. I
asked them why they did not get up and see me,
and they burst into tears. I turned and asked
their mother what was the matter, and she told
me_: '' These men have taken away every rag of
their clothes, and I put them to bed and covered
them up till their clothes can be washed aud
ironed." And yet we are told here in this
House that the government of Tennessee is a
disgrace because it does not allow such men
to vote.
Now, sir, in order to get rid of this Duncan
letter once for all, I will send to the Clerk's
desk and have read a letter that I addressed
on the 27th of September last to the Nashville
Union and Dispatch, which covers the whole
ground and covers it for all time to come.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
Liberty, Tennessee, September 27,1SG7.
Editors Union and Dispatch:
Sirs: I see in your issue of the 26th instant tho
following allusion to myself, which does me great
injustice:
william b. stokes amnestied.
The Washington correspondent of the New York
\V orld says:
"Among those embraced by the recent proclama-
tion of amnesty is Hon. William B. Stokes, of
Tennessee, a member of the Thirty-Sixth Congress,
who went into the rebellion and proposed to raise
troops—now a Radical member of tho last and I
believe also a member-elect of the present llouse of
Representatives.
"And yet this man with the governmental halter
around his neck, has passed himself oil' for a ' fire-
tried loyalist.' "
It is_ not true that I ever was connected in any
way with the rebellion, or the attempt to separate
or break up the federal Government.
I never made a speech or uttered a word in favor
of secession; I never raised any troops for the rebel
army; I never joined a rebel company; I never
sought or held an office in the so-called confederate
government; I never took an oath to support the so-
called confederate government; I never contributed
one cent to aid tlie rebellion, unless it was forced
from me, cither by the confederate authorities or
stolen from me by their roving bands of thieves and
bushwhackers. If this is considered as giving aid,
then I aided extensively. I never drew one breath
in favor of secession or disunion, and not one word or
act of mine can be so construed if truth and justice is
done. It is well known that I stood up and opposed
every move towardseeession in the Thirty-Sixth Con-
gress. It is well known that I opposed separation in
lBol, and made a vigorous canvass against it duriug
the months of May and June, 1861, voting no separa-
tion and representation on the 8th of June, 1861. it
is vvell known that I entered the Federal lines as soon
as General Buell reached Nashville.
It is well known that I raised a regiment of good
and true men for the Federal Army in 1862, and served
asanpfficer and soldier in the same until the spring
oi I860, when I was honorably discharged. It is well
known that while in the Army I never disobeyed an
order from a superior officer.
I dislike to trouble you with this, but justice de-
mands a fiat denial of such gross misrepresentations.
-No Government halter was ever around my neck, for
the good reason of neverhavingcommiited anoffense
againstmyGovernment.eitlierby vvordordeed. You,
no doubt, have had the halter about your neck for
treason, and if justice had been done, theprops would
have been knocked from under you, and clear day-
light would liavo been seen between you and eai tb,
