1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
807
time, and all the time from the beginning of the war,
through all its changing and horrid scenes, was true
to the country—true in prosperity and true in adver-
sity."
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It was in reply to that
speech of the gentleman's colleague that he
made the "remark that he would freeze to his
chair before he would consent to a modification
of what is known as the test-oath. Now, let
us see how he can be reconciled and squared
with the test-oath. That oath provides, as the
House well knows, thattheapplicantforadmis-
sion shall solemnly swear, or affirm, as follows :
TT"J h,aye never voluntarily borne arms against the
united States since I have been a citizen thereof;
that I have voluntarily given no aid, countenance,
counsel, or encouragement to persons engaged in
armed hostility thereto; that I have neither sought,
nor accepted, nor attempted to exercise the functions
of any office whatever under any authority, or pre-
tended authority, in hostility to the United States;
that I have not yielded a voluntary support to any
pretended government, authority, power, or consti-
tution within the United States hostile or inimical
thereto."
That is the part of the oath that applies to
past conduct. That is the part of the oath that
it was supposed stood in the way of Judge
Patterson taking it upon his application for
admission to the Senate of the United States.
Now, let us see what the gentleman from
Tennessee has done, for be it remembered
that this letter is admitted to be a genuine
letter, and -to-day the gentleman justifies either
the whole or the most part of it. Has he not
resisted or given aid and comfort to those who
were resisting the Federal Government? Does
he not tell them in this letter that the time for
resistance is now come; that the time has come
when "we should resist the oppressions of the
Federal Government?" The gentleman says
now that was true. Again he says;
" Thathaving failed, I shall now march forward in
the discharge of my duty inresisting Lincoln, regard-
less of falso charges, or what not, by those who arc
trying to put me down. Time will tell where we all
stand, and who have been faithful."
Has the gentleman been shown by time to
have been "faithful?" He was faithful then
to the rebellion. He was always a believer in
the right of rebellion, and I suppose he is now,
or at any time when oppression is intolerable.
It was in 1861, and then was the time to resist
the Federal authority. It is said that he has
made a brilliant record. It is said by the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan] that he has
condoned his sin, that he has wiped out the
wrong which he did by subsequent good beha-
vior. He admits the wrong, and so did the gen-
tleman himself when the letter was first read
in the House. If that be so, and the gentleman
from Illinois is right and the disloyalty has been
condoned, (it existed before that and now,)
I ask again how lie could swear he was never
disloyal or never gave aid or encouragement
to the rebellion? If he had done the wrong,
and that wrong was within the meaning of the
oath, how it is that the gentleman from Ten-
nessee can walk up here before this House and
lift his hand on high and swear before God and
man that he has done nothing to aid or give
comfort or encouragement to those who were
resisting the Federal authority?
I thought at that time the oath ought to be
modified, and I still think so. I do not think
that it is necessary to require a man to swear
in regard to his past conduct. I am willing,
if a man is with us to-day, if he has surrendered
his hostility to the Government, as I have no
doubt the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Stokes] has—if he is now a loyal man and
will swear to be loyal—I am willing to allow
him to sit here as a member of Congress. I
doubt not he may have repented of writing
that letter and encouraging liis then rebel
friends. But he has given us another very
good reason why he should feel hostile toward
his former friends; he has been badly treated
by them. He has given better evidence of hos-
tility than of loyaity. He tells us that he lost
his horses, his cows, his sheep through them.
Mr. BOSS. And his shirt.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. My friend says, "and his
shirtI do not know that he said that. But
ho lost almost all he had by these men, whom
he was encouraging and acting with in 1861.
It is not remarkable, therefore, that you should
find him to-day in open hostility to and using
the denunciatory language he is using against
the rebellion, and against all those who he
says at some time or other have sympathized
with the rebellion. He has a pretty good
excuse for it. I do not blame hira for hating
those men; I do not blame him for his present
loyalty, but the oath has reference to the past.
Those were dark days in 1861 for the Republic.
They were days that tried men—tried their
loyalty. It is not as trying and difficult now.
I was going to say the days were brighter
now; though I have sometimes thought they
are not. But, from the gentleman's stand-
point, I have no doubt he thinks the days now
are better, and that loyalty bears a betler price
and is more popular in his estimation; espe-
cially is his position stronger. Having deserted
his friends of 1801 and gone in with his black
companions he has them all to support him
and send him to Congress.
The gentleman undertakes to justify his State
and defend its government. He says his State
has been attacked here. What! the old sov-
ereign State of Tennessee attacked herein this
House? By no means. It is only that infa-
mous State government that the gentleman and
his friends have set up on the foundation of
the old and once glorious State of Tennessee
that has been attacked—that government which
no honest, no upright, or just man can justify
or defend that has been attacked. Why, sir.
who has attacked the State of Tennessee? My
friend from Illinois [Mr. Marshall] did not.
He did attack the present government—the
Brownlow government—there, and told this
House and the country that it was a despotism
and a disgrace to the civilization of the age.
And I concur in that sentiment. The oppres-
sion there would shame a despotism anywhere
on the face of God's earth, and the gentleman
cannot deny it. The gentleman says they en-
franchised the negroes and disfranchised white
rebels only. How did you do it? I would ask
him. Did you disfranchise them according to
your constitution and laws ? Or did you en-
franchise and disfranchise by the despotic hand
of power—by your Brownlow bayonets? The
government now enforced was never estab-
lished by the voluntary will or choice of the
people. I wonder not that the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Stokes] feels called upon to
vindicate his position here. I should suppose
that when he comes forward here to represent
a portion of the State of Tennessee, where a
majority of the white men have been disfran-
chised, when he is able to come here only by
the negro votes—I should suppose he would
feel called upon to defend his position, tfnd to
make just such attacks as he has made upon
the platform of the Democratic party in days
gone by. He cannot, however, cover his own
disloyalty by throwing dust of that sort.
There are some gentlemen on the other side
of the House, if I am not mistaken, and some
on this, who agreed to the platform of the Dem-
ocratic party of 1864. It is not necessary that
I should defend that platform or the position of
the Democratic party at that time. The Repub-
lican party is making their then prediction
more than true. But the Democratic party will
never cease its hostility and abhorrence of the
state of things in Tennessee to which 1 have
alluded. It will not soon be reconciled to such
governments as the present one in Tennessee ;
to the treading under foot the Constitution of
the United States,- the constitutions of the
States themselves, and building up rotten bor-
oughs to send to Congress such men as the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, or better or worse ones.
And this I suppose is the reason why the gen-
tleman in vindicating his loyalty to the Govern--
ment finds it necessary to assail and denounce
that party.
I will now yield the remainder of my time to
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Marshall.]
The SPEAKER. There is one minute re-
maining ul* the time of the gentleman from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldridge.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I supposed I had more
time left.
Mr. MARSHALL. I believe, Mr. Speaker,
if this discussion is to stop here, I shall say
nothing on the subject. Most of the remarks
of the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Stokes]
were directed to myself, and 1 did desire to
make a remark or two, which would probably
explain to him satisfactorily the reasons for the
grounds which I took. But those grounds have
been pretty fully stated by my friend from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Eldridge,] and if this matter is
to go no further I will not ask the House to
grant me time to reply to the gentleman from
Tennessee.
The SPEAKER. The time of the gentle-
man from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge] has now
expired.
TAXATION 01' GOVERNMENT BONDS.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I rise to a
privileged question, and call up the motion
made by me on the 11th of July last, to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution offered
by me July 10 was referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Itesohed, That the burdens of the Government
should be borne equally; that taxation should be in
proportion to property held; that exemption of any
material portion of the wealth of this country from
its due proportion of taxes is wroneHiI, unjust, and
should be avoided; and to carry out these views the
right to tax the bonds of the Government should be
given in any future system funding said bonds.
The SPEAKER. The question is, Will the
House reconsider the vote by which the reso-
lution was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. On that I
demand the previous question.
Mr. WASHBUENE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman yield to me one moment for an
inquiry?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. Certainly.
_ Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What ac-
tion does the gentleman propose to have taken
in this matter?
Mr. WASHBURN,_ of Indiana. I propose
that we shall reconsider the reference, and
then pass the resolution.
Mr. WASHBUENE, of Illinois. I believe
the Committee of Ways and Means has never
acted on the resolution. I think the gentle-
man had better let the committee act upon it.
I move that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. On that
motion I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I call for
tellers on ordering the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I ciJl for
tellers upon the motion to lay on the table.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Washburn,
of Indiana, and Mr. Wasiiboixe, of Illinois,
were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes seventy-two, noes not counted.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
lighting streets of washington.
Joint resolution ^S. R. No. 07) relative to
lighting the streets of Washington city, Dis-
trict of Columbia, was taken from the Speak-
er's table, and read a lirst and second time.
The SPEAKER.. This resolution has been
on the table since tho 30th of March last, in
consequence of the fact that business at the
July session was limited to legislation relative
to reconstruction. The Chair understands
that it is the desire that this bill shall be referred
to the Committee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. WELKER. I move that it be referred
to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBUENE, of Illinois. I move
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
referred ; and also move that tho motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
