1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
811
close of the session, shall be informally returned to
the Secretary, and byhira restored to the committees
when appointed at the next session.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY-
Mr. FESSENDEN, I move that when the
Senate adjourn to-day it adjourn to meet on
Monday next at half past eleven o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
FINANCE AND CURRENCY.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 148) to raise the value of
legal-tender notes to par; which, was-read
twice by its title.
Mr. SUMNER. Is that a long bill?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is not.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to have it
read.
The Secretary read the bill. It proposes to
direct the Secretary of the Treasury, on and
after July 4, 1869, to pay in coin all United
States notes not bearing interest, commonly
called legal-tender notes, which may be pre-
sented for such payment at the Treasurer's
office in Washington or such other places as
may be designated by him, of which public
notice shall be given. It further provides that,
until January 1, 1800, whenever there shall be
in the Treasury (after paying the interest and
coupons falling due on the 1st of January and
July of each year, and deducting gold certifi-
cates of deposit) any excess of coin above
$75,000,000, the Secretary of the Treasury
shall, within thirty days after January 1 and
July 1, respectively, sell the same in such man-
ner as in his judgment will best promote the
public interest, and may receive in payment
United States notes, national bank notes, com-
pound-interest notes, and three per cent, cer-
tificates.
The bill also provides that all national banks
having on hand less than twenty per cent, in
specie of their respective capitals shall here-
at'ler, and until July 1, 1869, keep and hold, in
coin, all interest received on United States
bonds deposited by them with the Treasurer of
the United States; but this is not to be con-
strued as adding anything to the amount of the
reserve now required to be lfeld by these banks;
and that on and after July 4, 1809, all national
banks shall be required to redeem and pay, in
coin, on demand, all their bills issued as cur-
rency of the denomination of five dollars and
under, when presented at their counters, and
all bills of a higher denomination either in
coin or in legal-tender notes ; and any bank
failing to comply with these provisions is to be
deemed to have forfeited its charter, and the
Comptroller of the Currency is to take proper
pioceclings against it, and, in'lieu of it, to
authorize new national banks with an equal
amount of capital, to be located in sueh States
as may have less-than their due proportion of
the whole amount now authorized by law.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not
desire to discuss this matter this morning, but
I intend to do so at an early day. I merely
ask at the present time that the bill may be
printed and lie on the table. Mr. President,
while 1 cordially agree in the sentiment and
purpose of the resolution of my colleague, I
am yet in favor of Congress grappling with all
these difficult questions in relation to finance,
with the subject of our legal tenders, and with
the subject of bonds; and I have no doubt of
the purpose or of the ability of this Congress
to so adjust our system of taxation and to pass
such measures as will, in the end, prove alto-
gether more satisfactory than the present state
of affairs in the country would seem to war-
rant. I trust that in the end all these meas-
ures which have been submitted, and which
shall be submitted, will be referred to the
Committee on FinancQ. I make no such mo-
tion now, however. I simply move for the
present that this bill lie on the table and be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 149)
to regulate the selection of officers in the city
of Washington, District of Columbia, and for
other purposes; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
Mr. CONNESS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 150) to provide for the payment of D. B.
Allen & Co. for services in carrying the United
States mails; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 161) for the relief of G-oldsmith Brothers,
of the cities of San Francisco, California, and
Portland, Oregon, brokers; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Claims.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 152)
to amend an act entitled "An act making
appropriations and to supply deficencies in the
appropriations for the service of the Govern-
ment for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1867,
and for other purposes," approved March 2,
18G7; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 153)
to establish a collection district in the State of
Oregon ; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
captured and abandoned property.
Mr. CONNESS submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Whereas it appeals from House of Representative
Executive Document 2Co. 97, second session 'jClnrty-
Ninth Congress, page 38, that Colonel S. D. llolabird,
assistant quartermaster, late chief quartermaster of
the department of the Gulf, up to February, 18d5, had
received of the net proceeds of captured and aban-
doned property the sum of SS13,529 31: and whereas
it further appears from page 40 of said document that
said sum of money " was used in the quartermaster's
dejjartmeut as if belonging to the regular funds" of
that department, by direction of " the major general
then commanding the department of the Gulf;" and
whereas the second section of the act of March i'J,
1SG3, entitled " An act to provide for the collection of
abandoned property," fre., requires that the proceeds
of such property shall be paid into the Treasury of
the United States: Therefore,
Itciolveil, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to inform the Senate at his earliest con-
venience whether the said sum of •SSoi,529 34 has been
credited to tho account of captured and abandoned
property in the Treasury of the United States, and is
included in the total net sum realized from such prop-
erty as seen in said report, and whether tho said sum
of money has been charged to the account of the
quartermaster's department, and if not so charged
to the quartermaster's department what legislation
is necessary to effect that object.
' EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. YATES, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness; and after some time spent therein the
doors were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, November 30, 1807.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by Rev. A. D. Gillette, D. D.
The Journal of Wednesday last was read and
approved.
member sworn in.
Mr. LAFLIN. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. 1 present the credentials of Alexander
H. Bailey, member-elect to this Congress from
the twenty-first congressional district of New
York.
Mr. Bailey appeared, and qualified by taking
the oath required by law.
RECESS TILL MONDAY.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker,_ this is the
last day of the present session. It is manifest
there is no quorum present, and it is morally
certainjhere will not be. It was understood
when we adjourned on Wednesday that no
business should be done to-day, except to take
a recess. I move, therefore, that the House
take a recess till ten o'clock on Monday morn-
ing.
Mr. BANKS. Say eleven.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will say half past ten.
The resolution as modified was a°reed to;
and thereupon (at twelve o'clock and fifteen
minutes) the House took a recess till Monday
next at half past ten o'clock a. m.
The SPEAKER (at half past ten o'clock a.
m., Monday, December 2) called the House
to order, and stated that the recess taken on
Saturday last having expired, the House would
resume its session.
LAWS 01? NEW MEXICO.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
laws of the Territory of New Mexico ; which
were referred to the Committee on the Terri-
tories.
NATIONAL BANK STOCK.
Mr. BLAINE, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on Banking and Cur-
rency be instructed to inquire into the expediency of '
so changing the law in respect to the taxation of
national bank stock as to permit the stock owned in
the Stato where the bank is located to be assessed
and paid in the city or town where the stockholder
resides.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, Mr. Speaker, I
ask unanimous consent to make a statement in
regard to the gentleman from New York, my
colleague on the Committee on the Judicially.
There was^no objection.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, in
the Daily National Intelligencer of November
27, 18G7, appeared an editorial article, the first
paragraph of which reads as follows:
"As the Intelligencer has over and over again
tabooed the idea of impeachment, either as to just
causes or to the supposition that ic could obtain
among partisans having common sense, we have now
to recede from that position in so far as a majoiity
of the House Committee on the Judiciary are con-
ecrncd. 1 he nicc moral and mental processes lead-
ing to the defection of Churchill, ot jS'cw York, an
importunate beggar for placc and patronage at 1 he
footstool of executive powei, were not foreseen,
though a J a da- mighf be expected from so mercenary
a quarter; nor was it at all out of character that ho
should cleave to his associates until the last moment,
with a view to r.i .ke treachery tile moie valuable ty
inflicting a, uvost fatal stab. To him partieulnrlyreler
the scorching words ot Messrs. "Wilsox and Wood-
r.iiiDGi:, who have eminently illustrated the exalted
finalities of honor, eonscientiou-nes-, and integrity,
which arc gems in character of inconceivable bril-
liancy anil value, and which we hope may long exist
in legislative halls, to save an imperiled country
when beset by iicrec and angry tempests of human
passion.''
I have never defended myself in this House
against the attacks of newspapers, nor do I
expect ever so to do. 1 call the attention of
the House to this article for a different pur-
pose. The article attacks, unjustly 1 think,
one of my colleagues on the Committee on the
Judiciary, and gives itself point by stating a
misapprehension of the report of the minority
of the committee on the proposed impeach-
ment of the President of the United States.
That report contained in its introductory para'
graph the following statement:
" On the 3d day of June, 1SGT, it was declared by a
solemn vote in the committee that from tho testi-
mony then before them it did not appear that, tho
President of the United States was guilty ot such
high crimes and misdemeanors as called loi an exer-
cise of the impeaching power of this Uon^e. Tho
vote stood }eas live, nays fout. On the llhh iiei.mt
this action ot the committee was reversed, and a vo:o
of live to four declared iu favor of recommending to
the ilouse an impeachment ot the Pi evident. 1 <>i ty-
cight hours have not yet elapsed sine we were
informed of the character of tin1 repaid which repre-
sents this changed attitude o! the committee. Tho
