814
the congressional globe.
November 30,
TAXES PAID BY NATIONAL BANlvS.
Mr. INGERSOLL submitted the following
resolution:
Resolved, That tho Secretary of the Treasury be,"
and ho hereby is, directed to send to this House a
statement in detail which shall show the amount ol
taxes of all kinds which were received into the -treas-
ury of the United States during the last fiscal year
from the national banlcs, and the amount of interest
drawn from the Treasury by said banks in the same
year.
The SPEAKER. This - being a call for
executive information, unanimous- consent is
necessary for its consideration on this day.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and adopted.
RAILROAD POSTAL MATTER.
Mr. NIBLACK submitted the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of allowing railroad companies to carry
their own letters relating to the business of their roads
outside of the mail tree of postage; and to report by
bill or otherwise.
FEDERAL COURTS IN INDIANA.
Mr. KERR submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and adopted:
Whereas by reason of late decisions of the Supreme
Court of the United States the jurisdiction ol the
district and circuit court of the United btates in
cases of admiralty, which are constantly arising out
of the very extensive commcrce which is carried on
upon our western rivers, and especially on tho Ohio
river at and below the falls in that river, has been
practically increased to a great extent, and the juris-
diction of the local State courts has been m like
manner denied and destroyed to an equivalent ex-
tent, so that, by lack of convenient and accessible
Federal courts, justice is many times practically
denied: Therefore. ,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
instructed to inquiro into the expediency of provid-
ing by law for the holding of two terms annually of
tho district court of tho United States for the State
of Indiana at the city of New Albany, ill said State,
and to report by bill or otherwise.
land bounties i'or soldiers.
Mr. COBURN submitted the following res*
olution; which was read, considered, and
adopted:
Resolved, That tho Committee on Invalid Pensions
bo instructed to inquire into the expediency of pro-
viding by law for bounties in land to bo given to tho
soldiers of the Union in the late war of the rebellion,
and report by bill or otherwise.
REDEMPTION OP RANK CURRENCY.
Mr. MAYNARD submitted the following
resolution; which was read, considered, anc.
adopted:
Resolved, That tho Committee on Banking and
Currency consider the propriety and expediency of
requiring the national banking associations on and
after the 1st day of May, 1803, to redeem their cir-
culation in coin.
TAX ON TOBACCO,.
Mr. GRAVELY submitted the following res-
olution ; - which was read, considered, and
adopted :
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Moans
be instructed to inquire into the cxpcdieney of re-
ducing the internal revenue tax on manufactured
tobacco, and provide by law for the collection of such
reduced tax by requiring the manufacturer to place
revenue stamps prop&rly eancclcd on the boxes t>r
packages containing the same, and report by bill or
otherwise.
CASHIERED OFFICERS.
Mr. GARFIELD introduced a bill relatin^
to officers of the Army dismissed or cashiered
by sentence of a general court-martial; which
wa§ read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
SAMUEL II. MOORE.
Mr. MUNGEN submitted the following res
olution; which was read, considered, and
adopted:  
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
bo instructed to inquire into what relief, if any, is
necessary for Samuel H. Moore, late aprivate of com-
pany H, fifty-seventh Ohio veteran volunteer in
iantry, and that they report by bill or otherwise.
AMENDMENT TO THE CONSTITUTION.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I propose an
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States, which I ask may# be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I must
interpose objection, Mr. Speaker, to the print-
ing of all them matters on their introduction.
It is an entirely now practice.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I think it has been
.customary to order the printing of these pro-
posed amendments to the Constitution of the
[Jnited States, and I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his objection.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is hard
to resist the gentleman's request, but I do not
think he ought to insist on the printing of these
papers before the Committee on Printing have
bad them under consideration. This printing
largely increases our expenses.
I-withdraw my objection at this time.
The joint resolution was read a first and
second time-, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
abolition of special licenses.
Mr. WELKER submitted the following res-
olution :
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of so
amending tho revenue law as to abolish the special
licenses now required to be paid, and report by bill
or otlierwiso.
Mr. SPALDING. I object to the commit-
tee being instructed.
Mr. WELKER. I will modify it, and sub-
stitute "directed" for "instructed."
Tho resolution, as modified, was adopted.
NON-CONTItACTION OF CURRENCY.
Mr. BROOKS submitted the following reso-
lution, on which he demanded the previous
question:
Resolved, That in tho opinion of this House the
contraction of the currency $4,000,000 per month,
authorized by law, but subject to the discretion ot
tho Secretary of the Treasury, ought, during the
present depressed condition of the commerce, manu-
factures, and trade of the country, to cease.
'Mr. PRUYN. I ask my colleague to modify
his resolution by adding the words "or be
essentially modified."
The SPEAKER. Tt is not debatable, the
previous question having been called.
Mr. ALLISON. I object to debate.
Mr. PRUYN. I do not propose to debate
the resolution, but merely to suggest a modifi-
cation.
The SPEAKER. That is in the nature of
debate.
The House divided on seconding the call for
the previous question; and there were—ayes
35, noes 28; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER appointed Mr. Brooks and
Mr. Hooper of Massachusetts as tellers.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
chairman of the Committee ol' Ways and Means
whether they do not have this subject now
before them, and whether they will not soon
report to this House ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
objects to debate. „
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 45, noes 54.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I rise for the purpose
of asking the consent of the House to address
a question to the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman rises to
debate the resolution it goes over under the
rules.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not understand the
gentleman to rise to debate the resolution, but
merely to ask a question.
The SPEAKER. That is debate.
Mr. BROOKS. "Will the gentleman state
his proposition?
Mr. INGERSOLL. If it is any accommo-
dation to the gentleman I will rise for that
purpose.
Mr. BROOKS. It does not accommodate
me at all.
The SPEAKER. The resolution, debate
arising, goes over under the rules.
FINANCE.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Idesire to ask the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means a
question on another subject.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection? The
Chair hears none.
Mr. INGERSOLL. On the 'first day of the
present session, appreciating, perhaps, as fully
as any gentleman here the importance of taking
action in regard to the contraction of the cur-
rency, I introduced a bill to repeal that section
of the law which authorized the Secretary of
the Treasury to retire the currency 84,000,000
per month, and also to prohibit any further
contraction. That bill I had referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, in order that
it might be there considered, and in the hope
that it might receive an early consideration
and be reported for action to the House ; for,
perhaps, there is no question now before the
House of so much importance. I desire the
chairman of the committee to state for the
information of the House when we shall have
a report on that subject.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, this is hur-
rying us up very early. I will answer my friend
by simply saying that the committee has been
unable to have consideration, as yet, of more
than one important subject connected with the
finance of the country, and upon that we are
prepared to report. We propose to meet from
day to day, and grapple as best we can with
each one of these subjects, including that to
which the gentleman now refers, and I appre-
hend a report will be made upon them, as well
as some other matters, at a very early day.
Mr. INGERSOLL. The answer is perfectly
satisfactory. 1 now wish to call the attention
of the chairman of the committee and of the
House to the fact that the Secretary ofthe Treas-
ury is depleting the country of currency at the
rate of $125,000 per day. Sangrado-like he is
taking the very blood out of the nation, and lie
must be stopped, and that quickly.
Mr. SCHENCK. In answer to the sugges-
tion of the gentleman I will simply say that
although the committee is very young in its
life it is not at all asleep, and if it will satisfy
my friend I will say not only the Secretary of
the Treasury, but from the communications we
receive I am inclined to believe that everybody
in the country is thinking upon these subjects,
and we propose to act as soon as we possibly
can, but not without some little deliberation
upon the many questions before us; because
there are very grave matters with which we have
to employ ourselves. I will also remind the
gentleman as one reason why the committee
has not hurried to report upon any of these
subjects, that we have not yet received the
report of the head of the financial Department
ofthe Government and of his various subordi-
nates; and although we have anticipated him,
and anticipated the whole question in relation
to one subject already, we have not thought it
expedient to hurry any report upon many of
these important subjects, this included, until
we have before us at least the report of the
Secretary of the Treasury, accompanied by all
the information that can be given by that officer
and by tho different bureaus of his Department.
NEW LOAN.
Mr. ELA offered the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be instructed to inquiro into the expediency of a new
loan, payable after ten years, and redeemable after
thirty years in coin, by the issuo of bonds bearing
five per cent, interest, in coin, payable semi-annu-
ally, and taxable at the rate of one percent., to be
deducted from the interest when paid, the tax to bo
distributed to tho several States in proportion to
their Representatives in Congress, in lieu of local
taxation; and also, of providing for a notice to hold-
ers of Government obligations now or hereafter to
bccomc due, that thoy may. receive said bonds in
exchange or payment, according to the tenor of their
obligations,without interest after notice; said notice
to be given from time to time whonevcr the condition
of the Treasury will allow the redemption without
