1807.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
815
increasing the floating obligations of the Government
beyond the amount now in circulation, and report by
bill or otherwise.
redumption' oe tub funded debt.
Mr.BzVNKS. Iofferthefollowingresolution,
and demand the previous question thereon:
Resolved, That public policy and national honor
alike forbid the redemption of the funded debt of the
United States in depreciated paper currency.
On seconding the previous question tliere
were—ayes 32, noes 60.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I ask unani-
mous consent to propound a question.
_ Mr. ALLISON. I object.
Mr. BANKS. I demand tellers on second-
ing the previous question.
Tellers wer% ordered; and Messrs. Banks
and Boyer were appointed.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I desire to ask the
Chair whether if the previous question be not
sustained it will be in order to send the res-
olution to the Committee of Ways and Means?
The SPEAKER. It certainly would be; or
to rise to debate the resolution, which would
carry it over under the rules.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes twenty-nine, noes not counted.
So the House refused to second the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. BANKS. I move that the resolution be
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
The motion was agreed to.
ELECTION IN CONNECTICUT.
Mr. DAWES. I offer the following resolu-
tion, upon which I demand the previous ques-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee of Elections he
authorized to continue the investigation heretofore
authorized by the House into the truth of certain
charges against Hon. William II. Babnum, anything
in the resolution of the 25th ultimo to the contrary
notwithstanding.
Mr. SPALDING. I wish the gentleman
would show the importance of suspending the
order made the other day and allowing another
committee to travel to Connecticut.
Mr. DAWES. If there be no objection I will
state to the House the reason for offering the
resolution.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object, unless the pre-
vious question is withdrawn.
Mr. DAWES. Of course I must withdraw
the previous question in order to make the
explanation.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I presume
there will be no objection if the gentleman can
be replied to by any member who desires it.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to
allowing an explanation and a reply?
No objection was made.
Mr. DAWES. 1 do not suppose that any one
is of the idea that the Committee of Elections
are anxious to pursue this investigation any
further, or to travel about the country, as
is suggested by my friend from Ohio, [Mr.
Spaldixc.]
The Committee of Elections were charged
witli this unpleasant duty at the last session,
and they held two sessions in Connecticut.
They heard the ease in part. They heard but
one side of the case, and did not conclude the
hearing of that side. The other side has not
been heard at all. It seemed to the commit-
tee but just and fair that both sides of the case
should be heard; and it was understood by
the committee that both parties were desirous
of presenting the case still further here at the
capital.
It is a grave charge made against a gentle-
man holding a seat in this House. What the
grounds are lor the charge of course it is not
proper for me to state, or what the indications
are from the testimony so far as the investiga-
tion has been pursued by the committee. It
is simply enough for- me to state that the com-
mittee sent a sub-committee to Connecticut
and pursued the investigation in part during
the recess. It is their intention, if it be the
will of the House, to complete it in as short a
time as possible here at the capital. That is
all I desire to say about it.- The whole House
knows the nature of the charge, and the pro-
priety of a fair and proper investigation. I
now yield to my colleague on the committee
from New York, [Mr. Chanler.]
Mr. CHANLER. Of course it is not my
object to defeat the original object of the Com-
mittee of Elections, which was to inquire into
the charge made against the Representative
from the fourth district of Connecticut, but I
feel it my duty to state to the House for its
better decision upon this request for authority
to take further testimony at this time, that so
far as the inquiry has gone the present occu-
pant of the seat [Mr. Barsijji] has offered
every opportunity to the committee, and no
drawback or hinderance has come from that
side for a thorough investigation as to the truth
of these heinous charges against him; and as a
matter of opinion as to the propriety of hold-
ing members of this House up to the country
for invidious criticism I feel that it is not
encroaching on my duty as a member of the
Committee of Elections to say that this gentle-
man should be entitled to his seat here without
this cloud hanging over his reputation, and I
believe nothing has been found, and nothing
can be found, to warrant so extraordinary a
proceeding as the one which has taken place.
But I will not now do, nor has Mr. Bakxum or
any of those who protect his interests in this
case at any time done, aught to hinder a full
and thorough investigation as to his character
in connection with this matter. If the chair-
man of the Committee of Elections, therefore,
deems that this is necessary, and if he assumes
the responsibility of a further investigation,
that seems to me to warrant the House in car-
rying out whatever plans he may have.
I make these remarks more to show that the
spirit with which the minority, to which Mr.
Barxum belongs, will carry out this investiga-
tion, is one which seeks the light. I hope,
however, no construction will be put upon
what I say here which will in any way preju-
dice the case of Mr. Barxum, or give it a par-
tisan character in any respect.
Mr. SPALDING. I have no feeling in this
matter. As respects the two candidates for
the vacant seat from Connecticut—or the one
which was vacant—I do not think it makes
much difference to the interest of the country
which gentleman takes the seat.
Mr. UPSON. There is no contest in regard
to it.
Mr. SPALDING. There is no contest at all
in regard to the seat. I learn from the public
papers that a portion of our committee on
privileges and elections—for whom I have the
most unbounded respect, especially for the
chairman of that committee, [Mr. Dawes]—
have been engaged for weeks in the State of
Connecticut in investigating which of these
gentlemen paid the most money for votes.
'They have ascertained that one of these gen-
tlemen paid for a multitude of votes ; and we
are told that the other bought up still more. I
understand that they want to send a committee
there to find out if there was not a majority
bought on the other side.
I say it is derogatory to the dignity of this
Congress to send out committees for any such
purpose. I take it the State of Connecticut
will take care of its own citizens. If any of
them indulge in bribery within the limits of
that State they will be punished under the laws
against bribery.
I do not know how we can come to any con-
clusion on this matter, even if the committee
spend three months more in trying to ascertain
whether the sitting member expended more
money than he who lost the place in obtaining
votes for member of Congress. I object to
this investigation from principle. I do not
like to spend the time of this committee which
is so valuable to this House, neither do I like
to spend the money of the nation for any such
purpose.
Mr. DAWES. Whatever may bo the prin-
ciple of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spald-
ing] which leads him to object to investigating
the question whether a man has obtained his
seat in this House by bribery or not, it is not
worth while for me to discuss. If he has a
principle against investigating such a charge
as that that is sufficient for him.
I will simply state that the Committee on
Elections do not propose to go to Connecticut.
I will state further that we have not spent weeks
in Connecticut on any such mission as he sug-
gests. There is no such duty devolving upon
the Committee of Elections by the resolution
of this House which requires them to ascer-
tain which candidate did bribe the most, but
they are required by a vote of this House to
investigate and report to this House whether
the gentleman who holds his seat here has been
guilty of bribery in that election. I do not
propose to comment upon the weight of the
testimony already takeij, or upon the ability of
the gentleman holding this seat to entirely acquit
himself before this House of the truth of the
charge. Itis due to him, however, thatl should
state, in conjunction with my colleague, [Mr.
Ciiaxlf.r, ] that he has not personally interposed
any obstacle in the way of the investigation.
It is, however, true, as the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Chaxler,] my colleague upon
the committee, will admit, that the committee
encountered great difficulty in the obtaining of
testimony which seemed to them to be import-
ant, in obtaining the attendance of certain
persons as witnesses. I do not mean by that
remark to intimate that the sitting member is
at all responsible for the absence of witnesses;
but it did so happen that whenever the com-
mittee attempted to obtain the evidence of cer-
tain witnesses those witnesses were always out
of the State.
Now, I do not personally care about this
matter. I should feel greatly relieved if the
House should direct this committee to abandon
the investigation of the charge against one of
its members, that he has obtained his seat
here by bribery. I do not mean to say that
there is a particle of evidence that he has done
so ; but here is a charge to that effect made by
citizens of the State of Connecticut, and upon
the committee has been devolved the duty of
investigating it. Without waiting for the com-
mittee to complete the investigation or to make
any report upon the testimony, it is suggested
by my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Spalding.] who
cannot have half as much respect for me as I
have for him, that that is a trifling matter, and
that it is beneath the dignity of the House
to inquire into the question whether any man
upon this floor holds his seat by virtue of
bribery.
Now, I have submitted all that I care to
submit upon this question. I shall regard the
vote of the House, if this resolution should be
rejected, as an indication that the House agrees
with my distinguished friend from Ohio in th'e
opinion that it is beneath the dignity of this
body to inquire into the question whether a
man holds his seat on this floor by bribery.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman permit me to ask him a question
before he takes his seat?
Mr. DAWES. Certainly.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. How many
witnesses is it proposed to examine,, and upon
what branch of the subject?
Mr. DAWES. I can only state this : there
were two or three witnesses whose attendance
we made diligent efforts to obtain when  e
were ill Connecticut. On both occasions when
we were in that State—not two or three week*,
but the great space of four days on two diili-r-
ent occasions—those gentlemen were absent
i from the State, and they reappeared there on
I each occasion the next day after wc left. It
' has seemed to the committee desirable that
i these gentlemen should be invited here to the
I capital to give their testimony. I now yield to
1 my colleague, the gentleman from New York,
! [Mr. Chaxlep,.]
