1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
817
instructing the Senators and requesting the
Representatives from that State to use their
influence to secure a repeal or modification of
the tax on cotton and tobacco; which were
referred to the Committee on Finan(%
bills introduced.
Mr. CORBETT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 154) to provide for the issue of gold notes
in place of legal-tender notes, and to facilitate
resumption of specie payments; which was read
twice by its title, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to introduce
a bill (S. No. 155) for the relief of 0. D. Bar-
rett; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
. pardon of counterfeiters.
Mr. CHANDLER submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Unsolved by the Senate of the United States, That thc
Attorney General be instructed to furnish to the Sen-
ate as early as practicable a full list of the names of
all persons pardoned by the President *inee May 1,
1865, who have been convicted of counterfeiting uni-
ted States bonds, greenbacks, national bank currency,
fractional currency, or the coin of the United States,
with the date of issuing each pardon, reason for issu-
ing it, and by whom recommended.
bill referred.
Mr. NYE. If it is in order I move to take
up House'bill No. 143, for the purpose of ref-
erence.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (H.
R. No. 143) to regulate the selection of officers
in the city of Washington, and for other pur-
poses, was read twice by its title.
Mr. NYE. I move its reference to the Com-
mittee oivthe District of Columbia.
Mr. SUMNER. I will inquire if that-bill
was not referred at the latter part of the last,
session. The Journal would show. I have
the impression that it was referred to the com-
mittee and reported back to the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Clerk
informs me that it was not.
The motion of Mr. Nye was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, (at twelve
o'clock m.) The time has arrived when it is
made the dutjT of the Chair to declare that the
first session of the Fortieth Congress stands
adjourned without day.
40th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 52.
