824
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
sion, is mistaken in supposing that toy colleague
or myself (if my own opinion- on the subject is
worth stating) find any fault with the course
which the honorable member has thought proper
to adopt. He stated originally some charges
against my colleague, but he stated them, as
he said, upon rumor; and when, as he now
tells us, he was called upon by the committee!
to place before them whatever assertions he
might make calculated to show that my col-
league was not entitled or was not worthy to
have a seat in this body, he said, and as I think
very properly, that he did not wish to be con-
sidered as an accuser, But when he produced
the paper in question, he did it by stating that
although his former speech dealt in rumor and
feneralities he was then able tc present to the
enate against my colleague a specific charge;
and he founded his right, and what I have no
doubt he considered his duty, to make that
charge upon the report of the Bank of Com-
merce.
Now, the honorable member tells ns that
although my colleague, whose honor has never
been questioned before, whose veracity would
not be doubted by any man who knows him,
tells the Senate that for the first time he be-
came aware of the existence of that report, it
strikes him with surprise, and he expresses his
surprise in such terms as are calculated to make
the Senate believe that he does not credit the
denial of my colleague. I had supposed that
in the absence of any evidence proving that a
Senator upon this floor, or one who claimed to
be a Senator on this floor, was not entitled to
have his word taken for truth, no Senator would
have attempted to impugn that truth unless he
had in his possession evidence to warrant him
in coming to that conclusion.
The honorable member tells us that the only
reason which he has for doubting—for it -is
evident that he does doubt—the assertion of
my colleague that he heard of this report for
the first time when it was produced upon this
floor by the honorable member from Michi-
gan, is, that it was published, as he supposes,
to the numerous stockholders of the Bank of
Commerce and distributed throughout the
country; and secondly, that it appeared, either
in whole or in part, in the Intelligencer of this
city sometime in May, 1862.
If the honorable member had known what
the facts are in relati<fh to my colleague, I am
sure he would not for a moment have suffered
himself to suspect his veracity upon any such
grounds. My_ colleague left the city of Wash-
ington in April, 1861. He retired to his farm
on the eastern shore of Maryland, and there he
remained, subscribing to no paper, as he as-
sures me, except the Baltimore Sun, never
having seen the Intelligencer from that time
during the existence of the war; and he there-
fore had no ground to suspect that anybody,
bank director or bank president, or anybody
else, supposed for a moment that while he was
the incumbent of the Treasury for one month
only he had conspired with the former incum-
bent to destroy the credit of the Government.
That incumbent, whatever he may have done,
left here before my colleague took possession
of the Treasury.
But I wonder also that it had not occurred
to the honorable member from Michigan, if he
accords to my colleague ordinary intelligence,
that he would not have made that denial if
there was to be found upon the records of the
Treasury Department any evidence to justify
the charge. He has laid before us everything
to be found in the Treasury Department touch-
inghis administration of its duties during the
entire period that he was the Secretary of the
Treasury. If these copies are true—and no-
body can doubt that; theyhave.been furnished
by the present Secretary of the" Treasury—if
these documents are true, then they demon-
strate that the charge against him was not only
untrue in point of fact, but that there is every
reason to believe that those by whom it was
uttered knew it to be false.
I move that the statement of my colleague
and the vouchers accempanying it be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
executive messages.
Several executive "messages were received
from the President of the United States, by
Mr. Moore, his Secretary.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore_ laid before
the Senate a message of the President of the
United States, transmitting, in answer to a res-
olution of March 20, correspondence relating
to the exequatur of the consul of the Grand
Duchy of Oldenburg, residing at New York;
which was ordered to lie on the table and be
printed.
executive session.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
■Wednesday, April 3, 1867.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
executive session.
3%- RAMSEY. I move that the Senate
procced to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to ; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
Thursday, April 4, 1807.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray D. D.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
no legislative Journal this morning.
Mr. SUMNER. Surely the Senate met yes-
terday.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There was
no legislative business yesterday to be re-
corded.
Mr. SUMNER. There was a meeting yes-
terday and there was a motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The record
of yesterday's proceedings, what there is of it,
will be read.
The Secretary read the Journal of yester-
day's proceedings, containing the recital of the
fact that on motion of Mr. Ramsey the Sen-
ate proceeded to the consideration of execu-
tive business, and after its consideration ad-
journed.
• petitions and memorials.
Mr. CHANDLER presented resolutions of
the Legislature of Michigan, praying for a
grant of land in aid of the construction of a
railroad to conncct the mining region of the
upper peninsula of that State with the.Straits
of Mackinaw; which were ordered to be
printed, and lie on the table.
army register.
Mr. MORTON. I offer the following reso-
lution:
llctolved, That ton thousand copies of the Army
Register of 18CC be printed for the use of the Senate.
A certain number of copies of the Army
Register, I do not know how many, are printed
for the use of officers of the regular Army by
the Adjutant General. We have thousands of
officers who have been in the volunteer service
who have a very deep interest in the Register,
but who are unable to get it. I think it but
just that the Senate should print at least ten
thousand copies, to enable them to be furnished
to volunteer officers who are not now in the
service.--'
Mr. EDMUNDS. The rules require that
this resolution shall go to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. MORTON. If there is objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It must go there by the
rules, and had better be referred aj once.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will make one remark
in regard to resolutions that by the rule are
required to go to the Committee on Printing.
There have been several cases in which by
unanimous consent the rule has been dispensed
with. I have once or twice stated the fact that
this reference to that committee is required,
not merely by a rule of the Senate, but by a
law of Congress, which of course it is not in the
power of the Senate to dispense with.' The
Committee on Printing would certainly be glad
to be relieved from the duty of considering all
these matters; but I think it my duty to make
the suggestion.
Mr. MORTON. I am willing to let the
resolution go to the Committee on Printing.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution will be referred to the Committee on
Printing under the rules.
chaplain.
Mr. SAULSBURY submitted the following
resolution:
Resolved, Thatthereshall notbe elccted or selected
a Chaplain of the Senate hereafter.
Mr. SUMNER. Let that lie over".
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution will lie over under the rules.
executive session.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business; and after some time spent therein,
the doors were reopened, and the Senate
adjourned.
Friday, April 5, 1867.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
petition.
Mr. COLE. I present the petition of the
Veteran corps of California, praying to be
allowed transportation from the place of their
discharge in New Mexico and Texas back to
their homes in California. These soldiers
served for two or three years under General
Carleton, doing the most arduous service
possible during this time. They were success-
ful in their contests with the various tribes of
Indians; in fact, subdued the Navajoes, and
fought successfully the Apaches and Coman-
clies, and .when they were discharged, two
thousand miles away from home, they were
allowed a mere pittance, a sum altogether
inadequate to carry them back by the usual
conveyances to their homes. They ask to be
allowed, as other soldiers have been who have
been discharged away from home, some com-
pensation to meet the expense which they had
to incur. I move the reference of this petition
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
transportation of army stokes.
Mr. RAMSEY submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consenf, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War bo requested
to transmit to the Senate the bids and papers upou
which the acting Quartermaster General made the
award for the transportation of Army stores on route
No. 1, on the SOth of March last, for the year ending
March 31,1868.
messengers, pages, and laborers.
Mr. FOWLER. I offer the following reso-
lution, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the Sergcant-at-Arms bo author-
ized and directed to retain the number of messen-
gers, pages, and laborers now employed during the
recess of Congress.
_ Mr. SHERMAN. I move that that resolu-
tion be referred to the Committee to Audit
and Control the Contingent Expenses of the
Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
so referred, no objection being made.
louis v. bogy.
Mr. ROSS submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to :
Unsolved, That the Secretary of tho Interior be
requested to inform tho Senate whether Louis V.
