1867.
THK CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Bogy, late Commissioner of Indian Affairs, is now
in the employ of the Department of the Interior; if
so, in what capacity, what are his duties, and what
is his compensation, and when was he appointed,
and by whom, and what instructions, if* any, have
been issued to him, and by whom, and when ?
proposed expulsion op mb. saulsbury.
Mr. SUMNER. I send a resolution to the
Chair, and shall ask action upon it to-morrow.
The Secretary read the resolution, as fol-
lows :
Resolved, That Mr. Sattlsbttry, a Senator of Dela-
ware,having appeared repeatedly on the floorof the
Senate whilein acondition of intoxication, is hereby
expelled from the Senate.
executive session.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business; and after some time spent therein
the doors w^re reopened, and the Senate
adjourned.
^ Saturday, April 6, 1867.
Prayer by Rev. B. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
agricultural report.
Mr. ANTHONY. I offer the following res-
olution^ which comes from the Committee on
Printing and meets their approbation :
Jiesolved, That of the additional copies of the last
report of the Commissioner of Agriculture hereto-
fore ordered to be printed for the use of the Senate,
one thousand be assigned to the Commissioner.
I ask for the present consideration of the
resolution.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Commissioner of
Agriculture has been very desirous to have a
larger number of his report, but the Commit-
tee on Printing have not felt disposed to
recommend the printing of any additional
number, and this resolution takes from the
Senators one thousand copies and assigns
them to the Commissioner. It does not in-
crease the number printed, but diminishes the
number distributed to Senators.
Mr. WILLIAMS. They have been divided,
and some of them sent off'.
Mr. ANTHONY. No ; this is the last re-
port, not yet printed.
The resolution was adopted.
papers withdrawn.
On motion by Mr. WILLEY, it was
Ordered, That James H. Merrill, late a captain in
tho so-called naval brigade, have leave to withdraw
his petition praying for compensation for his ser-
vices and accompanying papers.
assessor frazier, of philadelphia.
Mr. CHANDLER. Tho Senate has been
very liberal recently in confirming nominees,
and some of them are expressing their grati-
tude. I will ask that the following communi-
cation, which is very complimentary to the
Senate, be read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
read if there is no objection.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Who writes it?
Mr. CHANDLER. It is a speech by a gen-
tleman who has been highly honored by the
Senate.
The Secretary read as follows :
" Complimentary Serenade to AssessorFrazier.
—Last evening Assessor Frazier, of the first district,
was tendered a grand complimentary serenade, got-
ten up by the assistant assessors, clerlss, and others
attached to his office. The affair came olf at Mr.
Frazier's residence, No. 929 South Fourth street.
The services of the Jefferson Cornet Band were se-
cured, and after the performance of a number of
popular air§ Mr. Frazier, in response to the cries
of the gathered assemblage, made his appearance in
front, and addressed his friends as follows:"
* x * * * * *
"And now, gentlemen, a word as to the political
course I intend to pursue. Anumber of my Radical
friends have kindly invited me back to the fold from
which, eighteen months ago, they so summarily ex-
pelled me. They argue, 'You are beyond the power
of removal by the President; a radical Senate having
plaeedyou in that position, your appointmentsshould
be Radicals.' It is because tho last Congress screwed
tho brakes so tightly upon tho Executive that I am
more than ever determined to stand true to Andrew
Johnson. I do not consider myself under any very
great obligations to the Senate of the United States
further th an to do my duty as an officer. No man was
removed by the President to give place to me. A
vacancy existed, caused by the death of my lamented
predecessor, Mr. Webb. I was selected to fill this
vacancy; and it was because Senators Fessenden,
Sprastje. and Sherman determined to maintain the
dignity of the Senate that these gentlemen insisted
upon and secured my confirmation. Politically I am
still aeonservative. I believe in Johnson, Grant, Far-
ragut,Sherman, and the Supreme Court, and the con-
servative and humane principles they maintain, in
contradistinction to the fearful principles of Sumner,
Stevens, Butler, and company., I believe in civil
law and liberty rather than in military despotism.
I am opposed to the centralization of power as advo-
cated by Stevens and company, and am for themain-
tenanee of the rights of all the people in all the States
under this Government; therefore, gentlemen, I am
against the Radical element thatis trampling the Con-
stitution of the United States under foot, obliterating
State after State, demoralizing trade and finance, and
am for constitutional law and civil liberty, with all
their benign influences and substantial blessings."
executive session.
Mr. SHERMAN. If there is no further
legislative business, I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to ; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
Monday, April 8, 1867.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of Saturday was read and ap-
proved.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report of the Secretary of the
Interior, communicating, in compliance with
a resolution of the Senate of the 5th instant,
information in relation to the employment of
Louis Y. Bogy in the Department of the In-
terior ; which was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
proposed adjournment.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I offer the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That the President of the Senate at five
o'clock p. m. on Wednesday, the 10th instant, ad-
journ the present session sine die.
Mr. SUMNER. I object to the considera-
tion of that now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It lies
over under the rule.
committee on printing.
• Mr. ANTHONY. There is a vacancy on
the Committee on Printing caused by the death
of Mr. Rtddt.e. I move that the vacancy be
filled by the Chair.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Johnson to fill the vacancy.
hour of meeting.
On motion of Mr. CONNESS, it was
Ordered,, That when the Senate adjourn to-day it
be to meet to-moKOW at eleven o'clock a. m.
property at iiarpeh's terry.
Mr. WILLEY submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
conscnt, and agreed to:.
Resolved, That the Secretary of War bo requested
to communicate to the Senate copies of all deeds,
conveyances, and other evidences of title by which
the United States have claim to any lands, tene-
ments, water privileges, or other property at or near
Harper's Ferry, in the Stateof West Virginia; what
parts thereof, if any, have been sold or transferred,
and the purposes of such sale or transfer; and
whether there be any reason why the part or parts
of said lands, tenements, water privileges, or other
property remaining unsold and undisposed of shall
not now be sold.
executive session.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was agreed to ; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
Tuesday, April 9, 1867.
The Senate met at eleven o'clock a. m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
volunteer officers.
jtfr. TRTJMBULL submitted the following
resolution; which was ^considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to furnish the Senate a list of the names of volun-
teer officers now in the service of the Government,
their rank and the particular duties to which they
are assigned; also that he inform the Senate under
what law such volunteer officers are retained in the
service, and whether their sorviccs, or that of some
of them, may not be dispensed with without detri-
ment to the public interests.
calls for information.
Mr. ANTHONY. I offer the following res-
olution :
Resolved, That the following be added to the stand-
ing rules of tho Senate:
All resolutions calling upon the President or upon
any of the Executive Departments for information
shall be referred to one of the standing committees
of the Senate, which shall report to the Senate an
estimate of the probable expense of furnishing the
information callod for; and this report shall be made
without delay.
I should like to have the resolution referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and hope
tho committee will have time to attend to it.
We are constantly calling upon the Executive
Departments for information, and frequently
without a very accurate knowledge of the value
of the information, and with none at all of the
great cost of furnishing it. Frequently the
Executive Departments are obliged to employ
a number of clerks for weeks to answer calls
for information, which would not have been
made if the Senate or the person offering the
resolution had known the cost. I prefer that
the resolution, should be referred to a commit-
tee, as it proposes to alter the rules of the
Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
the resolution,£>ut I think it had better go to
the Committee, on Printing, who are more
familiar with these matters of information.
All the communications which come from the
Departments, or nearly all of them, are pub-
lished under the jurisdiction of the Committee
on Printing, and it seems to me they would
have a better knowledge of the character of
these resolutions than the Judiciary Commit-
tee would. We never have before us any of
the replies to these resolutions or any informa-
tion on the subject, except as to those fehat par-
ticularly relate to business before that commit-
tee, while the Committee on Printing usually
has referred to it all those communications, and
understands the subjects much better. I think
it had better go to that committee.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have no objection to
that reference; but this is the rule itself which
I propose to have referred to the Judiciary
Committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The propriety of changing
the rule will depend on facts much better known
to the Committee on Printing than to us.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have no objection to
that reference, only I thought the Committee
on the Judiciary the proper place for business
of this sort 
Mr. TRUMBULL. That no other commit-
tee would have. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution will be referred to the Committee on
Printing, if there be no objection.
governor of colorado.
Mr. THAYER. It will be recollected that
at the last session of tha Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress, the Senator from Ohio, now in the
Chair, offered a resolution making inquiry of
the President in regard to the absence of Alex-
ander Cummings, Governor of the Territory
of Colorado; as to how long he -had been
absent since his appointment, &c. The reso-
lution was modified so as to embrace territorial
officers generally. I desire now to make the
inquiry: has any response to that resolution
ever been received from tho President ?
