826
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No response
has ever been received.
Mr. THAYER. Then, sir, I desire to offer
the following resolution:
Resolved, That the President be requested to inform
the Senate when Alexander Cummings was appointed
Governor of Colorado Territory; how much of the
time the said Cummings has been absent from the
Territory since his appointment, and whether by
permission or not, and how much of said time ab-
sent with permission, and how much without per-
mission, and whether on public duties or not, and
Whether his salary has been paid to him during his
absence or not, and how much has been paid to him
os salary for the time he has been absent from the
Territory.
My reason for offering the resolution is that
I have been informed by those who have the
means of knowing, for I have no personal
knowledge, that Mr. Cummings was appointed
Governor of Colorado Territory a year ago last
September, that he has been absent from the
Territory about eight months of that time and
is still absent. He has been here in the city
of Washington some four months, I understand.
Knowing the extent to which this evil of the
absence of territorial officers from their posts
has been carried, I regard it as my duty to
bring this case to the notice of the Senate. I
have known judges of Territories to live in the
States year after year, going out now and then
on a pleasure trip to the Territories, holding
court t&ere, and then returning to their resi-
dence in the States again. Here we have a
territorial Governor absent nearly half the time
he has held the office. I repeat this evil has been
carried to such an extent that the interposition
of Congress is required to stop it.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I should like this reso-
lution to go over until the morning in order
that I may accompany its passage with some
explanations. I have no objection to the pas-
sage of the resolution ; but 1 should be sorry
to have it passed, and the Senate adjourn on
the ex paHe statement made by the Senator
introducing it. There are explanations to be
given for the absence of thisjeffieer, at least
so far as the late session of Congress is con-
cerned, connected with public duties at the
city of Washington, and as a witness before a
committee of Congress. I ask that the reso-
lution go over until to-morrow, and then I
shall offer no objection to it further than to
make an explanation.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made to the present consideration of the
resolution it will go over until to-morrow.
® army register.
Mr. ANTHONY. I offer the following res-
olution, and ask its reference to the Committee
on Printing:
Resolved, That two thousand copies of the next
Army Register be printed ior the use of the Senate.
Mr. MORTON. I move to amend that by
striking out " two" and inserting "ten.''
Mr. ANTHONY. The resolution will go
to the Committee on Printing first and be re-
ported doubtless to-morrow, and then the Sen-
ator's amendment will be in order.
Mr. MORTON. Very well.
The resolution was referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing.
executive session*.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was agreed to ; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
Wednesday, April 10, 1807.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. I).
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
washington savin'gs bank.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter of the president of the
Washington City Savings Bank, communicat-
ing the annual statement of that bank for the
year ending April 1," 1867, in conformity to
law; which was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
prisoners op war in mexico.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to the Senate, if in his
opinion not incompatible with the public interest, a
copy of any recent correspondence which may have
taken place upon the subject of prisoners of war
taken by belligerents in the Mexican republic. •
final adjournment.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the resolution
I offered the other day in reference to the
adjournment.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolution
submitted by Mr. Williams on the 8th instant:
Resolved, That the President of the Senate, at five
o'clockp.m. on Wednesday, the 10thinstant, adjourn
the present session sine die.
Mr. SUMNER. That is to-day. I think we
are not prepared to adopt that. Anxious as
Senators may be to go home, I should think
that they all must see that there is unfinished
business which I can only allude to now, and
cannot describe Ihe character of.
Mr. WILLIAMS, I am not very particular
as to the time, but I think we ought to desig-
nate some time when we propose to adjourn.
Senators are dropping off one by one, aud in a
day or two there will not be a quorum present;
but if we fix upon some time for an adjourn-
ment, and it is understood that we will adjourn
at that time, the probabilities are that Senators
generally will remain until that time arrives.
If, however, we propose to wait here until all
business that may be introduced to the Senate
shall be transacted we may be here all sum-
mer. I desire if this resolution in its present
form is not acceptable to the Senate to have it
amended and some time designated when this
session is to close. I think that is desirable for
all concerned, both for the President and for
the Senate.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. It seems to me
that the time for an adjournment can probably
be fixed much safer and better at a later period
of the day. We can probably determine to-day
whether it will be in our power to adjourn to-
morrow or not; but we cannot at this early
period of the day. I would, therefore, suggest
to the Senator from Oregon that we postpone
the resolution for the present, and that we take
it up at a later period of the day.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am not very particular
about it. Let the resolution lie over until a
later part of the day if that is the desire of the
Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution will lie over informally, if no objection
be made.
army register.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, reported back the Allowing resolu-
tion : ™
Resolved, That two thousand copies of the next
Army Register be printed for the use of the Senate.
The Senate, by unanimous consent, pro-
ceeded to consider thfe resolution.
Mr. MORTON. I move to amend the res-
olution by striking out "two" and inserting
"ten." I will state as a reason for this amend-
ment that the volunteer officers who were in
the Army during the rebellion have a great
interest in the Register. A large number of
their associate officers have gone into the reg-
ular Army, and for reasons which are readily
understood by the Senate they feel a deep in-
terest in it. The War Department prints just
enough for the use of the officers of the regu-
lar Army to furnish a copy to each officer of
the regular Army in the service, but does not
print enough to supply officers who served dur-
ing the war and are now civilians. I think
ten thousand for the use of the Senate a very
proper number; it will enable us to furnish
information that will be gladly received by the
people.
"Mr. COLE; I move to amend the amend-
ment by making the number five thousand.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first
question will be on the greatest number.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator from Indi-
ana introduced a resolution a few days ago to
print some additional copies of the Register of
1866, which is just out. That Register having
been delayed and the Department being abput
to prepare a new Register which will probably
be ready_ in a a month or two, I thought upon
consultation with the Senator, that if any extra
copies were to be printed, they had better be
printed of the new Register rather than of the
old one. They follow close upon each other.
The committee have not been in the habit of
reporting so large a number, being very anx-
ious to keep the cost of that branch of the ser-
vice as low as possible. We have sometimes
printed three thousand, but we thought as the
war was over two thousand was as many as we
could recommend. Unless there be some spe-
cial reason to the contrary, I hope the Senate
will sustain the action of the committee.
Mr. CONKLING. How much do they cost?
Mr. ANTHONY. Two thousand copies will
cost about five hundred aud fifty dollar^ about
twenty-five cents apiece.
Mr. COLE. I will ask the Senator if this is
for the printing of a new Register to be issued
hereafter ?
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes, sir; this is a new
one. The old one has been delayed.
Mr. COLE. One has just been j^ublished,
but I understand this is to be an amended one.
Mr. ANTHONY'. Yes; an amended one,
to contain all the changes and appointments
made this session. The one just published was
for 1860; this is forl8G7. During the war the
Army Register was not published because
the Department was unwilling that the enemy
should gain any information with regard to the
character of the commanders opposed to them.
The West Point officers were so well acquainted
with each other that a rebel officer, -by know-
ing the man who was opposed to him, would
probably gain some advantage from his knowl-
edge of the character of his mind and the
tactics he would be likely to pursue. In con-
sequence of that delay there has been great
irregularity in the publication of the Register
up to this time. The one for 1866, which ought
to have been printed on the 1st of January,
has just appeared. This resolution is to print
additional numbers of the Register for 1867,
which will of course be much more perfect
than the one of 1860.
Mr. MORTON. It is well known that there
are a large number of documents published
that are of very little value, that are almost
so much waste paper ; but this document will
be anxiously sought for by those who have
been in the Army, a,nd the information it con-
tains is of a character that can scarcely be
obtained from any other source. I think the
amount of money to be expended in printing
ten thousand copies would be a mere tr'rfle
compared with the importance of the docu-
ment and the interest the people generally
have ih it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is first on the largest number proposed,
namely, the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana, to strike out two thousand and insert
ten thousand.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The next
question is on the amendment of the Senator
from California, to strike out two thousand
and insert five thousand.
The amendment was rejected. .
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now recurs on the resolution as reported
by the Committee on Printing.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to
amend the resolution by striking out "two"
