828
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I now renew ray motion
for an executive session.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in the consideration of executive
business the doors were reopened.
FINAL ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. "WILLIAMS. I move to take up tlie
resolution providing for an adjournment that
I offered on Monday last.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the President of the Senate at five
o'clock p. m. on Wednesday, the 10th instant, adjourn
the present session sine die.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will modify the resolu-
tion by striking out " Wednesday, the 10th
instant," and inserting "Saturday, the 13th
instant.''
Mr. HOWE. Let me suggest Monday in-
stead of Saturday.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think it is advisable for
the Senate to convey some intimation to the
President that we do not intend to remain here
all summer. lie sends in little driblets of
nominations here, half a dozen a day, and we
are all the time told that there are a great num-
ber of offices in the country vacant, and that the
interests of the country are_ greatly in danger
if we do not remain in session. If the Presi-
dent understands that we propose to adjourn
at any given time, it seems to me that he will
expedite the transaction of this business. I do
not see any reason why wo may not adjourn
Saturday or Monday, and be as ready to adjourn
then as we shall be at any future time. I do
not suppose we can stay here until we are per-
fectly agreed with the 1'resident about every
nomination, unless we agree to confirm such
nominations as ho may send without question.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator will allow
me, I will suggest to him that the passage of
this resolution now will not determine the time
when we go from here or facilitate our going.
Suppose we pass a resolution now, this being
the only House in session, that we shall ad-
journ on Monday. If, on Monday, it is not
found convenient or advisable to adjourn, the
resolution will be rescinded, if it is too late to
reconsider it. Therefore, I submit to the Sen-
ator that there is nothing to be gained at all if
ve express our opinion now. if a resolution
were moved instructing the Secretary (if that
is the jftoper mode) to make some communi-
cation to the President which would be likely
to hasten forward the noniinaiicSs, the reason
for holding back which I do not at all under-
stand, that might bo of some service; but to
say that our present feeling now is to adjourn
Oil Monday is to pass a resolution certain to
be rescinded, unless it turns out at that time to
be so that we can then adjourn. In that event
it does no good.
Mr. ANTHONY. The passage of the reso-
lution is notice to the President.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not think so.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not entirely agree
with the honorable Senator from New York,
that the passage of the resolution will have no
effect, if the Senate agree now to adjourn at
a given time, the pr(%a.bilities are that they
will adhere to that decision; and moreover,
Senators will be inclined to stay. If the pros-
pect is that an adjournment will be had at no
very remote time, Senators will be very likely
to remain; but now there is but little more
than a quorum here, and others, as I under-
stand, are intending to go in the course of this
^veek ; they have made their arrangements to
go : and I presume that next week there will
hardly be a quorum present for the transac-
tion of business. The argument that the Sen-
ator uses against the adoption of this resolution
is an argument against any resolution, and so
we would remain in continuous session.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator will allow
me, my proposition would be, whenever the
time comes that we can adjourn, that we then
pass a resolution and adjourn. The time that
we spend beforehand in prophesying when we
can adjourn is very likely to be lost.
Mr. WILLIAMS. ^ I think we can say now
when wo ought to adjourn without much diffi-
culty.
Mr. HOWE. It seems to me that now,
while we have a quorum of the Senate present,
we should authorize the President of the Sen-
ate to adjourn the body without day at some
time. I understand that when we have less
than a quorum we can adjourn only from day
to day. To agree upon an adjournment, then,
without day we want a quorum. I think we
are not going to have a quorum here many
days more, and unless we agree now to au-
thorize the President of the Senate to adjourn
the Senate, we may find ourselves without the
ability to adjourn without day; and if we now
agree upon a day of adjournment the Pres-
ident of the United States will understand it
and will act in reference to it. If there is any
business which he desires the Senate to trans-
act he will send it to us. If there is none, of
course there is no occasion for us to stay
longer. But it does not follow that we shall
be able to rescind this agreement to adjourn
on Saturday or on Monday, or on any subse-
quent day, because it does not follow that we
shall have a quorum here to do it, and I have
no sort of belief we shall have; and I want to
agree upon this adjournment while we are able
to agree; that is, while we have a body here
which can agree. I should prefer to see Mon-
day fixed.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am indifferent about
that.
Mr. FESSBNDEN. Less than a quorum
may adjourn.
Mr. HOWE. Only from day to day.
Mr. STEWART. I suggest Monday at four
o'clock, and then let us stand by it. The Pres-
ident, the papers say, is not well now. To
adjourn on Saturday, the day after to-morrow,
would be giving very short notice ; but by giv-
ing us a working day on Monday until four
o'clock I believe we shall be certain to adjourn
at that time.
Mr. HOWE. Senators would not want to
leave on Saturday evening any way.
Mr. STEWART. I move to amend the res-
olution by inserting "Monday, the 15th instant,
at four o'clock/'
Mr. RAMSEY. For the information of the
Senate I wili state that I was informed this
morning at the Geneial Post Office there were
about Htty or sixty post office nominations yet
to be acted upon by the Senate. All of these,
they said, were before the President, upon his
table, but not sent in. Twenty-eight or thirty
came down this morning. We reject about
thirty per cent, of all that come in, and the
Senate can tell how long it will take to dispose
of all of them. There must be about thirty of
those nominations on the President's table.
They have all gone up from the Post Office
Department to the President.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Nevada.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to make one
suggestion to the Senate about that. What
predicament shall we be in if we vote to ad-
journ on Monday at four'o'clock and we come
here and have forty or fifty or a less number
of nominations sent for post offices, custom-
house officers, &c., and we then reject them
and go off without leaving the President time
to fill those vacancies? We shall have put our-
selves 
Mr. FERRY. Will they not be cases of
removals ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir. Ther^ are
some forty or fifty post offices not filled. So
the chairman of the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads tells us. We know there is a
considerable number of collectors and assess-
ors offices not filled, and there are some very
important custom-house offices that are not
filled, to say nothing of others of which I know
nothing. Now, then, if they come in here on
Monday and we choose to reject them aiid ad-
journ, we leave the business of the country not
done. Now, who knows—we cannot tell, with
the idea that Senators have with regard to the
Post Office Department, the Treasury Depart-
ment, &c.—what kind of nominations maybe
sent in here ? They may be just such proba-
bly as we may feel compelled to reject. I do,
not see how we can fix a day until the business
is so closed up that it cannot be said that we
have left the business of the country un
finished.
Mr. JOHNSON. Suppose there is no
quoruftt.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well, sir, if there is
no quorum, the responsibility will be on the
individuals who go and- leave us without a
quorum, and not on the vote of the Senate or
those who are here. My opinion is that you
cannot fix a day to adjourn until you have so
far disposed of the executive business of the
Senate that the country can be left in that con-
dition. If we do, the responsibility is on us,
and on us on this side of the Chamber. By
"this side of the Chamber" I mean those who
are in the majority, not the minority. We have
the power to stay here and do the business.
Mr. COLE. I will suggest to the Senator
that the President has the power to call us to-
gether again should he deem it necessary.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He can do that if he
pleases, undoubtedly. v,
Mr. JOHNSON. We can have the nomina-
tions in by Saturday.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But suppose we reject
them ? Suppose they come in and are not of
a kind to suit us ? Who knows what may be
senfr in? If the day of adjournment is fixed,
we may be placed in that very predicament
precisely, with the opinion which some gentle-
men here seem to entertain of the officers of
the Government. They might send in here
purposely such names that we might either be
compelled to reject them or to take those that
were very unsatisfactory to us, or else take
that responsibility upon ourselves. I do not
think it would be so, I confess; but still, on
the principle on which gentlemen go, that pre-
dicament might be the one in which we might
be placed. I cannot consent to go off and
leave the business of the country in such a
state as it will be by not having this large num-
ber of offices filled before we go. Therefore I
am opposed to fixing the day of adjournment
until we have got in such a condition that we
can go safely to ourselves.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am perfectly ready
to take any responsibility that properly belongs
to us. These offices were all filled, and all
filled acceptably to the people of the nation,
and I do not believe myself that Andrew John-
son could unfill them without the consent of
the Senate before we passed that law; but by
usage he did it.
Mr. HOWE. Some of them he could by
express enactment.
Mr. CHANDLER. But the majority of
them were removals. He knows precisely
how to have those offices all filled, and filled
to-morrow—by sending in men who elected
him.
Now, sir, I am neither disposed to remain
here an unlimited time nor am I disposed to
be driven into a corner and confirm men who
are objectionable to us. If he sees fit to send
in the right kind of men, he knows we will con-
firm them, and if he sends in the wrong men
he knows we will not confirm them. Sir, if we
cannot run this Government with Andrew
Johnson in the way, we know how to run it.
If he is the obstacle that stands directly in our
road so that we cannot run the Government,
we shall find out between now and July how
to run it. I am not to be driven into a corner
and compelled to confirm men who are utterly
objectionable to mo and to every member of
this body, because, forsooth, the responsibility
is to rest upon me of leaving offices unfilled.
I am disposed to go home, and I will vote for
the earliest day that is named for an adjourn-
ment. If he sees fit to send in men whom we
will not confirm let him send them in; and if
