1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
829
we cannot run the Government, and offices are
to remain unfilled, and we cannot collect the
revenue, we will find a way to run the Govern-
ment between now and July, and he will find
a way, too, to get out of the way by that time.
I hope, sir, we shall fix the time of adjourn-
ment, and fix the earliest time. I am not dis-
posed to be driven into confirming copper-
heads and rebels because, forsooth, offices are
to remain unfilled. I would vote to adjourn
on Saturday; I would rather vote to adjourn
to-day than any other day; but I will vote for
the very earliest day named.
Mr. FESSENDBN. The President of the
United States is a part of the Government just
as much as the Senate of the United States or
the House of Representatives, and he mayjust
as well -say, if the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives stand in his way, he will find a
way-to run the Government without them as
we can say with any propriety that we will
find a way to run the Government without him.
It is as just to be said on the one side as it is
on the other.
Now, sir, the President will not commit any
impeachable offense by nominating officers.
If he omits to nominate any at all that would
be an offense, because to nominate is his duty ;
but so long as he continues to nominate, and
we are here, he has not committed any offense
against the Constitution nor against the law;
and I hold that so long as he is President of
the United States, whether satisfactorily or
not to us, he has a perfect right legally and
constitutionally to designate to the Senate
those whom he prefers for office. We have a
right to reject them, to be sure; there is no
doubt about that; but we do not arrive at a
conclusion. He has just as good a right to
turn around and say to us, " The Senate knows
how to have these offices filled, because all
they have got te do is to confirm my nomina-
tions," as we have a right to say to him, " The
President knows how to have these offices
filled, for all he has to do is to send in such
men as we like." That is not on either side
a mode of talking that will bring us to any sat-
isfactory conclusion. We cannot wink out of
sight that the President, as President of the
United States, has his rights, and one of them
is to nominate officers, and so long as he keeps
nominating them to us he has performed noth-
ing but what he has a constitutional right to
perform. It is not for us sajr "All he has to
do is to suit us." He has a right to suit him-
self about it; and this kind of argument
amounts to just nothing at all.
The question is, what our duty is; not what
his duty is, but what our duty is; and it is no
part of our right to dictate to the President of
the United States whom he shall send here as
officers. It is our right to say whether we
like them or not, and to reject them after he
does send them ; and there is the end of it, in
toy judgment. Therefore, sir, however we may
feel, whether satisfactory or unsatisfactory to
us, we, cannot wink those facts out of sight,
and the question then comes, what is our duty?
I hold that we cannot discharge it without stay-
ing here until these offices are filled in some
way or other ; or until it becomes so perfectly
manifest that it cannot be done that we may
take the responsibility of going home. I do
not believe that the Republican party can an-
swer to their constituency by saying that they
were so anxious to get home that they would
not stay to see the offices filled because men
were not sent in that suited them. The an-
swer will be, " Why did you not stay until you
found somebody that did suit you?" The Pres-
ident keeps trying ostensibly, because he keeps
sending in names ; as fast as we reject one he
sends in somebody else. It is not enough for
us, in my judgment, to say we do not like the
men he sends except so far as acting on those
individual men are concerned. I do not feel
that I am discharging my duty (an4M am as
anxious to get home as anybody) in going off
and leaving so large a number of offices, whose
duty it is to collect the revenue, unfilled; and
I cannot answer my people at home by saying
the President did not send such men as suited
me, when they will turn around and say to
me, " Why did you not stay until ho did?"
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Wis-
consin suggested a moment ago that it was
important to pass a resolution to adjourn with-
out day while there was yet a quorum here,
which at a future day there might not be, and
he suggested that less than a quorum would not
have the power to pass the resolution. That
struck me with great force at the moment
because I thought his recollection must be right
of the provision of the Constitution. I have
been looking at it since, and do not see how
that follows at all. In the absence of a prohi-
bition, beyond all question less than a quorum
has a right to adjourn, because, speaking in a
legislative or parliamentary or organic sense,
it is the meanest and basest of all the rights of
an organized body. There must therefore be a,
prohibition, or else less than a quorum would
have that right. The provision of the Consti-
tution referred to, which is sections four and
five of article one, relates entirely, as I under-
stand it, to sessions of Congress, to joint meet-
ings of the two Houses:
"The Congress shall assemble at least once in every
year, and such meeting shall be on tlio first Monday
in December, unless they by law appoint a different
day."
"Each House shall be the judge of the elections,
returns, and qualifications of its own members, and
a majority of each shall constitute a quorum to do
business; but a smaller number may adjourn from
day to day, and may be authorized to compel the at-
tendance of absent members, in such manner and
under such penalties as each House may provide."
Now, I submit that that is an inhibition re-
lating, in the first place, to the sessions of Con-
gress contemplated by the Constitution, and,
in the second place, restricted to joint sessions
of the two Houses composing the Congress of
the United States. This is an extra session
of a single House, a legislative council con-
vened for the purpose of advising upon nomi-
nations and the confirmation of treaties. I
see no reason at all, as I read the Constitu-
tion, why less than a quorum cannot adjourn
without day; nor do 1 see, as I said before,
anything that we are likely to gain by attempt-
ing now to fix a time when we will adjourn.
I think it would be better if some Senator
would move a resolution that the Secretary be
instructed to acquaint the President with what
he may not know, and that is that we are very
much in advance of him in business here, that
we wait and lag from day to day for the lack
of nominations to places, some of which, I
understand, have been vacant for months. I
can name some myself which have been va-
cant nearly a year, and there they stand; no
nominations come here. Certainly it is not
the fault of the Senate.
Now, I beg to say for one that I am-ready
to stay here (in spite of my own convenience
to the contrary) as long as may be necessary
to induce the President, or to compel the
President, if that is a truer word, to have some
regard to the public interest and the public
sentiment in the nominations which he sends
here. I would be glad that ho would send in
men whom we could confirm to begin with;
but if he will not, for one I shall feel cheerful
in staying as long as may be necessary to re-
ject and reject again men personally or polit-
ically improper until we can have some defer-
ence paid to the sentiment of that party which
elected this Administration, and which ought
to have something to do with the regulation of
public affairs and the administration of the
public service. «
Mr. HOWE. I am not sure tliat I was en-
tirely right in my understanding of the Consti-
tution, and yet 1 am not satisfied with the crit-
icism made by the Senator from New York.
The power to adjourn from day to day ma^ be,
as the Senator has characterized it, one of the
lowest powers to be exercised by a legislative
body; but the power to put an end to the ses-
sion of the body seems to me, instead of being
one of the lowest, to be one of the highest
powers to be exercised by the body. That is
the power that we are considering now, whether
that can be exercised by less than a quorum.
If it can be, then whenever you are left here
accidentally without a quorum in this executive
session of the Senate, that minority of the Sen-
ate can put an end to the session, can adjourn
it finally. I do not think the framers of the
Constitution intended that. I think it would
be a dangerous interpretation to put upon the
Constitution; and I do not think it is warranted
by the language of the article itself;
"Each House"—
not when Congress is here. This is not pro-
scribing the powers of Congress: this is pre-
scribing the powers that each House may
exercise—
"Each Ilouse shall be the judge of the elections,
returns, and qualifications of its own members, and
a majority of each shall constitute a quorum to do
business."
But a smaller number than a majority may
do two things: one is to adjourn from one day
to another; the other is to send for absent
members.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator seems to
suppose that the expression "each House"
refers not only to each Ilouse in severalty, but
to each House without reference to the fact
of the existence of the other House. I beg to
ask him whether there is any contingency known
in our system in which the House of Repre-
sentatives alone can bo in session, the House
of Representatives without the Senate? If
there is none, then I ask him whether that
does not show that the object and meaning of
the language cannot be what he now suggests?
Mr. HO WE. I think there are a great
variety of contingencies in which the House
of Representatives can be in session without
the Senate, and I think the House of Repre-
sentatives frequently is in session without the
Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. For a session?
Mr. HOWE. Not for a session.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not mean a single
day, but I mean a separate session, a session
by itself, like this.
Mr. HOWE. I know of no contingency in
which a session of the House can be called
without a session of the Senate ; but 1 do not
think that controls this language of the Con-
stitution. s
Mr. CONKLING. It tests it, however.
Mr. HOWE. I am not able to see how it
tests it
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
Wisconsin will allow me, I think it would be
perfectly competent for the House, with the
consent of the Senate, to remain in session all
summer for the purpose of impeaching or any-
thing else.
Mr. CONKLING. Nobody doubts that;
but I am talking about a new and separate
session of the House without one of the Sen-
ate. If there be no such thing, then I submit
it shows that this language was not used with
a view to a session of one House without a
session of the other House at all during the
same session.
Mr. HOWE. It is not a very remarkable
thing for gentlemen to differ about the con-
struction of the Constitution or a statute, and
I do not care to spend any more time upon the
discussion of this point.* My own views re-
main as they were at first.
I wish to make one or two remarks upon the
question whether we may agree upon a time
to adjourn now safely or not. I agree with the
Senator from Maine that the President is a part
of the Government of the United States. I
have not any doubt about that: and 1 do not
believe that we are any more than a part of
the Government of the United States. I do
not believe that summarily we can dismiss the
President as we are now circumstanced, or
that he can summarily dismiss us. 1 agree
with the Senator from Maine that we have no
constitutional power to nominate a candidate
for one of these offices. I agree that the Con-
stitution reposes that trust in the President;
but the Constitution does require the assent of
the Senate to the appointment of every one of
