1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
885
in point of territory, nearly four hundred -thou-
sand square miles of territory. That was one
of the subjects.
Mr. HOWE. There is no difference of
opinion between my friend and myself that
there has been important business for us to
attend to. The Senate agreed to that. The
Senate answered the President's proclamation
convening us. But suppose the Senate should
come to the conclusion next week or month
that there was no longer any important busi-
ness requiring their staying here, and the
President should still think we had not done
our business, and would order us, as this
paper suggests, still to stay, and we should
choose to leave, what would the President
do? The Senator thinks he has power to do it.
Mr. DIXON. That order will be precisely
like the order for the other session in its legal
character and effect. We could treat it just as
we did that, or in any other way. He has
just as good a right to issue such a proclama-
tion now as then. It is for his discretion to
say whether weighty matters do require our
attention. If he thinks so, I suppose he has
a right to issue a proclamation to that effect.
At any rate, other Presidents have done so,
and I do not believe the Senator will suggest
an impeachment on that ground.
Mr. HOWE. Not at all, on his issuing a
proclamation ; but it is the effect of the proc-
lamation. The Senator will comprehend my
difficulty. The question is whether I may go
home if the Senate vote that I may. That is
the point. -
Mr. DIXON. If the President sees fit to
issue a proclamation inviting our attendance,
and the Senator goes home, he will go on his
own responsibility, and not ask me whether
he has a right to do so. He must judge for
himself in regard to that. I know what I
should do. If' I were, as at present, in a
good state of health, I should come here.
If I did not come here, 1 should ask the Sen-
ate to excuse me. I should not go to the
President for an excuse, but to the Senate.
If the Senator wishes togo home and practice
law in Wisconsin—I have no doubt there are
many clients waiting his attention—or to at-
tend to important business, or if he wishes
togo on an excursion to the West, 1 should
respectfully recommend him to ask the con-
sent of the Senate m such an event.
But, sir, we refuse to confirm nominations,
and then we complain of the President, and
say we must go home by a certain day. The
truth of it is just here in a nutshell: the Presi-
dent has a right to nominate whom he pleases;
he is not bound to render any reason for his
nominations. We have a right to reject whom
we please; and as long as we take it upon our-
selves to reject nominations which are sent
here by the President of the United States,
our bounden duty is to stay and receive other
nominations. We know when we reject a
nomination that the President is bound to send
•li another name for that officc. Wo are bound
to stay and .act upon it. In my judgment, if
we keep on refusing to confirm nominations,
as we have done, we ought to stay here all
summer to receive others, and not complain
of the President.
Mr. ANTHONY. I suppose I am respon-
sible for bringing on this debate, as T called
up this resolution. I have no doubt if we re-
main here longer than the time indicated for
the adjournment in this resolution, as amended,
we shall break up for want of a quorum, and
then it will be impossible for us to transact the
business which we can transact if we fix a day
and notify the President, so that ho may send
in nominations. But so many Senators prefer
the former course that I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness. ["Oh, no."]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first
question will be upon that motion.
Mr. SUMNER and Mr. MORTON called
for the yeas and nays: and they were ordered.
Mr. EERRY. It does seem to me that the
decision of this question, after all, is but a mat-
ter of plain practical common sense. We
know substantially what we are here for, what
we are to wait here for; that is to ratify cer-
tain nominations which the President is ex-
pected to make. We know, too; that if those
nominations are made they can be made in a
very brief space of time, and that our action
upon them will take but a very brief space of
time. It seems to be agreed tha't there is time
enough between to-day and next Tuesday both
to make the nominations and to act upon them;
and therefore it has seemed to me from the
beginning better that we should fix a period
by which time the work before us can be done,
to operate as a notification to the Executive
that we are prepared to do that work; and
then if he fails of his duty let us adjourn and
go home, and the country will find out where
the responsibility lies, where it properly be-
longs. To hold that we are bound to stay
here all summer, when the real practical work
to be done both by the Executive and Senate
is tha^ which we all know can be accomplished
in this short space of time, is to talk absurdly.
I hope that the Senate will not go into ex-
ecutive session at present, but that we shall
dispose of this matter, and pass this resolution
to adjourn next Tuesday. Then if the nomi-
nations come in, I should not be prepared to
say that I would vote to reject nominations of
capable men simply upon the ground of polit-
ical differences, in the present condition of the
country. Let us do that which is necessary
for carrying on the business of the country ;
confirm suitable and capable men for such
offices as must be filled for the purpose of the
collection of the revenues and other great
purposes which must be accomplished during
the recess. I hope the Senate will not go into
executive session.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, the fact that the Senate can consume, on
successive days, hours in the discussion of a
question of adjournment shows conclusively
that we have reached the dregs of the session,
and proves to my mind, at all events, that we
may adjourn very speedily without any great
detriment to the public interests. We came
here, and it was not anticipated I presume by
any Senator that we should be detained more
than ten or twelve days, and yet we have been
here for a much longer period. 1 am anxious,
for one. to put a spur in the Executive and a spur
in ,the Senate, for I believe there is no Senator
who remains here with greater personal incon-
venience than I do. and yet it has not been my
purpose to desert my place here as long as I
could be useful, or as long as I thought any
Senator could be useful. Now, it strikes me
that if we pass a resolution fixing the time of
adjournment it is a notice to the President and
also a notice to ourselves that we will perform
our duties in the most expeditious manner
possible.
] am not in favor of the resolution of the
Senator from Maine. I do not propose, for
one, to ask the President whether it is con-
sistent with the public interests for us to adjourn
or not. I should be quite willing to inform
the President that we had fixed a day upon
which we proposed to adjourn, and ask if he
had any further communications to make, or
something of that character. I trust, there-
fore, that we shall agree to adjourn certainly
as early as Tuesday, and I would prefer Mon-
day. I think that we can perform all of our
legitimate duties by that time. If there is any
responsibility about any vacancies, we know,
and thecountrywell knows, where the responsi-
bility lies.
Mr. CHANDLER. When the proposition
was before Congress to adjourn I opposed it
both by my votes and my advocacy. I was
opposed to the adjournment of Congress.
While Congress was in session we had a rem-
edy for any ill that might befall us; but the
Senate is powerless. I notice that the men
who were the most anxious to'adjourn Con-
gress are the men most opposed now to ad-
journing the Senate. I believe that, is so
without a singla exception ; the men who voted
every time to adjourn Congress now vote every
time to keep the Senate in session.
Mr. ANTHONY. You must make an ex-
ception of the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Stouter. J
Mr. CHANDLER. That Senator is a little
erratic in this instance, and I will make an
exception in his case. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, the Senator from Connecticut [Mr.
Dixon] says that any and every Senator 'sfould
do precisely as the President is doing in regard
to appointments and removals from office. Let
the Senator decide for himself. I do not think
that every Senator if elected by a political
party would turn traitor to that party and nom-
inate its enemies' to office. The Senator might,
but not every Senator on this floor. He speaks
for himself, and I have no doubt he speaks
truly for himself; but I wish to take myself
out from that catalogue, and I would fain be-
lieve a large majority of the members of this
body. Sir, there are very few men here who
would turn traitors to a party that elected them,
not to say at the same time traitors to their
country.
Mr. President, every hour that we defer the
adoption of this resolution extends this session
by that identical hour. Yesterday we could
have passed a resolution,- and it would have
been just as efficient, to adjourn on Monday,
as will be the resolution of to-day to adjourn
on Tuesday. Let us postpone it until to-
morrow, and it will be delayed to Wednesday.
Let us postpone it until next Monday, and it
will still be another day behind. All wo have
to do is to notify the President that we mean
to leave on such a day, and that he may send
in such nominations as he deems fit before that
day arrives ; and if they are proper and suita-
ble men we will confirm them, and if they are
not we will not. I have no idea of staying
here all summer to reject Copperheads and
traitors, as he may see fit to send them in, or
bread-and-butter men. We have rejected in
some instances as many as five or six or seven
or eight sets, and I am willing to reject fifteen
or twenty if he will send them in fast enough ;
but I will not stay here all summer waiting his
pleasure to send them in. As I said yesterday,
lie knows just exactly how to have every one
of these offices filled. They were filled by Mr.
Lincoln with good, responsible, reliable Union
Republicans. Those responsible, reliable
Union Republicans were removed by Andrew
Johnson to make place for unreliable, irrespon-
sible Copperheads in most cases, or bread-and-
butter men, who are worse, in all the rest of
the cases.
Now, sir, I am willing to give him until next
Tuesday. It is a day too long. I should pre-
fer to have passed the original resolution to
adjourn last Wednesday, and I would rather
pass it now without any amendment. I hope
that we shall not go into executive session or
do any other given thing until we settle this
question of adjournment. I hope we shall
remain in open session until the day is fixed,
and I shall vote for the earliest day proposed,
if it be to-morrow at twelve o'clock.
Mr. CEAGIN. Mr. President, I am quite
as anxious to adjourn as any other Senator
present, I believe; but.it strikes me that be-
fore we can fix a time of adjournment, or before
we should fix a time or say anything about it,
we should clear the Calendar ; we should do
the business that the President has already sent
us to do. The President called us together on
( the 1st of April. ITe said there was occasion
for an extraordinary session of the Senate.
This he had a right to do by the Constitution.
This is the eleventh day that we have been in
session here. So far as my knowledge goes
at an extraordinary session of the Senate there
has never been a day fixed for adjournment
■ by the Senate until a committee has been
appointed to wait upon the President to know
if he has any further communication to make
to the Senate. It is not like a session of Con-
gress, when we can adjourn at any time. Sup-
pose that we should agree to adjourn next
Tuesday or Wednesday and the business was
