836
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
not finished, j the President could, by procla-
mation, call us together the very next day. I
have before me the resolution that was passed
two years aj o upon this subject, and wish
simply to read it. It is a resolution intro-
duced by Mr. Lane, of Kansas, at the called
session of the Senate in March, 1865 :
"Resolved, That acommittee consisting of two mem-
bers be appointed to wait upon the President of the
United States,' and inform him that unless he hare
some farther communication to make the Senate is
ready to close its present session by an adjournment
sine die,"
If we are ready to adopt such a resolution as
that to-day, I a,m willing to vote for it; but
unless we are I am opposed to fixing any time
for adjournment. I am in favor of going on
with our business until we have closed it, and
then we can adopt such a resolution as this.
I am in favor of going into executive session
now.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think my honorable
friend from New Hampshire will find that thai
is the resolution that is always passed previous
to an adjournment, although the day has been
previously fixed by a resolution of the body or
a resolution of Congress. A day is fixed, and
as we approach the hour we then formally send
a committee to the President informing him
that unless there be other business to detain us
we are about to adjourn, and communicate by
this committee with the President upon that
subject, and they return and inform the body
that the President has no further communica-
tions to make, and then theadjournment occurs.
I do not think that that resolution is a precedent
to control us in this matter at all. I agree
entirely with those gentlemen who say it is
advisable for us to fix someday of adjournment;
fix it sufficiently far in advance, if you please;
but let the day when we desire to bring the ses-
sion to a termination be named. Then, as a
matter of course, if the President, just before
the session came to a termination, should have
any important business to communicate, by
informing the Senate of that fact we could
repeal or extend the time of adjournment. But
we should fix some day by way of notice to the
President that we desire to come to a termina-
tion on a certain day, and it will aid us in
approaching the termination and settlement of
all this business.
While I am up, I desire to say, once for all, a
single word in relation to the policy pursued
on the subject of appointments to office. It
is only in very extreme cases, I believe, that
the Senate of the United States in its whole
history has ever rejected men who have been
nominated for appointments to office by the
President upon political ground. When a man
is nominated the simple question to be con-
sidered by the Senate has almost always been
whether he is fit for the office, whether he has
capacity for the office and can discharge the
duties of the office, and subserve the public
interests.
But it is said that we are now in an extraor-
dinary position of affairs. Sir, I admit that
the case now existing is somewhat extraordi-
nary ; but I do not think that there is anything
in this case, extraordinary as it is, which jus-
tifies the Senate in the course which has been
urged by some, I do not say by all, that they
should reject men for their political opinions.
It is well known that there lias arisen a differ-
ence of opinion among those persons who
elected Lincoln and Johnson to the Presi-
dency and Vice Presidency in 1864. In that
difference of opinion these gentlemen are just
as sincere upon the one side as the other. I
do not charge upon men who differ with me
that they are traitors. I do not charge that
they are dishonest or dishonorable, that their
motives are not patriotic, that they are not
sincere, that they are not earnest. What I
accede and accord to them I simply claim for
myself; and I believe to-day that although a
difference of opinion has arisen between Mr.
Johnson and a majority of the members of
this body on the great question of reconstruc-
tion, SVji.. Johnson is just as honest, just as
Sincere, j«st as,patriotic, and would make just
as much personal sacrifice, even to the sacriT
fice of his life, if it were necessary, as any
Senator on this floor. I believe that he is just
as earnest and as honest. You may say he is
mistaken, if you please; you may say that he
has erred in not traveling with you in this new
progress, in the direction of a new policy.
Sir, it is but a very short time ago that the
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr, Summer,]
the present occupant of the chair, and three
or four other gentlemen now acting with the
majority, stood alone in favor of this new
policy ; the majority stood where 1 now stand.
But, sir, I do not complain of other men, be-
cause they are now satisfied that their former
position was wrong. They may believe that I
am wrong, that the President; is wrong in
standing where we have stood in our views of
the true policy of reconstruction. They have
a right to their opinion as well as I have to
mine. They are perfectly sincere and honest,
I have no doubt; and I claim the same for
myself and for the President of the United
States. I have never- seen anything to shake
my confidence in his entire sincerity, that he
is perfectly patriotic and sincere in the pur-
poses and the principles which he has avowed.
Sir, I stand not here to bandy epithets with
any Senator, although the Senator from Mich-
igan very often talks abou.t, men being traitors
to their party, traitors to their principles, when
they are just as sincere as he, and when in
their convictions and in the course they pursue
they are ready to defend them, here or else-
where, on this occasion and on every other.
While I question not his sincerity, while I do
not charge him ^ith being a traitor to his party
or a traitor to his principles, 1 shall be pre-
pared to maintain and to show as I think that
the Senator from Michigan and those who act
with him have changed their position. I do
not now say they have taken a wrong position.
I am not arguing that, but they have changed
their position. They have taken what they
call perhaps an advanced position. They have
made progress perhaps when I have not made
it. But, sir, because I have not made progress,
that I have betrayed the ground on which I
stood does not follow at all. You may say
that I have not kept pace with otheis who stood
with me then ; but because I stand upon the
principles upon which 1 fought the great battle
to put down this rebellion, as I understand
them, because I stand fighting for the Consti-
tution and its supremacy, because I believe
that reconstruction could be made under the
Constitution which our fathers gave us, I am
not to be denounced, nor are those who act
with me to be denounced, as being traitors to
our cause or traitors to our principles.
Without arguing this question, in a single
word I can state the precise difference between
the policy of the Administration and the policy
of the majority here. The policy of the Ad-
ministration has been reconstruction under
the Constitution. You, the majority, say, "Re-
construction cannot be made under the Con-
stitution at all; we must have a new constitu-
tion to have any reconstruction." That is pre-
cisely what you say. You say nothing less
than that. You say that under the Constitu-
tion as our fathers made it there shall never
be any representation from the States of the
South; there shall be a new Constitution; it
shall be made over again; it shall be amended.
I do not propose to go into the argument of
that question. Perhaps you are right; perhaps
I am wrong in all this; but I have been sincere
in my convictions. Those who have acted with
me have been as sincere in their convictions
as those who have acted against me. I simply
say this, and I go into the argument no further
than to say that there is a difference of opinion,
and that difference of opinion is honest and
sincere.
Therefore, Mr. President, there being that
difference of opinion which has arisen since
the election ofilr. Johnson, it being conceded,
as it must be, that he is just as sincere in his
opinions aa we are in ours, lie is entitled to
respect as President of the United States,
although, he differs with us in opinion ; and
therefore, from the whole history of the Gov-
ernment, I say that the Senate has always paid
that respect to the President in office that when
he nominates men for positions which the Sen-
ate are called upon to confirm the Senate has
always consulted the simple question whether
they were men fit to fill the offices. I agree
if a man is nominated who has changed his
principles for the sake of getting an office he
is not fit for any office; I do not care what pre-
tense he may hold out. If he pretends that
he is in favor of the policy of the President to
get a nomination, or pretends to be in favor
of the policy of Congress to get a confirmation,
and, that pretense is false, he is unfit for the
position. I dislike a man who holds a double
face. I want him to be frank and honest and
have an opinion, and not profess one thing
to-day and another thing to-morrow. I simply
say this: that the Senate, in my judgment, is
called upon in passing upon nominations to
pass upon the question of fitness, integrity,
capacity.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to ask
my friend a question if he has no objection.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator says he
admits that a man who changes his position
for the sake of office ought not to be con-
firmed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That is a question, in
my mind, which goes to his integrity.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will ask'him what
was the specific object of the celebrated letter,
to which I think his name was attached, or if
not it was franked by him very largely over
the United States in all quarters, to office-
holders, asking them to communicate the fact
whether they agreed to the holding of the
Philadelphia convention. What was the ob-
ject which prompted that letter?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That was a letter writ-
ten to men known  
Mr. FESSENDEN. Office-holders.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Not merely to office-
holders. The letter was addressed to a great
many persons to know what their views were
in relation to the Philadelphia convention.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I was not aware, and
I never heard of its being addressed to any-
body who had been a member of the Repub-
lican party, excepting those holding office at
the time. Certainly it was not sent to any
others in our section of the country.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I certainly do not know
to what gentlemen the letter may have been
sent after; it was published in circular form;
but I knew the letter was addressed, so far as
I was concerned, to men of distinction, men in
office and men out of office; and the most im-
?ortant answer, or one of the most important
remember to have received, was a letter which
I received from General Dix. Another that I
received was from Mr. Alexander Mitchell, of
Milwaukee, a distinguished citizen of our State,
who never held an office or desired to hold an
office.
I have answered the question of the honor-
able Senator frankly. Of course it is a ques-
tion that I had no objection to his putting. If
there is any implication in the question that I
ever wrote a letter to an individual for the pur-
pose of asking him to change his opinion for
an office I simply say it is without any founda-
tion whatever. I despise a man who will change
his opinion for the sake of an office, or who in
the Senate will make a speech one way and
vote another. I want to see men true to their
convictions and stand fast by them in good and
in evil report, in sunshine and in storm. Those
are the men that command my respect.
Having answered all that is necessary, I
think, to the inquiry of the Senator, 1 will pro-
ceed with the few remarks I intended to submit
to the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to havo
the Senator state whether his remark, that he
despised men who made speeches one way and
voted the other, referred to me ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Never.
