838
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
mentof this country for six years, they will
not have the breath of life breathed into their
official nostrils by this body. If it is the inten-
tion, as I gather from the remarks that have
been made, to play shuttle-cook between the
Wbite House and this body during the balance
of the summer, if I last I will stay here. But,
jsir, I claim that no person in this Government
is so high that he is not bound to respect the
judgment of the people, and the President
knows as well, as the Senator from Wisconsin
that he outrages the judgment of this people
when he sends men here who fought us to the
bitter end in the election that gave him his
place.
Why, sir, there has never been but one Pres-
ident before that has attempted to play this
r$lc, and that was John Tyler; and he played
himself so dead that the bubbles have never
risen over the place where he sank. [Laughter. ]
He undertook to Tylerizo the nation, and here
sat a Whig Senate. A Whig Senate rejected
Tyler's nominations, and the Whig party, from
one end of the country to the other, cried
"glory" to the Whig Senate for rejecting his
nominations. " Look to the Senate," was the
by-word. Sir, if the President of the United
States read the visible, tangible, striking letters
along the pathway he is going, he would read
the doom of every one that attempted to fol-
low in the wake of Tyler. So much did the
people abhor the course pursued by him that
when his final hour came it received the pass-
ing notice of the newspapers as though he
never held the high position that he did.
Now, sir, the remedy for this is right here:
if I stood in the relation to the President that
the honorable Senator from Wisconsin does
and that my honorable friend from Connecticut
does, I should go to him and say, '' Mr. Pres-
ident, the voice of the people everywhere ex-
cept in Connecticut"—I would mention that—
" everywhere except in Connecticut" 
Mr. DIXON. The rest are coming.
Mr. NYE. Yes; so is doomsday—-"is
against your policy. You had better, there-
fore, ia.ll into this column that is marching on
so resistlessly, and make your appointments
in accordance with the wishes and will of this
mighty people." It will be far better for him
and his history, and for them and their history,
that they should do that than to hold up Con-
necticut as an example that the world is chang-
ing. Eight little countics out of this mighty
Government have spoken. About half their
number have been against the President, and
about half in his favor—done by this paltry
course—done by this nefarious example of re-
warding traitors to their party and making
traitors of those who hold their offices ; and
the Senator from Connecticut knows it. All
the glory that you can gather from that victory
I hope you will treasure up; but if I had a
word of advice to give you I would say re-
joice in the day of your youth, for the day is
not iar distant when a mightierthan Connecti-
cut will call you to judgment.
Sir, I am sick of this paltering between the
President and us. This body owes something
to itself. Fix the day of adjournment, and
perhaps at last he will condescend from his
high position to inform the Senate that it will
bo impossible to get through by that day. If
he does that, it will be so much of a recogni-
tion of them. Fix the day of adjournment,
and then the Senate will do what is becoming
to itself and becoming to an intelligent constit-
uency. Fix the day of adjournment, and let
the President send in his appointments; if
they are good, if the majority of this Senate
seem to think them worthy, they will be con-
tinued; if not, they will be rejected.
And here let me say that I think the com-
plainings of the Senator from Wisconsin do
not come with a good grace from him. We
have confirmed man after man from high to
low, from civilian to the military chieftain who
attended conventions in which my friend seems
so much to revel. If he lives anywhere it is
in a convention. I am glad to say that if he
gets a large one he will have to go out of Wis-
consin. [Laughter.] But we have confirmed
General Dix, General Steedman, and generals
without number when they stood in open array
against the policy of the majority of this Gov-
ernment and of its representatives.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If my honorable friend
will allow me right there, I will ask him to
give the reason why they have been confirmed
and others rejected.
Mr. NYE. Yes, I will be cleverer than you
were. [Laughter.]
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have no irony. I
wisli to hear the reason why they were con-
firmed and others rejaoted, if the Senator will
give the reason.
Mr. NYE. Why, sir, that question which
was asked centuries ago, why this one was
taken and another left, has never been an-
swered. [Laughter.] I answer no such ques-
tion as that. The only answer is that those
who were confirmed were in luck, and the many
who have not been confirmed were not in
luck.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That is a very good
answer if we can assume to ourselves to occupy
that high position; but I supposed that we were
a human tribunal, and I asked for human rea-
son. I do not seek to pry into the mystery
of Heaven.
Mr. NYE. It is no mystery; it was pro-
claimed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I asked for human
reason.
Mr. NYE. I propose to give a right rea-
son, and that has been declared to be revela-
tion. 1 can tell the Senator why it was, viewed
with human eyes. Some of onr good-natured
friends here have a great desire to see personal
friends promoted, and the Senate, exhibiting
far more magnanimity than is exhibited toward
them, have yielded to personal requests of dis-
tinguished members on this floor.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand my hon-
orable friend, then, to say that it is the weak-
ness of the Senate, and not the reason of the
Senate, which has confirmed those men.
Mr. NYE. The Senate has great weak-
nesses as well as striking strength. [Laughter. ]
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The simple question I
wish to get at is the reason, if possible, why the
majority confirmed these great men, these great
generals, and still take off so remorselessly the
heads of the little ones?
Mr. NYE. Well, Mr. President, it is the
soldiers mostly that get killed in battle; not
the officers. [Laughter.] Officers are not
always where they are in the most danger and
are not as numerous as the soldiers, and sol-
diers are cut down and rest where their friends
know not, while officers have stones reared at
their heads to mark their resting place. I
agree with the Senator that the policy of this
Senate has been wrong. We ought to have
killed the leaders instead of the soldiers. In-
stead of hanging Wirz we ought to have hung
Jeff. Davis with his cohorts around him. If I
could have had my way not a man who put his
head in the Philadelphia convention should
have received an indorsement of the Senate of
the United States; and my friend from Wis-
consin has seen his friends, for that reason,
fall around him—
"Like leaves in wintry weather."
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Some fall, and others
are confirmed.
Mr. NYE. All ought to have fallen. Some
survive, and their fall is in the future to come;
and I conjure my friend not to boast before he
casteth off his armor, because the day may
come when he himself will stand in judgment
for that offense; and much as I love him and
honor and respect him, I never could vote to
confirm him to a foreign appointment until the
change in him was as marked and as visible as
that change has been which he has recently
undergone.
Mr. President, I desired simply to say this
because myfritfndfrom Wisconsin seized upon
this opportunity, with reporters here, to put
himself on record once more in defense of the |
Johnson policy. If it was proper for me, I I
should like to relate a little incident I saw
once in court, illustrative of his position ex-
actly. The lamented Alvin Stewart, who had
no superior at the bar of New York, was once
trying an important case. When he had got
nearly through his argument a gentleman op-
posed to him interrupted him in a low tone.
He stopped and looked at him. Said he,
"Pip, pip, pip, yet;" and he added, "I sup-
posed if you had either sense or sensibility
that you were dead an hour ago." [Laugh-
ter.] So my friend "pips" upon this Johnson
policy and Lincoln policy, and I suppose he
will continue to " pip" upon that as long as he
can get it printed in the Globe, to go out to the
world.
Now, sir, I desire for one, and for all time
to say, that if it is the policy of the President
to keep us here all summer to reject men who
are offensive in the nostrils of the Union-loving
men of this nation we are ready, if it is a
question of endurance. They say his health is
not good. [Laughter.] If it is a question of
bold defiance I would meet it in the same
spirit in which it is given. But, sir, if it is a
question of* right, I know that the people of
this country will call this Senate blessed for not
putting in the hands of their enemies the power
to overthrow them.
My friend from Maine asked the honorable
Senator from Wisconsin about a letter he
wrote. I never saw it; but knowing that my
friend from Wisconsin was in the inner circle
of this Johnsonian policy I should like to ask
him one more question. Why was it that every
postmaster in the nation and every man hold- |
iug a place was asked to contribute to the sup-
port of the Johnson policy, and the inquiry
made, and to be answered, whether he would
support it himself? That was the magnanimity
that they exhibited, "That measure that you
mete unto others shall be meted unto you."
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator asks a
question as to myself. The inquiry which he
now puts is a matter of which I never had any
knowledge, and have no knowledge now.
Mr. NYE. The reason is this: my friend
did not hold a petty office in the Government.
If he had he would have had knowledge of it
by a circular under a frank.
Mr. FERRY. His own frank.
Mr. NYE. I do not know how that was. I
say nothing but what I know. I know in my
distant State there was not a mountain gorge
in which there was a post office but what this
ticket came signed by the cashier of the John-
son committee here, Mr. Knap. " Come down
so much;" and "will you support the policy
of Johnson?" were the interrogatories. The
first, the "come down" part, was more em-
phatic than the last. [Laughter.] That, sir,
was the magnanimity displayed by the officers
and by the President of this Government when
he was turning men out. I had but one friend
personal to myself in office in the State of Ne-
vada, and his head fell so quick that you could
hardly mark the place where it fell. A man
was put in who was not friendly to me nor
friendly to the majority of the people of this
nation. He holds it now. The result of it
was that two or three heads fell, and the rest
joined the Johnson Club as an ark of safety,
and crept in out of the shower. I hope they
will never show their heads again.
Now, sir, when the Senator from Wisconsin
assumes that we are bound to show respect to
the President's appointments, I ask him if the
President was not bound to respect the ap-
pointees who were in and discharging faithfully
the duties of their offices? Respect is not all
due from one side. I submit that the Pres-
ident of the United States has treated with dis-
dain the expressed judgment of this people
recorded in a thousand ways. He has treated
with contempt the voice of the national coun-
cil of Congress. He has hurled back defiantly
into our teeth measures well considered by
gentlemen who would not suffer in comparison
with his own intellectual or legal acquirements.
And to-day, if it is proper to speak from the
newspapers, the question is being agitated
