842
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
influence of Connecticut, such as it was, for
the maintenance of the great conflict, we have
yielded ,to these men, we have given them the
leading offices; we did not care anything about
the offices,;, we wanted the Republic saved,
and if these men could be got by an office to
give us their votes and their iufluouce let them
take the offices so that we saved the nation.
And when the war was over the patronage of
Connecticut, having been for years in the hands
of my colleague, (and no man in America
knows better how to use patronage either for
personal or, political ends,) the offices in Con-
necticut were filled largely by men that did ijot
need to be turned out; and consequently when
my colleague, the commander-in-chief of this
floating mass, large enough by its votes to
swamp either party, made up his mind to leave
the good old Republican ship and go over to
the common enemy, they all followed him.
You did not need to change the postmaster at
New Haven ; you did not need to change the
collcetor in the eastern district; you did not
need to change the collector in the western
district; most certainly you did not need to
change the collector of the port of New Haven
or the postmaster at Hartford, because most
of those officers could more effectively serve
the purposes of my colleague by professing to
remain in the Republican ranks, going to our
conventions, apparently working with us, and
then when election day came stabbing us in the
back.
Sir, I had almost said that I am glad that the
election iu Connecticut has resulted as it has:
the atmosphere will be clearer; the party will
be purer. We stood this spring, for the first
time, right square upon the platform of prin-
ciple ; we met the enemy on that platform; and
if wc vsuffered a defeat, the two causes which
I have mentioned show that that defeat was
not as my colleague thinks by a change of
opinion on the part of the intelligent voters of
Connecticut. I do not know where my colleague
is to find those who were so alarmed at the
radicalism of the Republican party as to have
altered their votes from the votes they gave last
spring when the record stares me in the face
that our candidate for Governor got more votes
this spring than he got last. And, sir, beeausc
now our party is liberated from the crew which
has been clinging to it for the sake of spoils
for the last twelve years, because now we go
forth to the contest hereafter planted firm on
principle, I am convinced that from this day
forth in Connecticut we are and shall be stronger
than we ever have been before. I am convinced
that when the young men of Connecticut, born
there and educated in our schools, see the Re-
publican partyof the State founding itself upon
the principles of the Declaration, never afraid
to meet the common enemy squarely in the
face, never for the sake of getting the votes of
a few selfish individuals of the party shrinking
from the declaration of its real intentions,
when the young men of Connecticut see this
they will come to our party in suet numbers
as they have never come before. And when an
election has taken place in a Commonwealth
like Connecticut, where upon the record of
that election itself it is evident that more than
two thirds of our own citizens, bora among us,
familiar with our institutions, grounded iu the
principles of American liberty, have voted for
the unsuccessful candidate, I say defeat with
such followers as those is more honorable than
succcssin the association in which my colleague
finds himself.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President, as my col-
league has made pretty direct allusion to me in
the course of his remarks, I shall be excused
perhaps for taking up the time of the Senate
for a few minutes in reply.
The Senator has attempted to give the phi-
losophy of the recent election in Connecticut,
and he has given two reasons which I propose
to consider.
In the first place, he states to the Senate
what is true, that we have in the State of Con-
necticut a large foreign vote so-called: a largo
portion of our citizens are of foreign birth;
and he goes on to remark that they are ignorant
and superstitious -
Mr. FERRY. Nothing of the kind did I say.
Mr. DIXON. The "ignorance and supersti-
tion" of Europe—I took it down from Jiis own
mouth—comes in from the great marts of com-
' merce and thus oyerwhelms the true intelligence
of Connecticut; and therefore he says that
when I speak of the intelligence of the people
of Connecticut I speak of that which does'not
exist as relating to this recent change at our
election.
In the first place, with regard to the " for-
eign vote," I have this to say: I make no dis-
tinction between foreigners and natives; I
know nothing of foreigners; I know nothing
of natives; I only know American citizens.
They are all American citizens, and until they
are such they cannot vote in the State of Con-
necticut. I am a little surprised that the hon-
orable Senator should speak of this class of
our population in the manner in which he has
seen fit to do this morning. I have heard it
charged heretofore, and it has been sometimes
true, that the honorable Senator himself and
other gentlemen who address the people of Con-
necticut are in the habit of speaking very dif-
ferently of this class of our voters before and
after election. I do not think the honorable
Senator would have gone to Connecticut and
made the speech which he has just made before
the election. He made several speeches there;
he addressed the people of Connecticut; and
while I will not say that he made abject appeals
to this foreign vote, for I do not think he would
do it, still I do not believe that he told them
they were overflowing with the ignorance and
superstition of Europe; that their vote would
not be any proof of the intelligent verdict of
the State of Connecticut.
On the contrary, I think he addressed them
as adopted citizens, as men who ought to look
above all such considerations, forget that they
were of foreign birth, and vote as men should
who have cast in their lot with us. I have no
doubt he appealed to them in that way; and
while I have said that I do not believe he made
abject appeals to them, this I do say, that some
of the radical speakers in the State did ac-
tually disgrace and degrade human nature by
the abjectncss of the appeals which they made
to this very vote of which the Senator now
speaks so contemptuously. Take the leading
paper in the State, take the paper conducted
by the Governor; I may speak of it because
he is the Governor of the State of Connecti-
cut. For six weeks before the election the
honeyed words whieli he poured through those
mellifluous columns upon the Irish and the for-
eign vote would have fcharmed my friend from
Connecticut if he could have read them. Noth-
ing was too good to say of these highly intel-
ligent people; then the Irish were going to
vote with the Radicals ; their eyes wpreopened ;
they had become intelligent, and Radicals would
receive their votes, especially since Andrew
Johnson had been so base as to obey the laws
with regard to the Fenian insurrection! No
sooner was the election over, and the editor of
the paper found that he and his friends were
not elected to office, than their whole course
changed with regard to this vote, and the lan-
guage which my colleague now uses is con-
temptuously applied to our foreign-born popu-
lation.
Now, it does seem to me there ought to be
some little consistency on the subject. If this
vote is of the character stated; if this people
are of that character; if it is proper to denounce
them as ignorant and superstitious and not
intelligent after the election, why not say so
before ? Why not meet it ? The Senator claims
to be actuated by high principles, and he has
intimated pretty strongly that those who are
opposed to him are not. Now, the truth of it
is that if there has been any means which has
not been resorted to by that Senator's friends,
if not by himself, to obtain the foreign vote, I
am ignorant of it. So much for that.
Now, sir, one word with regard to the char-
acter of those people. It is true that they have
not had all the advantages of education which
some of our people have had. They have not
all had the advantage of common schools. I
do not think, therefore, that they should be de-
nounced, as they have to-day been denounced
by my colleague, as "the peasantry of Eu-
rope." If they were "peasants" at home,
here they are freemen, and here we make no
distinction. Is the Senator a Republican?
Is he in favor of allowing the untaught, uned-
ucated negroes of the South to vote; and does
he wish to refuse the vote to those citizens of
European birth who were invited by our laws
to settle here ? Is that his position ? I under-
stand him to be in favor of inviting a universal
suffrage throughout the whole country.
Mr. FERRY. That is my position.
Mr. DIXON. And still he says to us that
when the verdict of the State of Connecticut
is influenced by the foreign vote it cannot be
called the result of the intelligence of Con-
necticut.
Now, sir, I will close what I have to say
upon that point by saying that I do not believe
the honorable Senator will make the same
speech which he has made here to-day at the
polls or on the hustings at the next election.
As the period approaches for holding the next
election he and his friends will begin to think
more favorably of the intelligence of our citi-
zens of foreign birth, and not until after they
have voted will they become "ignorant and
superstitious." _ .
The Senator has gone into matters of some-
what a personal character, and if I allude to
the Senator personally he will excuse me for
so doing, inasmuch as he has, very properly
perhaps, alluded to me. I make no objection
to that. The Senator has said that for the last
twelve years the standard of Republicanism
has been so low in Connecticut, inasmuch as it
has been controlled and led by myself and a
small prsetorian band controlled by me, that
it has resulted in their final defeat. The Sen-
ator forgets that during that time we gave one
majority at one of our State elections of nearly
twelve thousand; he forgets that at another
election, and that, I may be permitted to say,
was the year when I was reelected, the major-
ity was six thousand, with these same leaders.
But, not to dwell upon that, the Senator
says that men have been appointed to office
who did not need to be influenced by an offi-
cial bribe, that they were ready to go over with
their leader whoever he might be—I do not
claim to be that person—men to whom had
been given offices for the sake of obtaining and
controlling their votes; men who had not been
influenced by high considerations as he had
and those with whom he acted. Will the Sen-
ator allow me to remind him of the manner in
which he emerged from the perhaps more hon-
orable pursuits of private life into public posi-
tion. When he left the honorable pursuits of
the bar, how was it? As a Know-Nothing.
When I first had the .pleasure of hearing that
honorable Senator's voice in the Legislature of
Connecticut he was a leader; this pure Repub-
lican, who never followed any popular issue for
the sake of office, was a leader of the Know-
Nothing party !
Mr. FERRY. I believe you and I were to-
gether that session.
Mr. DIXON. And he remained true to that
party, for he of course never changed. I beg
the honorable Senator's pardon. I had the
honor of being elected to the Senate by an
American Legislature; but I never claimed to
be a leader in the party, and in point of fact I
never belonged to the party proper. The Sen-
ator never saw me in any of his secret lodges.
Mr. FERRY. Does the Senator mean to
say that he never belonged to aKnow-Nothing
council?
Mr. DIXON. Never. I never was inside
of them.
Mr. FERRY. Never was initiated?
Mr. DIXON. I was never initiated.
