1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
843
Mr. FERRY. You were terribly misrepre-
sented then in the Legislature of 1856, for
you were elected by that Legislature on the
express ground that you had been initiated in
a Know-Nothing lodge. I am glad to be cor-
rected if it is not so.
Mr. DIXON. On the contrary, in 1856, when
I was first elected to the Senate, a speech was
published which I delivered, the first speech
which I ev£r had the honor to deliver in the
House of Representatives, in 1846, (I have been
here a long time in one House or the other,)
against the native American party; and that
speech was published and circulated with the
view of preventing my election. If it was said
at the time that I belonged to the Know-
Nothing party proper, or had ever joined their
lodges, or had ever entered into any initiation,
a mistake was made. I never heard that such
a claim was made. I should have probably
met the Senator if I had been in their lodges.
I should have met him in one of their secret
meetings. The Senator knows perfectly well
that I was an outsider. There were some of
their principles that were proper and right,
and when they discarded their proscription and
became an, open party, I was willing to sup-
port those principles. I am not now denounc-
ing them. I am only saying that the Senator
who claims that he has been throughout a con-
sistent Republican, and that he has been one
of that pure angelic cIe&s who despise all office
and would resort to no means to obtain office,
leaving that to more unworthy spirits, has, I
think, mistaken or forgotten a portion of his
history. I do not deny that the Senator had
good reasons and good motives for entering
into the Know-Nothing party. I do not dis-
pute his right to do it: honorable men went
with him; but if he was in at the birth of the
Republican party he was very much belied in
the State of Connecticut. It was supposed that
the Republican party was formed without his
aid and against him; that he acted with the
Know-Nothing party long after the Republican
party existed. That is the belief, and I think
the Senator will not deny it. But, sir, I do not
propose  .
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. President, I rise
to a question of order. I believe that the mo-
tion pending is to go into executive session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is so.
Mr. DIXON. Well, Mr. President _
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I believe
it has never been the practiee of the Senate to
restrict Senators in the course of debate in
which they see fit to indulge in arguing these
questions. We cannot enforce that kind of
order. Each Senator must judge by his own
sense of propriety of the way in which ho will
handle his argument. This argument is sup-
posed to relate to the subject of going in execu-
tive session. It is true I do not see any con-
nection with it, but Senators do, and they are
the judges. „ , ,
Mr. HENDERSON. I will beg of the hon-
orable Senator from Connecticut, then, that he
will give way for an adjournment this evening,
and close his speech to-morrow.
Mr. DIXON. I will obviate any necessity
for the Senator's motion by closing in one
moment. I have only a few more words to
say. In this allusion to the Senator [Mr.
Febuy] of course I mean no personal offense;
but he has assailed the motives of my friends;
he has declared that they have been governed
by impure, improper, and corrupt motives for
the last twelve years; and he has claimed that
he and his friends have acted from none but
the purest motives, have merely desired to
advance the interests of the country. 1 have
shown how that Senator himself has acted.
If there is anything which authorizes him to
assume that superiority in regard to party ex-
cellence of conduct, then I am very glad to
find it possible for him to enjoy that consola-
tion, although the record disproves his claim.
Now, perhaps, I ought to say a word 111
regard to the office-holders in Connecticut.
He has alluded to some of them. I do not
know that they need any defense from me.
It would perhaps be a work of supererogation.
They are a portion of our citizens. The Sen-
ator seems to be dissatisfied with the people
of Connecticut, his own constituency. Sir, I
did not expect to be called on to defend my
own constituents against the attacks of my
own colleague, and I could wish the blow had
been struck by-some other hand.
One portion of them he says are of foreign
birth, ignorant, unintelligent, superstitious;
and another portion of native birth are corrupt
office-seekers, not needing bribe, ready to'fol-
low anywhere for the sake of office. la that
so? Is my colleague just toward those people
of our noble Commonwealth? Is that true of
the people of Connecticut? If so, the honor
of representing that State is not so great as
he and myself had fondly believed. No, sir,
the Senator is mistaken in regard to their
character; they are honest, intelligent free-
men ; they have had no threat held over them.
A large number of the office-holders, a major-
ity of them, have voted for his candidates, per-
haps favored his election; a portion of them
have voted as I think right; but not a man
of them has ever had it intimated to him or
ever suspected that he would be removed from
office if he did not do so.
Now, sir, a word as to the platform of prin-
ciple which these gentlemen have followed.
The Senator says that last year his friends suc-
ceeded by five hundred majority, and this year
they are defeated by twelve hundred, and yet
there has been no change of sentiment. Has
the Senator forgotten the position which they
took last year ? 'Does not the Senator know
perfectly well that the paper conducted by the
Governor of the State then declared that there
was no virtual difference between the Presi-
dent and himself and his party? Has the
Senator forgotten that record? Does he not
remember that they claimed then to run as
Johnson men? Does the Senator remember
the interview which that gentleman had with
the President of the United States, as it was
reported in the Connecticut papers a few days
before the election, in which in the form of a
dialogue the interview was related to the peo-
ple of Connecticut, and it was declared that
there was no virtual difference ; that Governor
Hawley and President Johnson thought alike ;
and that, too, after the veto of the Freedmen's
Bureau bill, and after the speech of the 22d
February, 1866? And now the Senator says
these same men have always acted on high
principle, and last year, avowing their prin-
ciple, they elected their ticket by five hundred
majority. The Senator remembers all these
things; the Senator very well knows the posi-
tion they then took, claiming to be par excel-
lence the Johnson party of the State of Con-
necticut. Yet when the election was secured
by the means which I have described, the
result was announced in the Radical press as
a verdict against the President and his policy I
Such are the lofty and honorable means by
which unselfish patriots who now boast of their
spotless purity have been accustomed to win
their triumphs.
Sir, I regret very much that the question of
the Connecticut election should be brought
into discussion here. I have not introduced
it. The Senator from Nevada saw fit to intro-
duce it. I attempted to reply to some portion
of his remarks j I made no allusion to my col-
league except in the most indirect way; I do
not complain of his reference to me; but I
barely beg leave to say that if I have referred
at all to his course it has been in reply to his
own direct reference to myself and my friends.
I am willing to concede to that Senator hon-
esty of purpose ; I suppose him to be honest.
Probably he was honest when he was in the
dark-lantern society. I will not deny that
when he led that patriotic band of office-seek-
ers and office-holders he was governed by
patriotic motives,"and when he emerged^from
that into the Republican party, the Ivnow-
Nothing party having collapsed, I concede to
him, if he claims the concession, that even
then he was not governed by any selfish mo-
tives. I am willing to concede everything to
him upon that subject, and even to his friends
in the State which they so loudly claim. They
are rabid, and rather uncomfortable ; they are
somewhat difficult men to deal with, hard to
satisfy, always complaining; but still let us
say, since they will have it so, that they excel
all men in honesty of purpose and' purity of
motive. Honesty is rugged in its character.
They certainly never could be called men of a
flattering aspect, and they have always possessed
a wonderful capacity of winning dislike. They
say all the severe things they think and some-
times a little more than they think, as I trust
is the case with my friend to-day. But while
I am willing to submit to this for myself, I
cannot silently listen to assaults from any
quarter upon my constituents, whether of native
or foreign birth.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, I have
come to the conclusion this morning that the
Senate is not very anxious to adjourn, and we
seem to have departed from the pending busi-
ness to discuss other subjects. Now, sir, I wish
to make one point while this question of the
continuance of our session is under considera-
tion. The Senate, by passing the tenure-of-
office bill, by agreeing to the enactment of that
measure, assumed a peculiar and novel obli-
gation, one that has never before rested upon
it at any former session, whether a regular
one or a special one, under a call of the Presi-
dent. By that tenure-of-office bill we have
deprived the President of the United States of
the power of filling offices which may be vacant
at the time of our adjournment. Not only have
we imposed a prohibition upon him in this par-
ticular, and thus changed the practice of the
Government as it has obtained from the ear-
liest periods, but upon the appointing power,
and upon persons appointed or^ selected to
office in violation of that prohibition, we have
imposed severe penal enactments. The Sen-
ate, therefore, by agreeing to that bill, by
passing that bill, have assumed the obligation
and duty of filling these offices before adjourn-
ment. I think that that duty ought not to be
shirked; it is one that cannot be honestly and
fairly evaded.
Senators are to remember also in this con-
nection that within the last year we have in-
creased our compensation; we have largely
increased the pay allowed us by law. Having
done so, and having, prohibited the President
from filling the public offices of the country,
it is our clear and plain duty to remain here
until all those offices are filled, at least those
that are important, all those that there is not
any existing provision of law for their manage-
ment and control in the absence of a regular
appointment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on proceeding to the consideration of
executive business; and on that question the
yeas and nays have been demanded.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do hope since we have
now disposed of Connecticut, and Wisconsin,
too, I believe, [Mr. Somneb. Have we?]
for to-day I trust, that we may be permitted
to come to the question of adjournment, if that
is the question before the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not
the question before the Senate; the question
is on going into executive session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that whoever
made that motion will withdraw it and let us
have the question on the adjournment. It we
had settled it yesterday we should have saved
this debate to-day.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will withdraw the mo-
tion if I can be permitted to do so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now, then, let us have
a vote on the question of adjournment.
Mr. SUMNER. I renew the motion to go
into executive session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas
and nays having been ordered, the motion ot
the Senator from Rhode Island cannot be
withdrawn but by leave of the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
