1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBl.
847
good faith to secure the filling of the vacant
offices and wait with a proper degree of pa-
tience until that object is accomplished, or at
least until it is obvious to the whole country
that we cannot agree and that the fault is not
upon us. In my judgment that time has not
yet arrived. From the very nature of things,
from the very nature of the case, it is obvious
that there must be a difference. The Presi-
dent is no longer our friend; he is no longer
acting with us. We must accept the situation—
we cannot help it—and do our duty in the best
way we can, make the most and the best that
we can out of it.
Sir, I think the advice that gentlemen give,
to adjouru to-day at four o'clock, three hours
and a half from now, with some forty or filly
offices of importance unfilled, is bad and dan-
gerous advice. It is but a short time since we
raised our yearly salary to $5,000. We have
taken care to pay ourselves well. I am not
responsible for that, but with others I accepted
that situation, and having done it my time is
and ought to be at the service of the commu-
nity that pays me, and neither my own personal
convenience nor any whim of mine should lead
me to -desert my post until I can do it safely to
the best interests of the country.
Sir, this is a matter of indifference to me, as
much so as to any other Senator. I have not
more interest in it than any>other individual,
but I shall oppose these motions as long as I
can, and if the Senate vote me down I shall
go home, and gladly go home with the rest
of them, and be willing to take the conse-
quences.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator desires me
to be modest in my leadership. I will inform
that Seuator that I never aspired-to leadership.
I have been, perhaps, one of the humblest fol-
lowers of the Senator from Maine in his lead-
ership for years. I followed him as long as I
could, and I believe I followed him very closely
up to the time when he desired to adjourn Con-
gress and 1 did not. I then used the argument
that we were paid by the year, and I desired to
hold Congress here that we might have the
remedy for any ill or any mistake or any crime
that might be committed. But, sir, the Sen-
ator from Maine was all-powerful, and through
his influence in this and the other House an
adjournment of Congress was carried; and I
give him the credit for it. I did not follow him
in his leadership on that occasion. I have no
recollection of ever having bolted my leader
until that time, but then I did. But, sir, now
the Senator says " Look to the record." There
is no record. What has transpired has been
in secret session. As a matter of course no
record has been made of the doings in secret
session.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The record of what I
said I alluded to. The language to which the
Senator referred was in open session.
Mr. CHANDLER. What 1 -alluded to was
in secret session. I do not remember what the
Senator said in open session.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator had no
right to allude to anything I said except in
open session.
Mr. CHANDLER. I did not name you or
any other man; but you asked who I meant,
and T told you frankly I meant you. You
would not have been named if you had not
insisted on it. I am generally ready to give a
reason for the faith that is in me.
Now, the Senator from Maine says he is not
in favor of confirming improper men. I am
glad to hear it. He says also, however, that
he is in favor of keeping the Senate here until
these offices are allfilled. The President knows
very well that if he can hold us here day after
day and week after week he can finally worry
us out. He understands that perfectly well,
and so does the Senator from Maine under-
stand it perfectly well. He knows that we
cannot hold a quorum here ten days longer;
and he knows that if the Senate takes that
position it will not be one week before every
single nommeeofthe President, right or wrong,
will be either confirmed, or the Senate left with-
out a quorum and be powerless even to ad-
journ.
Mr. President, I repeat what I said before,
that I am in favor of an adjournment of the
Senate. While I opposed the adjournment
of Congress I am opposed to the Senate's
remaining here with its hands tied. While
Congress was here if had its remedy at hand;
but the Senate has no remedy. It can sit here
from day to-day and reject improper nomina-
tions as they come in, while at the same time
it notifies the President that he may continue
to send them in, and finally worry the Senate
out. I believe that but for the intimation
thrown out here, that the Senate could be wor-
ried out and that impropei' nominations would
be confirmed, proper men would have been
sent in before this. I believe that if we serve
notice to-day upon the President that we will
not and cannot be kept here to confirm im-
proper men, that wc have no fear of the re-
sponsibility which he has taken—the responsi-
bility is his—the result will be beneficial. He
removed good, reliable Union Republicans
appointed by Mr. Lincoln and confirmed by
the Senate, men of experience and character.
Having removed those men, he now attempts
to put in improper men. If he can stand that
responsibility 1 can. I desire to serve this
notice upon him : "You return those men, or
men equally good, and we will confirm them ;
if you do not we will leave."
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I consider it my
duty, as a member of this body, to remain here
as long as the public interests call for it; but
there is one thing that I do not consider it my
duty to do, and that is to remain here to reject,
time after time, nominations by the President
of the same individual to the same office.
There are two cases of officers in the State from
which I come, in one of which the President
has nominated one individual twice for that
office after he had been previously rejected for
another office; and in the other case he nomi-
nated the same individual three times for the
same office, and every time he was rejected by
this body. Now, sir, I do not concede that it
is the duty of the Senate to remain herein ses-
sion for an indefinite length of time to enable
the President to try tiiat same game with
regard to offices all over the country, and in
that way finally worry the Senate into confirm-
ing men that it does not think ought to be con-
firmed. And, sir, I think that the time has
come, referred to by the honorable Senator
from Maine, that we discover it to be an im-
practicable thing to agree with the President
when he thus, instead of sending in new men
for offices, undertakes to nominate the same
men over and over again for a position for
which the Senate has rejected him. I think
when the President's game has come to that
point it is time the Senate had adjourned and
gone home.
Mr. ANTHONY. There seems to be a dif-
ference of opinion whether we should extend
the time until Thursday or not pass the reso-
lution at all. I think we had better go back
to the original resolution. The original reso-
lution fixed the adjournment for Wednesday.
It has been amended by extending it to Thurs-
day. Now, I move to reconsider the vote
adopting the amendment so that we can go
back to Wednesday, and then if we find it
necessary we can extend the time another day.
I move to reconsider the vote by which the
amendment was adopted.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope not.
The PRESIDENT giro tempore. Did the
Senator from Rhode Island vote with the ma-
jority?
Mr. ANTHONY. There was no division.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island moves to reconsider
the vote by which the amendment was adopted.
The question is on that motion.
Mr. DAVIS. I will say a word on this sub-
ject. The officcs that arc unfilled do not belong
to the President of the United Stares: nor ,io
they belong to the Senate. They bcioiie to the
country. It is the interest of the Cin.niry that
they should be filled, and that they should be
properly filled and filled before the Senate
adjourns. There are two coordinate branches
of the appointing power; the one is the Presi-
dent, and the other the Senate. We have had
parties in our Government ever since its origin,
and parties of great acrimony and of fierce
competition; but when was the principle or the
purpose ever laid down before that the Senate
would compel the President to nominate for
office particular persons whom the Senate
desired? From the time of the election of
John Adams up to the present Administration
every President has exercised the discretion of
nominating to the Senate his own friends for
office. I do not know that the present Execu-
tive of the United States has any particular
friends; but if he had, and that was the prin-
ciple upon which he was acting, he would be
acting in conformity to the practice of the Gov-
ernment from its origin up to the present time.
I concede fully that it is his duty to send a
competent and an honest man to the Senate
for every office. When he has presented such
a man as that to the Senate he has performed
his duty, and his whole duty, within the spirit
of the Constitution and in accordance with the
uniform usage of the Government. I concede
that the Senate has the power, and further,
that it is the duty of the Senate, if the Presi-
dent sends an unfit person here for office, to
reject him; but what is this matter of fitness
for office?
There used to be ail old-fashioned idea in
relation to fitness for office. If a man had
sufficient intelligence and conversance with its
particular duties, and he was an honest and
faithful and capable man, such a man in times
past, and up to the present time, was always
deemed fit and eminently fit for office. Is that
the test and the-measure of fitness now? No,
Mr. President; there is a new and a sv.mmum
bonum qualification that has been interposed
in this day as the sine qua non, for office, and
that is that the nominee must be a Radical.
I do not assent to any such principle as that.
Senators have spoken of nominations for
their respective States. My State has but little
patronage and few nominations, and the most
of them are filled, and a good many of thei®
are filled with Radicals, too. But there is one
office there that is not filled. How did it
become vacant? It is the office of collector
of internal revenue in the ninth district. A
Radical was in the office with the consent and
ratification of the Senate. He resigned his
position in the summer or fall of last year and
made it vacant. It is a fact of public noto-
riety, of public knowledge, that a most comr
petent man was appointed pro tempore during
the recess of the Senate to fill that office. He
entered upon the discharge of its duties, and
when the Senate convened the President nom-
inated him, as it was his -duty to do under the
Constitution. There was not a voice or ob-
jection against him for unfitness for that office
in any respect save and except that he was
not an extreme Radical. His intelligence,
his integrity, his perfect comprehension of the
dirties of the office, his disposition and ability
to perform them faithfully to the country,
everything connected with the proper filling
of an office he was conceded to have possessed,
and yet he did not fill that office. It is a mat-
ter of public history that he was rejected. On
whom, then, does the responsibility devolve
that that office was not filled? Certainly not
upon the President-
It is known as a public fact in the country
that this nominee of the President was rejected,
and then he nominated another man for the
office who had been a soldier in the Mexican
war. a gallant colonel in the late war, who had
led his regiment into bloody fields with the mo-t
distinguished bravery, gallantry, and good con-
duet. both in East Tennessee and southern Ten-
nessee aud northern Alabama ; and at Re&aea
de la Palma he led hi-s regiment with a; much
gallantry and rendered as much effective ser-
vice on that hard-fonghl field a« any colonel
ill ir—a modest Soulier, an intelligent lawyer,
