1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
851
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Tbe Senate resumed the consideration of |
executive business; and after some time spent j
therein, the doors were reopened, and the
Senate adjourned.
Friday, April 19, 1867.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Git a"?, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
PRINTING OP THE RULES.
Mr. ANTHONY. I offer the following res-
olution, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the resolution of the 6th instant,
directing the printing of five hundred copies of the
rules of the Senate with the Constitution and Man-
ual, be, and the same is hereby, rescinded, and that
there be printed two hundred and fifty copies of the
rules for the use of the Senate.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. POMEROY. I suggest, if the rules
are to be-in any way amended or changed,
whether that ought not to be done before we
make an order to print them.
Mr. ANTHONY. That is the object of the
resolution. There was a resolution passed on
the 6th instant ordering the printing cf an
edition of the Rules and Manual. This reso-
lution rescinds that, strikes out the Manual
altogether, and reduces the number of copies
of the rules to be printed to two hundred and
fifty. There are none now extant. It is thought
so important a matter as revising the rules of
the Senate would hardly be concluded and
agreed upon by the Senate until some time in
the course of the next session, and it would be
very desirable to have some copies of the rules,
especially when considering the report that
may be brought in as to the old rules. This
reduces the number and strikes out the Manual.
llr. POMEROY. I supposed every Senator
had one copy of the rules at least.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think not. There are
no copies of the rules as they are now, because
they have been amended in very important
respects since the last edition was printed.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection to
printing two hundred and fifty of them.
The resolution was adopted.
REPORT ON INDIAN TRIBES.
Mr. HENDERSON. I offer the following
resolution:
1Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the
Senate two thousand additional copies of the report
of the Secretary of the Interior in response to the
resolution of the Senate asking information in refei-
ence to the several Indian tribes of the United States,
and that there be printed for the use of the said De-
partment five hundred extra copies thereof.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This reso-
lution, under the rule, goes to the -Committee
on Printing.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration
of executive business; and after some time
spent therein, the doors were reopened.
NOTIFICATION TO THE PRESIDENT.
On motion of Mr. ANTHONY, it was
Resolved, That a committee, consisting of two mem-
bers, be appointed to wait upon the President of the
United States and inform him that the Senate has
passed a resolution to close the present session by an
adjournment on Saturday at four o'clock p. m.; and
that unless he may have some further communica-
tion to make the Senate will, at the timo named,
adjourn without day.
Ordered, 'l'hat the committee bo appointed by the
Prcfaident pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Anthony and Mr. Johnson.
Subsequently Mr. ANTHONY, from the
eoniniit'oe appointed to wait upon the Prcsi-
Kidout and inform him that the Senate will,
in pursuance of its resolution of the 18th in-
stant, on to-morrow at four o'clock adjourn
without day unless he may at that time have
some further communication to make, reported
that the committee had performed the duty
assigned them; that the President had re-
quested them to inform the Senate that he
would to-day make some further executive
communications, but that at present he knew
no reason why the Senate should not adjourn
at the time fixed by its resolution of the 18th
instant.
RECESS.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Ordered. That the Senate take a recess to-day from
five o'clock until seven and a half o'clock p. in.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
executive business. At five o'clock the doors
were reopened, and the Senate took a recess
until seven and a half o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at seven and a half
o'clock p. m.
HOUR OF MEETING.
On motion of Mr. POMEROY, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourn to-day it
be to meet to-morrow at eleven o'clock a. m.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
executive business. At ten o'clock and thirty-
five minutes p. m. the doors were reopened,
and the Senate adjourned.
Saturday, April 20, 1867.
The Senate met at eleven o'clock a. m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
REPORT ON INDIAN TRIBES.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
additional copies of the report of the Secre-
tary of the Interior in reference to the several
Indian tribes of the United States, have in-
structed me to report it back without amend-
ment and recommend its passage. I ask for
its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the
Senate two thousand additional copies of the report
of the Secretary of the Interior in response to the
resolution of the Senato asking information in ref-
erence to the several Indian tribes, &nd that there
be printed for the use of the said Department five
hundred extra copies thereof.
The resolution was adopted.
EXTENSION OP THE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. POMEROY, it was
Resolved, That the time fixed for the adjournment
of the present session of the Senate sine die be
extended until five o'clock p. m.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was agreed to ; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened.
MEDIATION IN MEXICO.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following res-
olution ; which was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed:
Resolution proposing the good offices of the United
States between the contending parties of Mexico.
Where.is the republic of Mcxico, though relieved
from the presence of a foreign enemy by the final
withdrawal of the French tioops, continues to be
convulsed by a bloody civil war, in which Mexicans
are ranged on opposite sides; and whereas the Uni-
ted States aie bound by neighborhood and republican
sympathies to do all in their power ior the welfare
of the Mexican people, and this obligation becomes
inoro urgent from the present condition of affairs.
where each party is embittered by protracted con-
flict: Therefore,
Be it resolved, That it is proper for the Government
of theUnited States, acting in the interest of human-
ity and civilization, to tender its good ouices by way
of mediation between the contending parties < t i.io
republic of Mcxieo, in order to avert a cteploranle
civil war, and to obtain the establishment ot repub-
lican government on a foundation of peace and
security.
Mr. HENDERSON submitted the following
resolution, intended to be proposed by him us
a substitute for the resolution offered by Mr.
Sumner; which was ordered to lie on the
table, aud be printed :
Resolved by the Senate of the United States, That in
case Maximilian shall at an early day see fit to
abdicate bis authority in Mcxieo, and shall signify
a desire to withdraw himself and his foreign troops
from the country, to the end that civil war may be
at once terminated, the Senate would be gratified
that tho President would tender the good offices of
our Government to sccure at the handsofthe repub-
lican government of Mexico for the native folloivcis
of Maximilian such kind and humane treatment as
characterizes the conduct of civilised warfare.
MEDIATION BETWEEN FRANCE AND PRUSSIA.
Mr. COLE submitted the following resolu-
tion :
Whereas a misunderstanding exists between Prus-
sia and France, springing out of the ownership of
tho Grand Duchy of Luxemburg, and war between
those Powers is imminent: Therefore, _
Resolved, That the Government of the_ United
States be requested to offer its friendly mediation to
the end that the effusion of blood may be avoided,
EXTENSION OF THE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. MORGAN, it was
Resolved, That the time fixed for the adjournment
of the present session of tbe Senate sine die foe fur-
ther extended until nine o'clock p. m.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The Senate resumed tffe consideration of
executive business. At five o'clock the doors
were reopened, and, on motion of Mr. Fus-
senden*. the Senate took a recess until eight
o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at eight o'clock
p. m., and resumed the consideration of exec-
utive business; and after some time spent
therein, the doors were reopened.
MEDIATION IN MEXICO.
Mr. JOHNSON submitted the following
resolutions; which were ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed :
Whereas during the civil war in Mexico the Gov-
ernment of the United States, acting in pursuance
of its Ions and firmly established policy, has retused
■in any way to acknowledge the imperial govern-
ment, of which the Archduke Maximilian was the
head, but, on tho contrary, continued to recognize
the republican government of that country as the
only legitimate government, and by this conduct has
done much to frustrate the attempt of Maximilian
and his supporters to overthrow such government,
it is the opinion of the Senate that tlie Government
of the United States should adopt every proper
measure to avert the unnecessary further effusion
of blood, and to restore at the earliest moment peace
to that now distracted land ; Therefore,
Resolved by the Senate of the United States, That the
President be, and he is hereby, requested to offer to
the contending parties the friendly mediation of tho
United States, so as to bring the civil war to a termi-
nation on terms honorable to both, and to secure to
the native followers of Maximilian, and all foreign
citizens and subjects residing in that country, tho
benefit of the laws of civilizcd warfare: it being un-
derstood, however, that such mediation is tendered
with tho understanding that Maximilian shall abdi-
cate his assumed authority, and that he and his for-
eign troops shall leave the country at the earliest
practicable day.
Resolved, That the Secretary communicate a copv
of these resolutions to the President of the United
States.
EXECUTIVE SESSION. .
The Senate resumed the consideration of
executive business. The hour of nine o clock
having arrived.,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, in pursu-
ance of the resolution of the 18th instant,
declared the Senate adjourned sine die.
