APPENDIX
TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
40th cong.... 1st sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Burr.
ho. of keps.
Reconstruction.
REMARKS OP HON. ALBERT G. BURR,
of illinois,
Is thehouse op representatives,
July 9, 1867,
on the bill supplementary to an ant entitled "An
act to provide for the more efficient government of
the rebel States," passed on the 2d day of March,
1867, and the act supplementary thereto, passed on
the 23d day of March, 1867.
Mr. BURR. Mr. Speaker, when the bill to
which the one now pending is a supplemental
amendment was before the. House debate was
prevented by the previous question, and now
all amendments are cut off by the same rule,
though as a matter of gracious permission we
have brief opportunity to give our views on the
amendatory act pending and assign reasons
controlling our votes on its passage. I am,
sir, opposed to the bill now before us, as I was
to the two bills preceding it on the same sub-
ject. Sir, the country was justly alarmed when
by solemn vote the Congress declared ten
States out of the Union, their municipal or-
ganizations subverted, and their inhabitants
denied representation in this body. And when
by farther vote the Congress declared that the
people of those ten former States should be
denied self-government and held subject to the
military law as expounded and enforced by
district commanders, without limitation on the
one hand or the right of appeal on the other,
the alarm of the people was largely mingled
with indignation at the legislative usurpation
that dared strike at American freedom in the
person of even the humblest American citizen.
These acts were passed before the recess, in
March, and as an illustration of what I meant by
public alarm and indignation'being aroused by
it, let me ask your attention to the elections
immediately succeeding. In the State of Con-
necticut a defection from the dominant party
occurred sufficient to change it from the con-
trol of Radicals and place its State interests
in the hands of Democrats, as also to displace
three Republican members of the Thirty-Ninth
Congress and fill their places with Democratic
Representatives in this Fortieth Congress. In
further answer to your radical legislation Ken-
tucky, by her recent election of members to
this Congress, condemns in every district the
mad fanaticism controlling the partyin power.
In my own proud Illinois, at an election held
in June in one of the three grand divisions of
the State for member of our supreme court, in
a district giving my colleague [Mr. Logan"]
last fell several thousand majority, the Radicals
seeming to rely on that majority for party suc-
cess, made party nominations for judge and
clerk, and the people ignored both by a ma-
jority of about five thousand. Why these
reverses? It is, sir, because you are presum-
ing, in a part of our jurisdiction, to subvert
40tti Cono. 1st Sess.—No. 1.
civil government and substitute in its stead an
unlimited military despotism; and the people
read danger in the record you are making, and
will, I trust, in time avoid the danger by sup-
pressing its authors. Monstrous as was the
legislation to which I have referred, violating
not only the spirit but the very letter of the
Constitution, you are not content, but now pro-
pose still more obnoxious provisions in the same
direction, under pretense of defining or ex-
plaining the latent or concealed meaning of
the original measure. And according to the
terms of the bill now pending what was the
meaning or intent of the bill to which this is
an amendment? The very first clause in this
bill declares it "to have been the true intent
and meaning" of the two bills of March 2
and 23, "that the governments then existing
in the rebel States of Virginia, North Carolina,
South Carolina, Georgia, Mississippi, Alabama,
Louisiana, Florida, Texas, and Arkansas were
"illegal and void."
Now, sir, so far from its being true that
those two acts, respectively, of March 2 and
23 considered those governments as "illegal
and void," they directly and in terms recog-
nized and sanctioned their existence. You,
sir, of the majority were not then ready to do
even from policy what you now dare to do from
a pressing political necessity. You were not
ready to declare in direct terms that no gov-
ernment should exist south of a given point
except that of a dictator, nor dared you then
proclaim that all law in that region should
emanate from the unbridled will of one man,
and that man a stranger to the people whom
he is sent to govern. But as it seems yon are
now ready to take the full measure of respon-
sibility, let us fully understand what is now
embraced in the act before us, in order that its
"true intent and meaning" may not remain
concealed until still later legislation shall
bring its beauty to the light.
It overthrows all the State governments in
ten States, and declares illegal all the muni-
cipal organizations within those States, and
places the people of that portion of the Union
embraced in those ten States completely under
the control, or in the language of the bill itself,
"subject in all respects to the military com-
manders of the respective districts."
It authorizes these " military commanders"
to fill, by appointment, absolute and without
responsibility to others, all the positions of
honor, trust, or profit necessary to the enact-
ment, interpretation, and enforcement of law.
It enables them to create new offices at will,
filling them with chosen favorites, and author-
izes them to exact from the defenseless inhab-
itants the same slavish obedience to such irre-
sponsible deputies as to themselves.
It authorizes these same "military com-
manders" to "prohibit, suspend, or set aside"
any act or proceeding, whether of a legislative
or judicial character, ^hich may be to them-
selves distasteful, whether the public welfare
be involved in such proceeding or not, thereby
enabling them to review and reverse all laws,
whether statutory or otherwise, regulating per-
sonal liberty, inheritances, marriage, and rights
of every conceivable nature.
It makes the "boards of registration" act-
ing under their direction sole and exclusive
judges of the qualifications of voters; and
provides that "said boards of registration
shall not be bound or governed in their action
by any opinion of any officer of the United
States Government."
It deprives even the United States courts
of the right to inquire by legal proceeding into
the regularity of official action of any com-
mander or any officer or person acting by his
authority.
It makes the position of such commander a
life office, by providing that, except with the
prior advice and consent of the Senate, no com-
mander shall be removed "unless by sentence
of court-martial he shall be cashiered or dis-
missed from the Army, or unless he shall con-
sent to be so relieved."
All these privileges and this vast and alarm-
ing amount of absolute and irresponsible power
is vested in the military commanders during a
time of profound peace, when our flag floats
without obstruction over every foot of our public
domain, and when writs of courts can be served
and will be obeyed with equal promptness in
Florida as in Ohio, and in Texas with much
more alacrity than formerly they were obeyed
in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
Why, then, this usurpation of power and this
vast military establishment at a cost of millions
of money, wrung from the hard earnings of the
people? Is it the exercise of a "just power,"
"derived from the consent of the governed? "
No ; for they protest against its exercise and
adjure you by the ties of a common humanity
to forbear in your tyrannical conduct. Is it to
preserve peace? No; for the peace is not
threatened by them ; and we have high radical
authority for saying that they are not only a
thoroughly conquered, but abjectly and sla-
vishly helpless people. "What, then, is the pur-
pose of this legislation creating standing armies
and making the military superior to the civil
power—or rather making the military the only
power— in one third of the Union? Is it be-
cause rebellion once existed there ? Have you
not laws already in force to punish ^crimes
against the Government? If these laws be
enforced and these burdens be placed on the
people because of their treason and as a pun-
ishment for their rebellion, then they are ex
post facto, and therefore unconstitutional.
Not, therefore, as a safeguard to peace nor as
a punishment for crime are these laws passed
and the grievous burden of taxation imposed
on the people, but for a purpose very different
from either. Yrour real design is to make these
laws supplemental and auxiliary to the Freed-
