18G7.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
40th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Ohanler.
Ho. of B,bps.
unerring truth of Holy Writ, when it prophet-
ically pronounces that "They who sow the
wind shall reap the whirlwind." I would that
any feeble words of mine could induce the
majority upon this floor to pause and consider
the portent of these inspired words before they
heedlessly, and may I not say sacrilegiously,
rush into their violation. I know full well that
this and similar acts of legislation, to strip the
President of the high prerogatives of his office
are intended to be but temporary in their oper-
ation ; that they are directed rather against
Andrew Johnson the man than against Andrew
Johnson the President of the United States.
I know well enough that as soon as you shall
have elected, as you hope to do, a President
after your own choice, you will hasten to repeal
these acts of usurpation even more speedily
than you have enacted them. But is it not
possible, nay, probable, that when that time
shall have come you may not possess the power
to undo your present work? You cannot always
expect to retain your absolute control of both
branches of Congress. Even now it is begin-
ning to give way, and the time may come much
sooner than you are prepared for it, when the
people in their sovereign power will drive many
of you from the seats you now hold, and fill
your places with men of different political
views, clothed with the authority which an out-
raged constituency has a right to give them,
to commend the poisoned chalice to your own
lips, and compel you to drink the draught.
God forbid, sir, that any party that may here-
after gain the ascendancy in the Congress of
the United States should follow the revolu-
tionary example which is now being set. But
should that ever be, gentlemen upon the other
side may have to remember, in sorrow and in
anguish, that the immutable laws of nature and
of nature's God have decreed—"Asye sow, so
shall ye reap."
I am aware, sir, that the fiat has gone forth.
This iniquitous bill is to pass—it is to ■become
a law, so far as the action of Congress can give
it validity. To say more would be but to beat
the empty air. Thankful, therefore, for the
privilege that has been granted me of uttering
these few words of protest, and for the right
which the Constitution has guarantied to me
of recording my vote against the bill now pend-
ing, I resume my seat.
Reconstruction.
SPEECH OF HON. J. W. CHANLER,
OF NEW YORK,
Iw the House or Representatives,
July 8, 1867,
Oil the bill supplementary to an act entitled "An
act to provide for the more efficient government of
tli£ rebel States," passed on the 2d day^if March,
1867, and the act supplementary thereto, passed on
the 23d day of March, 1867.
Mr. CHANLER. Mr. Speaker, I think
every member of this House must at once
admit the manifest propriety of a recommit-
ment of this bill at this time. Ample oppor-
tunity should be afforded for its full and care-
ful consideration. The history of the preced-
ing measures of a like character, measures
hurried through under the most stringent party
pressure, and the consequences that flowed
from our hasty legislation, ought to suffice for
this body and the country that this bill ought
to be recommitted, and, in my humble judg-
ment, not only recommitted and postponed
till to-morrow, but postponed indefinitely. A
measure of such vital importance pught^ to
have the fullest consideration and deliberation
at our hands ; nor should it even be allowed,
in my judgment, to pass this House except
under pressure of the weightiest demands for
the public safety, in view of an array of facts
as strong as Holy Writ; but debate and delib-
eration, and a calm, reliable statement of facts
upon such an important measure as this seems
to be the last of all considerations that occur to
committees reporting such bills to the House.
Nor has any authorized report or proper demand
for this supplementary bill been filed upon the
Journal, laid before the House, or submitted
to our consideration at this time by the com-
mittee reporting this supplementary bill. Sir,
the whole country is now reaping the bitter
fruit of your haste heretofore. Nor is this the
only harvest which the aged chairman of the
committee has sown for posterity to reap. He
is passing away, having accomplished, it may
be, an act of vengeance ; it may be, the gratifi-
cation of personal hatred ; it may be, a great
philanthropic measure. Time alone will prove
it, and in the future will his name stand re-
corded with these measures and their results.
I know he courts the condemnation and rep-
robation of those who differ from him, and he
professes to look to the future for his reward.
There let him seek it.
But, sir, there are others interested in this
measure who are not here to speak, and whose
future is locked up in the results of the present
action of Congress. I refer to the youth of
the South. I do not allude to those who have
passed through the rebellion, taking an active
part against this Government, and stand to-day
as criminals before the law as participators in
the rebellion, but of the youth who took no
voluntary part against the Onion. Such a
measure as this materially affects every young
man who may present himself at the ballot-
box. It renders him liable, without any con-
tamination resting upon him, to pass through
the ordeal which this bill creates, without trial,
on mere parol evidence, before no jury, but
at the will of a military subordinate, hired to
act as an inquisitor, and upon mere suspicion
he can be disfranchised, and there is no ap-
peal. That, sir, is the refinement of legisla-
tive cruelty. There is no argument upon
which this measure can be based which will
extenuate the results which will be inflicted
upon that portion of the southern community.
If the right to vote be an inalienable right, as
claimed by the majority of Congress, this de-
priving a citizen of thai right and branding him
as a criminal without any wrong fully proved is
treason against our laws and against the rights
of man. It will not affect alone those born on
southern soil, but those who may migrate to
the South. It affects alike the black, whom
the majority hero pretend to seek to protect,
and the white, both native and naturalized.
In that point of view I declare this measure
hasty and unwise, unnecessary and unjust.
But, sir, the object of this bill is professedly
for reconstruction, for the reorganization of
southern society and the reestablishment of
the Union. Sir, I believe that when this Gov-
ernment has to seek for its safety in the pas-
sage of such measures as this its liberty is
deadandits existence in jeopardy. For a mili-
tary commander, created under a past special
necessity, to be allowed by a measure such as
this to hold within his grasp the rights and des-
tinies of the people whom he may be sent to
rule over is inconsistent with the principles of
the Declaration of Independence.
I repeat, sir, the policy and laws passed by
the majority of Congress are in spirit and effect
tyrannical. They carry the brand of tyranny
upon their front, and we recognize that brand,
by the eye of experience, as the same which
marked the laws of the Parliament of Great
Britain, which drove these Colonies to the
Declaration of Independence. Read that
glorious document and sacred testament of
the fathers of the Republic to all posterity.
The record of the oppressive acts of Great
Britain have a most startling and offensive
likeness to the acts, general orders, and sup-
plementary acts with which the people of the
southern States are made to yield submission
and obedience to our Government. We "liavo
affected to render the military independent of,
and superior to, the civil power." We "have
dissolved representative houses repeatedly for
opposing, with manly firmness, the invasions
on the rights of the people." We "have
erected a multitude of new offices, and sent
' thither' swarms of officers to harass our peo-
ple and eaUput their substance." We " have
quartered large bodies of armed troops among''
them. We " have deprived them, in many cases,
of the benefits of trial by jury." We have taken
away their charters, abolishing their most val-
uable laws, and altering, fundamentally, the
powers of their governments. We have sus-
pended their own Legislatures, declaring our-
selves invested with power to legislate for
them in all cases whatsoever. We have ex-
cited domestic insurrection among them by
inaugurating a war of races. Sir, we have
done all these things against a portion of the
American people, not in time of war, not when
they were in rebellion against the United States,
but in time of profound peace, after a series of
glorious victories, when that people had laid
down their arms and were literally prostrate at
our feet, begging for bread and the right to live
among us. We have not only enjoyed the
glory of a complete triumph, but we have
gloated on our victory with the cruelty of a
tyrant. Such is useless tyranny; we have
nothing to fear.
In a word, your policy, Mr. Speaker, as I
understand it and read it in your acts and laws,
is in direct hostility to the Bill of Rights; over-
rides the Constitution and makes void the
whole scheme of representative government.
Sir, you are seeking, not the restoration of this
Union, not the reorganization of society, the
revival of commerce, and reestablishment of
law in the southern States, but you are seeking
to secure a new constituency for the Repub-
lican party, to give a new life to your party
organization, and to increase the power which
you now hold over the conquered people of the
South and over the whole Union; imitating
the tyrant who sent his armed legions to oppress
the Colonies in 1776. Sir, you are demon-
strating your reckless disregard for the liber-
ties of the people, whom you pretend to protect,
by trampling on the fundamental principles of
justice upon which those liberties were founded,
and without which all claim to free government
is a mockery and a snare. You are seeking to
restore society; to restore society through
men who are sent by political organizations for
the purpose of preserving their party power
here in Congress by crushing out free opinion
and the right to vote among the people. Is
this Congress the pivot of American society?
Has it come to this, that the American Gov-
ernment issuing from this Capitol essays with
armed hand to strike down those who dare to
differ with the party in power here as to the
proper person to represent a constituency in
the American Congress?—ay! or in the hum-
blest capacity in the State governments through
alarge portion of this Union? Will the society
which you thus reconstruct be worthy of this
labor of the American Congress, and will the
States you thus restore be a fit home for the
children of the freemen of the North, to say
nothing of those whom you have disfranchised
at the South?
Sir, it is the painful duty of the minority on
this floor to raise the voice of perpetual com-
plaint against this cold-hearted and reckless
party legislation. It is painful, for it coraes
from those who, elected to meet you here in
debate, are allowed no other right to protest
except the right to resent your assaults and
insinuations that we are arguing in defense of
criminals and not for the protection of citi-
zens. Sir, so long as an opportunity is given
to the minority to maintain and defend the
Constitution from misinterpretation by ibis
