APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 8,
Ho. of Reps.
Reconstruction—Mr. Chanter.
40th Cons....1st
majority, so long I, for one, deem it an honor
to be classed in any category rather than that
of those who pass such measures as this. I
am proud of your denunciation, but -still more
proud of the privilege of opposing your usurpa-
tions of power and encroachment upon the
rights of a free and brave people, 'irrespective
of the section where they live or the errors
they may have committed.
But yon profess by this act to protect the
sacred right of the ballot. You propose to
give to the soldier the power to protect the
citizen in carrying about him the armor of his
franchise and the sacred weapon of the ballot,
which the law gives him to protect himself
with against tyrants of every grade, and above
all against the military tyrant. How absurd!
How inconsistent with personal independence
is a law which in time of peace gives to the
soldier the right to say to the citizen, "You
shall or you shall not do so and so; you shall
or shall not vote!" Examine the provis-
ions of this supplementary bill; mark well the
sweeping and limitless power of the military
commander. Section by section it strikes at
the most valued and sacred rights of a free
man by robbing him of the only security the
wisdom and cunning of statesmen and patriots
have devised to protect the citizen from the
proud oppressor and brutal soldier. Here all
the inventions of tyranny arc condensed in a
scheme of treachery. The power of the peo-
ple is betrayed into the hands of military des-^
potism under the false plea of public safety,
law, and peace. That, sir, seems to me to be
the spirit of this bill. No plea of necessity has
been or can be advanced. The only argument
advanced by the majority, so far as I have been
able to understand it, is that the lawful execu-
tive authority of the country differs with the
Legislature in regard to the carrying out of a
certain law; and in carrying our that law the
Executive has exercised the powers vested in
him by the Constitution, having during a re-
cess of Congress consulted the proper legal
authority allowed him by special act of Con-
gress for this and similar purposes. And be-
cause of this difference between two branches
of the Government the whole machinery of the
military organization is brought to bear upon
the citizens of this section of the country, and
it is urged that it is for the protection of the
ballot, that it is to protect the organization of
society, that it is for the preservation of the
Union. Sir, because two branches of the Gov-
ernment differ; because two branches of the
dominant political party differ; because the
Vice President, elected by your own votes,
placed in the position he now holds by your
suffrages, in carrying out the policy of your
own party differs with you, instead of striking
at him you strike & blow for political and parti-
san purposes at the votes of a whole section of
this Union; you strike a cruel and tyrannical
blow at the people.
When may we hope that this reconstruction
will begin? Your action has been, step by
step, by crooked and indirect paths, to crawl,
crab-like, half backward, half sideways, over
this whole subject, without advancing at all in
the direction of reconstruction, but in fact
steadily advancing to the grand central point
of a centralized military despotism, the subor-
dination of civil authority to military author-
ity, the humiliation of the citizen, and the
undue elevation of the military commander.
That has been the practical working of all that
you have presented on the subject of recon-
struction. At first it was placed upon the
ground of philanthropy toward the negro ;
but of late that distinguished citizen of your
model Republic has rather given you the slip,
and, according to the latest accounts, is setting
up a kingdom for himself. If the reports we
hear are true, and the press is reliable, along
the coasts of Georgiaand Florida a black King
John has been reared as a magnificent tribute
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Keiaes",] and these negro citizens, endowed
with the suffrage by his magnanimity, his
genius, and his eloquence, turning away from
republicanism, are rallying around a dusky
chieftain from Africa, a descendant of the
royal blood of Ashantee. They want none of
your legislation. They repudiate the dominion
of the chairman of the House Committee on
Reconstruction. All they want is liberty in
idleness, and the privilege of governing them-
selves in their own way and after the customs
of their African ancestors. And you propose
to reconstruct the continent of North America
upon the suffrage of the African race! Yes,
you do; there is the gist of the whole matter.
That is the secret of your military laws. You
propose, through your central political organ-
ization here, by all the political and personal
influence you can bring to bear, to rule the South
through the African vote. In the name of con-
science, when will the people of this Union, who
are panting for peace, and praying to God to
send them peace, have peace under your oper-
ations? Why did not the eloquent gentleman
from Pennsylvania, and the other eloquent
gentleman from the other end of the Capitol,
who was in such hot haste to instruct the negro
in his rights—why did they not leave this issue
to the development of time ? Why, soon after
the recess of this Fortieth Congress, did those
missionaries to their fellow-citizens of African
descent rush to the southern States and com-
mence to stupefy and confuse the negro mind
with their speeches? The whole question had
been set at rest as to negro suffrage. The
white men .at the South only wanted bread and
rest from civil war. Wrhat organization is
there, save their own and the divisions in it,
powerful enough to disturb the country, or in-
terfere with the reorganization of the southern
States ? There are not here to-day, in either
House of Congress, representatives of the
niinority enough to agitate any political ques-
tion which need give these worthy gentlemen
one moment's apprehension. Your military
commanders hold full and undisputed sway
over every department south of the Potomac;
all civil government is dead so far as a Re-
publican decree in caucus can make it. Why,
then, did these Congressmen become the un-
welcome disturbers of the public peace when
all were weary of the protracted strife of civil
war?
Their only object seems to have been polit-
ical agitation, agitation which shall last from
this day forth until that meeting of the Elec-
toral College which shall nominate a successor
to the present President, and dispose of the
power, patronage, and control of this Govern-
ment for four years more. That is the truth
as I firmly believe. It required no invasion
of the South at this time by those worthy Con-
gressmen to save the Union. The whole land
was at peace; we were even adding new ter-
ritory to our northwest boundary, through the
skillful diplomacy of their own Secretary of
State, one of the pioneers in their organiza-
tion, without drawing the sword, and even
using fewer flourishes of his brilliant and busy
pen than at any previous period of this Admin-
istration. The Indian tribes and the contract-
ors for whisky and fire-arms have raised some
slight disturbance, it is true. But with this
exception, the whole Union is at peace within
itself; strong at home, respected abroad, with
no enemy worthy of the name to threaten our
people, except, perhaps, the restless dema-
gogues who are continually rousing the bad
passions of two hostile races by laws and
speeches fatal to our domestic peace and pub-
lic safety.
There is not a shadow of a reason for dis-
turbingthe South by such measures as this,
unless to gratify the bitter rancor of past polit-
ical associations or to satisfy.the longings of a
present wicked ambition. The new constitu-
ency thus created are ignorant enough, stupid
enough, and may be made bloody-minded
enough'to follow the cry of anarchy where
ever it is raised. Brought into being by you,
they stand ready to do your bidding. Why,
sir, when the illustrious statesmen of Massa-
chusetts leave their acropolis to collect votes
among the late slaves of the South, do they
forget the standard of intelligence fixed there
by law entitles a freeman to vote among their
home constituencies? There the spelling-book
and the "Boston primer are the two books of
modern salvation from all political sins. They
cleanse the leper of his spots. To be ignorant
of how to spell is to be unfit to associate with
a Senator of Massachusetts in his own State;
but in any southern State to be ignorant is
virtue,' and a claim to his respect, esteem,
and eloquence. To be a citizen at the North,
where white men claim the majority, accurate
knowledge of grammar, reading, writing, and
arithmetic are needed; but at the South, where
the negro is to be master, one may talk mumbo
jumbo and be accepted within the pale of your
civilization as an equal and a voter, and he is
better thau a white man, according to the logic
(provided always the negro vote your ticket at
your dictation) of some gentlemen on this floor
on the Administration side. If you can elect
the coadjutor of the Massachusetts statesman
and of the Pennsylvania statesman into the
Halls of Congress through the ignorant con-
stituency of freedmen, then it is all right; but
when you come to measure the capacities of
an intellectual constituency a man must read,
write, and cipher, or he is damned forever
politically.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman yield
to me for one moment?
Mr. CHANLER. With great pleasure.
Mr. KELLEY. I would like to inquire of
the gentleman whether a majority of the white
people of the South are familiar with the primer
and spelling-book; and whether the cen-
sus of 1860 does not show that in Alabama
there are more than thirty thousand, in North
Carolina forty-seven thousand, and in Virginia
seventy-four thousand free white adults who
can neither read nor write; and whether those
three States do not fairly represent the con-
dition of the whole southern people ?
Mr. CHANLER. They may ; yet all those
men vote. Therefore, that does not touch the
issue. The gentleman undoubtedly knows as
much as they, and they know as much as he.
He is welcome to the constituency of northern
Alabama, and he is welcome to the other con-
stituencies that he mentions.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman allow
me one further question?
Mr. CHANLER. Certainly. '
Mr. KELLEY. I desire to inquire whether
a colored man who was loyal to the flag, and
who canpot read, is not likely to vote as judi-
ciously as a white rebel unable to read, who
fought against his country and its flag?
Mr. CHANLER. Yes, sir; whenhe'votes
for the gentleman from Pennsylvania. We all
know that that is exactly the point. The gen-
tleman intends that they shall vote "judi-
ciously. ''
Mr. KELLEY. Still a third question, if
the gentleman will permit me. I wish to ask
the gentleman whether it is not within hia
knowledge, from universal report, that the
colored people, children and adults, are crowd-
ing the schools in the South in order that
they may learn to read the Constitution and
the laws, while the mass of the white people of
the South cannot be induced to enter those
schools or others?
Mr. CHANLER. No, sir; I do not know
it, nor does the gentleman know any such thing.
Mr. KELLEY. It is within my observa-
tion, and I have it by general report from the
South;
Mr. CHANLER. Public rumor often lies,
