1867 ]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
40m Cong. .. .Tst Sees.
Beconstructiortr—Mr. Ghanler.
Ho. of Reps.
and may be right or may be wrong. The
gentleman knows that perfectly well. I am
speaking of the facts, and not what people
may say.
Mr. lvELLEY. The- gentleman, I trust,
will allowme a single instant further; for I do
not desire to interrupt him without bis con-
sent. I do not appeal to public rumor. I
appeal to the reports of all the organizations,
benevolent, religious, or political* that have
attempted to disseminate instruction in the
South, to testify whether the colored people
do not crowd the schools, while the whites,
under the lead' of demagogues, refuse to avail
themselves-of the facilities for education.
Mr. CHANTjER. It may be or it may not be.
Whether the gentleman has satisfied himself
or not I do not know; that is with himself.
What it has to do with the present question I
cannot see. What I say is, that the South has
the right to vote, and I want the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to accord that right to it
as freely as he accords it to Pennsylvania: It
is not my purpose, nor is it pertinent, to enter
into any statistical comparison as to the intel-
lectual capacity of the people in one section
with the people in another section. It has, sir,
nothing to do with the question before the
House. I was pointing out the inconsistency
of the Republican party in making mental
capacity a test against the northern _ voters,
when white men have the_ majority, ignoring
that test when negroes are in amajority at the
South. In legislating here we should make
laws for the country that have equal force and
extend equal justice to all its parts; and we
have no more right to force the constituency
of the South than we have to force the constit-
uency of Massachusetts or New York. When
Congress adopts a like standard for Massa-
chusetts that is adopted for the South it will be
time enough to enter into comparative statis-
tics as to the intelligence of the northern and
southern people.
Mr. KELLEY. I responded to the gentle-
'man, and only interrupted him because he
alluded to me. There is nothing in this bill, I
believe, which provides for an educational
standard. When he charged that a distin-
guished Senator and a member of this House
had hastened to appeal to ignorant voters, I
wanted to show him that if their appeals had
been, as they were not, to the colored people
alone, they had addressed that portion of the
population which is striving to acquire intelli-
gence, and not to those who are wholly indif-
ferent to the value of education.
Mr. CITANLER. Very well, then; the
gentleman from Pennsylvania has assumed the
responsibility of settling that question, and I
welcome hinx to all he has made by it.
Mr. Speaker, I say that by this bill the South
is forced to act and vote according to a standard
that is not forced upon any of the other States
of the Union. You ave seeking by military
despotism, under the false pretext of protecting
the ballot, to take the ballot away from the
white race and to give it to the black race.
You are giving it to a race that you have to
admit with all of your arguments is at least as
ignorant as the "poor whites," and then you
declare that the "poor whites" are rebels and
leave thsni out. The whole b&llot is thus left
with the black race whom you expect to carry
your candidates. That is it. It is a question
of political power. It is a tyrannical assump-
tion not warranted by the Constitution, the
disastrous consequences of which time will
prove. It is a tyrannical political machine; a
hydra-headed tyrant, whose soul is black with
the bitter hatred of the South because of polit-
ical defeats in the past. You who have stood
the brunt of past party strife as the minority m
the Halls of Congress, who had been stung, it
may be, witli insult and outrage from Kepre-
sentatives from the South, may still entertain
revengeful feelings. I admit that fC Senator
from Massachusetts had a load of outrage cast
upon him'to carry into the South and put-it
down there. , I admit that he has borne a load
of outrage put upon him by an insolent aris-
tocracy. But ought not your hatred to stop
now ? Is not your foot upon the neck of the
poor and defenseless' people of the South?
Did not you at the first portion of this session
feel called upon by a sense of humanity to
send bread to the starving South, which, after
the terrible ravages it had suffered by the war,
was about being depopulated by famine? I
again appeal to the nobler attributes of our
common nature. I ask that the policy of
hatred and revenge shall now end.
Why, sir, the late slaves of the southern people
now go through their streets as their masters.
The people of the South have called upon you to
send them a police to protect them from the
outrages of these very negroes whose passions
you have aroused against tliem. Are you not
content with having conquered them? Must
you disfranchise all who will not vote as you
wish? Must you carry out your system of
policy and deprive every man of the right to
vote merely because he does not come up to
the standard of patriotism which you prescribe?
By putting obstacles in the way of the white
people who have been accustomed to the use
of the ballot, and thus gradually absorbing all
the rights in the hands of the black race, you
expect to entirely destroy all political opposi-
tion. You know, then, that you may elect any
candidate and control any district. These Halls
will be filled with your tools. Do you suppose,
with such men in these Halls, that our laws
will be respected? Will such a body stand
before the world as an American Congress
representing the honest, free opinion of the
people ot' this Union? I do not believe it.
I do not believe in the expediency of any
such high-handed measures for the purpose of
any party retaining political power, or for the
purpose of satisfying political vengeance. And
these bills are brought in for no other purpose.
This is but one of a series. We have had
abundance of such stuff before. We had it in
reference to the Army during the war. We had
a provost marshal's department of the Govern-
ment. Men had then to carry the bayonet;
now j'ou command the people to surrender
.the ballot. You controlled them when they
were in the Army, and you would not let them
vote if they opposed your party then. You
refuse to let the people vote now unless they
acceptyour political organization as the source
of all power. By your law regulating the
enrollment of our armies you secured easy ma-
jorities to fill the Halls of Congress with your
partisans, but you completely failed through
that law to increase the national forces to main-
tain our armies in the field, or in fact, to do
any of the things the title of your bill pretended
to do. True, you filled your provost marshal's
Bureau with valuable political tools, and filled
the coffers of those bureaus with commutation
money wrung from the people under the pre-
tense of increasing the Army and putting down
the rebellion. By furnishing a substitute the
citizen could satisfyyour demands then. Three
hundred dollars was the price of your consid-
eration. Now there is no escape from the
insolence and inquisition of the military com-
manders in the departments of the South except
by voting as your political leaders may dictate.
Mr. Speaker, there is one view of that case
which I took at the opening of my remarks,
which I think of very vital importance and
worthy of review. I mean the element of
foreign immigration. From the condition of
Europe, the disturbance of the various nations
of that continent, a very great increase, accord-
ing to the statistics, of foreign immigration is
flocking to our shores. These immigrants have
their choice to seek a homo in the West, fol-
lowing the old beaten track,-or to spread along
the ranae of the Alleghanies or spurs of these
mountains that trend toward the Grulf of Mex-
ico, and so develop a new element in the
southern States and add new power and glory
to this Union. It is not necessary in the pres-
ence of the Representatives of the great West
to allude to the greatness and advantage of
that immigration, the absolute necessity af
encouraging it by making the immigrant satis-
isfied with his new condition, and ready to
develop the resources of the' country where he
may locate. - '
Now, the effect of such a measure as this
cannot fail to throw a blight upon any section
of country where any body of people in pur-
suit of personal liberty are called to settle.
Military despotism is the chief terror of the
European immigrant. His home is made
desolate by conscription, and when he exer-
cises any right of citizenship he is subordinated
in every respect to military power. Now,
yon propose to recreate upon this continent
a military system in the face of the influx of
foreign immigration under the plea of security
to the country, which practically will prevent
the development of the resources of a very
large portion of this Union. There is no
means of overcoming that innate prejudice
against the very system which this bill inau-
gurates except by its abolition. No argument
can induce the farmer, the miner, or mechanic
from Europe to put himself in the category of
suspected persons, liable to be marched off at
the option of a captain or major in the Army
to take his position back or front as the mili-
tary officer may choose ; for by this system,by
this supplementary act, you force him to take
that position which the military commander
chooses to give him among the people where
he is to dwell. The limitations upon the power
and caprice of the officers having charge of the
registration of voters and fixing the qualifica-
tions of voters under this bill arc too vague to
protect a stranger coming for the first time
into a disturbed district to vote. The truth
or falsehood of charges which may be made
against a person claiming to vote cannot be
fairly and fully decided on under this bill. It
is impossible for any honorable man to jeopard-
ize his character as to loyalty by coming in
contact with a set of low informers and petty
bullies such as this bill must bring to life and
clothe with power.
A large portion of the soldiers of whom you
speak so much have won the right to the bal-
lot, have won the right to partake of all the
privileges of citizenship by having fought in
the Army; and now when these men under your
invitation, endowed with the franchise which
your law has given them, go to that section,
their loyalty will not perhaps be questioned.
But they take the position of citizens not as by
right- nor as having won it by service in the
fie±d, but at the will and caprice of a military
commander. They are no longer citizens by
inalienable right, but the subjects of a polit-
ical organization. It is announced that this
meeting of Congress is for the purpose of
interpreting the laws. Sir, the laws have been
interpreted as you made them. They may be
right or they may be wrong. I do not enter
into a discussion as between your own officers
and yourselves. But, sir, as long as you seek
to interpret the law, it is but just that you
should first respect the power which creates
the law; and as all power under which we live
is based upon the individual independence of
the citizcn a Congress which violates the Bill
of Rights in the framing of a law to restrain
the right to the ballot commits a crime against
liberty.
With these remarks, sir, uttered under the
influence of a stern necessity to meet the issue
now presented on a question which strikes at
the vital liberties of my country, having thus
feebly endeavored to awaken in the minds of
the majority of this House a sense of the great
wrong they are about to perpetrate, as I hon-
