1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
40th Cons....1st Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Buckaleio.
-Senate.
Then, sir, in addition to what I have stated,
both the laws of the 2d and 23d of March con-
tained provisions regarding suffrage and other
matters with which my present argument is not
concerned.
Mr. President, the great material point
determined by the Attorney General, with the
concurrence of all the members of the Cabinet
(exceptone) andof the President of the United
States, and announced in a circular, was that
the military commanders had no power to
remove civil officers in those provisional gov-
ernments pending the proceeding of reorgani-
zation. Where was the power ever conferred
upon them ? Point me to any provision in
your legislation which looks to it. They did
not determine that if the military commander
proclaimed martial law the operation of those
provisional governments would not be sus-
pended. On the contrary, I think the Attor-
ney General affirmed that doctrine. Of course
that would be a reasonable construction of the
law, as I have already stated. But they ruled
and determined the point that so long as mar'-'
tial law was not proclaimed, so long as those
civil authorities did not interfere with the mili-
tary, they were independent of them; they
were for the time being provisionally there,
legally there, there under an act of Congress,
with powers restricted only so far as control
or power had been granted to the military
commanders in the acts of the 2d and 23d of
March. Can any man, much more a lawyer,
doubt that this was a just and proper construc-
tion of your laws? Now, consider the point.
The other questions determined in the opinion
of the Attorney General were either not vital
or are acquiesced in, and the decisions upon
them are comparatively unimportant. This is
the thing upon which the country was to be
aroused. This was the question upon which
we were brought here, the one used to provoke
this session of Congress, and it is the business
of one who disagrees in opinion and sentiment
with the majority to proclaim his opinion upon
it and the grounds upon which that' opinion has
been formed.
In the first place, as stated before, there was
no power in express terms conferred upon the
military commanders to remove any of those
officers. In the second place, the clause which
authorized them to cause criminals to be tried
in the civil courts there recognized those courts
as valid, at least for certain purposes. In the
third place, as stated before, the concluding
section of the act of 2d of March expressly de-
clared them provisional during the proceeding
of reorganization, and reserved to the United
States power to mold and to change and to
control them in future. This section, taken
alone, is conclusive against this power of re-
moval. If there be any force, any meaning in
your own laws, can you say that this power of
control and of modification as to those govern-
ments was reserved to the military commanders
by that section? Have we come to that stage
of degeneracy that a brigadier general in com-
mand of a district can quote. Louis XIV and
declare: "I am the State?" The power is
reserved to the United States, and to the
United States only, over those provisional
governments to control and modify thein. Is
that to be imputed to your brigadier or major
general in any one of these districts ? Is he
supreme and not you? Will you abdicate
your own manhood, your own functions, your
supremacy, your original authority, your
power of which you are proud, and bow meekly
before the authority of your own creature, who
went there by your command, and over whom
one would think your jurisdiction was com-
pletc ?
The supplementary act, also, which conferred
upon these military commanders new powers
is against the argument that they possessed
general and unlimited ones before. It proves
by every line and section in it relating to them
that before its passage they had no control and
no power whatever over the subject of recon-
struction. They could not appoint a register.
They could not issue an order for enumerating
voters. Theycould not issue an order or speak a
word officially concerning the holding ofan elec-
tion, norregulate a return. They could notinter-
fere with the making of a new constitution, nor
with its transmission to Congress. The very
fact that the supplementary act of 23d March
conferred powers upon them for regulating
reconstruction proves.that they did not possess
such powers before.
Then again, I took" occasion the other day to
recall attention to the amendment offered by
the Senator from Massachusetts, the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia at the last session of Congress, when
the reconstruction act was pending before this
body. He was dissatisfied with the volition
and freedom left to the inhabitants of the
southern country. He desired to bring them
more perfectly under our control and under
the military jurisdiction which we were then
about to set up. Consequently he proposed
that the tenure of office of all persons in au-
thority in the southern governments should
terminate at the expiration of ninety days from
the passage of the law, and he proceeded to
confer power upon the military commanders to
remove them, to enforce your law and give it
operation. What did you do? Did you adopt
his amendment ? Did you sanction his view ?
Did you participate in his feelings or in his
wishes upon that subject. No, sir. By an
almost unanimous vote you refused to termi-
nate those governments ; you refused to turn
out those officers; you refused to arm your
military commanders with jurisdiction and
power over them. And yet, after this delib-
erate and open rejection of the Senator's
amendment, we are to be toldtfiatany oneof our
commanders can remove civil officers at pleas-
ure, and can do it under the reconstruction
laws! And you are about to pass a bill de-
claring this to be a legal construction of those
laws. Sir, your declaration is against the fact,
against your own record, and against what
ought to be, if our proceedings are read, the
common knowledge of the American people.
The Senator from Illinois criticised the At-
torney General. I hold that the Attorney Gen-
eral was right in his opinion upon this question
of power, unquestionably right. If law be ca-
pable of construction, if the human mind be
capable of grasping the meaning of your en-
actments, he was right, and it was his duty to
pronounce that opinion as an honest man and
as a professional man standing as the princi-
pal law-officer of this Government, before the
American people.
The Senator from Illinois criticised the At-
torney General on another point. He said
that while the Attorney General held that _a.ll
the qualifications necessary for registration
were those enumerated in the oath contained
in the act of 23d of March, in reciting those
qualifications he left out a clause of the oath,
that clause which says if a person has held an
office as a member of a State Legislature, or
as an executive or judicial officer of a State,
and afterward engaged in the rebellion, he
shall be disqualified. _ Well, sir, that clause
was an amendment which was put upon a Sen-
ate amendment by the House of Representa-
tives. It never proceeded, thank fortune, from
any member of this body. We are guiltless of
originating at least that one absurdity in our
past legislation. Why, sir, does not every
school-boy in the country who_ reads the Con-
stitution in the course of his studies know
that every member of a State Legislature
and every executive and judicial officer in a
State is sworn to support the Constitution of
the United States; and that it always has been
so since the Constitution was adopted and be-
came our fundamental law? Consequently,
that clause is an absurdity. It was followed
by another clause, which was in the oath as
originally drawn by the Senator from Michi-
gan, [Mr. Howard,] that whenever a person
had been sworn as such an officer—enumerat-
ing those I have mentioned—and afterwards
engaged in rebellion, he shall be disqualified.
That covered the whole ease. The omission
by the Attorney General of noticing the prior
clause, the duplicate clause, the unnecessary
clause, the absurd provision, is brought up
gravely in criticism against him, and he'is to
be arraigned as knowing nothing of funda-
mental principle or of the laws of his country.
Sir, his opinion was exactly accurate ; and it
was all the more accurate and admirable for
ignoring that unmeaning and absurd provision
which was inserted by the House of Repre-
sentatives. It meant nothing, it could convey
no additional meaning or force to the section
in which it was placed.
Now, Mr. President, under what circum-
stances did the Attorney General, and others
associated with him in the Administration act?
Let us inquire that, in fairness, when you are
sending this bill forth to the public, to brand
them with usurpation, with misconstruction of
your laws, with obstructing the course of recon-
struction. Let us see under what circumstances
they acted, and see whether they are justified
in the forum of honest debate, whether their
course can be vindicated, or whether it shall
stand condemned upon the high and imperial
mandate of some sensation newspaper, which
assumes to itself to construe the laws and to
ignore the learned lights of the legal profes-
sion. We are very much at present under the
influence of sensation newspapers ; but their
authority upon questions of law or of constitu-
tional duty is not conclusive.
In the first place it is well known that instruc-
tions were asked of the War Department and
of the President by several of the military
commanders, perhaps all of them. The fact
is stated tyr the Attorney General in his opin-
ion. Therefore, the action of the Administra-
tion, the executive department of your Gov-
ernment, one of its principal branches, and
solemnly charged with the duty of seeing that
the laws be executed, was not volunteered ; it
was invited; it was asked for. And is it not
plain that there would have been a derelic-
tion, a failure of duty if there had been no
instruction issued, no advice given, no rule
prescribed?
In the next place, the executive depart-
ment of the Government was appealed to by
those officers who were displaced, by Governor
Wells, and by Judge Abell, and by others, who
complained that their legal rights had been vio-
lated and the laws of the country disregarded
by officers of the United States who had been
appointed by the President and were subject
to his orders.
- Again, let us consider how necessary and
indispensable it is that there should be uni-
formity of administration throughout the South;
that one set of rules should not prevail in
South Carolina, and another in Alabama, and
still another in Texas ; that conflicting deci-
sions should not be made by the military com-
manders and confusion thereby introduced.
What a disgrace, what a scandal to our Gov-
ernment this would be. It was necessary that
there should be uniformity of system; and
that uniformity of system could be obtained in
no other manner than by consultations of all
these commanders meeting together as a delib-
erative body to pass upon doubtful points, or
in the regular way by instructions to them from
the President through the War Department.
The latter was the constitutional and proper
mode of proceeding to secure correct, consist-
ent, and uniform administration of the laws,
and it was resorted to.
Again, sir, recollect that this administration
of the laws of the United States in those States
was executive business. It was to be per-
formed by appointees of the President of the
United States, and he was responsible to Con-
