4PPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
[July 12,
Ho. of Reps.
Reconstruction—Mr. Robinson.
40th Cons....1st Sess.
fress and to the American people for what was
one by them. It was his proper business to
see that they performed faithfully and fairly
all the duties which we imposed upon them by
our laws. He is Commander-in-Chief, and as
such charged with the duty of the superintend-
ence of the execution of the laws; and par-
ticularly is he charged with the execution of
the laws pertaining to our military service. It
is in his military capacity still more than in hia
civil capacity that the duty of superintendence,
of control, of command, and of regulation is
charged upon him. Although he is the civil
head, of the Government a large mass of the
public business in civil affairs is performed by
independent courts. But in the military branch
of the Government business his eye must reach
to the recesses of administration, to the ex-
tremities of the country, to the proceedings of
lieutenant as well as of general; he must
overlook your whole system and see to it that
the laws are executed, that subordination is
preserved, that justice (so far as the military
are concerned) is enforced, and that the rights
of the citizen are not" trampled upon, while the
just demands of the Government to his obedi-
ence are maintained with unflinching firmness
and rigor.
It is to be remembered also that the Supreme
Court of the United States, in a grave and
formal opinion delivered in the Mississippi case,
announced this very duty as binding upon the
President. He was instructed by the Supreme
Court, whose construction of your laws, if not
always conclusive upon other departments of
the Government, is always entitled to their
profound respect. He was instructed by your
Chief Justice, as the organ of the court, that it
was his duty to see that his subordinate com-
manders executed the law in a faithful manner,
and to excrcise over them the control neces-
sary to secure such execution. That declara-
tion of the court is very properly referred to
by the Attorney General iu his opinion.
_ Now,_ sir, these considerations constitute,
111 my judgment, a triumphant vindication of
what was done upon the ground of power,
upon the ground of right, upon the ground
ot public policy, upon every ground possible,
except perhaps party expediency. I have
heard some gentlemen complain that this
opinion was given because it afforded unjust
and artful men in the country an opportunity
for mischief; that such men were enabled to
misrepresent the views, objects, and action
of the executive department and to arouse
against all concerned in the performance of a
public duty in that department the hot and
heady passions of men who do not reason, but
who feel. But whether this complaint be just
or not we need not now inquire, because it does
not touch my argument upon its merits. It is
sufficient for my present purpose that the action
ot the Executive was in good faith and upon
sound convictions of public duty.
In fact, sir, has not the President acted
throughout with fidelity, if not in a spirit of
concession, to your views? What did he do,
sir, after your law was passed? Who did he
put m command in the southern country?
■ General Schofield, General Sickles, General
John Pope, General Sheridan, and, I believe,
General Ord. I hose were the commanders he
appointed to execute the powers created by
the act of 2d of March. Were they hostile to
you ? Were they men of doubtful antecedents?
Were they disposed to deal unjustly with your
political interests in that section? Did they
not go there with the intention of favoring the
designs of Congress ? Have they not partici-
pated m your feelings with reference to the
iuture 7 And had they not under your former
laws substantial control over the whole ques-
tion of reconstruction, which is so dear to your
hearts because it connects itself with future
power ?
Has the Administration put a finger upon any
one of those commanders to curb him in any
legitimate act connected with reorganization ?
Has the proceeding of registration been med-
dled with? Why look at the reports from
Mobile and from Savannah and from Rich-
mond and from Louisiana, and from districts
in which white populations largely preponder-
ate, if your census is to be trusted. Consider
the reports which come up to us of the prepon-
derance of colored votes upon the registrations.
Has not your system been administered by the
strong hand of military and friendly power from
the beginning, backed by your Freedmen's
Bureau and by contributions of millions from
your Treasury? Not yet satisfied with these
political advantages, (in addition to the public
considerations involved,) you are here to over-
rule the Attorney General upon questions of law,
and such questions "as I have discussed, upon
which the reason of the case and the letter of
the law confront you and proclaim unmistak-
ably that your session was ordered, and is now
held, not to vindicate your own laws, not to
rescue those laws from perversion and recon-
struction from obstruction, but that you might
mold reconstruction more completely to a pur-
pose of party, and secure your future control
in the Government of the United States.
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wil-
son] informs us with a glow of genial feeling
that three fourths of all these reconstructed
States are in the accurate line of loyalty and
of political action ; that at least that propor-
tion of them will come up here with constitu-
tions uncontaminated with any blot or stain
whatever, with the most salutary provisions,
and above all and beyond all with the right
men to represent them—" the friends of the
country.'' He wants to wipe out these provis-
ional governments, and renews hia amend-
ment for that purpose. He desires " to
use the patronage of those governments to
strengthen our friends." Well, sir, that is a
benevolent object'! We ought to do every-
thing possible to strengthen our friends ! The
military machinery, five brigadier or major
generals down South, with an infinite number
of registrars appointed, and with election offi-
cers appointed, and with Freedmen's Bureau
outlays and Freedmen's Bureau agents scat-
tered all over that country, are not sufficient
for our friends ; we must do a little more ; we
must seize upon these poor, petty, provisional
governments whose existence is already lim-
ited by law, and whose jurisdiction is exceed-
ingly curtailed by our former enactments, in
order to get a little patronage for "our friends;''
in order, I suppose, that the whole proceeding
of reconstruction shall be made perfect, that
there shall be general satisfaction in the coun-
try upon the completion of the work 1
Well, sir, I do not know that I care to inter-
rupt the good feeling which prevails, or seems
to prevail, by making impertinent or untimely
observations and by protracting arguments
which are useless and distasteful. What I
rose for mainly was to express my opinion
upon a few of the material points which have
been made the pretext for assembling the two
Houses of Congress at this unpropitious sea-
son _ of the year. My idea was to point out
the insufficiency of thereasons, the hollowness,
the unsubstantial character of the pretenses
upon which we are assembled together. I
suppose members of both Houses felt them-
selves called upon by a stimulated public or
party opinion to meet here. They thought
the people or a part of the people had got the
impression in some way or other that the
President and his Cabinet, and particularly
the Attorney General, (who is an admirable
man in the department of the law, but perhaps
not admirable as a politician,) that all these
high officialshad combined together to obstruct
the laws of Congress. Well, sir, I will say in
conclusion that I think the only obstruction
that will be interposed in the way of the exe-
cution of the acts of the 2d and the 23d of
March will be interposed by over-zealous
commanders who are to execute them, and by
Congress itself, which meets to undo its own
work under pretense of explaining it.
Re construction.
SPEECH OF HON. W. E. ROBINSON,
op new yoke,
In the House of Representatives,
July 12, 1867.
The House having under consideration the bill
supplementary to an act to provide for the more effi-
cient government of the rebel States-
Mr. ROBINSON said:
Mr. Speaker : I have desired to say a word
or two during these debates on the subject of
reconstruction, and now rise, not to make any
set speech, but merely to submit a few obser-
vations whicfc I deem pertinent to the occa-
sion.
_ What, sir, has brought ns together at this
time in extraordinary session of Congress?
Has anything been done by the South to pro-
voke it? Has any southern man or southern
woman or southern child done or said any-
thing calling for harsher laws than those we
have already imposed upon them ? No ; it is
merely because the proper officer of our Gov-
ernment has given a proper opinion on what
some call a very improper act of Congress,
that the representatives of the people and the
representatives of the States have been called
away from their pleasant homes to this hot and
dusty city in this heated term. You have not
oven the poor pretext of anything done by our
southern brethren for" this additional legisla-
tion, for they have submitted with unprece-
dented willingness to every enormity of legis-
lation put upon them.
Sir, a short time ago, during the present
Congress, the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens,] the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Bingham,] the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Butler,] and gentlemen from
every State in the Union then represented here
voted the sympathy of the American people
with the people of Ireland, suffering under the
cruel wrongs and oppressive laws which Eng-
land had inflicted upon her. That island is not
much larger than the first three districts of
New York, and has a population not exceed-
ing five or six millions. Every Representative
on this floor voted his sympathy with Ireland
in her sufferings from British oppression. But
here are ten States, with a population more
than twice the number of that of Ireland, and
ten or twenty times its extent; our own terri-
tory, our own people, under our own flag,
enduring oppression such as no British Gov-
ernment ever attempted to force upon Ireland.
Why, sir, have we not heard that a military
governor, under a law which we have now met
professedly to make more stringent and more
despotic, has removed municipal and State
officers without trial and without any given
reason? Have we not heard of a military gov-
ernor, under a law now to be made more severe,
who stopped a civic procession till they pro;
cured and consented to carry a certain flag, to
salute that flag, uncovering three paces before
reaching it, bowing their necks as they passed
it, and remaining uncovered three paces beyond
it? What would have been the consequences
if some poor fellow, blinded with dust and
bedizzened with its splendor, had made a mis-
step or a miscalculation of steps, and uncov-
ered only two and a half paces before approach-
ing, and bowed when half a pace beyond, I can-
not tell. But this I do know: that during the
seven centuries of British misrule in Ireland
no military commander ever dared to remove
from office without accusation and trial even
an alderman of Cork or Dublin, or any other
Irish city; and though the Irish people had
cursed the British flag in oratory and song, no
military governor or tyrant ever dared to ask
