1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
40th Cons....1st Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Robinson.
Ho. oi? Reps.
them to carry tliat flag in any of their proces-
sions or to uncover or bow their heads while
passing it. Oh, sir, it is a sorry spectacle to
see the Representatives of a Republican people
voting sympathy with the sufferers under the
misgovernment and oppression of our neigh-
bors while planning and perpetrating for our
own fellow-citizens acts of tyranny and mis-
government such as no monarch, emperor, or
tyrant ever yet inflicted upon a subjected peo-
ple, however rebellious they may have been.
If British rule in Ireland were as tyrannical as
ours is in these ten suffering States every man,
woman, and child in Ireland would be a Fenian.
It is with the deepest sorrow I make this asser-
tion. I do it to avert, if possible, the spirit of
oppressive legislation, which if practiced in
any other country would call forth our sym-
pathy for the sufferers and our condemnation
of the oppressor.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman yield
for a moment ?
Mr. ROBINSON. I will yield with pleas-
ure.
Mr. KELLEY. I beg leave to say to the
gentleman from Ireland [laughter] that no
longer ago than yesterday I introduced on this
floor a very devoted son of the Emerald Isle,
who has been for some years a naturalized
citizen of the United Suites and a resident of
the State of North Carolina, who appealed to
the various members to whom I introduced
him to overthrow by express letter everything
in the form of government in the South, save
the laws of Congress as administered by the
military commanders, and he presented to
these gentlemen, as well as to me, the argu-
ment that the very life was being crushed out
of every loyal man, not by the United States
Government, but by the pretended State and
local governments of the South. And the gen-
tleman will not, if he travels through the South,
find one out of every ten of the Irish Ameri-
can citizens there who does not look to Con-
gress to protect them from oppression greater
than they endured in Ireland.
Mr. ROBINSON. In reply to what the
eloquent gentleman from Pennsylvania has
said, I need only say that I doubt not there are
a thousand Irishmen to-day living under Brit-
ish rule, for whose victims we so recently unan-
imously voted the sympathy of the American
people, who would appeal to the British Par-
liament if introduced upon its floor to over-
throw by express letter everything but British
rule in Ireland as administered by her Castle-
reaghs and Derbys, and would present that
the very life would be crushed out of every
loyal man if the Fitzgeralds and Emmets and
O'Briens had succeeded in overthrowing that
British rule in Ireland, against which we so
recently and unanimously protested in this
House ; and the gentleman from Pennsylvania
will not, if he travels through Ireland, find one
out of every ten of the loyal men in Ireland
who feed and fatten on the patronage of Brit-
ish rule in their starving country who does
not look to the British Parliament to protect
them and preserve them from the calamity of
granting to Ireland her rights and liberties.
And it is noax-gumentto me that because some
Irishman, who has foresworn allegiance to Brit-
ish power and British law and fled from their
oppressions, has here become the apologist of
laws more galling and oppressive than those
whose authors he foreswore, that I should see
others faults and not my own ; that I should join
in voting condemnation on our neighbors and
cover up our own faults, equal, if not far tran-
scending theirs. I care not who such a man
is, he is nota true Irishman ; but a British—you
may fill up the blank as you please.
Mr. KELLEY. I did not say that that gen-
tleman said he had fled from the oppression he
speaks of. I apprehend that like the gentle-
man he came here because America was a freer
country than Ireland.
Mr. ROBINSON. I thank the gentleman
for that word '' was.'' It was a freer country.
I was here an old Clay Whig when the Demo-
crats were in power, daily protesting against
their attempts to infringe the rights of minori-
ties and trample down the safeguards of our
Constitution, but they never dared to trample
on the rights of their politieahopponents; they
never dared to override all constitutional pro-
visions to perpetuate their power, as the party
in a majority here are now doing. I was an
old-line Whig then, and I would be a recreant
and a coward if I failed to denounce now enor-
mities greater than those I then denounced.
Sir, I have some idea what these loyal south-
ern men are who come here to invoke oppres-
sion on their people. I know the power of
misrepresentation. I know the efforts made to
excite and keep alive a spirit of revenge against
the people of the South by personscalling them-
selves southern loyalists. I know the indigni-
ties heaped upon the southern people and the
threats made against them if they dared to com-
plain. I know that when the gentleman from
Pennsylvania made his speech to the people of
Mobile he said they must be quiet for he had
the military at his back. This must have been
very soothing and calculated to hasten recon-
struction when he informed them that it might
be necessary to urge home his arguments with
the bayonet.
Mr. KELLEY. I thank the gentleman for
raising that point, and beg him to yield for a
moment just here.
Mr. ROBINSON. Does the gentleman say
that he did not say so?
Mr. KELLEY. When the ery "Put him
down!" "Pull him down!" was raised, I
answered, "Gentlemen, you cannot put down
free speech by pulling me down. That is one
of the rights the exercise of which the Amer-
ican people established by the late war. You
will do nothing toward suppressing it by pull-
ing me down. You should bear in mind that
the fifteenth infantry are at my back as a repre-
sentative of that great principle, and if they
cannot maintain it in Mobile the United States
Army will." But that did not cause the riot.
I proceeded, and the riot did not commence
until a prearranged signal of two taps upon
a bell, a pause and then one tap was given;
then the gentleman's friends commenced
shooting at me.
Mr. ROBINSON. I throw back the impu-
tation with scorn upon the gentleman from
Pennsylvania that those who commenced the
riot were my friends. They were his friends
who commenced it, and I presume it could be
so proved if a proper committee were appointed
to investigate it. I had no friends there, and
the gentleman knows it.
[Mr. Stevens, of Pennsylvania, who had
taken a seat immediately in front of Mr.
Robinson, said something not heard by the
reporter. ]
Mr. ROBINSON. I have not time to
answer every question put to me, but if the
venerable and distinguished gentleman from
Pennsylvania has any question to ask me and
will state it so that I can hear it, I shall take
pleasure in trying to answer him.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I only
said if the balls were going to fly I would
rather be out of the way. [Laughter.]
Mr. ROBINSON. I hope he will not move
away; I am glad to have the honorable gen-
tleman near me ; I rejoice to sec him over on
the right side. [Laughter.] The gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] calls me the
the gentleman from Ireland. Sir, I do not
claim to represent Ireland, but I am proud to
claim, here as in all other places, the honor
of being one of her sons ; but is he not more
an Irishman than I am, unless he has degen-
erated like his North Carolina Irishman? A
great many Irishmen get degenerated, and
sometimes they change their names. I rather
suspect that, if a committee to investigate the
matter were appointed, with the gentleman
from the Worcester district, Massachusetts,
[Mr. Baldwin,] one of the best ethnologists
and antiquarians in the country, and my ana-
tomatical friend from Ohio, [Mr. Munqen,] and
my friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scofield,]
who introduced the other day the belligerent
letter of Professor Agassiz on the origin of the
human races, it would be found that the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania was called O'Kelley
at home. He may say that he has only mended
hisname by droppingthesignificantO. When
he was mendinghis name he might have mended
his manners without detriment to either.
[Laughter.]
Mr. KELLEY. I simply assumed that the
gentleman represented Ireland, and therein
differed from me in the fact that I sometimes
consider and speak upon American topics,
while he never alludes to any other than Irish.
[Laughter.]
Mr. ROBINSON. The gentleman was the
first to introduce the Irish topic.
Mr. KELLEY. On the contrary, I did but
respond to the gentleman's suggestion, that
we have inflicted upon the southern people
greater wrongs than England has inflicted on
the Irish.
Mr. ROBINSON. My reference was to
American matters compared with those of
other countries.
Now, when interrupted by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] I was about
to say something as to the parties guilty of
commencing these mobs and riots—for they
have been made the cause of all this swarm
of reconstruction bills en&cted to subject the
South to military despotism on the ground that
life and property were not secure in those
States. The New York Tribune a few days
since had an editorial article on the recent
Birmingham anti-Popery riots. It appears
that a man had been sent down from London
to Birmingham to speak against Popery and
Ritualism. I have no doubt that he thought,
if he did not say, that he had the British army
at his back. His speeches" probably were not
more bitter than those of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania were, and shrieked into ears as
unwilling as those of the people of Mobile.
No doubt the anti-Ritualist speaker said his
audiences, whom he was abusing, commenced
the row. The editor of the Tribune, however,
takes this sensible view of the matter. He
says:
" Vituperation, however, is not controversy. Re-
ligious enlightenment does not come of hard names
and yelling dcfianeo to a crowd of ignorant and ex-
citable laborers. If a prcachcrwill throw mud at his
Christian brethren he must expect to get spattered
in return. If he darts into acrowd of Irishmen and
doubles his fists and dares them to come on, it is the
most natural thing in the world that he should come
out of the crowd with a black eye and a torn coat."
Now, is it not easy to see that vituperation
or throwing mud or yelling defiance to a crowd
or threatening to shut their mouths with the
fifteenth United States infantry might lead to a
riot in Mobile as well as in Birmingham ? And
is it not quite natural to suppose that the riots in
Mobile, New Orleans, and elsewhere were just
as chargeable to the speakers themselves as to
the crowd who, even at the points of the fifteenth
United States infantry bayonets, were compelled
to listen? The fable of the poor lamb which
was killed by the wolf for riling the water
which he was drinking up stream might serve
to illustrate many transactions between human
lambs and human wolves, who must make
some pretense to throw the blame of the quar-
rel upon those whom they had determined to
worry into it anyhow.
But, sir, New Orleans, Mobile, and Mem-
phis have not been the only places where mobs
and riots have occurred, and where human life
and property have been in danger. If I rightly
remember, the city from which the gentleman
from Pennsylvania hails had mobs and riots
in which churches were sacked and burned and
lives lost.
?>lr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a i;uestion
