1807.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
19
40th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Davis.,
Senate.
Court has no original jurisdiction when a State
undertakes to sue the United States. Now,
sir, if this is the true statement of the question
involved in those cases, it follows that the most
essential principle first to be disposed of by
the court was to determine whether Georgia
and Mississippi were States or not. The court,
therefore, must, have assumed that they were
States in the Union, or the question of juris-
diction would not have been raised or passed
upon. It is also not unworthy of remark that
the Attorney General of the United States,
who argued those cases, and who is known to
be one of the most able and distinguished law-
yers in the country, made no question as to the
constitutional status of Georgia or Mississippi.
I am, therefore, satisfied with the indications
of the great judicial tribunal of the nation if
the gentleman from Pennsylvania is. But the
honorable gentleman has, in my humble opin-
ion, put himself in a dilemma he did not at all
anticipate. Suppose it to be true that the Sec-
retary of State had no authority to present this
law of CongJess to the southern States for
ratification or rejection; and suppose, if you
please, that it was clearly the original purpose
of Congress that the southern States should
have, under the law, no power or right of rati-
fication-or rejection, and that this legislative
purpose was clearly expressed in the law itself;
what then? Is the honorable gentleman from
Pennsylvania or is Congress going to pass a
law and impose a constitution upon a whole
people in no wise entitled to suffrage either as
to its enactment or amendment? In other
words, can a constitution or any amendment
thereto be made to exist and exert itself over
an entire people who have been denied any
participation either in its original enactment or
its subsequent amendment?
Sir, such a state of case is a new problem
in the theory of constitutional government. I
think it would be extremely difficult for my
honorable friend to find, in the whole range of
the history of free Government, any prece-
dent for so grotesque and anomalous a pro-
ceeding. The truth is, Mr. Speaker, Congress
did intend that this law should be passed upon
by the legislative authorities of the southern
States. We all know with what intense anxiety
the whole northern mind, Republican and
Democratic, looked to the action of the south-
ern States upon this question. If this is true,
sir, and it cannot be successfully controverted,
then we have this most unprecedented political
or legislative spectacle presented to our obser-
vation: the Congress of the United States
most solemnly declaring that the conquered
southern people, subdivided, as it is claimed,
into nothing more than some sort of municipal
or quasi political communities, are good and
valid enough as States, invested with the sov-
ereign power of legislation, to ratify a Consti-
tution which was proposed to be amended under
the provisions of a law passed by a federative
Congress in which they were denied represent-
ation, and dictated to them by their conquer-
ors; and that same federative Congress now
propose to hold and declare that they are no
States at all, when the great right of petition
is interposed in their behalf, if the precedent
established last year in the case of the petition
of the Governor of North Carolina shall be
followed.
Sir, if this great wrong shall bo perpetrated,
if the blindness of party zeal shall prevail, and
all law and justice shall be disregarded, the
only consolation which we in the minority shall
feel or realize will be the fact that your action
will go to the country for its affirmance or con-
demnation along with the many other viola-
tions of the laws and Constitution, to be passed
upon by the final arbitrament of public opinion.
We are not unaware of the fact that you still
feel secure in your strength, and are still con-
fident in the powers of party organization ; but
we shall bide our time; we shall patiently wait
until reason shall resume her empire over the
popular mind; and when that time comes, as
come it must, we know that the fate of the
Republican party will be a crushing public
odium, and a loss of power never to be re-
gained so long as its long catalogue of wrongs
and outrages shall exist in the remembrance
of the American people.
Mr. Speaker, I feel no other interest in the
question "now before the House than what is
naturally felt by every lover of liberty and law.
I feel suijh interest, not as a partisan, but as
an American citizen; and I have raised my
voice in behalf of the constitutional privilege
which it involves, not with the vain hope of
possessing the slightest influence in its deter-
mination, but in the simple discharge of a duty
which I owe to my constituents and to the coun-
try. I know very well, sir, how futile it is to
oppose the power of a dominant party which
deems nothing unlawful which it is able to
accomplish, and esteems nothing sacred or
inviolable which it wishes to destroy.
Reconstruction.
REMARKS OF HON. G. DAVIS,'
OF KENTUCKY,
In the United States Senate,
July 11, 18G7,
On the bill (S.No. 131) to giro effect to an act entitled
"An act to provide for the more efficient govern-
ment of the rebef States,'' passed March 2,18GT.
Mr. DAVIS said :
Mr. President: The honorable Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] in opening the debate
on this bill, admitted distinctly that unless the
United States had the powers of a conqueror
over the southern States Congress had no
authority to pass the present bill or the former
military bills to which this is amendatory.
Whether the subjugation of the rebellion in
the southern States was a conquest and gave
the United States Government the powers of a
conqueror was a question which 1 examined on
the passage of the original bill now proposed
to be amended. I shall therefore not now enter
lengthily upon the discussion of that question ;
but I mean to take the honorable Senator's posi-
tion, and upon the concession that the United
Stales had conquered (he southern States which
were in rebellion, and in consequence of this
conquest were entitled to all the rights which
the victor by that code is entitled to. 1 yet con-
tend that the Congress of the United Slates
have no power to pass this bill; and 1 propose
to occupy a short time in support of that posi-
tion, and then to read some authority in main-
tenance of it.
I will not attempt to show that the Presi-
dent has not obstructed, or attempted to in-
terpose any obstruction to the due execution
of the reconstruction acts. If de\ olves tipon
those who make that charge to establish it, but
they have shrunk from even making the at-
tempt. Nor will I enter upon a vindication of
the Attorney General's construction of those
acts: it has been assailed but on one point, and
that doubtingly, the effect of the oath which
is required to be taken. Both opinions of the
Attorney General are elaborate, well eonsid-
eredf.and able, and 1 believe, according to all
the rules for construing laws, are strictly cor-
rect, including the point upon which he is
so timidly attacked. Its immunity from all
other objection is its general triumphant vin-
dication. Radical leaders and oracles looked
at those acts through the medium of minds
wholly perverted by extreme party objects and
policy, and had jumped to the conclusion that
they were sufficient to enable those who would
be charged with their immediate execution to
give the fullest effect to all the purposes ot'ihe
Radical leaders in connection with the people
of the southern States ; and until the Attorney
General held up those acts to the mirror of
true legal construction rfbcording to their lan-
guage, the Radical party nor leaders had no
comprehension how far they would fell short of
what they were intended to effect. The great
object had been that the reconstruction laws
should give to the instruments of the Radical
party the absolute and uncontrollable power
to determine who of all the southern peo-
ple should be registered and who should vote
and who should be excluded both from the
registry and the poll-book. The opinions of
the Attorney General revealed, to the amaze-
ment and consternation of the Radical party,
that this was far from having been done as
had been intended. They were satisfied with
the manifestations of the satraps, and particu-
larly with Sheridan and Sickles, and with their
insubordinate spirit toward the Commander-
in-Chief, the President. It was obvious that
neither their absolute official subordination to
him in their offices and in the execution of
these and all other laws, nor their sworn fidelity
to the Constitution, nor their devotion to their
country, nor their character and honor as sol-
diers, would restrain these military neophytes
from acting in the delicate and important com-
mands of which they were so unworthy the
parts of the most unscrupulous political par-
tisans. They were fit tools to stock, to drop
out, to cut, shuffle, and deal, by their own
selected tools, the registers, the ballots of the
southern people, so as to count all their elec-
tions in favor of the Radical cause. It was
not to remove obstructions to the due execu-
tion of the reconstruction acts, but to supply
their defects, to subserve the purposes of the
Radical cause, by giving to the faithful mili-
tary commanders of the five districts addi-
tional powers that would enable them to con-
trol the elections as absolutely as though they
cast all the votes, that Congress convened in
this session; and this measure comes fully up
to all the needs of the party in this business.
Mr. President, our Government is divided
into three apartments, the legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial. The powers vested by the
Constitution in these departments are separate,
distinct, and independent. One department
of the Government, cannot properly exercise
any power which by the Constitution is vested
in another department. No power is vested in
Congress but the legislative power created by
the Constitution; but in the President the exec-
utive power of the Government is vested, with
the addition of making him. by express words,
Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy
of the United States, and of the militia of the
States when called into the actual service of
the United States. Now, sir, 1 assume the
position, which, indeed, I have never heard con-
troverted heretofore, that the entire military
power of our Government is vested in the Pres-
ident—not the power to make war, nor to raise
armies, nor to provide fleets, nor to make rules
and regulations for the government of the Army
and Navy: they, by the Constitution, are ex-'
pressly made legislative powers. But the gov-
ernment and control of our armies and fleets,
the direction of all their operations, the entire
administration of all our military afl'airs, is
given by the Constitution solely and exclusively
to the President in the language constituting
him Commander-in-Chief: and he has every
power and function imparted by that language
within the limitations and restrictions of the
Constitution. It lias no other words which
.purport to vest any power to administer mili-
tary affairs, and Congress has neither part nor
lot in their administration. The President may
in person lead our armies, and when they are
led by others those leaders are subject to his
single and absolute orders. When those armies
conquer and occupy the territory of a foreign
Power, not Congress, but the President, can
officially know and act upon that fact. The
organization of a military government in the
conquered country may be necessary and
proper, but the President, and not Congress,
both decides that question and proceeds by
