1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21
40th Cong.... 1st Sess,
The President's Messages—Mr. JBaJcer.
Ho. of Reps.
and military administration of the Government,
and all persons employed in those services are
bound to submit implicitly to his orders. Within
those pales Congress cannot impinge upon him
without infraction of the Constitution and ar-
rant usurpations of authority. But Congress
has been so successful in its bold aggressions
in that direction, and the people so approving
or so apathetic, that it feels encouraged to con-
tinue its reckless career. It now knows no
check or responsibility and no limits to its
action within its own audacious will.
Before the adoption of the Constitution each
State wag a distinct and independent political
sovereignty. They had leagued together and
fought for and won liberty, independence, and
popular government, but were likely to lose
all from the inefficiency of their Articles of
Confederation ; and therefore the people of
the several States sent their delegates to a Con-
vention to frame a government strong enough
to preserve those gueat ends, but no stronger.
The wise and virtuous men who held this
momentous conference had before them the
numerous examples, running through all his-
tory, of many peoples achieving liberty and
sell-government, striving to secure them by
imperfectly-organized institutions, maintain-
ing them for a brief period in a troubled exist-
ence with unsatisfactory' results, and eventu-
ally losing them from innate defects of their
forms of government, the treachery of^those
who administered them, and the degeneracy
and corruption of the people. The great taslc
was to form a government that would for in-
definite ages save our country, its independence
and liberties, from the sad fate of all others.
The Convention adopted and acted upon a
series of fundamental ideas. It decided upon
a system of government neither wholly national
nor State, but partly both, and made a division
of political sovereignty and powers, the States
to delegate a portion of that whole which each
one then possessed, to be organized into a gen-
eral government for the United States; and
all sovereignty and powers not thus delegated
to the common government to be reserved to
the States respectively, or the people.
1. The common government to be created
by a written constitution, in which should be
enumerated all the powers vested in it.
3. The division of those powers among three
coordinate departments, each to have a differ-
ent character of power and to execute it inde-
pendently of the others, and thus form mutual
checks to each other to prevent any aggregation
of power not conferred upon them by the Con-
stitution.
4. The supremacy of the Constitution, and
laws of the United States in pursuance of it,
over the constitution and laws of the States,
and the creation of the Supreme Court to
decide all questions of conflict between them
whenever they might arise, directly or indi-
rectly, in cases before that court.
5. "The powers to make war and peace, to
raise and support armies, to enforce the exe-
cution of the laws, to suppress insurrections,
to repel invasions, to protect each State against
domestic violence, &c.
The General Government is built in part
upon the States, and the Constitution makes
them a necessary part of the machinery which
it creates. It provides that the Legislatures of
the States shall choose the Senators in Con-
gress ; that each State shall appoint, in such
manner as its Legislature may direct, the
number of presidential electors to which it
may bo entitled; and the States only can
amend the Constitution of the United States.
Here are functions to be performed by the
States without which the General Government
could not have been organized, and without,
their continued performance by the States that
Government would come to an end. There is
nil other or substitute authority to perform
those functions, nor can the General Govern-
ment, or any, or all its departments or officers
compel the States to perform them. Nor can
Congress compel the President, nor the Pres-
ident the courts, nor the courts Congress,
respectively, to perform their duties ; but Con-
gress may impeach the President or the courts;
but it has no jurisdiction whatever over the
States or their Legislatures, nor is there any
provision of the Constitution from which it can
be even conjectured to arise. The Government
of the- United States can constitutionally act
upon a State only in three conditions and ways:
1. It can admit new States into the Union,
but it can admit a State into the Union only
once, because being once in she is there until the
Union and our Government are subverted by
revolution. The government of a State and
the laws and authority of the United States in
it may be overthrown by insurrection and
rebellion, or by the invasion and conquest of a
foreign army; but when the rebellion is put
down, or the invaders are expelled, by the
operation of the principle of post limine, as
recognized by the law of nations, the State is
restored to her former condition.
2. The United States shall guaranty to every
State a republican form of government.
3. And on the application of the Legislature
(or of the Executive when the Legislature can-
not be convened) against domestic violence.
Under no other circumstances, in no other
mode, and for no other purpose can the Gov-
ernment of the United States act upon a State ;
though in many forms it may act upon every
individual in any or all the States. Every per-
son resisting the execution of the laws, or
engaged in insurrection against the United
States, whether with or without the pretended
authority of a State, may be resisted, put
down, tried, and punished for his crime. The
Constitution and laws authorize all that; but
a State by no principle of Constitution or law
can commit a crime or offense, or is subject
to any forfeiture, penalty, or punishment; and
there are no forms or njodes of proceeding or
law by which a State can be punished or tried
or indicted or charged. Like the Presidency
or the Supreme Court or the two Houses of
Congress, the States, as part of the constitu-
tional machinery of our complex and blended
system of Government, have a legal existence
in perpetuity; and it would be as philosophical,
true, and constitutional to declare and attempt
to make practical the forfeiture and abolition
of the Presidency, of the Supreme Court, or
of the two Houses of Congress because of the
treason of the men who happened to fill them,
as of the States and their governments. The
incumbents of those offices who commit crimes,
whether against the United States or a State,
are subject to be tried, ejected from their
places, and punished; but the offices are guilt-
less, and as part of the structure of the Gov-
ernment remain intact and ready to receive
other incumbents when they are properly pre-
sented. This is necessity, common sense, and
constitutional and universal law to avoid con-
fusion and anarchy.
So when the insurgents in the southern
States expelled or overthrew the laws and
authorities of the United States, and passed
their ordinances of secession, and practically
severed their connection with the United States
as parts of them, their acts were all void and
without any legal effect. They remained de
jure States of and in the Union, in abey-
ance, all in complete organization, their offices
ready to be filled and their governments to be
administered as before the revolt; the States,
their governments, and people being, by the
suppression of the insurrection, restored to
their former condition. But if the States, or
any of them, were not immediately ready for
rehabilitation in their State governments, and
order and the protection of persons and prop-
erty required it,, the President, while holding
military possession of the country as Com-
I mander-in-Chief, had the power, and it was his
I duty, to organize ad interim a military govern-
ment for those ends. That is the only govern-
ment which, in any state of case, could prop-
erly prelude the government of the States
formed by its own people, and the President
of the United States, as military Commander-
in-Chief, only could organize that military gov-
ernment. Such an act would be wholly without
the pale of congressional power, that body not
having a vestige of military administration.
But if the theory of the conquest of the States
in which the rebellion occurred, so vehemently
asserted, were true, the only government which
Congress could organize for those States would
be a civil territorial government; and if, from
the condition of the country, it would be im-
practicable to establish and administer that
kind of a government in it, the only and neces-
sary resort would be for the President, the
Commander-in-Chief of the Army, to set up
and administer a military government; and
when the country was so tranquilized as to
allow civil government, Congress would then
organize for the country territorial govern-
ments, as it did for New Mexico after its con-
quest. These positions result from the Con-
stitution, and are fully sustained by the Supreme
Court in the opinion from which I have so
lengthily read—Cross vs. Harrison.
And when Congress should come to estab-
lish for the southern States territorial govern-
ments, they would be very different systems of
polity to the horrible, deformed military des-
potism which it has set up in them. There
would not be an overthrow of the Constitution
and all civil law and civil courts and a substi-
tution of martial law, the arbitrary will of
corrupt and partisan petty military command-
ants and military commissions for the trial of
citizens. There would be no suspension of the
writ of habeas corpus, no military arrests,
imprisonments, or trials. In their leading fea-
tures these territorial governments would be
upon the model of the Constitution of the
United States, a division of their powers into
legislative, executive, and judicial, and their
investment in different bodies of magistracy
taken from their own people. The rights of
person and property, of trial by jury in civil
courts, according to the laws of the land, and
all the other great rights and liberties guaran-
tied by the Constitution to the American.peo-
ple, the inhabitants of the southern States
would have secured to them under territorial
governments. But it was the scheme of the
Radicals of Congress to strip those people of
all their constitutional rights and liberties, and
crush them under the weight of a military
despotism created by themselves without any
authority, and to continue upon them its gall-
ing oppression, not only for their enslavement,
but to coerce them to assist in forging their
own chains. Mr. President, the creation of
this military government in the ten southern
Stales is a stupendous and most fearful usurp-
ation of power, and its revolting, despotic
machinery and instruments have dragged down
their people to a more complete and degrading
slavery than exists anywhere beside in Chris-
tendom ; that slavery impends over all the peo-
ple of the United States, and will certainly in-
gulf them unless they shake off their lethargy
and strike while they can for the overthrow of
both it and its authors.
The President's Messages.
REMARKS OF HON. JEHU BAKER,
of illinois,
Is the House of Refresentahves,
July 20, 1S67.
Mr. BAKER. Mr. Speaker, I wish to sub-
mit a few l-emarks upon the recent messages
of the President. The one lie sent to the
Senate on the loth instant is an extraordinary
document: scarcely less so than the veto mes-
sage with which we were favored yesterday.
