18GY.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
23
40th Cong....1st Sess.
Veto Message—Mr. Lawrence.
Ho. of Reps.
This government subsequently consented to the
erection of the new State of West Virginia,
which has been and is recognized by and rep-
resented in Congress, and thus made valid.
The original Wheeling government, after the
erection of West Virginia, was transferred to
Alexandria, where its jurisdiction was limited
and nominal until after the surrender of Lee,
in April, 1865, when it was transferred to
Richmond, and has ever since exercised juris-
diction overall of Virginia, not including West
Virginia; but Congress has steadily refused to
rceognize it as a valid State government, and it
remains without any Senator or Representa-
tive in Congress.
On the llth of March, 1864, General Banks,
in command of the Union forces at New
Orleans, issued his military order No. 85,
(House Report 16, second session Thirty-Ninth
Congress,) under which a convention was
called representing only a small part of Louis-
iana. A constitution was adopted, submitted
to and approved by a majority of the people
in the parishes represented in convention, and
a State government put in operation which has
continued its functions, but being a mere mil-
itary creation for war purposes it has never
been recognized as a State government, and so
has remained without any Senator or Repre-
sentative in Congress.*
Andrew Johnson became President in April,
I860.
In the remaining seven of the rebel States,
to wit, North Carolina, Mississippi, Georgia,
Texas. Alabama, South Carolina, and Florida,
the military power which suppressed the rebel-
lion broke up and destroyed the respective
State governments therein and drove from
power and place the officers who had adminis-
tered them. Repeated military orders of the
President completed this work.f
In this condition of affairs all men of all par-
ties agreed that State governments should be
reorganized, but it was soon found that there
were wide differences of opinion as to tha time
when reorganization was practicable, the terms
*The Judiciary Committee of the Senate at the
second session of the Thirty-Eighth Congress made a,
unanimous report refusing to admit Senators, in
winch it is said :
"The persons in possession of the local authorities
in Louisiana having rebelled against the authority
of the United State?, and her inhabitants having
been declared to be in a state of insurrection in pur-
suance of a law passed by the two Houses of Congress,
your committee deem it improper for this body to
admit to seats Senators from Louisiana till by some
joint action of both Houses there shall be some recogni-
tion of an existing State government acting in harmony
with the Government of the United States and recog-
nizing its authority."—Senate Report 127, second ses-
sion Thirty-Eighth Congress. _
This must be so, or in ease of conflicting govern-
ments the Senate might recognize one government,
the House another, and the President still another.
ton the 12th of April, 1865, President Lincoln
directed Maj. (ien.'Weitzel to withdraw any permis-
sion for the insurgent Legislature of Virginia to meet.
Mississippi.
1865, May 10.—Governor Clark called an extra ses-
sion of the Legislature for tho 18th to order a State
convention. „ ,
Man 21.—Major General Canby telegraphed as 101-
lows to Major General Warren, commanding the
department: "By direction ofthe President, yon will
not recognizo anv officer of the confederate or State
government within the limits of your command as
authorized to exercise in any manner whatever the
functions of tlieir late offices. You will prevent, by
force if necessary, any attempt of any of the Legisla-
tures of the States in insurrection to assemble tor
legislative purposes, and will imprison any members
or other persons who may attempt to exercise those
functions in opposition to your orders.
Georgia.
1865 May 3.—Governor Joseph E. Brown issued a
proclamation calling an extra meeting of theLegisla-
Major General Gillmoro issued an order
annulling this proclamation and directing tho per-
sons interested not to heed it.
South Carolina.
1«65 it/n v 2.-G overnor Magrath issued a proclama-
tion that'the confederate stores within tho State
should be turned over to State officers, uo be distrib-
uted amomr the people.
Man 8.—Governor Magrath summoned the State
uOi'-i-is to Columbia to resume tlien-duti-'s.
.17/17 11.—.Major General Gillmorc i;sued all order
on which it should be done, and the authority
rightfully entitled to control it.
The districts of country composing these
geographical States were left with a population
owing allegiance to the General Government,
but without any civil State government.* The
President, in pursuance of the national laws,
appointed assessors and collectors of internal
revenue, collectors of customs, postmasters,
and other national officers.f
Now, in this condition of affairs, if the Pres-
ident assumed and exercised great powers which
could only be rightfully exercised by Congress ;
if he denied to Congress powers that belonged
to them ; or if he denied to the people of seven
States soveajign powers inherent in them, and
undertook ro set up a policy for these States,
disfranchising nearly half their population, all
in gross violation of the Constitution and of his
duties; and if he prostituted all his powers and
others usurped by him to accomplish these pur-
poses and to place the government of the coun-
try in the hands of rebels and traitors, then is
he guilty of high crimes and misdemeanors
deserving impeachment. The evidence already
before the country abundantly proves him
guilty of all this.
The subject has been too recently and fully
discussed to admit of doubt that Congress, by
the joint actionj of the two Houses, in the ex-
ercise of its legislative power, or by a concur-
rent admission of Senators and Representa-
tives, has the exclusive power to provide for
the reorganization of civil government in these
States, and to determine the time and terms
upon which restoration shall be made and what
governments are republican in form. If the
people by voluntary conventions organize gov-
ernments they may be ratified by Congress and
thus made valid.
All this is asserted in the Constitution,]] has
been determined by the Supreme Court,? has
annulling the Governor's acts, andnotifying the per-
sons interested not to heed his proclamations.
Florida.
1865, 3.—Abraham Iv. Allison, president of the
rebel Senateof Florida,announcedthe death ofJohn
Milton, rebel Governor, and appointed June 7 for
election of a successor.
May 14.—Major General Gillmor^ issued an order
annulling this proclamation, and commanding the
people to gire itno heerl whatever. (McPherson's
Manual for 1866-67, PP. 10,20,22,24.)
* In seven solemn proclamations the President seven
times over declared that "the rebellion-which has
been waged by a portion of the people of the united
States against the properly constituted authorities
of the Government thereot in the most violent and
revolting form, butwhose organized and armed forces
have now been almost entirely overcome, has in its
revolutionary progress, deprived the people of [these
seven States] of all civil government."
tProclamation of 29th of May, 18G3.
t Senate Report 127, second session Thirty-Eighth
Congress; Luther vs. Borden,7 Howard Kenort, 1;
Sherman's speech in Senate, Feb. 26.1866: 2 Bishop
Criminal Law, sec. 1224, note; Federalist IS: o. 21,43.
i| Article four, scclion four, declares:
"The United States shall guaranty to every btafe
in this Union a republican form of government, and
shall protect each ot them against invasion; and on
application of the Legislature or of the Executive
(when the Legislature cannot be convened) against
domestic violence.''
This is found in connection with clauses relating
to the admission of new States, the creation <n new
State governments, and in relation to domestic vio-
lence, and, on the maxim nosciter a socn% relates to
the power of Congress to organize now btato govern-
ments when old ones are destroyed by rebellion.
gin Luther vs. Borden (7 Howard Bcport, 1) Chief
Justice Taney says^ +
44 Under the Constitution it rests with Congress* to
decide whcct government is the eutabhahed o><e in o,
iSfate - for as the United States guaranties to each
State' a republican government Congress must ne-
cessarily decide ivha( government is cetabli^hed n\ a
Statebefore it can determine whether it is republican
or not. And when the Senators and Representatives
of a State are admitted into the councils of the
Union the authority of the government under which
they are appointed, as well as Us republican character,
is recognized by the proper constitutional authority;
and its decision is binding on bveey other depakt-
mext of the Government."
"Undoubtedly a military government established
as the permanent government of a State would not
be a republican government, and it would be tiic
dutv of Ooncress to overthrow it. —i/enungvs. I aoe,
9 Howard, 613: Oross vs. Harrison, Vo Howard. iJi:
Federalist, 09, 85; Halhxk international Lair, ,So.
been settled by Congress,* has been admitted
again and again by the President, f and has never
been denied until it became "his policy" to do
so. J If it were conceded that the President
during the war might in the absence of a re-
straining statute appoint military governors and
establish military governments yet these could
only exist as such and during a state of war, for
Chief Justice Taney declared that "it would
be the duty of Congress to overthrow" such
government in exercising the power to estab-
lish civil government.
The military power cannot, without the sanc-
tion of Congress, establish permanent civil gov-
ernment ior times of peace. ||
When flagrant war ceased an " extraor-
dinary occasion''1 had arisen which made it
the duty of the President to "convene both
Houses" of Congress. Refusing to perform
this duty, which he knew to be necessary for
this and other purposes, \ he issued seven sol-
emn proclamations, assuming to appoint seven
civilian provisional governors, holding no mil-
itary commission and without "the advice and
consent of the Senate," as follows:
On the 29th of May, 1865, one appointing
* Concurrent resolution of March 2, 1866, (Globe,
vol. 57, p. 1143,) as follows:
" That in order to close agitation upon a question
which seems likely to disturb the action of the Gov-
ernment, as well as to quiet tho uncertainty which is
agitating the minds of the people of the eleven States
which have been declared to be in insurrection, no
Senator or Representative shall be admitted into _
either branch of Congress from aDy of said States
until Congress shall have declared such States enti-
tled to such representation."
The exclusive power of Congress had been repeat-
edly asserted by the Senate (Sherman's speeen in
Senate, February26,1806) bcforo^Ji'. Johnson became
President, and by tho bill passed by Congress and
referred to in President Lincoln's proclamation of
July 8, 1861, and since by tho report of th_e joint
Committee on Reconstruction, Juue 18, 185o, and
February 13, 1866, (House Mis. Doc. 55, first session
Thirty-Ninth Congress; House Report 30, first ses-
sion Thirty-Ninth Congress,) the minority of the
committee, consisting of the President s friends,
practically conceding that his acts were unauthor-
ized; and by tho joint resolution of July 24. Ifeb6,
admitting Tennessee; and by the acts of Congress of
March 2 and 23,1867; and by the bill now vetoed.
f In Senate executive document 26 (first session
Thirty-Ninth Congress, page 60) is the following,
written by order of the President:
[Telegram.]
VTashixotox, July 21,1865.
w. l. sharker, . r ,
Provisional Governor of Mississippi, Jackson:
Your telegram of the 21st has been received. The
President sees no reason to interfere with (general
Slocum's proceedings. The government of the State
will be provisional only until tho civil authorities
shall be restored with tho approval of Congress.
Meanwhile military authority cannot.be withdrawn.
WlLJ-iiAxU ii. b-hWAivJL).
Same document, page 205, is the following:
DKPAnTMENT OF SXATE,^
"WASiiiMrfOX, Senfti-tber 12,1SG5.
Sir: Your excellency's letter of the 29th ultimo,
with Uie occompaio ing proclamation, has been
received a*\d submitted to tho President. Tho stops
to which it, reters toward reorganizing the govern-
ment of Florida seem to be in the mam judicious, and
^ood results from them may be hoped for. Tne p-e-
"nnption to which the proclamation refers, however,
in favor of insurgents who may wish to vote, and who
may have applicdtor but not received their pardons,
not entirely appiovcd. All applications for pardons
will be duly considered, and will be disposed of as
soon as may be practicable. It must, however, be
distinctly understood that the restoration to which
your proclamation refers will be subject to the decis-
ion of Con^res-". ,
I have tho honor to be your excellency s obedient
se"ant' WILLIAM H. SF/WAKT).
His Excellency "William Maf.VJX, Proiisional Gov
ernnr of the State of Florida, Tallahassee.
See Globe, vol. 60. p. 210; first session 'Thirty-Ninth
Congress, vol. 1. If the " approval of Congress was
necessarv to give validity to tho President's aete, the
prior authority of Congress in the form of law was
necessary to authorize it.
1 President's annual message December, 1865; rnes-
sa"e of June 22.1SW; message of July 24,1366; procla-
mation of August 20,1866; Senate Ex.Hoe. 32, second
session Thirty-Ninth Congress, p. 15.
r Cross rs. Harrison, 16 Howard. 191; Federalist,
6!)] 85; Fleming es. Page, 9 Howard, 615; Ilalleek In-
ternational Law, 7S5.
| Senate Ex. Doc. 3, first session Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress, p. 2.
