1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
25
40tii Cong.... 1st Sess.
Veto Message—Mr. Lawrence.
Ho. op Reps.
deliberate disfranchisement wag consummated
by constitutions created by these conventions,*
as if tho wrongs inflicted by centuries of sla-
very upon an unoffending race were not already
enough'without adding the domination of reb-
els. And these constitutions were forced upon
the States without any vote of the people to
ratify them.f
The President, conceding the justice of de-
manding terms of restoration, J prescribed such
as hedictated,|| ignoring the rights of Congress,
and in obedience to his will governments were
organized, Governors, Legislatures, and all the
officers of States chosen, and Senators and
Representatives were elected to Congress not
in conformity with law,g generally rebels who
could not take the test oath.f
States where the rebel armies have been beaten back
or expelled—I care not, how <ro/iU die dumber of
Union men. if enough to man the ship of State—I hold
it, I say, a high duty to protect and secure to them a
republican form of government. This is no new opin-
ion. It is expressed in conformity with my under-
standing of the genius and theory of our Govern-
ment. Then in adjusting and putting the Govern-
ment upon its legs again I think the progress of this
work must pass into the hands of its friends. If a
State is to be nursed until it again gets strength it
must bo nursed by its friends, not smothered by its
enemies."
'"Senate Ex. Doc.26,firstsessionThirty-NinthCon-
gress.
f Report of jointCommittec on Reconstruction No.
30,first session Thirty-^inth. Congress.
'i The President, in liis first message to Congress, a
paper in which by tho Constitution it was made his
duty to give Congress information of the state of the
Union, and recommend to cheir consideration such
measures as he shall consider just and sufficient,
declared that " it is not too much to ask in the name
of thcwholepeople that" * * ■* * "the
evidence of tho sincerity in the future maintenance
of the Union shall be put beyond any doubt by the rat-
ification of the proposed amendment to the Constitu-
tion." "Indeed, it is not loo much to require of the
Spates which p.re now resuming their places in the
family of the Union that thev oive pledae of perpetual
loyalty and peace." "Thoamendment totheConsti-
tution being accepted, it would remain Tor the States
whose powers have been so long suspended to resume
their places in the two branches of the national legis-
lature and thereby complete the work of restoration."
■ Senate Ex. Doc. 26, first session Thirty-Ninth
Congress.
} Report Si), first session Thirty-Ninth Congress;
Report joint Committee on Reconstruction, p 15;
Co ng.Globc 1363-66, vol. 57; first session Thirty-Ninth
Congress, part 2, p. 1021.
^ Senator? chosen from the late insurrectionary States
for the Thirty-Nin^h Congress, first session.
Ahibawt—Lewis E. Parsons, George S. Houston.
Arkansas—Elisha Baxter, William D. Snow.
.Florida—William Marvin, Wilkerson Call.
Geo,-gin—Alexander H. Stephens, Hcrschel V.
Johnson.
Louisiana—Randall Hunt. Ilenry Boycs. (R. King
Cutler and Michael llahn also claim under a former
election in October, 1864.)
Mississippi—William L. Sharkey, James L. Alcorn.
North Carolina— William A. Graham, John Pool.
South Carolina—Benjamin F. Perry, John L. Man-
ning.
Twine wee—David T.Patterson, Joseph S. Fowler.
Texu v—
Virginia—John C. Underwood, Joseph Segar.
Memorandum.—Mr. A. II. Stephens was a delegate
from Georgia to the convention which framed tho
•'confederate" constitution, and was vice president
of the "confederacy" until its downfall. Mr. II. V.
Johnson was a senator in the rebel congress in the
first and second congresses, as was Mr. Graham, from
North Carolina. Mr. Pool was a senator in the Le-
gislature of North Carolina. Mr. Perry was a " con-
federate States" jud?e. Mr. Manning was a volun-
teer aid to General Beauregard at Fort Sumter and
Manassas. Mr. Alcorn was in the Mississippi militia.
Members of the House of Representatives chosen in the
late insurrectionary States.
AI'd>n,nu—C. C. Langdon, George C. Freeman, Gen-
eral Cnllen A. Battle, Joseph W. Taylor, B. T. Pope,
Thomas J. Foster.
Ar/.vr/isrt*—William Byers, George II. Kyle, James
M. Johnson.
Florida—F. McLeod.
dori/ia—Solomon Cohen, General Philip Cook,
Hugh Buchanan, E. G. Cabaniss, J. D. Matthews, J.
II, Christy, General W. T. Wofford.
Lom&itna—Louis St. Martin, Jacob Barker. Rob-
ert 0. Wickhffc, John E.King, John S.Ray. (Henry
C. Warmoth claims scat as delegate under universal
 u!T) n'.'O election.)
Colons Arthur Til. Reynolds. Colonel
lliciiard V. Pm^m, James T. Harrison, A. M. We^l.
G. Pcvlon.
North Carolina—Jesse R. Stubbs, Charles C. Clark,
Tho President assumed the right to determ-
ine when the new State governments should
go into operation, requiring provisional gov-
ernors to " remain in the exercise of their
functions" u until relieved by his express
direction."*
While these usurpations were going on the
President quieted the fears of the people by
assuring them his u policy" was only "an
experiment,"! and that 4'the approval of
Congress" was necessary "to restore the
civil authorities. "J
Yet, even before this presidential usurpation
was perfected, in a solemn official document—
the message fco Congress of June 22, 1866—he
said :
" That of tho thirty-six States which constitute the
Union eleven are excluded from representation in
either* House of Congress, although, with the dingle
exception of Texas, they have been entirely restored
to all their functions as States in conformity loith the
organic law of the land, and nave appeared at the
national Capitol by Senators and Representatives,
who have applied for and have been refused admis-
sion to the vacant seats." jj
Thomas C. Fuller, Colonel Josiah Turner, jr., Lewis
Haines, S. H.Walkup, Alexander H. Jones.
South Carolina—Colonel John D. Kennedy, William
Aiken, General'Samuel McGowan, James Farrow.
Tennessee—Nathaniel G. Taylor, Horace May-
nard, William B. Stokes, Edmund Cooper, William
B. Campbell, Samuel M. Arnell, Isaac R. Hawkins,
John W. Leftwich.
Texas—;
Virginia—W. H. B. Custis, Lucius H. Chandler,
B. Johnson Barbour, Robert Ridgway, Beverly A.
Davis, Alexander H. H. Stuart, Robert Y. Conrad,
Daniel H. Hoge.
Memorandum.—Of the Alabama delegation, Mr.
Battle was a general in the rebel army, and Mr. Fos-
ter a representative in the first and second rebel
congresses.
Of the Georgia delegation, Messrs. Cook and Wof-
ford were generals in the rebel service.
Of the Mississippi delegation, Messrs. Reynolds
and Pinson were colonels in the rebel service. Mr.
Harrison was a member of the rebel provisiQnal con-
gress.
Of the North Carolina delegation, Mr. Fuller was a
representative in the first rebel congress, and Mr.
Turner was a colonel in the rebel army and a repre-
sentative in the second rebel congrcss. Mr. Brown
was a member of the State convention which passed
the secession ordinance in 1861, and voted for it.
Of the South Carolina delegation, Mr. Kennedy
was colonel and Mr. McGowan brigadier general in
the rebel army. Mr. Farrow was a representative in
tho first and second rebel congresses.
Of the Virginia delegation, Messrs. Stuart and
Conrad were members of the secession convention of
Virginia In 1861, and continued to participate after
the passage of the ordinance and tho beginning of
hostilities.
Claimants from the insurrectionary States, Thirty-Ninth
Congress, second session.
In Senate, same as at first session, except James
B. Campbell, of South Carolina, vice John L. Man-
ning, resigned ; and David G. Burnett and 0. M. Rob-
erts, of Toxas, recently chosen.
In House, J. MoCaleb Wiley, of Alabama, vice
George C. Freeman^deceased; and James P. Ham-
bleton, of Georgia, vice W. T. Wofford; Texas, George
Wr Chilton, Benjamin H. Epperson, A. M. Branch,
C. Herbert. (Mr. Branch and Mr. Herbert were
representatives in the rebel congress.)
See Wilson's speech in SenateMa.vO, 1865. Ham-
bloton was a blockade-runner, and was imprisoned
in Fort Warren.
Date of elections—see McPherson's Manual for
1866-67, pages 17,28.
♦Senate Ex. Doc. 26, first session Thirty-Ninth
Congress, p. 47.
f Senate Ex. Doc. 2, firstsession Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress, p. 2. Carl Schurz, in his report to the Presi-
dent, transmitted by Mm to Congress December 19,
1865, says:
"You informed me that your policy of reconstruc-
tion' was merely experimental and that you would
change it if the experiment did not lead to satisfac-
tory results."
I Senate Ex. Doc. 26, first session Thirty-Ninth
Congress, pp. 60, 205.
II Message to Congress, June 22, 1866; Senato Ex.
Doc. 32, second session Thirty-Ninth Congress, p. 15;
message of July 24,1866; proclamation of August 20,
On tho 3d of April, 1856, tlfe President recognized
North Carolina as a State by issuing to that State
agricultural collegeland scrip forneaxly two hundred
and seventy thousand acres of land under the act of
Julv 2, 1862. See joint resolution of Congress of
March 30,1867; laws of 1S67, p. 233. the preamble of
which is a*follows:
"Wheicas on the 3d day of April, by tiie
authority and direction of the President of the
United States, agricultural college scrip, covoring
And in the veto message now before us the
President says of these illegal governments ,
that u Executive recognition, as is well known, v
has been frequent and unwavering."
When Napoleon III transformed France into
an empire he submitted the whole subject to a
vote of the people; but Andrew Johnson in
his work submitted to neither Constitution,
laws, votes, nor popular will, but defied them
all.
It was said in England at one time "the
Privy Council came at last to make laws 1>3'
proclamation, and the Star Chamber ruined
those that would not obey. At last they fell
together." (2 Lord Hardwick's State Papers,
473; 4 Hatsell's Prec., 652 Chase Trial,
460.) Andrew Johnson assumed more than
the powers of the Privy Council and became
his own Star Chamber.
A President whose conduct " is thus marked
by every act which may define a tyrant is unfit
to be the ruler of a free people," and deserves
impeachment.
In thus devising a scheme of disfranchise-
ment the President seems to have been guided
by a purpose to speedily secure power to the
rebel States rather than a sense of duty,* if he
did not act contrary to his own convictions
expressed at an earlier date,f and which he
nearly two hundred and seventy thousand acres, was
issued and delivered to the State of North Carolina,
under the act of Congress of July 5,1862, providing
for agricultural colleges; and whereas by tho same
authority the General Land Office is now preparing
to issue scrip in like manner to the States of Vir-
ginia, Georgia, and Mississippi; and whereas said
action of the President takes for granted that said
States are restored to their proper constitutional
relation to the Union, and are to be recognized in all
respects as entitled to the rights of the other States
of the Union, which question Congress alone can right-
fully determine: therefore, be it resolved, &c."
* August 15 President Johnson sent this telegram:
Executive Ofi'ice,
Washington, D. C., August 15, 1865.
Governor W. L. Sharkey, Jackson, Mississippi:
I am gratified to see that you have organized your
convention without difficulty. I hope that without
delay your convention will amend your State consti-
tution, abolishing slavery and denying to nil future
Legislatures the power to legislate that there is prop-
erty in man: also that they will adopt the amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States abol-
ishing slavery. If you could extend the eleetivo
franchise to all persons of color who can read ths
Constitution of the United Slates in Engh-h and
write their names, and to all persons of color who
own real estate valued at not less than two hundred
and fifty dollars, and pay taxes thereon, you would
completely disarm tho adversary and set an example
the other States will follow. This 3*011 ca.11 do with
perfect safety, and you thus place the southern
States, in reference to free person* of color, upon the
same basis with the free States. I hopo and trust
vour convention will do this, and, as a consequence,
the Radicals, who are wild upon negro franchise, will
be completely foiled in their attempt to keep tho
southern States from renewing their relations to tho
Union by not accepting their Senators and Represent-
atives. ANDREW JOHNSON.
President of the United State*.
t Andrew Johnson is reported as saying in a spccch
at Nashville, October 24, 1864 :
"I, Andrew Johnson, hereby proclaim liberty,
full, broad, unconditional liberty, to every mim m
Tennessee. I will be your Moses and lead you
through the Red sea of struggle and servitude to a
future of liberty and peace. Rebellion and slavery
shall no more pollute our State. Loyal men, whether
white or black, shall govern tho State.''
In his speech at Admiral Lee's residence in Wash-
ington, after he bccame Vice President, Mr. Johnson
is reported as saying that to save the Union he " was
willing to cut Africa loose from Asia and sink tho
whole black race ten thousand fathoms deep." At
this point an auditor said, "Let the negro stay wheio
he is, Governor, and give him the ballot, and the
Union will be safe forever." Mr. Johnson replied,
"And I am ready for that, too."
In his interview with George L. Stearns, October
3,1865, he said :
"OurGovernment is a grand and lofty structure.
In searching for its foundation we find it rests on tho
broad basis of popular rights. The elective franchiso
is not a natural right, but a political right. I am
opposed to giving the States too much power, and
also to a great consolidation of power in the central
Government.
" If I interfered with the vote in the rebel States,
to dictatc that no negro shall vote, I misrht do tho
same for my own purposes in Pennsylvania. Our
only safety lies in allowing ca<*h State to eo'it.'ol l he
right of voting by its own laws, and we have the
power to control the rebel States if they go wrong.
