20
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 20,
Ho. of Reps.
Veto Message—Mr. Laiurcnce.
40th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
abandoned* when he conceived the design, as
he did, of putting the G-overnmentin the hands
of rebels and those who during the war had
sympathized with them.
This scheme of reconstruction denying the
power of Congress became and is known as
"the President's policy,5J while that which
asserts the §ower of the law-making depart-
ment is known as the "policy of Congress.''
The President's policy is approved by every
rebel because it has given them every office
and entire political control in every one of the
rebel States. No adequate protection is given
by them to the life, liberty, or property of freed-
men or loyal white men. By these rebel State
organizations the freedmen are disfranchised,
and though loyal white men are nominally per-
mitted to vote their votes are unavailing to
.secure protection. And Congress having in
the reconstruction acts" declared these pres-
idential State organizations "illegal,'"' either
the President is guilty of usurpation, or Con-
gress has unjustly accused him; either the
President deserves impeachment for his "ille-
gal" conduct, or Congress has erred in declar-
ing his work illegal.
This usurpation by the President is clearly
impeachable, and the mode by which he sought
to accomplish it and force it upon the country
not only aggravates the crime, but in view of
his motives constitutes additional grounds of
impeachment.
. To achieve his purposes he was guilty of
many unnecessary and unauthorized usurpa-
tions and acts of oppression.
He held the liberty of the press subject to
his sovereign will and control, suppressing the
publication of such newspapers as he disap-
proved, and permitting them to resume public-
ation, contrary to the advice of General Grant,
by exacting a pledge to "support^ "the policy
of his administration,"! when he was advised
his order "was improper and mischievous in
tendency."
_ He held large portions of the rebel popula-
tion in abject servility, not as a measure of
If they rebel we have the Army and can control them
by it, and, if necessary, by legislation also. If the
General Government controls the right to vote in the
States it may establish such rules as will restrict the
vote to a small number oi persons, and thus create a
central despotism.
" My position here is different from what it would
be if I was in Tennessee. There I should try to intro-
duce negro suffragegradually. First, those who had
served in the Army; those who could read and write:
and perhaps a property qualification for others, say
two hundred or two hundred and fifty dollars. It
would not do to lot the negroliaveuniversal suffrage
now: it would breed a war of races.
"Therewas a timein thesouthern States when the
slaves of large owners looked down upon non-slave-
owners because they did not own slaves. The larger
the number of slaves the mastm-3 owned tho prouder
they were; and this has produced hostility between
themassof the whites and thenegroes. The outrages
arc mostly from non-slaveholding whites against the
negro, and from the negro upon the non-slavehold-
ing whites.
" The negro will vote with the late master, whomhe
does not hate, rather than with thenon-slaveholding
white, whom he does hate. Universal suffragoswould
create another war, not against us. but a war of races.
"Another thing: this Government is the freest and
best on earth, and I feel sure is destined to last; but
to secure this wemust elevate and purify the ballot/'
[McPherson s Manual for 1866-67, p. 4(J.
1McPhc r s on's_PoHtic;11 Manual for 1860—67, pp. 19,
20, 2J, 49,52,55,15^, 159; veto message, January 7,1807;
veto message, March "2, 1867.
f The Richmond Examiner published leading edi-
torials January 2(5, February 5 and 6,1866, as follows:
"it would be immeasurably the worst consequence
of ourdefeat in the war that the South should lose its
moral and intellectual distinctions as a people and
ceaso to assert its well-known superiority in civili-
zation, in political scholarship and in all the stand-
ards of individual character over the people of,the
North. That superiority has been recognized by
every foreign observer and by the intelligent every-
where; it is the South that in the past penned four
fifths of the political literature of America, and fur-
nished the list of names best known inEurone either
forcommanding statesmanship or for personal virtue.
That superiority the war has not conquered or low-
ered. and the South will do right to claim and cher-
ish it.
Jn the same paper is printed an account of a ball
at tne Ballard House, given by officers of the Union
Army. The writer ridiculcs and insults Federal sol-
safety to the Government, but that he might
bribe them to the support of his policy by the
exercise of the pardoning power.
He has restored to rebels property of the
value of many millions of dollars, in violation
of law and in disregard of the rights of loyal
citizens.
He has without authority, without consider-
ation, and in violation of law transferred to
corporations controlled by rebels railroads con-
structed in part by the Government at a cost
of many millions, as he has also other property
used for insurrectionary purposes.
He has without authority and in violation of
law sold railroad rolling stock and other prop-
erty of the United States of the value of many
millions of dollars on a long credit with insuffi-
cient security for less than iU value to cor-
porations controlled by rebels, and when pay-
ments fell due he has corruptly and without
authority suspended indefinitely the perform-
ance of their obligations.
He has prostituted the power of appointment
to and removals from office to the maintenance
of his policy, regardless of and to the great
prejudice of the public interests, corrupting by
it as far as possible all who were base enough
to abandon principles, and exerting it in a spirit
of proscription and to an extent unknown in
any former administration.
diers, and after giving an account of the prelimina-
ries of the ball he proceeds:
"The evening arrives, the Ballard is resplendent;
there are the h Mighty dancers, tho massive, gorgeous
epaulets, the polished boots, the shining lace, and
the ubiquitous brass; there are women, too, and
southern women, we blush to say it. leaning on the
arms which guided the weapon or perhaps drew the
saber in the deadly conflict. The dance goes on.
Supper is announced. The band strikes up, and the
gay throng passes into the supper-room; we count
forty-five ladies in all; but, thank God! we see but
few of the Richmond ladies. But stop! whence that
joyous-lookins, biight-eyed southern girl? Do our
eyes deceive u^? Can it be? V/e look again; we doubt":
we look again, but it is so. We cast our eyes over
the room; but in thaterowd we can see only one other
ladyofRichmond. "We know thesupperisover: the
sound of music breaks forth, and the forty-five ladies
are soon again whirling in the dance. The music is
delightful; the room glitters with bra^s buttons and
epaulets: butwhereis thojoy for the southern heart?
Shall we fawn and truckle, plav the hypocrite and
smile when our hearts are full of woe? Where are
the memories of the battle-field?"
Other articles were published, when General Grant
issued the following:
Headquarters Armies of this Unit™ States,
Washington, February 17,1866.
You will please send to these headquarters, as soon
as practicable, and from time to time thereafter, such
copies of newspapers published hi your department
as contain sentiments of disloyalty and hostility to
the Government in any of its branches, and state
whether such paper is habitual in its utterances of
such sentiments. The persistent publication of arti-
cles calculated tokeepup hostilityof feelingbetwcen
the people of different sections ot the country cannot
be tolerated. This information is called for with a
view to their suppression, which will be done from
these headquarters only.
By command of Lieutenant General Grant:
T.S. BOWERS,
Assistant Adjutant General.
The Richmond Examiner was suppressed. Mr.
Pollard, the editor, came to Washington, sought the
President, begged that tho order be revoked, and was
referred to General Grant. Upon calling to see tho
latter, Pollard was requested to put his application
in wiiting. The followincrisa copy of General Grant's
reply, indorsed on the back of the application:
Reply to Application of II. Hives Pollard, praying a
revocation of the Order suppressing the Richmond
Examiner.
The course of the Examiner, in every number
which I have seen, has been such as to foster and
increase tho ill-feeling toward the Government of
the United States by tho discontented portion of the
southern people. I believe it to be for the best in-
terests of the whole people, North and South, to
suppress such utterances wherever the power exists
to do so. The power certainly does exist when mar-
tial law prevails, and will be exercised. Reluctant
as I was to pursue this course I have felt it my duty
to pursue it in this instance: and as much as I dis-
like to interfere with the interests of individuals, I
would deem it improper and mischievous in tendency
to revoke the order for the suppression of the llich-
mond Examiner at this time.
,U. S. GRANT.
Lieutenant General.
In February, 1866, Pollard published a card, in
which he says: :
"As lam not unwilling that the public should 1
knowwhat pledge.; I have rcallygiven to the author- i
He aimed a blow at the Constitution and the
liberties of the country by refusing to submit
appointments to office to the Senate for their
advice and consent, and by retaining men in
office regardless of that body.
He made an order removing all penalties
from a large number of persons marked as
deserters on the rolls of the War Department
for the purpose of securing the election of a
favorite candidate for Congress in West Vir-
ginia, regardless of duty and without evidence.
He assumed a power to dispense with the
acts of Congress, and appointed rebels to office
in violation of law. '
He refused to execute the laws for the pun-
ishment of traitors or for the confiscation of
their property or that used for insurrectionary
purposes.
By his proclamation of April 2, 1866, and
other acts, he assumed to himself the right to
determine when war had ceased, without con-
sulting the law-making power, by wHiose author-
ity alone war can be made and peace declared
in case of rebellion. The assumption of a
power to declare peace, to say when or how
long the laws of war shall continue, is simply
a power to terminate war at the pleasure of
the President, and might be made fatal to
national existence.
While these usurpations were being prac-
ticed the President maintained tho operation
of martial law in the rebel States,* suspending
from the right to hold office under the so-called
State authority whomsoever he chose.f While
maintaining the right to try civil offenders by
military commissions J and punish at his pleas-
ities at Washington, I append a copy of the letter
which I addressed to President Johnson, and upon
which.his action was based:
Washington, February 17,186G.
To the President :
If the publication of the Richmond Examiner is
permitted to be resumed I promise that it shall sup-
port the Union, the Constitution, and the laws, and
thepolicy of your administration.
I have tho honor to be, your obedient servant,
H. RIVES POLLARD.
"This is the sum-total of the pledges given by me.
"I knew nothing of General Grant's order for the
release of the office until I read it in the papers. I
saw that officer but once, when he refused emphat-
ically to revoke the order for the seizure of the office.
It was evident that I had nothing to hope from him,
for ho said to mo expressly that, if he had the author-
ity, he would that day suppress the New York News,
the Cincinnati Enquirer, and the Chicago Times,
adding that the 'Copperhead papers of the North,*
as he designated them, were doing quite as much
harm as the papers in the South. Deriving no sat-
isfaction from him I was forced to appeal to tho
President, giving him the pledge contained in the
letter above. It was written during my last inter-
view with the President and in his own office.
"To his kind and considerate hearing, and to his
sense of justice. I feel that I owe the restoration of
my paper. Without attempting to enter upon the
details of my interview, I may say with propriety
chatenough transpired toconvince me that the Pres-
ident is the true friend of the South, and that it is
the duty of our.people, as it shall be our pleasure in
the future, to extend to him a cordial and generous
support.''
upon this pledge to support " Johnson's policy"
Pollard was permitted by the President to resume
the publication of his paper.
* House Ex. Doc. 68, second session Thirty-Ninth
Congress,p. 8; House Roportl6,second session Thirty-
Ninth Congress, p. 16; McPherson's Political Manual,
for 1866-67, pp. 16,17.
f Case of Semmes.
Headquarters Department of Alabama,
May 17,1866.
In compliance with instructions from the President
of the United States, it is hereby directed that Ra-
phael Semmes be not permitted to hold or exercise
the function of judge of the probate court of Mobile
county, orany other civil or political office of trust,
while he remains unpardoned by the President.
By order of Brevet Major General Charles R.
Woods: A. RAMSAY MININGER,
Assistant Adjutant General.
Judge Bond will perform the duties of the office in
the mean time.
Case of Monroe, House Ex. Doc.GS.sccond session
Thirty-Ninth Congress; House Report 16, second ses-
sion Thirty-Ninth Congress.
t The Adjutant General's telegram of April 17,1866,
to General Tillson, and that of the President's Pri-
vate Secretary to Governor Worth, Amil 27,181)6, and
General Order No. 26, War Department, Mny 1,1806;
McPhci&on's Political Manual for 186*3-67. p. 17.
