1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29
40th Cong.,.. 1st Sess.
Reduction of the Currency—Mr. Butler,
Ho. op Reps.
Reduction of the Currency.
SPEECH OF HON. BENJ.F. BUTLER,
oj massachusetts,
In the House of Representatives,
November 26 and 27, 1867.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and having under con-
sideration House bill No. 89, relating to the reduction
of the currency-
Mr. BUTLER said: _
Mr._ Chairman : Having been so pointedly
and directly called upon by the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Blaine] to reply in some small
degree as I may to his criticisms upon what lie
has been pleased to term my financial scheme
I may have to ask the House, as I have neither
a speech written nor printed, and must speak,
therefore, with great slowness, because one can-
not speak glibly on the grave subjects of finance
unless he speaks from a written or printed
paper—I may therefore be obliged to ask the
House, contrary to my wont, to give me a little
more time to say as much in reply as the gen-
tleman from Maine has upon his chosen ground
of attack. I am sure the courtesy of my brother
members, knowing I have never spoken long,
will yield me that favor.
The gentleman from Maine seeks in the first
place to meet this great question of the finances
of the nation, more important than any ques-
tion we have settled except the question of
slavery, by an argument to the prejudice of the
House, knowing full well that the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Pendleton] may have some
theories on this question and political opinions
4n general which are distasteful to this House.
He has sought to prejudice the argument at
this point by coupling the views expressed by
me with those expressed by the gentleman from
Ohio. Now, why should he do that if he has a
good case? My argument, sir, will be neither
better nor worse, my views are neither more
nor less correct, because they are agreed to by
a gentleman from the West with whom on other
questions I disagree. It is because the gen-
tleman from Maine attempts to meet this ques-
tion, I respectfully submit to the House, not
by argument, but by prejudice.
The views entertained by Mr. Pendleton and
the views which I have put forth differ in this:
, so far as I understand him—and if I do him
wrong it is because I have not seen any author-
itative exposition of his position—ho would
issue legaj-tender notes to an amount sufficient
to take up all the national interest-bearing
bonds that may become due; he would by the
fiat of the Government issue promises to pay
without interest, to be used as currency in
excess, it may be, of the wants of the country,
to cancel the interest-bearing debt. The only
proposition which I hold in common with Mr.
Pendleton is that by the law of the land and
by the legal intcipvetation of the words of the
contract five-twenty bonds are payable, not in
coin, but in lawful money of the Jnited States.
Mr. PRUYN here said: Mr. Chairman, with
the permission of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts I beg leave to say that I do not under-
stand the views of Mr. Pendleton to be as broad
as has been stated by the gentleman from
Massachusetts. I understand Mr. Pendleton
to hold that by the terms of the law which
authorized the issues of the five-twenties the
principal may be paid by the Government in
paper, as they were paid for to the Government
by the purchasers, but that if a sound system
of finances be established, and the Government
expenses be properly reduced in accordance
with the views just urged by the gentleman
from Maine, the whole of the Government debt
will soon be placed upon a thoroughly sound
footing, and the question now under discussion
will be of comparatively little importance.
Mr. B UTLEU. I have no authority to speak
for Mr. Pendleton. I never exchanged a word
with him by letter or personally in my life. I
know nothing of his views except what I see
in the public papers, aud I say the only thing
in common between us is, that I hold, as I
suppose he does, that, by the letter, by the
spirit, and by the justice of the contract, the
five-twenties are payable in the lawful money
of the United States.
Now, there are three grounds upon which
the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Blaine] insists
that this is not so. He says first, by the letter
of the law the five-twenties are payable in coin.
Let us carefully examine that proposition. And
in order to understand precisely how the law
applies, take it with you that up to the time of
the issuing of the five-twenties no loan of the
United States had ever been issued payable in
anything else than coin. The gentleman says
no loan had ever been issued in which anything
was said as to what was the currency in which
it was payable. Why? Because up to that
time there was never any currency known to
the Government of the United States other
than coin. Therefore the seven-thirties of 18G1
and the 1881 sixes of 1861, with all the debt
prior to the war, were, in letter and in spirit,
payable in coin. Because Congress in issuing
them was dealing with a condition of things
and a currency then existing, and therefore the
1881 sixes are payable, according to the fair
spirit of the contract, in coin. Therefore I
enunciate, as my first proposition, and one that
I shall endeavor to enforce on the House and
the country, that every dollar of indebtment
of the United States which is contracted by the
acts of Congress making it payable in coin
shall be paid in .coin although it takes the last
dollar to pay it; but every debt contracted
not payable in coin shall be paid in the lawful
money of the United States, such as you paid
your soldiers with and such as you furnish to
your citizens; such as alone is now used as
money of the Government, and upon which
alone you impress the image and superscription
of the Government as a guarantee that it shall
hereafter be made good.
Now, then, when the argument is pressed
upon me that in the loan bills passed pre-
viously to the five-twenty loan nothing was
said as to the currency in which the bonds
should be paid, I reply that there was but one
currency at the time they were passed in
which they could be contracted or payable.
But that state of things changed on the 25th
of February, 1862. The Congress of the Uni-
ted States had to provide means for carrying
on the war; accordingly it passed a law, the
first section of which provided for §150,000,000
of legal-tender notes, the language of which,
as to their validity and effect, is in these words:
"And such notes, herein authorized, shall be re-
ceivable in payment of all taxes, internal duties,
excises, debts, and demands of every kind, due to the
United States, except duties on imports, and for all
claims and demands against the United States of
every kind whatsoever"—
Except what ?
" except for interest upon bonds and notes, which
shall be paid in coin: and shall also belawful money
and a legal tender in payment of all debts, public and
private, within the United States, except duties on
imports and interests as aforesaid/'
These are the provisions of the first section
of the act thus creating "a lawful money,"
payable and receivable for every debt, public
or private, kno%vn to the law or known in the
United States, except what? Except interest
on the bonds and notes of the United States.
Now, what does the second section provide?
It authorized $500,000,000 of bonds regis-
tered or coupon, payable at the option of the
United States in five years, and in twenty
years at all events. Payable how? Let me
read again, so that I may not be mistaken :
" to an amount not exceeding S500,000,000, pay-
able in twenty years from date, and bearing a rate
ot six per cent., payable semi-annually.'
Not a word is here said as to the money in
which these bonds shall be paid, either as to
principal or interest. And why ? Because
the very section preceding had provided that
the interest of all notes or bonds of the Uni-
ted States should be paid in coin, and had
further enacted another lawful money -which
should be receivable in payment of all indebt-
ment of the United States whatsoever, except
duties on imports, and interest on the public
debt. Is not the principal of the debt, an indebt-
ment other than interest?
There is the plain letter of the law. I need
not discuss this point further. If there is any
lawyer who, reading this law without taking
into consideration anything except what stands
on the statute-book, will tell me that this law
enacts that the principal of the five-twenties is
payableincoin,then "for himhaveloffended,"
and either he is or I am so stupid as not to be
worthy of an argument.
But the gentleman does not leave his propo-
sition upon this only. The next ground he puts
it on is, what this or that Congressman said or
omitted to say in his speech as to the currency
in which .this loan should be paid. And the
first evidence of the contract he puts forward
is that the honorable member from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Stevens]—not now in his seat—did
not say, at the time the act was passed, that the
principal was payable in currency. Well, the
gentleman from Pennsylvania sets forth in a
letter recently written by him as a reason why
he did not say it was payable in currency, that
he did not think anybody but a fool would think
it was not. That is not my language; it is hi3;
that is the ground he puts it on ; and when he
comes in he and the gentleman from Maine can
fight the battle out. I am quite certain that the
old man sarcastic will take care of himself when
he does get here without any aid from me ; and
therefore I pass from further consideration of
this topic.
But it is said that various speeches were made
on the one side and the other, which are cited
to interpret this contract. I had supposed that
there is no better settled rule of interpretation
of either public or municipal law, or of the law
of nations, than that nobody is bound by any
portion of the negotiations or any portion of
the declarations made either in regard to a
treaty or a law prior to the enactment of the
law or conclusion of the treaty, because the
enactment settles the terms of the whole obli-
gation, and you cannot go to the speech of this
member or that member, in case of legislation,
to find out what the legislation means, nor can
you go to the protocols and negotiations prior
to a treaty to find out what the treaty means.
You must take it upon the letter, and I have
never yet found any man bold enough—until
my friend from Maine exhibited a degree of
courage much superior to any bravery required
to face Minie bullets in the field—bold enough to
insist that the letter of the law did not authorize
payment of the principal of the five-twenty bonds
in lawful money of the United States.
The next class of arguments thatlhe gentle-
man from Maine puts forward on this question is
the proposals in the advertisements of those he
terms the authorized agents of the United States
who disposed of the loan. Allow me here to say
that for contracting a national debt I know no
other authorized agent of the nation but the
CongressoftheUnitedStates; Iknownobroker,
whether he is in the Treasury office or out of it,
that has a right to fix the terms of the national
debt for the United States. No man is author-
ized to pay a dollar of money unlessappropriated
by the Congress of the United States, and there-
fore no man can contract a dollar's debt unless
authorized directly and distinctly by an act of
the Congress of the United States. I agree that
Mr. Jay Cooke advertised, after some sort, when
endeavoring to sell it, that the principal of this
loan was payable in coin; but in the same news-
paper you find another of his advertisements,
intended also to sell the loan, that "a national
debt is a national blessing." Are we bound
by contract to that? It', as the gentleman claims,
we are bound by advertisements in the one
