32
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[November 2f,
Ho. of Reps.
' Reduction of the Currency—Mr. Butler.
40th Cong...; 1st Sess.
absorbed by the community to the degree that
they are required for business purposes. They
may be issued to the degree they will be ab-
sorbed as currency. I think that the country
can bear to-day some two hundred millions
more of them, not issued primarily and arbi-
trarily for the purpose of paying off the inter-
est-bearing debt, but issued for the purpose of
providing a currency for the country which
should not be so contracted as to bring ruin, as
now, upon the business interests of the coun-
try. When you have issued two hundred
millions more of these greenbacks and paid
your interest-bearing debt with them, have
you altered their relation to property, to each
other, or to gold? Are they appreciated or
depreciated ? Appreciated, in fact, because
you save the interest on the two hundred mil-
lions which you have paid off with them ; de-
preciated if you issue more than will be ab-
sorbed as currency, because business men do
not want- non-interest-bearing notes on hand;
and if they are not needed as currency they
will sell them at a discount for some property
that will pay interest.
Now, then, sir, let me state, for the benefit
of my friend, my proposition of finance, and
the House can contrast it with any other that
may be better, and there will be found better I
doubt not. There are now some two thousand
five hundred millions of debt. Some two thou-
sand millions of it stand in the shape of inter-
est-bearing debt. There are nineteen different
kinds of that description of debt bearing differ-
ent rates of interest and times of payment.
There are some five hundred millions, more or
less, in various fo/ms of non-interest-bearing
debt, gold certificates, legal-tender notes, and
others. Now, my proposition is that, in the
first place, we should substitute greenbacks for
the national bank currency, releasing to the
banks the bonds which we hold as security for
that national bank currency. It can be done
without shock to the business of the country.
[At this point Mr. Boiler gave way to a
motion that the committee rise. The motion
was agreed to, and the House adjourned.]
Wednesday, November 27, 1867.
The House being again in Committee of theWliole
on the state of the Union on the same subject—
Mr. BUTLER, said:
Mr. Chairman : When the committee rose
I was endeavoring to put before it the way in
which the national bank circulation might be
withdrawn from the banks and legal-tender
notes substituted without shock to the business
of the country. I agree, sir, that any proposi-
tion of legislation is vicious which tends in any
considerable degree to interfere with the indus-
trial pursuits of the people, but I propose wo
should enact in some proper form that the
Secretary of the Treasury should each month
retain in the Treasury all the national bank
bills which have been collected by the collectors
of the internal revenue, or which have come
through other means into the Treasury of the
United States, and at the same time should
issue to the banks, if they desire to receive
them, or to issue in payment of the interest-
bearing notes which are payable in currency an
equal amount of legal tenders. In a very few
months, four or five, the national bank notes
would be withdrawn from circulation and their
place supplied with greenbacks without any
shock to the business of the country; and .pari
passu, the bonds of the banks held as security
for these notes could be restored to them. This
proposition, sir, if carried out would put into
circulation some three hundred million dollars
more of national legal-tender notes without
increasing that circulation, and release the
country from the payment of between twenty
and thirty million dollars in currency which
is now paid to the national banks on these bonds,
and the place of their bills would be taken by
the non-interest-bearing notes of the United
States without any shock to the business of the
country.
What objections are urged to this proposi-
tion ? The first is that it would be a breach
of faith with the banks. I would like some
gentleman to put his finger upon any act of
Congress by which we pledged ourselves for a
single day longer than good pleasure and dis-
cretion of the Congress of the United States
thought best to allow this bank currency to
exist. What effect would it have upon the
banks? Those dependent wholly upon their
circulation, which are not in fact banks of loans
and deposits, would wind up, and their man-
agers would seek some other and equally honest
employment. Banks that are needed would
still be banks of loan and discount, but not of
circulation.
It is said that the banks furnish now the best
currency this country ever saw, because it is
the same in New Orleans, Boston, New York,
and Chicago. But what is the currency? It
is the notes of the bank. What makes them
equal all over this country ? It is the indorsement
of the United States. So that we have come
into this very remarkable position, that when
a bank breaks its currency is better than when
it was solvent, and sells at a slight premium.
Therefore, as the United States is primarily
responsible for all the circulation, we ought to
supply the currency to the people and receive
the profit of doing it.
But it is said that the banks really cost the
United States nothing. One of the ablest bank-
ers of them all, Mr. Jay Cooke, has under-
taken to tell us that the banks pay in taxes a
large amount, and therefore in equity we ought
not to disturb them. Sir, if Mr. Jay Cooke
or any one else will tell me of any business in
this country that is not taxed and does not pay
a large amount of taxes, then I will agree that
the banks are not favored. Take for example
a manufacturer. Take a single case, only two
years ago, in the State of Massachusetts, of a
manufacturing corporation of $750,000 capi-
tal and of §1,500,000 annual product of manu-
factured goods. It exactly divided profits with
the United States. Its stockholders received
two dividends of five per cent, each on $750,000,
and it paid five per cent, tax on the entire
amount of production, $1,500,000; so that
they in fact took the United States into part-
nership, only the United States got all the
profits, but the stockholders bore all the loss.
Now, if there is any greater or more onerous
burden of taxes on the banks than that, I have
yet to learn where it is.
Again, it is said that this banking system is
a better one than we ever had. For some pur-
poses so it is. And it is said, further, that if
we do not encourage it we shall go back to the
old State bank system. No, Mr. Chairman,
never, never! The day of State banks has
gone by. They were always, in my poor judg-
ment, unconstitutional; but they got them-
selves fastened on to the country, and there
was never power enough, until the necessities
of the country required a new system of finance,
to break off their hold. We have rid the coun-
try of them, and the Congress of the United
States, ay, and the good judgment of the peo-
ple, will never permit that system again to be
imposed upon the country.
What is the next proposition ? Why, it is said
we must not interfere with the national banks
because they patriotically helped us during the
war. Upon that I take issue with each and
every advocate of the banks. On the contrary,
they helped themselves, not us. It is said they
loaned money to the Government. How did
they do it? Let me state the way a national
bank got itself into existence in New England
during the war, when gold was 200, and five-
twenties were at par, incurrency, ornearlythat.
A company of men got together $300,000 in
national bank bills, and went to the Register
of the Treasury with gold at 200 and bought
United States live-twenty bonds at par. They
stepped into the office of the Comptroller of
the Currency and asked tQbe established as a
national bank, and received from him $270,000
in currency, without interest, upou pledging
these bonds of the United States they had just
bought with their $300,000 of the same kind
of money. Now, let us balance the books,
and how does the account stand ? Why, the
United States Government receives $30,000
in national bank bills more from the banks
than it gave them in bills ; in other words, it
borrowed of the bank $80,000 in currency, for
which, in fact, it paid $18,000 a year in gold
interest, equal to $3G,000 in currency, for the
use of this $30,000. Let me repeat. The dif-
ference between what the United States re-
ceived and paid out was only $30,000, and for
the use of that the Government pay on the
bonds deposited by the company, bought with
the same kind of money, $18,000 a year inter-
est in gold, equal to $36,000 in currency.
But the thing did not stop there. The gen-
tlemen were shrewd financiers; their bank was
a good one ; they went to the Secretary of the
Treasury and said, " Let our bank be made a
public depository." Very well; it was a good
bank; the managers were good men ; there
was no objection to the bank. It was made a
public depository, and thereupon the commis-
saries, the quartermasters, the medical director
and purveyor, and the paymasters were all
directed to deposit their public funds in this
bank. Very soon the bank found that they had
a line of steady deposits belonging to the Gov-
ernment of about a million dollars, and that
the $270,000 they had received from the Comp-
troller of the Currency would substantially
carry on their daily business, and as the Gov-
ernment gives three days on all its drafts if
the' bank was pressed it was easy enough to go
on the street if they had good security. They
took the million of Government money so de-
posited with them and loaned it to the Gov-
ernment for the Government's own bonds, and
received therefor $60,000 more interest in gold
for the loan to the Government of its own
money, which incurrencywas equal to $120,000.
So that when we come finally to balance the
books the Government is paying $156,000 a
year for the loan of $30,000. And this is the
system which is to be fastened forever on the
country as a means of furnishing a circulating
medium!
• This, only using round numbers for the pur-
pose of illustration, is an actual and not a
feigned occurrence. You will see it was a per-
fectly safe operation for the banks, though not
a very profitable one for the Government, be-
cause they held ample security for the Govern-
ment deposits in its own bonds. But the diffi-
culty is the Government was paying interest all
the while on its own deposits; and this state of
facts is only rendered possible b3r this system
of supplying the banks with circulation by the
Government without interest.
The next reason advanced why we should
not interfere with these banks, if I understand'
it, is that we are told by very high authority
this system will become the banking system of
the world; having inaugurated it, we are so
much in love with it that all the nations will
pattern after it. Let the rest of the world try
it for a few years when we have done with it,
and then, if the rest of the nations adopt it, we
can return to it, but not till then.
Sir, am I slandering these institutions? Aro
they not making money at a rate which is be-
yond all precedent. Let me state another
case, which might be an actual case, and per-
haps I could call the name of the man. A
very shrewd man takes his $100,000 and goes
to the Treasury and obtains bonds; he then
gets a banking charter, and receives his bills
amounting to $90,000; then lie buys with
those same bills $90,000 worth of bonds, and
comes home and sits in his office, and that is
his bank, and his money is all in circulation.
Says ho: Why should I trouble myself to lend
