186?.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-DOBE.
33
40tii Cong.... 1st Sess.
Reduction of the Currency—Mr. Butler,
Ho. of Reps.
my money to the farmers around me on sixty-
day notes when I can lend it at from-ten to
twelve per cent, on long twenty-year Govern-
ment bonds, and Mr. Blaine says f am to be
paid in gold for them ; that is as good bank-
ing- as 1 want to do; the bills never come
home; they are going all over the West and
South, and I am getting $22,800 interest on
my original §100,000; what do I want more;
I am comfortable and happy; I think this
" banking system is the wisest one the world
ever saw, and that it ought to be adopted all
the world over."
But let us take the banks' own exhibit of
themselves. I hold in my hand the abstract of
reports of national banking associations for the
1st of October last. Let us see their condition.
They have $419,000,000 of capital stock paid
in; they have been in operation on an average
of less than four years; they have divided from
twelve to twenty per cent., about twelve in New
England and from fifteen to twenty per cent,
where money is scarcer and the rate of interest
rules higher. In addition to these dividends,
take their own statement: "surplus fund,
$66,000,000; undivided profits, $33,, 000,000
showing that they have got, after all these divi-
dends, near twenty-live percent, surplus of that
capital stock laid away. What other business,
taxed or untaxed, if any untaxed business can
be found in this country, will allow a yearly
dividend of from fifteen to twenty-five per cent,
and a surplus accumulation in four years of
twenty-five per cent, on the capital? And from
whom and from where do these' profits come?
They come-ultimately from where all taxation,
all profits, all productions must come, the labor
of the country and nowhere else; and we are
asked here to perpetuate a system which takes
these immense profits from the labor of the
country and puts them into the hands of capi-
talists without a pretense of adequate benefit
received by the people.
Why, sir, it is an axiom in finance, if there
are any axioms in finance, that any business
which is safe should have small profits, and busi-
ness that is hazardous should have large profits;
but here the state of things is reversed; the
banking business, which, if well conducted, is
the safest business on earth, and which hereto-
fore has always been content with small profits,
is now the most profitable of all businesses, and
has the largest returns without any risks.
Every member of this House can argue these
propositions for himself better than lean argue
them for him. It is my part only to suggest the
topics upon the question of currency. I insist,
as my first proposition, that there should be this
change in bank circulation, and by that means
we would diminish our interest-bearing debt
$300,000,000 by redeeming it with the green-
backs we should thus issue.
We have to-day in circulation in various
forms in round numbers $759,000,000. A por-
tion of it, I agree,isloekedup in banks; fifteen
per cent, in the countfy. and-twenty-five per
cent, in the city banks as their currency for the
redemption of their bills; a procedure the wis-
dom of which I have yet to be taught, because
the United States is the final indorser and payer
of all their bills. 1 do not see how it makes it
any safer to lock up fifteen to twenty-live per
cent, of the indorser's notes for their redemp-
tion ; and I desire some of the able bankers in
this House to explain to me what good result is
hoped for from this smothering of a portion of
the national currency, whichithe banks take care,
however, shall be interest-bearing to therm
I will suggest a reason why that require-
ment was placed in the statute-book. There
was a lingering idea in law of the old specie
basis, and of getting an equivalent in its place.
Legislators seem to have forgotten that we
had wandered away from the specie basis;
that they were putting in its place but the
notes of the United States to redeem notes of
the United States. If we can release, there-
fore, the whole circulation of about seven hun-
40tii Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 3.
dred million dollars, perhaps that will relieve
the present contraction in the currency.
We are told that we must preserve the na-
tional banks, because if we do- not there will
be nobody to circulate our money. Let us
examine that a moment. If money will not
circulate it is because nobody wants money.
My anxiety is to provide the people with money
that they do want and will circulate, not with
money they' do not want. I have never yet
seen any man who has refused the notes of the
United Stages when the Government has paid
them out. When I find such a man, I will
agree to charter a bank for the purpose of
forcing them upon him, and not until then.
The truth is, that at the present hour the coun-
try is suffering from the want of 'those very
notes. We have nominally some seven hun-
dred and fifty millions of currency, but actu-
ally only about five hundred and fifty millions
in circulation. I wish I could stop to explain
to the House how this can be, but it can easily
be seen by examining the bank returns. We
find the fact to be that we have not circula-
tion enough. Compare it with what was the
circulation before the war. Mr. Chase reported
the circulation of this country before the war,
including gold, to be about four hundred and
seventy-seven million dollars, and upon exam-
ination I can see no reason to find fault with
that estimate. Now we have only $550,000,000
in actual circulation, though weare domgmore
tha-n three times the business calling for the use
of cash that we were doing before the war. Dur-
ing the ten years from 1847 to 1857 the deposits
and circulation of the banks averaged about
thirteen dollars per man. Now, oil account
of our doing so much more of our business for
.cash, the deposits and circulation of the banks
are about twenty-four dollars per man. And
if you take into consideration the currency fur-
nished by the United States, the $300,000,000
of greenbacks, or about that sum, you will find
that it is about thirty-four dollars per man,
reckoning thirty-six million people in the Uni-
ted States. This shows that we require in
our business three times, or certainly two and
a half times, as much cash as before the war.
Everybody knows this to be fact.
How was it before the war with the eastern
manufacturer? He sent to New Orleans and
bought his cotton, giving drafts forsix or eight
months. The merchant in New Orleans came
East and bought the manufactured goods, giv-
ing his notes for from six months to a year;
and all the cash that was wanted was enough
to settle up the balances.
And now, when we send out for cotton we
must send out greenbacks, because of the
change in the mode of doing business ; and we
have a currency that stands at par there, and
for what they want from us they must send the
greenbacks. Every one knows that the busi-
ness of this country is done twice or thrice as
much in cash as it was before the war; and
therefore I think tbis country will bear from
eight hundred to a thousand million dollars of
circulation without redundancy as soon as busi-
ness revives, and that will make it revive. But
my friends say "that may bo too much." Per-
haps it may be; but it is very easy, it seems to
me, for us to have that amount of circulation
without redundancy ; and as each legal-tender
note is, as we have seen, a part of the debt
secured bv mortgage of the whole property of
the UniteS States, without depreciation.
Our debt now is $2,500,000,000, about
$2,200,000,000 of it interest-bearing. Suppose
we issue our legal-tender greenbacks, as 1 will
call them for convenience, and buy up or
redeem our interest-bearing debt that is due to
the amount of $1,000,000,000. lhen our debt
stands, $1,000,000,000 of non-interest-bearing
debt and $1,500,000,000 of interest-bearing
debt. Now, ifthat$l.000,000.000 of circulation
is too much, i. e., more than is needed for cur-
rency, I agree with the gentleman from Maine
that it will be depreciated. But what is too
much ? Too much is more than will be absorbed
as currency in the business of the country. That
is to say, if because of an over-issue by the
Government there is an accumulation of non-
interest-bearing notes, greenbacks, in the hands
of any man, they are not productive, and he
will dispose of them at a discount, if he can do
no better, for something that is productive.
The only question as to redundancy, therefore,
is whether the notes in his hands are worth
more for use in his business as currency than
they would be to him if invested in a loan to the
Government. Now, then, I propose that for
$300,000,000 of this non-interest-bearing debt
we shall issue an interest-bearing loan at once
wliieh shall be that exact loan which my friend
from Maine yesterday thought would be so
absurd—a loan bearing a low rate of interest
and convertible and reeonvertible into green-
backs at the pleasure of the holder at any day
and any hour.
Let us see how such a loan would operate.
A man has more money than he wants to use.
He with such a loan can go to a public depos-
itory, leave his money and take his bond.
Then when he wants his money again he goes
to the depository, leaves his bond and takes
his money for his bond, principal and interest ;
that is to say, when the non-interest-bearing
notes of the United States are worth less to a
business man than this bond he will exchange
it for this bond; when the notes as currency are
worth more to him to use in business or specu-
lation than the investment he will return the
bond and take the currency. Thus, without
any banks to push out the circulation just when
it is not wanted or draw it back just when it is
wanted, as the practice now is, we shall have
an automatic financial system, self-regulating,
or rather regulated by the great law of supply
and demand, the best of all regulators. When
money is wanted by the business community
up to the amount of notes issued by the United
States, it will be at once got; wheft it is
not wanted, it will be returned to the Gov-
ernment, which being a borrower for a long
series of years to come will be glad to take it.
There can be no redundancy, because every
man will know exactly where to place these non-
interest-bearing notes when he has got through
with tliem as money. When money is wanted
at the West to move your crops in the fall
you take it from the Treasury and move the
crops : when you get through with the money
you take it back to the Treasury and get the
bonds, in the same manner as when you have
got through with your wagons you put them
back in your barns for use next year. Thus
the whole monetary system of the country will
go on without redundancy and without shock
and without inflation.
More than that, sir, as I believe I demon-
strated yesterday, it will be impossible to have
inflation, because this currency being convert-
ible and reeonvertible from time to time, and
being always an integral part of the public
debt, it will never change its relative value to
the property of the people of the United States.
Why, sir, what is the measure of the value of
your house? If it is worth $10,000 it is ten
thousand twenty-five hundred millionth parts
of the public debt; and it will remain so until
a portion of that debt is paid, when it will be
appreciated, or until the public debt is ex-
panded when it will be depreciated. It will
remain of exactly the same relative value
however much the form of the public debt be
changed, but will always be more valuable as
the public debt grows more valuable, i. c., as it
diminishes.
My hour is nearly exhausted and I am warned
that I must spend no more time in elaborating
the details of this proposition : but I ask gen-
tlemen to apply to this question their own acute
judgments and tell me, it they can, where is
the fault in the reasoning; because the only
valuable purpose that can be served by this
discussion is to elicit what we all desire to
