34
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[November 21,
Ho. of Reps.
Reduction of the Currency—Mr, Butler.
40th Cong 1st Sess.
arrive at—the best system of finance, to do
what? To lessen the burden of taxation and
to relieve the loyal, true-hearted, but over-
burdened people from this so great weight of
taxation.
Now, sir, if I am right, and if the country
will bear this thousand millions of non-interest-
bearing notes as currency—and if it will not,
the good judgment of the Ways and Means Com-
mittee, and the Committee on Banking and Cur-
rency will settle that for us on full examination,
so that I certainly may use that sum for illustra-
tion in so far as it will bear it—so far will it
diminish the interest-bearing debt. You will,
therefore, bring the interest-bearing debt down
to $1,500,000,000, where it can easily be
managed. It is said you must not pay these
five-twenties in greenbacks? Why, sir, you will
never need to pay them in greenbacks.
What shall you do, then? You should issue
a loan on long time, at a low rate of interest,
thirty or fifty years, withtheproeeedsof which
to-redeem them or to be exchanged for them.
For, sir, I am not for this generation paying
all this debt. I think we had done our share
when we contracted it. [Laughter.] We ought
to leave it to our children to do theirs by pay-
ing it. I see gentlemen smile. But, sir, in all
solemnity, when we contracted this we con-
tracted it with the loss of the best blood of the
nation and the loss of the best lives we had;
in suffering, in sorrow, in labor, in woe, amid
horrors unnumbered, to save this great experi-
ment of Government, republican in form and
freedom for all, for them and for our posterity
forever, and they owe us some debt of gratitude
for that so great toon; and should we who bore
all the suffering and agony bear also all the tax-
ation consequent upon this great work ?
I say, then, let us change these $1,500,000,-
000 of interest-bearing debt into a long loan—
a taxable loan, taxable by State and munici-
pal authorities. But some friend of mine may
say that if we make the loan taxable by States
the States will tax the loan out of existence;
that there may be some State hostile to the
General Government which will tax the loan
out of existence. I beg his pardon; such hos-
tile taxation will only tax the loan out of that
State, and deprive the citizens of that State of
a profitable and desirable investment, which
will be taken up by citizens of other States
where it is not so taxed.
There are some disadvantages in a taxable
loan worthy of examination. Let us consider
thera. It is said that no Government ever
allowed another subordinate government to tax
its loans. True, but there never was before
any Government, like ours, having a complex
government of States and a national Govern-
ment over all and the people the same in both
and each.
It is said that what States get by taxing the
loan to carry on their municipal governments
the general Government loses. But is this so ?
The people have to pay the taxes to sustain
both State and national Governments. So what
the people lose as citizens of the United States
because of taxation of the loan they gain as
citizens of the State by taxation ; for the peo-
ple at last pay all. lose all, and suffer all. If
it be said that there will be inequality of taxa-
tion it is answered again that unjust taxation,
too burdensome, will only drive the loan out of
such State, so that in practice there can be no
inequality.
Another objection is that you cannot sell a
taxable loan at so high a price. Why not?
Because it will depreciate because of taxation.
It will depreciate, however, exactly according
to the amount levied upon it by taxation. Be
it so. Who gets the benefit of that taxation ?
Whj, sir, the people. All that it depreci-
ates because of taxation, being received back
from the taxes, will relieve the people from so
much taxation. If in some States the loan is
taxed more than in others there will not be any
unequality, because such excess of taxation
will only send that form of investment out of
that municipality.
There is another objection to a taxable loan,
namely: that it is a form of investment easily
to be concealed from taxation. But it cannot
any more easily be concealed as an invest-
ment than can notes, bonds, or money in all
shapes. Let me ask you what is the opera-
tion to-day of your five-twenty non-taxable
loan. A capitalist has money which he is
using in his business, and he sees the assessor
coming round. He goes into market and puts
his money into Government bonds. The
assessor calls, the man has no taxable prop-
erty, the assessor passes by, and the next day
the artful dodger sells his bonds for the money,
and goes on speculating. He saves the taxa-
tion, and next year he repeats the operation.
These are, I understand, some of the objec-
tions to taxable loans. But it has also its
advantages. In the first place it puts the
wealth of the country, and the labor of the
country upon an equal footing as to taxation.
It compels the surplus wealth as well as the
industry of the country to be taxed.
Another advantage of a taxable loan is that
it relieves the public debt from an apparent
injustice. And it is of no consequence how
small the injustice is, for the people feel an
unjust burden, however light, more than a just
burden, however heavy.
Still another advantage is claimed for a tax-
able loan. It has been held by many finan-
ciers—I do not claim to be enough of a finan-
cier to give an opinion as to the merit of the
claim, but each gentleman will settle the ques-
tion for himself—that it is a great advantage to
borrow money abroad, in the various markets
of the world, at low rates of interest. There-
fore we find our canal and railroad companies
and all great enterprises attempting to place
their bonds in Europe. If that is good finan-
ciering, what is the objection to our national
loans going abroad, provided we get back the
money for them? The principal objection has
been found to be that whenever there is war or
rumor of war abroad, a financial panic is created
there, our bonds come home for realization and
interfere with our money relations and unset-
tle our business. But if our bonds are taxable
for State or municipal purposes, they would
not of course be taxable abroad, and would
then stand from ten to fifteen per cent, higher
there—perhaps twenty or twenty-five per cent,
higher—no man can tell, until the theory is
reduced to practice, how much higher than at
home; and the holder abroad, having to con-
sent to so great a sacrifice before he could
realize on them, would not be very likely to
send them home upon us, which is the greatest
danger now to our finances whenever there is
the slightest financial trouble in Europe.
Such a taxable loan held abroad would be
kept there steadily. If, however, any great
trouble should happen in Europe so that the
bonds would be sent home at all hazards, they
would comeatsuch lowrates as to be econom-
ically and readily bought up here, and our
people could afford to take them even with the
burden of tax upon them.
Therefore, I have no doubt that a loan of
$1,500,000,000 for thirty or fifty years could be
placed to-morrow at five per cent, if taxable,
with which to get the money to redeem the five-
twenties or in which to exchange them, and
thus save millions of taxation. I sliould pre-
fer, so far as I am advised, until I hear further
debate, that such bond should be a taxable one
of five per cent., or three and sixty-five hun-
dredths sterling, if untaxable. Either would
sell, in my opinion, to-morrowat as high rates in
the markets of Europe as does our five-twenty
loan now, while they would not interfere with the
ability of this country to pay its debts or keep
our loan down both at home and abroad. Our
loan does not now sell at a discount because
anybody doubts the ability of this country to
pay every dollar it has contracted.
A Member. Nor its willingness?
Mr. BUTLER. Nor its willingness. No-
body doubts that. I am obliged to my friend
for the suggestion. I think I can convince
the House that nobody doubts its willingness.
What are our gold certificates—$14,000,000 of
them—only promises of the United States to
pay in gold on demand. And yet they are at a
little premium over gold, both at home and
abroad, because they are more convenient to
handle. If anybody feared the willingness of
the United States Government to pay accord-
ing to its promise or doubted its ability, why
should not these gold certificates go belowpar?
It is because all people understand that when
we promise to pay in gold by a contract upon
which my friend from Maine [Mr. Blaine] does
not need to make an argument to show it is a
gold contract, or my older friend from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevexs] doesnotneedto explain
to us hereafter what is meant by the law—when
it is on the face of the certificate, "payable
in gold on demand," then that promise is
above par. Jhis pledge of the Government
causes that note to stand better than gold in
the markets of the world to-day.
Nay, more, our ten-forty, five percent, bonds,
having six years only more to run before the
Government has the option of paying them,
and therefore hardly to be considered as a
funded debt, are selling now within one or two
per cent, of some of the five-twenty six per
ce;it. loans, payable in gold according to the
argument of my friend from Maine. What
makes the difference? On five-twenties there
is one per cent, interest due more than on
the other. Why do they come so near to each
other in price ? It is because no man can read
the statute-book and doubt that the one is pay-
able in gold and the other in lawful money of
the United States.
Therefore I repeat, that in the markets of
the world there is no doubt, as there is none
in any man's mind, of the willingness or the
ability of the United States Government to
perform its'contract. But the doubt is as to
what is the contract—whether it is a contract
of Jews and sharpers or a contract of the Con-
gress of the United States.
But I am met right here again with the prop-
osition. Why stir this now ? Since I began
my speech half a dozen gentlemen, some
friendly and some unfriendly, have tipped me
on the shoulder and said, ''Now, Mr. Butler,
what is the us£ of making a fuss about this
now? Why not let these bonds run twenty
years and by that time gold and greenbacks
will be the same? Why disturb the matter?
What are yougetting up this row for?'' [Laugh-
ter.]
A Member. A sensible question. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. BUTLER. Yes, very sensible, and
I am going to answer it in a sensible man-
ner ; and the answer is this, that these five-
twenty bonds are on eleven to twelve per cent,
interest, and they will double oftener than
once in eight years; and if we let them go on
for twenty years the people will have to pay
them twice over in interest, and then owe them
still. That is the answer. Is there not good
sense in that, now? [Laughter.] The reason
why I am anxious about this now is that it is
our urgent, pressing duty, not to be shunned
or avoided, to relieve the people from the bur-
den of this great weight of taxation.
Let me restate it so that nobody will forget
it. At the rate of interest we are paying these
bonds double once in six years ; at six per
cent, they double once in eleven years, and
with the tax making eight per cent, they will
double once in about eight years. Set down
the figures and when you find out lot me know
how the figures read.
Mr. SPALDING. The gentleman is mis-
taken.
Mr. BUTLER, When do you say they will
double at eight per cent. ?
