1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35
40th Cong....1st Sess.
jReduction of the Currency—Mr. Butler.
Ho. of Heps.
Mr. SPALDING. Once in about twelve
years.
Mr. BUTLER. Six per cent, in gold, with
the tax off, equal to eight per cent semi-annu-
ally at compound interest, and it will not double
under twelve years! I do not know anything
about figures in Ohio, but figures in Massachu-
setts do not bring out that result. [Laughter.]
Mr. SPALDING. We have had enough of
that sort of wit.
Mr. BUTLER. I presume you have had
enough, sir.
Mr. PRICE. Will the gentleman yield to
me just a moment?
Mr. BUTLER. Certainly.
Mr. PRICE. I presume the gentleman from
Massachusetts means to be correct.
Mr. BUTLER. Yes, I try to be, exactly.
Mr. PRICE. And to place upon record facts
in reference to those things about which he
talks.
Mr. BUTLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. PRICE. He said a moment ago that
the difference between ten-forties and five-
twenties was one per cent. I was Satisfied in
my own mind that was a mistake and on refer-
ring to the document I find that on the 20th
of November five-twenties were 108 and ten-
forties 102J.
Mr. BUTLER. Has the gentleman read
quotations of the lowest five-twenties and the
highest ten-forties?
Mr. PRICE. I read those of 1862; I have
not read the list.
Mr. BUTLER. Ah! that will not do, if you
please, those of 1865 are lower. [Laughter.]
Mr. PRICE. Well, I will give them all if
the gentleman wishes it.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
from Massachusetts yield further to the gentle-
man from Iowa?
Mr. BUTLER. Oh, certainly; I yield to
everybody in this discussion.
Mr. PRICE. I do not wish to encroach on
the gentleman's time.
Mr. BUTLER. It is no encroachment.
Mr. PRICE. The statement made was evi-
dently incorrect, I presume unintentionally so,
and I thought it best to put the gentleman
right.
Mr. BUTLER. Now, will the gentleman
take one or two things into this calculation and
then I will stand corrected. He read from the
quotation in the newspapers. Will he tell me
how long before the coupons of the five-twenties
are payable and how much interest is due,
whether they are "flat," to use the language
of the broker's board, and how long before
the coupons of the ten-forties are payable? If
he will make the calculation he will find this
statement to be correct, and I am ready to
meet him anywhere upon it; he will find that
between the lowest class of five-twenties and
the highest class of ten-forties there is less than
two per cent, difference.
Mr. PRICE. Does the gentleman want an
answer to that?
Mr. BUTLER. Certainly.
Mr. PRICE. I need not say to the gentle-
man, I presume, nor to any gentleman in this
House, that the coupons of the bonds that I
have quoted were paid the 1st day of this month,
and consequently there is only the balance of
this month's interest due on them, and there-
fore they are "fiat." Everybody knows about
the ten-forties. The interest was paid on the
five-twenties that I have quoted on the 1st of
November. Before that they were selling at
113 and a fraction, and as high as 114. With
the coupons cut off the 1st day of the month
they are selling at 108, according to the quota-
tions of the board on the 20th instant, (yes-
terday.) and ten-forties from 102J to 102f._ I
give you the largest quotations for ten-forties,
and the benefit of the doubt if there is any.
Mr. BUTLER. I am always glad to. be
corrected, but I must still maintain my posi-
tion. I may be wrong, but I must insist on the
Eosition until I am better advised than I have
_een yet. Is the discussion of this grave ques-
tion to be decided by an accidental difference
yesterday of one or two cents upon this class
of securities?
Isaac Newton once said he occupied himself
in his great studies by picking up pebbles on the
shore of the great ocean of truth; but I have
never heard that he selected the very smallest
ones.
I was about saying, when I was interrupted,
(if I can get back to the thread of my thought,)
that the objection has been made that we shall
never return to specie payments under this
system. Let us be definite. What do gentle-
men mean by 1' returning to specie payments ?''
Do they mean returning to the state of finances
that existed before the war? That is, when
this Government collected its dues in gold,
and paid its debts in gold; and when people
had a currency based on gold, but which never
could be redeemed in gold. If they mean to
return to that state of things I respectfully
submit that for the present it is impossible.
It is impossible for this reason: we had a
specie paying Government from the time the
sub-Treasury law went into operation down to
the war, that is, the Government collected all
its dues«n gold, and paid all its debts in gold ;
and all the money needed for governmental
purposes collected and paid out was from about
thirty to sixty million dollars from year to year,
before 1860 running up at one time, I believe, to
seventy-odd million. I am now using amounts
bearing almost exactly correct relation to each
other by way of illustration, and I hope no
gentleman will hunt up an old newspaper to
show that I am not right within two or three
dollars. During the same period there was
from about ninety to two hundred and ten mil-
lion dollarsjof specie in the country. In other
words, it took for governmental purposes alone
about one third of all the specie in the coun-
try. We all remember that whenever there
was any hitch in governmental operations so
that gold accumulated in the sub-Treasury it
disordered all our monetary affairs and pro-
duced financial crises.
In 1857, when some ten million gold had
thus accumulated, it was deemed so disturb-
ing an element in the commerce of the country
that Mr. Cobb, then Secretary of the Treasury,
paid thirty per cent, advance for the bonds of
the United States in order to relieve the money
market by putting out the accumulated gold in
the Treasury.
It took then one third of all the gold in the
country to carry on the Government business,
and we could hardly get around at that. We
now have from two hundred to two hundred
and twenty-five million dollars of gold only, so
far a§ is known, in the country. The Govern-
ment is using every year for its operations some
three hundred and fifty million dollars. If the
Government could not get around without dis-
turbing the finances in collecting its dues and
paying its debts in gold before the war, using
only one third of all the gold in the country,
how can it now get on with its operations, requir-
ing $350,000,000 to be taken out of $225,000,-
000, which is all the gold now in the country,
not allowing anybody else to use a dollar? It is
thereforeentirelyimpracticable for the Govern-
ment to carry on its great operations of $350,-
000,000 upon a gold basis, wholly irrespective
of the question of the credit of the Govern-
ment or its ability to command all the gold in
the country. It might indeed carry on its
operations partly in gold and partly in paper,
but that is not a return to specie payments by
the Government. But it is as utterly impossi-
ble at the present time for the Government to
carry on its operations on a gold basis, in the
^manner in which it did before the war, as it is
to make three hundred and fifty go into two
hundred and twenty-five and have a remainder
over, which I take it is impossible by any
figures out of the State of Ohio. [Laughter.]
In my judgment, all talk about returning to
specie payments in July, 1868, or any other
period in the immediate future, is illusory and
vain. How are we to get back to specie pay-
ments? In the first place, by reducing your
taxation, stimulating your industry, raising
your productiveness, bringing down the ex-
penditure of the Government, specially the
first and great expenditure and burden over
all others—the taxation for the purpose of
paying your doubly exorbitant interest on the
public debt as now constituted.
Reduce your interest-paying debt as you
may to some one billion five hundred million
dollars, and then fund this at five per cent, at
highest, e\ren with taxation. This will call for
$75,000,000 as interest of the public debt an-
nually ; or fund it at three and sixty-five one
hundredths per cent, sterling if untaxable, as
you may, and that will make only some fifty-
five millions as interest, and there will then be
some $60,000,000 to $85,000,000 of gold com-
ing in at your custom-houses to help pay the
expenses of the Government, after paying up
the interest on the debt.
Then enforce faithfully and justly the collec-
tion of a judicious taxation on but two articles
of luxury, whisky and tobacco, and you may
release every other interest from taxation, and
the land shall blossom as the rose, and the
hum of productive industry give sweet har-
mony to the delighted ear.
Leaving financial matters as they now stand,
younever can go back to specie payments. Get
back to specie payments! How is it proposed
to be done by the Secretary of the Treasury?
Why, in order to do that he asked Congress to
aid him—to sell our bonds in Europe; and he
came before Congress asking authority to de-
posit gold in Europe to pay the interest there,
so that he might sell more bonds there. When
he sells those bonds in Europe, what does be
get for them ? Seventy cents or thereabouts
on the dollar. What is specie payment? Pay-
ing one hundred cents. How is he going to be
able to pay one hundred cents on what we owe
now ? By making new debts at seventy cents?
I would like somebody skilled in figures to
cypher out that problem.
But the matter does not stop there. If the
Secretary of the Treasury got even gold for his
bonds he would have something to show. But
what are those bonds sold for? They are sold
abroad to meet the balance of trade. What
does that mean? It means to pay the balances
owing for broadcloth that we wear, for brandy
that we drink, for cigars that we smoke. What
would be thought of a financier who should
insist he was getting solvent-selling his notes
at seventy cents on the dollar in order to buy
broadcloth, brandy, and cigars? Who would
insist such an one was a good financier? Yet
this is the exact system upon which the finances
of this country are being carried on to-day.
You may consult upon your tariff bills till
you are blind'; your Committees of Ways and
Means may fix up schemes of protection for
home manufactures till they are weary, but
they will afford no protection to American in-
dustry. Why? The bankers and merchants
of Europe never expect Government loans there
to be paid. Most of the Governments of Eu-
rope have irredeemable loans, the interest of
which only is ever to be paid. Now, with the
rate of interest two per cent, at Antwerp, two
per cent, at London, one and three fourths per
cent,, at Frankfort, two and one fourth per cenfc
at Paris, our bonds are eagerly snapped up;
foreign agents come over here to get them.
With the discount of thirty per cent, on our
bonds bearing six per cent, gold interest, they
can always undersell us, and vitiate any tariff
that we choose to pass. We are thus dealing
with them in manufacturing at home with thirty
per cent, against us. Nay, more; suppose
there are two manufacturing establishments,
one in this country and one in England, the
two establishments equally well managed, both
