M
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Nov. 2Y, 186T.
Ho. of Eeps.
Reduction of the Currency-—Mr. Butler.
40tii Cong.... 1st Sess.
manufacturing the same article and making
exactly the same profit; tho English manu-
facturer can make, a ten per cent, dividend,
while our manufacturer is losing money. Why?
Because the capital of the English manufac-
turer costs him but two per cent., while with
our high rate of interest, induced by our Gov-
ernment rate on the five-twenties, the Ameri-
can. manufacturer's capital costs him. twelve
per cent.—a difference of ten per cent., which
should be a sufficient dividend for any well-con-
ducted business that was not a national bank.
Under such circumstances we cannot com-
pete with the foreign manufacturer. It is use-
less for my friends from New England and my
friends from Pennsylvania to ask for a tariff
on their manufactures; it is useless for my
friends from the West to ask for a tariff on
their wool so long as this great difference in
money is against us. Why, my friends from the
West thought that if they could only get a tariff
on wool, wool would go up, command a fair
price, and the farmer should get pay for his
labor. They got all the tariff they asked, and
I am glad they did. But the more tariff they
got, the more wool went down. Am I not
right ? Was wool ever so cheap as it has been
this year, since we have put a duty on it ?
Why ? Because of this difference between this
country and abroad in the rate of money, our
taxation and the discount on our bonds entirely
neutralizing any tariff for the protection of the
East or the protection of the West.
But, sir, I feel that I am trespassing far too
long upon the patience of the committee. I
have given a general and very imperfect and
desultory sketch of my financial propositions.
I have shown that I do not seek to repudiate
a single contract of the United States; that I
am only seeking to relieve the people from the
immense burden of taxation; that I am seek-
ing to get rid of a banking system more profit-
able to the capitalist than that which Web-
ster so well described as a system devised to
make the rich richer and the poor poorer;
that I am only seeking to equalize taxation,
so that we of the party of progress, of loyalty,
and of the Union, who have conducted this
Government through a great war, may not be
thrown out of power because of the pressure
of its burdens upon the people, which we can
prevent.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BLAINE took the floor.
Mr. BUTLER. I should like to have a few
minutes more.
Mr. BLAINE. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. PBICE. I move that he have ten
minutes.
Mr. BUTLER. Ten minutes will be enough.
Mr. MILLER. I would like to have the
gentleman answer a question.
Mr. BUTLER. I will when I get through.
Mr. Chairman, I was attempting to show how
we might relieve the people from taxation,
hoping thereby to elicit a discussion of this
great subject. There are some things we
must do. They are the pressing duties of the
hour. First, we must stop this contraction of
the currency now going on. It has been con-
tracted at least $100,000,000 in the last year.
Some men say only $48,000,000, or $4,000,000
a month. Bat $77,000,000 of compound-
interest notes must be reckoned in, and t.he
contraction of the currency will in fact be found
to be more than $100,000,000. Secondly, we
must have the gold hoarded in the Treasury of
the United States sold at public auction at
stated periods of time, so all may know when,
except of course enough, with the receipts from
customs, to meet the interest on the gold-
bearing debt. Thirdly, we must repeal the
immense number of discretionary powers with
which the exigencies of the war «caused us to
clothe the Secretary of the Treasury. The
Treasury of the United States should notbe left
in the power of any one man. It is of no con-
sequence who that man may be. Whenever
the Secretary of the Treasury has discretion-
ary powers he may exalt this man's property
atid decrease that of another; he mliy issue
this loan and take in another. He holds the
business of the country in the hollow of his
hand. I by no means mean to make any
charges of corruption or favoritism against
anybody. Following his views of finance,
the present Secretary of the Treasury has
done his duty. But I say it is a dangerous
power, one given in consideration of the
exigencies of the war. The war now being
over, the Congress of the United States, to
whom the Constitution has wisely trusted the
finances of the Government, shopld enact a
positive law, not to be swerved from by the
Secretary of the Treasury upon any pretense
whatever, declaring exactly what shall and
what shall not be done with the finances of the
country. These three measures are of press-
ing necessity and imperative for prompt relief.
When they are carried out, when the gold is
sold and bonds paid with the proceeds so as
to relieve greenbacks and send them back into
circulation, when this discretionary power which
may or may not be exercised improperly is
taken away, and when the banks are brought
back to their position of banks of loan and dis-
count, then the country will be relieved. Then
after full and fair discussion you will see exactly
the amount which our country will absorb in
non-interest-bearing notes of the United States,
and fix that amount. Then consolidate the
nineteen different kinds of loans and securities
we have now into one long taxable loan of the
United States that shall be a consolidated
funded security known by all the people, exact
in its terms, plain in its contracts, and unop-
pressive in its rate of interest. Then shall
the country resume its onward march of pros-
perity.
It remains for me, Mr. Chairman, to thank
the committee for the great kindness and pa-.
tience with which they have indulged me in this
desultory expression of my views upon this
gravest of all questions.
Mr. MILLER. I should like to put this
question to the gentleman from Massachu-
setts : taking for granted that by a legal con-
struction of the statutes allowing the issue
of five-twenty bonds the principal was paya-
ble in lawful money, which, of course, would
include greenbacks, yet if the Secretary of
the Treasury, believing that the principal as
well as the interest was payable in coin, and
he and others who had charge of disposing of
them represented to the public that such bonds
(principal and interest) were payable in gold,
and thus inducing capitalists and others to
vest their money in such securities at a time
j the country was in peril and funds were
! needed to carry on the war to put down rebel-
lion, wotald it not be bad faith in Congress
now to refuse to sanction the payment in coin?
Mr. BUTLER. The question is fairly put,
and deserves a fair and candid answer. The
answer I make to it in the first place is this:
that the Secretary of the Treasury did not
believe these bonds were payable in gold, had
no right to give any such assurance, and no
man had the right to rely on such terms.
Secondly, that we here, as the Government of
the United States, are standing as trustees
between the people of the United States the
debtor, and the bond-holder the creditor,
and we have no right to administer that trust
upon any equitable considerations not clearly
arising out of the terms of the contract,
or upon any chivalric notions of honor, but
exactly according to the words and spirit
of the contract creating the obligation.
We have no more right than a guardian
would have to pay what he supposes might be
an equitable debt of his ward, or an execu-
tor to exercise his notions of honor by paying
out the funds of his trust against the protest
of the creditors of the estate or the legatees.
Mr. MILLER. One question more. Is
there any other obligation upon the United
States but that of an equitable one? The Uni-
ted States being a sovereign cannot be sued.
Mr. BUTLER. The United States Govern-
ment is bound by its laws to the same extent
as the humblest individual; and it makes no
difference as to its obligations that there is no
court in which to enforce its contracts except
this highest court, the Congress of the United
States.
