40
APPENDIX TO TI-IE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 23,
40th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
State by the commanding general, giving to
each representation in the ratio of voters regis-
tered as aforesaid as nearly as may be. The
convention in Virginia shall consist of the same
number of members as represented the terri-
tory now constituting Virginia in the most
numerous branch of the Legislature of said
State in the year eighteen hundred and sixty,
to be apportioned as aforesaid.
Seo. 3. And be it further enacted, That at
said election the registered voters of each State
shall vote for or against a convention to form
a constitution therefor under this act. Those
voting in favor of such a convention shall have
written or printed on the ballots by whicl^they
vote for delegates, as aforesaid, the words
"For a convention," and those voting against
such-a convention shall have written or printed
on such ballots the words "Against a conven-
tion." The persons appointed to superintend
said election, and to make return of the votes
given thereat, as herein provided, shall count
and make return of the votes given for and
against a convention; and the commanding
general to whom the same shall have been
returned shall ascertain and declare the total
vote in each State for and against a conven-
tion. If a majority of the votes given on that
question shall be for a convention, then such
convention shall be held as hereinafter pro-
vided ; but if a majority of said votes shall be
against a convention, then no such convention
shall be held under this act: Provided, That
such convention shall not be held unless a
majority of all such registered voters shall
have voted on the question of holding such
convention.
Sec. 4. Andbeit further enacted, That the
commanding general of each district shall
appoint as many boards of registration as may
be necessary, consisting of three loyal officers
or persons, to make and complete the regis-
tration, superintend the election, and make
return to him of the votes, list of voters, and
of the persons elected as delegates by a plu-
rality of the votes cast at said election; and
upon receiving said returns he shall open the
same, ascertain the persons elected as dele-
gates, according to the returns of the officers
who conducted said election, and make proc-
lamation thereof; and If a majority of the
votes given on that question shall be for a
convention, the commanding general, within
sixty days from the date of election, shall
notify the delegates to assemble in conven-
tion, at a time and place to be mentioned in
the notification ; and said convention, when
organized, shall proceed to frame a constitu-
tion and civil government according to the
provisions of this act, and the act to which it
is supplementary; and when the same shall
have been so framed, said constitution shall
be submitted by the convention for ratifica-
tion to the persons registered under the pro-
visions of this act at an election to be con-
ducted by the officers or persons appointed or
to be appointed by the commanding general,
as hereinbefore provided, and to be held after
the expiration of thirty days from the date of
notice thereof, to be given by said convention;
and the returns thereof shall be made to the
commanding general of the district.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That if,
according to said returns, the constitution shall
be ratified by a majority of the votes of the
registered electors qualified as herein speci-
fied, cast at said election, at least one half of
all the registered voters voting upon the ques-
tion of such ratification, the president of the
convention shall transmit a copy of the same,
duly certified, to the President of the United
States, who shall forthwith transmit the same
to Congress, if then in session, and if not in
session, then immediately upon its next assem-
bling ; and if it shall moreover appear to Csn-
gress that the election was one at which all
the registered and qualified electors in the
State had an opportunity to vote freely and
without restraint, fear, or the influence of
fraud, and if the Congress shall be satisfied
that such constitution meets the approval of a
majority of all the qualified electors in the
State, and if the said constitution shall be
declared by Congress to be in conformity with
the provisions of the act to which this is sup-
plementary, and the other provisions of said
act shall have been complied with, and the
said constitution shall be approved by Con-
gress, the State shall be declared entitled to
representation, and Senators and Represent-
atives shall be admitted therefrom as therein
provided.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That all
the elections in the States mentioned in the
said " Act to provi.de for the more efficient
government of the rebel States," shall, during
the operation of said act, be by ballot: and
all officers making the said registration of
voters and conducting the said elections shall,
before entering upon the discharge of their
duties, take and subscribe the oath prescribed
by the act approved July second, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two, entitled "An act to
prescribe an oath of office:'' Provided, That
if any person shall knowingly and falsely take
and subscribe any oath in this act prescribed,
such person so offending and being thereof
duly convicted shall be subject to the pains,
penalties, and disabilities which by law are
provided for the punishment of the crime of
willful and corrupt perjury.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That all
expenses incurred by the several commanding
generals, or by virtue of any orders issued, or
appointments made, by them, under or by
virtue of this act, shall be paid out of any
moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the
convention for each State shall prescribe the
fees, salary, and compensation to be paid to
all delegates and other officers and agents
herein authorized or necessary to carry into
effect the purposes of this act not herein
otherwise provided for, and shall provide for
the levy and collection of such taxes on the
property of such State as may be necessary to
■pay the same. f
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the
word " article," in the sixth section of the act
to which this is supplementary, shall be con-
strued to mean, "section."
SCHUYLER COLFAX,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
B. F. WADE,
President of Que Senate pro tempore.
In the House of Representatives, U. S.,
March 23, 1867.
The President of the United States having
returned to the House of Representatives, in
which it originated, the bill entitled " An act
supplementary to an act entitled ' An act
to provide for the more efficient government
of the rebel States,' passed March second,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, and to
facilitate restoration," with the objections
thereto, the House of Representatives pro-
ceeded, in pursuance to the Constitution, to
reconsider the same ; and
Resolved, That the said bill do pass, two
thirds of the House of Representatives agree-
ing to pass the same.
Attest: ED WD. McPHERSON,
Clerk H. R., U. S.
Is Senate op the United States,
March 23, 1867.
The Senate having proceeded, in pursuance
of the Constitution, to reconsider the bill en-
titled "An act supplementary to an act enti-
tled 'An act to provide for the more efficient
government of the rebel States,' passed March
second, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, and
to facilitate restoration,'' returned to the House
of Representatives by the President of the Uni-
ted States, with liis objections, and sent by the
House of Representatives to the Senate, with
the message of the President returning the
bill:
Resolved, That the bill do pass, two thirds
of the Senate agreeing to pass the same.
Attest: J.W.FORNEY,
Secretary.
Chap. VII.—An Act to provide for a District
and a Circuit Court of the United States for
the District of Nebraska, and for other pur-
poses.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the State of Nebraska
shall hereafter constitute one judicial district,
and be called the district of Nebraska; and for
said district a district judge, a marshal, and a
district attorney of the United States, shall be
appointed by the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
said district of Nebraska shall be attached to
and constitute a part of the eighth judicial cir-
cuit ; and a term of the circuit court and dis-
trict court of the United States for said dis-
trict shall be held in the city of Omaha, in the
State of Nebraska, on the first Monday of May,
and on the first Monday of November, in each
year.
-■ Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That the
circuit and district courts of the United States
for the district of Nebraska, and the judges
thereof respectively, shall possess the same
powers and jurisdiction and perform the same
duties possessed and performed by the other
circuit and district courts and judges of the
United States, and shall be governed by the
same laws and regulations.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
district judge appointed for the district of
Nebraska shall receive as his compensation
the sum of thirty-five hundred dollars a year,
payable in four equal installments, on the first
days of January, April, July, and October of
each year.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
marshal and district attorney of the United
States, and clerk of the circuit and district
courts, for the said district of Nebraska, shall
severally possess the powers and perform the
duties lawfully possessed and performed by
similar officers in other districts of the United
States, and shall for the services they may
perform receive the fees and compensation
allowed by the act entitled "An act to regu-
late the fees and costs to bo allowed clerks,
marshals, and attorneys of the circuit and dis-
trict courts of the United States, and for other
purposes," approved February twenty-sixth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-three.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That all
cases of appeal or writ of error, heretofore
prosecuted, and now pending in the Supreme
Court of the United States, upon any record
from the supreme court of the Territory of
Nebraska, or which may hereafter be prose-
cuted from said court as herein allowed, may
be heard and determined by the Supreme
Court of the United States, and the mandate
of execution or of further proceedings shall
be directed by the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States to the circuit or district court of the
United States for the district of Nebraska, or
to the supreme courtof the State of Nebraska,
as the nature of said appeal or writ of error
may require, and each of these courts shall be
the successor of the supreme court of Nebraska
Territory as to all such cases, with full power
to hear and determine the same, and to award
mesne or final process thereon. And from all
judgments and decrees of the supreme court
of the Territory of Nebraska, prior to its ad-
mission as a Slate, the parties to said judg-
ments and decrees shall have the same right
