1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
il
Laws of the United States.
  —•—
40th Cong.... 1st Sess.
to prosecute appeals and writs of error to the
Federal courts as they had uuder the laws of
the United States prior to the admission of
said State of Nebraska into the Union.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That until
a judge for said district of Nebraska shall be
duly appointed the district judge of the United
States for the district of Iowa shall act as the
district judge of Nebraska, and shall have and
exercise the same jurisdiction and power in
the district hereby created as he has in the dis-
trict of Iowa.
Approved, March 25, 1867.
Chaf. VIII.—An Act to exempt Wrapping-
Paper, made from Wood or Cornstalks, from
Internal Tax, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That, from and after the
passage of this act, wrapping-paper, made of
wood or cornstalks, shall be exempt from in-
ternal tax.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That every
national banking association, State bank, or
banker, or association, shall pay a tax of ten
per centum on the amount of notes of any town,
city, or municipal corporation paid out by them
after the first day of May, anno Domini eighteen
hundred and sixty-seven, to be collected in the
mode and manner in which the tax on the notes
of State banks is collected.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That
wrapping-paper made from any other material
than that cited in the first section shall be also
exempt from internal tax.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That from
and aftsr the passage of this act, ladders made
wholly of wood shall be exempt from internal
tax.
.Approved, Mareh 26, 1867.
CiiAr. IX.—An Act in relation to the Ac-
knowledgment of Deeds in the District of
Columbia.
De it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That hereafter acknowl-
edgments of deeds for the conveyance of real
estate in the District of Columbia may be taken
by the recorder of deeds for said district, or by
a single justice of the peace; and any such
acknowledgment heretofore taken by a single
justice of the peace is hereby made and de-
clared to be a valid acknowledgment: Pro-
vided, That nothing in this aet shall be held to
impair the title of bona fide purchasers who,
by conveyances and formal acknowledgments,
have, prior to the passage of this act, acquired
paramount titles under existing laws.
Approved, March 26, 1867.
Chap. X.—An Act supplementary to an Act
entitled " An Act to reimburse the State of
West Virginia for Moneys expended for the
United States in Enrolling, Equipping, and
Paying Military Forces to aid in suppressing
the Rebellion," approved June twenty-one,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six.
Beit enacted by the Senate and Houseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the money appropri-
ated by the act to which this is a supplement
shall be disbursed under the direction of the
Secretary of War.
Approved, March 2G, 1867.
Ciiap. XI.—An Act to authorize the Entry and
Occupation of a portion of Long Island, in
Boston Harbor, for military purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
bo, and he is hereby, authorized to take pos-
session of that portion of Long island, in Bos-
ton harbor, Massachusetts, belonging to James
T. Austin, for the purpose of creeling thereon
a fort and such other structures as may be
needed for military purposes, and there shall
be paid for the same, out of any moneys in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum
of five thousand dollars, as agreed upon between
Ivers J. Austin, the agent and representative
of the said James T. Austin, and the agent of
the United States charged with the negotiation
for the purchase of said property: Provided,
That said amount shall not he paid until the
Attorney General of the United States shall be
satisfied that the title of said portion of said
island has been fully transferred to the United
States free from all encumbrance, and that the
person receiving the money is competent to act
in the premises.
Approved, March 28, 1867.
Chap. XII.—An Act to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to sell the Gover[nJ-
ment-Warehouses on Atlantic Dock, Brook-
lyn, New York.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasuiy is hereby authorized, in his discretion,
to sell the property on Atlantic Dock, Brook-
lyn, New York, being warehouses numbers
fifty-four, fifty-six, and fifty-eight, now owned
by the Government, the sale to be made at
public auction to the highest and best bidder
therefor, in ready money, after giving notice
thereof six weeks in succession-in two daily
papers printed in the city of New York. And
upon sale being made as aforesaid, the said
Secretary of the Treasury is hereby authorized
and empowered to make, execute, and deliver
to the purchaser thereof a good and sufficient
deed for the premises, conveying all the right,
title, and interest of the United States.
Approved,'March 28, 1867.
Chap. XIII.—An Act making Appropriations
to supply Deficiencies in the Appropriations
for Contingent Expenses of the Senate of the
United States for the fiscal year ending June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven,
and for other purposes.
Beit enactedby the Senate andHouse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, for the objects hereinafter ex-
pressed, namely:
For clerks to committees, pages, hoises, and
carryalls, fifteen thousand dollars.
For miscellaneous items, thirty thousand
dollars.
For salary of the clerk to the Committee on
Appropriations, from the date of.liis appoint-
ment to the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred
and sixty-eight, twenty-eight hundred and
ninety-eight dollars. • ,
To pay the expenses incurred under the res-
olution of the Senate directing the hydration
of the atmosphere of the Senate Chamber, the
sum of seven thousand five hundred dollars is
hereby appropriated and added to the con-
tingent fund of the Senate".
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That
section ten of an act entitled ' 'An act making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, jfcdfor other
purposes," passed at the second session of the
Thirty-Ninth Congress, shall not be construed
to allow a greater compensation for the publi-
cation of the laws passed by Congress and
executive proclamations and treaties in the
papers of the District of Columbia than is pro-
vided by law for such publication in other
papers. And the newspapers in the ten rebel-
lious States named in section seven of "An act
making appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of the Government for the year ending June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, and
for other purposes," which have been or may
be designated in pursuance of the provisions
of said section for the publication of the public
laws and treaties of the Urited States, shall
publish the public laws and treaties of the
Thirty-Ninth Congress, authentic copies of
which it shall be the duty of the Secretary of
State to furnish as soon as practicable, after
receiving notice of such designation; and there
is hereby appropriated out of the Treasury,
from any moneys not otherwise appropriated,
a sum sufficient to pay for said service: Pro-
vided, That the accounts therefor shall be
settled in the usual manner, and the compen-
sation shall not exeeed'the rate fixed in section
seven aforesaid.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That so
much of section seven of an act entitled "An
act making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June thirty, eighteen hundred and sixty-
eight, and for other purposes," approved
March second, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven, as relates to the publication of the
treaties and the laws of the United States, be,
and the same is hereby, extended to the States
not therein designated, and to the Territories ;
and that it shall be the duty of the Secretary
of State, upon receiving notice of the designa-
tion of newspapers under the act aforesaid and
this section, promptly to furnish to such news-
papers authentic copies of the treaties and laws
of the United States to be published as afore-
said : Provided, That it shall be lawful to print
the laws and treaties of the United States, as
aforesaid, in three newspapers in Louisiana :
And provided further, That the rates fixed by
previous laws shall not be hereby increased.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
following sums be, and the same are hereby,
appropriated out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, for the objects
hereinafter expressed, for the fiscal year end-
ing the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and
sixty-seven, namely—
For stationery for the House of Representa-
tives, nine thousand dollars.
For newspapers, ten thousand dollars.
For miscellaneous items, ten thousand dol-
lars.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That there
be, and hereby is, appropriated, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, for salaries of the Commissioner of
Education and his clerks, twelve thousand four
hundred dollars, for the period of three months
ending June thirty, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven, and for the year ending June thirty,
eighteen hundred and sixty-eight.
For furnishing offices and for stationery, six
thousand dollars.
For the repair of Long Bridge, District of
Columbia, to be expended under the direction of
the Secretary of War. fifteen thousand dollars.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted. That the
following sums be, and the same are hereby,
appropriated, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, to enable the
Secretary of the Interior to pay the expenses
incurred by certairrfndian delegations in visit-
ing Washington city for the purpose of negotia-
ting treaties and their return home, to wit:
For the Sioux of Lake Traverse, ten thou-
sand dollars
For the Sioux of the Upper Missouri, fifteen
thousand dollars.
For the tribes residing in the State of Kansas,
fifteen thousand dollars.
For the Chippewas of the Mississippi, six
thousand dollars.
And all laws allowing the President, the
Secretary of the Interior, or the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, to enter into treaties with
any Indian tribes are hereby repealed, and no
expense shall hereafter be incurred in nego-
tiating a treaty with any Indian tribe until an
appropriation authorizing such expense shall
be first made by law.
