42
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 29,
40th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Sec. 7. And be it f urther enacted, That the
several sums of m^iey heretofore appropriated
to be expended under the direction of the Com-
missioner of Public Buildings be transferred to
and may be expended under the direction of
the Chief Engineer of the Army, or such offi-
cer of the engineer corps as he may direct.
Approved, March 29, 1867.
Chap. XIV.—An Act to Reimburse the States
of Indianaand Ohio for Moneys expended for
the United States in Enrolling, Equipping
and Provisioning Militia Forces to aid in sup-
pressing the Rebellion.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That immediately after
the passage of this act the President shall ap-
point three commissioners, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, who are not
residents of the State of Indiana, whose duty
it shall be to ascertain the amount of moneys
expended by the State of Indiana in enrolling,
equipping, subsisting, transporting, and paying
such State forces as were called into service in
said State since the first day of January, eight-
een hundred and sixty-two, to act in concert
with the United States forces in the suppres-
sion of rebellion against the United States.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
commissioners so appointed shall proceed, sub-
ject to regulations to be prescribed by the Sec-
retary of War, at once to examine all the items
of expenditure made by said State for the pur-
poses herein named, allowing only for dis-
bursements made and amounts assumed by the
State for enrolling, equipping, subsisting, trans-
porting, and paying such troops as were called
into service by the Governor, at the request of
the United States department commander com-
manding the district in which Indiana may at
the time have been included, or by the express
order, consent, or concurrence of such com-
mander, or which may have been employed or
used in suppressing rebellion in said State.
And no allowance shall be made for any troops
which did not perform actual military service
in full concert and cooperation with the author-
ities of the United States and subject to their
orders.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That in
making up said account, for the convenience
of the accounting officers of the Government,
the commissioners shall state separately the
amounts expended, respectively, for enrolling,
equipping, arming, subsisting, transporting,
and paying said troops.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That, in
the adjustment of accounts under this act, the
commissioners shall not allow for any expend-
iture or compensation for service at a rate
greater than was at the time authorized by the
laws of the United States and the regulations
prescribed by the Secretary of War in similar
cases.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That as
soon as said commissioners shall have made
up said account and ascertained the balance,
as herein directed, they shall make written
report thereof, showing the different items of
expenditure as hereinbefore stated to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, who shall cause the
same to be examined by the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury, and said officers shall
audit the said accounts as in ordinary cases;
and if from said report it shall appear that any
sum remains due to the said State, he shall
.draw his warrant for the same, payable to the
Governor of said State, and deliver it to him.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the
commissioners to be appointed as aforesaid
shall, before proceeding to the discharge of
their duties, be sworn that they will carefully
examine the accounts existing between the
United States and the State of Indiana, and
that they will, to the best of their ability, make
a just, true, and impartial statement thereof,
as required by this act. They shall receive
such compensation for their services as may
be determined by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, not exceeding ten dollars per day for each
commissioner.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the
provisions of this act shall apply in every
respect to the State of Ohio, and the same
proceedings shall be had for ascertaining the
amount due the said State of Ohio as are
herein provided for ascertaining the amount
due the State of Indiana, and for the payment
of such amount, when ascertained under the
limitations and restrictions of this act, a suffi-
cient sum is hereby appropriated.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That a
sufficient sum is hereby appropriated to carry
this act into effect.
Approved, March 29, 1867.
Chap. XV.—An Act to grant to the American
Atlantic Cable Telegraph Company, of New
York, the Right of Way and Privilege to Lay,
Land, and Operate a Submarine Telegraph
Cable on the Atlantic Coast of the United
States, and establish Telegraph Communica-
tion between the United States and Europe,
via the Bermudas and Azores Islands.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the American Atlan-
tic Cable Telegraph Company, of New York,
be, and are hereby, vested with the right, power,
and privileges, having acquired the necessary
land therefor, to lay, land, and operate their
cable or cables on the Atlantic coast, except
the coast of Florida, within the jurisdiction of
the United States, and the right, power, and
privilege so to lay, land, and operate their
cable or cables shall be vested in the said
American Atlantic Cable Telegraph Company
for the period of twenty years from the approval
of this act: Provided, That the said company
shall commence active operations within the
space of two years from the approval of this
act.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
American Atlantic Cable Telegraph Company,
having acquired the necessary land therefor,
shall, have the right, power, and privilege to
lay, land, and operate their cable or cables
within any of the harbors, waters, inlets, towns,
and cities on the Atlantic coast, except the
coast of Florida, offering the most practical
and convenient landing, and to construct or
erect all the necessary fixtures to accomplish
the object of this act.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
Government of the United States shall at all
times have the preference in its use, upon terms
that may be agreed upon between the Post-
master General and the said company.
Sec. 4. Andbeit further enacted, That Con-
gress shall have power to alter, amend, or
repeal this act.
Approved,sUsfc&h-29, 1867.
Chap. XYI.—An Act to establish a Port of
Delivery at Chester, Pennsylvania.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That Chester, in the dis-
trict of Philadelphia, shall be a port of deliv-
ery, and a surveyor shall be appointed, who
shall reside at said port of delivery and receive
a salary of five hundred dollars per annum.
Approved, March 29, 1867.
Chap. XVII.—An Act to Increase the Force in
the Patent Office.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Commissioner
of Patents is authorized from time to time to
appoint, in the jpauner already provided for by
law, such an additional number of principal
examiners, firstassistantexaminers, and second
assistant examiners as may be required to trans-
act the current business of the office with dis-
patch : Provided, That the whole number of
such additional examiners shall not exceed
four of each class, and that the total annual
expense of the Patent Office shall not exceed
its annual receipts.
Approved, March 29, 1867.
Chap, XVIII.—An Act to Incorporate the
Lincoln Monument Association.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That Alexander Ii. Ran-
dall, James Harlan, Alexander Ramsey, Na-
thaniel P. Banks, Sidney Perham, John Con-
ness, John T. Wilson, Godlove S. Orth, Deloa
R. Ashley, HalbertE. Paine, Charles O'Neill,
Burt Van Horn, John F. Driggs, Frederick
E. Woodbridge, Jacob Benton, John Hill,
Shelby M. Cullom, Thomas A. Jencks, Orin
S. Ferry, N. B. Smithers, Francis Thomas,
Samuel McKee, Horace Maynard, John F.
Benjamin, Rufus Mallory, Sidney Clarke,
Daniel Polsley, Walter A. Burleigh, John
Taffe, and their successors, are constituted
a body-corporate in the District of Columbia,
by the name of the Lincoln Monument Asso-
ciation, for the purpose of erecting a monu-
ment in the city of Washington, commemora-
tive of the great charter of emancipation and
universal liberty in America.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
persons named in the first section of this act
shall be the first trustees of the corporation,
and shall have power to fill vacancies in their
number, and to add to their number, not
exceeding one from each State in the Union.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That said
corporation shall have power to own and con-
trol such property as may be necessary for the
carrying out of the objects of the association.
Sec. 4. And be it f urther enacted, That said
corporation shall have power to collect money,
and to make such rules and regulations as they
may deem necessary or expedient.
Sec. 5. Andbeit further enacted, That said
corporation shall have power to appoint a pres-
ident, a vice president, a secretary, a treasurer,
and also a board of managers, consisting of
not less than seven nor more than thirteen,
who shall have a general control of the affairs
of the association, and who may be selected
from persons notineluded in the listof corpor-
ator [afor]s. The treasurer shall execute a
bond in such penalty as may be required, con-
ditioned for the safe-keeping of the funds of the
corporation which may come into his hands,
and for the faithful discharge of the duties
required of him.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the
property of the said corporation held or occu-
pied by them for the uses and purposes of their
incorporation shall be exempt from all taxes
to be levied under the authority of the United
States, or of any municipal corporation within
the District of Columbia.
Sec. 7. And be it fuiihcr enacted, That
Congress may at any time hereafter repeal,
alter, or amend this act.
Approved, March 29, 1867.
Chap. XX.—An Act to authorize the Appoint-
ment of certain Watchmen, and for other
purposes.
Be it enactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the eight watchmen
on the Dome of the Capitol, at the congres-
sional stables, the gate-keeper, and watchmen
of the grounds surrounding the Capitol be here-
after appointed by the Sergeant-at-Arms of the
Senate, and the Sergeant-at-Arms of the House.
That the officers aforesaid be also authorized to
appoint three additional watchmen, one for
each ofthe eastern portico[e]sand the carriage-
