mi.}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
43
Laws of the United States.
40th Cong....1st Sess.
ways under the same. Each watchman so
appointed shall receive an annual compensa-
tion of one thousand dollars, payable on the
orderofthe Sergeant-at-Arms of the Senate and
the Sergeant-at-Arms of the House, or either
of them, and the amount of money necessary
to pay said watchmen from the date of their
appointment until the end of the present fiscal
year be, and the same is hereby, appropriated.
For the compensation of said watchmen for
the fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-eight, the sum of eleven
thousand dollars is hereby appropriated.
For the compensation of an additional lieu-
tenant and private of the Capitolpolice, author-
ized to be appointed by the Presiding Officers
of the two Houses of Congress, from the date
of their appointmentuntil the close of the pres-
ent fiscal year at the rate paid others of the
same grade, so much money as may be neces-
sary is hereby appropriated, and for the fiscal
year ending the thirtieth June, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-eight, the sum of thirty-three
hundred dollars is hereby appropriated.
The Sergeant-at-Arms of the Senate and the
Sergeant-at-Arms of the House are hereby
authorized to select a pattern for a uniform for
the Capitol police and watchmen, and furnish
to each member of the force two suits per year,
at a cost not to exceed fifty dollars per suit, and
also to furnish said force with the necessary
belts, arms, and so forth, at a cost not to exceed
twenty dollars per man, and the amount of
money necessary to carry this provision into
effect is hereby appropriated out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
payable upon the certificate of the officers above
named. One half of the moneys hereinbefore
appropriated shall be paid into the contingent
fund of the Senate, and the other half into the
contingent fund of the House of Representa-
tives.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
Sergeant[s]-at-Arms of the Senate and of the
House of Representatives are authorized to
make such rules and regulations as they may
deem necessary to preserve the peace and secure
the Capitol from defacement and for the pro-
tection of the public property therein, and shall
have power to arrest and detain any person
violating said rules, until such person can be
brought before the proper authorities for trial,
without further order of Congress.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That all
moneys appropriated for the Washington aque-
duct and for the other public works of the Dis-
trict of Columbia shall be expended under the
direction of the Secretary of War.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That all
laws inconsistent with this act are hereby
repealed.
Approved, March 30, 1867.
Chap. XXI.—An Act amendatory of the
Organic Act of Colorado Territory.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Souse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That hereafter the ses-
sions of the Legislative Assembly of Colorado
Territory shall be biennial. Members of the
Council shall be elected for the term of four
years, and members of the House for the term
of two years, and shall receive the sum of six
dollars per day instead of three dollars hereto-
fore allowed, and shall also receive the same
mileage now allowed by law.
Sec. 2. Andbe it further enacted, jl hat each
house shall have authority to elect, in addition
to the officers now allowed by law, an enrolling
clerk, who shall receive five dollars per day.
The chief clerk shall receive six dollars per
day, and the other officers elected by said
Legislature shall receive five dollars per day
e!lSEC. 3. And be it further enacted. That the
members of the Legislative. Assembly elected
at the general election of said Territory m the
vear eighteen hundred and sixty-seven shall
compose the first Legislature under this act,
and said Legislature shall meet at the time
now fixed by law for the meeting of the Legis-
lative Assembly of Colorado Territory.
Approved, March 30, 1867.
Chap. XXII.—An Act for the Support in
part of the National Soldiers' and Sailors'
Orphan Home in the District of Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there be, and is
hereby appropriated, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the
support in part of the National Soldiers' and
Sailors' Orphan Home, in the District of Co-
lumbia, organized under an act of the twenty-
fifth of July, eighteen hundred and sixty-six,
amended by the act of the twenty-second of
February, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven,
to bo expended under the direction of the offi-
cers of said institution, five thousand dollars.
Approved, March 30, 1867.
Chap. XXIII.—An Act extending to the State
of Nebraska the Provisions of an Act relat-
ing to Agricultural Colleges.
Be it enacted by the Senateand House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the grant made by
law of the second day of July, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-two, to each State, of land
equal to thirty thousand acres for each of its
Senators and Representatives in Congress, for
the purpose of establishing agricultural col-
leges, is extended to the State of Nebraska in
the same manner as if Nebraska had been a
State of the Union at the date of the passage
of said law.
ApppvOved, March 30, 1867.
Chap. XXIV.—An Act to provide in part for
Grading the Public Grounds, and for other
purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled,_ That the sum of twenty
thousand dollars is hereby appropriated, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to be expended by the.Secretary
of the Interior, under the supervision of the
architect of the Capitol extension, in grading,
filling up, removing buildings, and improving
the public grounds and streets around the
Capitol.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That all
repairs and alterations of the Capitol building
shall be made under the direction and super-
vision of the architect of the Capitol extension
Approved, March 30, 1867.
Chap. XXVII.—An Act supplementary to an
Act entitled "An Act making Appropria-
tions forsundry Civil Expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June thirty,
eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, and for
other purposes," passed March second,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the concluding pro-
viso of section ten of the act described in the
title hereof shall not be held to prevent the
necessary printing, as heretofore done, in the
Treasury Ijepartment and the bureaus thereof,
by their own employes; but the number of
persons employed in this service shall not be
increased.
Approved, July 19, 1867.
Chap. XXVIII.—An Act for the Relief of
certain Soldiers and Sailors therein desig-
nated.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep ■
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That no soldier or sailor
shall be taken or held to be a deserter from the
Army or Navy who faithfully served according
to his enlistment until the nineteenth day of
April, eighteen hundred and sixty-five, and
who, without proper authority or leave first
obtained, did quit his command or refuse to
serve after said date; but nothing herein con-
tained shall operate as a remission of any for-
feiture incurred by any such soldier or sailor
of his pay, bounty, pension, or other allow-
ances, but this act shall be construed solely as
a removal of any disability such soldier or
sailor may have incurred by the loss of his
citizenship in consequence of his desertion.
Appboved, July 19, 1867.
Chap. XXIX.—An Act to establish certain
Post Roads.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following be es-
tablished as post routes:
maixe.
From Kennebunk, via Kennebunltport, to
Cape Neddick.
From Biddeford to Saco Pool.
Approved, July 19, 1807.
Chap. XXX.—An Act supplementary to an
Act entitled "An Act to provide for the
more efficient Government of the Rebel
States," passed on the second day of March,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, andthe Act
supplementary thereto, passed on the twen-
ty-third day of March, eighteen hundred and
sixty-seven.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-,
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That it is hereby declared
to have been the true intent and meaning of
the act of the second day of March, one thou-
sand eight hundred and sixty-seven, entitled
"An act to provide for the more efficient gov-
ernment of the rebel States," and of the act
supplementary thereto, passed on the tjventy-
third day of March, in the year one thousand
eight hundred and sixty-seven, that the gov-
ernments then existing in the rebel States of
Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina,
Georgia, Mississippi, Alabama, Louisiana,
Florida, Texas, ana Arkansas were not legal
State governments ; and that thereafter said
governments, if continued, were to be con-
tinued subject in all respects to the military
commanders of the respective districts, and to
the paramount authority of Congress.
Sec. 2. Andbe it further enacted, That the
commander of any district named in said act
shall have power, subject to the disapproval
of the General of the Army of the United
States, and to have effect till disapproved,
whenever in the opinion of such commander
the proper administration of said act shall re-
quire it, to suspend or remove from office, or
from the performance of official duties and
the exercise of official powers, any officer or
person holding or exercising, or professing to
hold or exercise, any civil or military office
or duty in such district under any power, elec-
tion, appointment or authority derived from,
or granted by, or claimed under, any so-called
State or the government thereof, or any mu-
nicipal or other division thereof, and upon
such suspension or removal such commander,
subject to the disapproval of the General afore-
said, shall have power to provide from time to
time for the performance of the said duties of
such officer or person so suspended or removed,
by the detail of some competent officer or sol-
dier of the Army, or by the appointment of
some other person, to perform the same,, and
to fill vacancies occasioned by death, resigna-
tion, or otherwise.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
General of the Army of the United States shall
be invested with all the powers of suspension,
