46
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 27,
40th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
amount which would have been payable on
vessels of the United States and their cargoes.
Approved, March 22, 1867.
No. 6.—Joint Resolution in relation to certain
Coin and Bullion on Special Deposit in the
Treasury.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the one hundred
thousand dollars, or thereabout, in coin and
bullion, nowon special deposit in the Treas-
ury of the United States, after said bullion is
converted by directions of the Treasurer into
coin, be paid into the Treasury.
Approved, March 22, 1867.
No. 7.—Joint Resolution authorizing the Sec-
retary of War to turn over certain Property
of the United States at Camp Chase, Ohio,
for the use of the National Asylum for Dis-
abled Volunteer Soldiers, and for other pur-
poses.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be, and hereby is, authorized to turn over the
barracks, buildings, and other property of the
United States, now at Camp Chase, near Co-
lumbus, Ohio, to the board of managers of the
National Asylum for Disabled Volunteer Sol-
diers, for the use and benefit of such soldiers.
Sec. 2. And be it. further resolved, That the
Secretary of War be, and hereby is, authorized
to sell such surplus clothing, quartermaster's
and medical stores, as he may deem expedient,
at first prices, to the National Asylum for the
use of disabled volunteer soldiers therein.
Approved, March 22, 1867.
No. 8.—Joint Resolution to supply an omis-
sion in the enrollment of the "Act to provide
increased Revenue from imported Wool, and
for other purposes."
Whereas in the enrollment of the bill enti-
tled "An act to provide increased revenue from
imported wool, and for other purposes," ap-
proved March second, eighteen hundred and
sixty-seven, the words "Canada long wools"
were inadvertently omitted from the paragraph
designated under the heading "Class 2. Comb-
ing Wools;" and -whereas said words are in
the engrossed bill, and were intended as part
of the act aforesaid, as passed by the Thirty-
Ninth Congress: Therefore,
Beit resolvedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the "Act to provide
increased revenue from imported wool, and for
other purposes," aforesaid, be, and is hereby,
amended by inserting after the wor.ds "Down
combing wools, in the paragraph headed
'' Class 2. Combing Wools,'' the words ; 1 Can-
ada long wools."
Approved, Maicli 22, 1807.
No. 9.—A Resolution providing for the neces-
sary Surveys for a Ship-Canal between Lake
Erie and Lake Ontario for Military, Naval,
and Commercial purposes.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the. United Slates of America in
Cotigress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed
to cause surveys, with plans and estimates of
cost, to be made by an officer of engineers, for
a ship-canal to connect Lakes Brie and Onta-
rio, or the navigable waters thereof, of suita-
ble location and dimensions for military, naval,
and commercial purposes, and that the expenses
of the same be defrayed from the sums appro-
priated in the acts of June twenty-three, eight-
een hundred and sixty-six, and March two,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, for examina-
tions and surveys relating to the improvement
of harbors and rivers on the northwestern lakes.
Approved, March 22, 1867.
No. 10.—A Resolution amending the ninth
Section of "An Act to amend an Act enti-
tled 'An Act to provide for the better secur-
ity of the Lives of Passengers on board of
Vessels propelled in whole or in part by
Steam,' and for other purposes," approved
August thirtieth, eighteen hundred and fifty-
two.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the fifth division of
the ninth section of an act entitled "An act to
amend an act entitled an act to provide for
the better security of the lives of passengers on
board of vessels propelled in whole or part by
steam, and for other purposes," approved
August thirtieth, in the year eighteen hundred
and fifty-two, is so far amended that inspectors
may, in the license therein provided for, ex-
empt a steamer from the obligation to carry in
a safe, chest, or apartment composed of or
lined with metal, compact packages of friction-
matches, securely packed in strong, tight
wooden chests or boxes, the covers of which
shall be firmly fastened on by locks, screws,
or other fastenings, and which shall be stowed
in a safe part of the steamer designated in
their license by the inspectors, and at a safe
distance from any fire.
Approved, March 22, 1867.
No. 11.—Joint Resolution fixing the rate of
Duty on Umbrellas, and on Wire Spiral Fur-
niture Springs.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That from and after the
passage of this joint resolution there shall be
levied, collected, and paid upon umbrellas,
parasols, and sun-shades imported from for-
eign countries, when made of silk, no lower
rate of duty than that now imposed upon piece
and dress silks, namely, sixty per centum ad
valorem; and when made of other materials
than silk the duty shall be fifty per centum ad
valorem ; and that wire spiral furniture springs
imported from foreign countries, manufac-
tured of iron wire, shall be required to pay the
same rate of duty as now imposed on iron wire,
namely, two ccnts per pound and fifteen per
centum ad valorem.
Approved, March 25, 1867.
No. 12.—A Resolution to terminate a Contract
of a Member of Congress with the Post Office
Department of the U nited States of America.
Whereas it is declared by an act of Congress
approved April twenty-first, eighteen hundred
and eight, that "No member of Congress shall
directly or indirectly, himself or by any other
person in trust for him, or for his use or ben-
efit, or on his account, execute, hold, or enjoy,
in whole or in part, any contract or agreement
hereafter to be made or entered into with any
officer of the United States" * * *
" or to any benefit to arise therefrom," and so
fotth ; and whereas the present contractor for
route No. 14782, from Lincoln, California, to
Poitland, Oregon, has recently been elected
United States Senator: Therefore,
Beit resolvedby the Senateand Houseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Postmaster Gen-
eral be, and he is hereby, authorized to cancel
the contract between the United States and
the present contractor for the transportation
of the mail on route No. 14782, between Lin-
coln, California, and Portland, Oregon, an-
nulling the same in the usual way, to take
effect on the thirtieth day of September, anno
Domini eighteen hundred and sixty-seven.
And it is hereby made the duty of the Post-
master General, after the passage of this reso-
lution, to advertise for bids for the perform-
ance of the service for the residue of the con-
tract term, for at least sixty days, in at least
one newspaper published at the seat of gov-
ernment of the_ State of California, and one
newspaper published in Portland, Oregon, and
to contract with the lowest responsible bidder:
Provided, That the Postmaster General, in
accordance with the usage of the Department,
shall have the power to reject any bid which
he may deem exorbitant.
Approved, March 26, 1867.
No. 13.—Joint Resolution providing for the
Importation into the United States of certain
Works of Art duty free, and for other pur-
poses.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That from and after the
passage of this joint resolution, any object of
art imported by any individual or association
of individuals for presentation, as a gift, to the
United States Government, op to any State,
county, or municipal government, shall be
admitted free of duty, under such rules and
regulations as the Secretary of the Treasury
may prescribe.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That the
Secretary of the Treasury be, and he hereby is,
authorized to refund the duties paid on any
$team agricultural machinery imported into the
United States during the current fiscal year as
models or for experimental purposes, and to
remit the duties on any steam machinery of like
description which may^ be imported for such
purpose prior to the thirtieth of June, eighteen
hundred and sixty-eight: Provided, That this
section shall apply only to steam-plows.
Sec. 3. And be it further resolved, That the
Secretary of the Treasury is hereby authorized
and required to discontinue the employment of
any officer or person employed under the acts
for the collection of direct taxes in insurrection-
ary districts within the United States, when-
ever in his judgment their service is no longer
needed, and he is hereby authorized to devolve
upon any officer or officers of internal revenue
in said districts any portion of the duties
imposed by said acts, who shall perform such
duties without additional compensation.
Approved, March 26, 1867.
No. 14.—A Resolution to make valid the Laws
of New Mexico passed at the Session of the
Legislature held at Santa Fe, from the third
■ day of December, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six, to thirty-first day of January,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the laws passed by
the Legislative Assembly of the Territory of
New Mexico,sat its last session, which began
on the third day of December, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-six, and ending on the thirty-
first day of January, eighteen hundred and
sixty-seven, and signed by W.'F. M. Army,
acting secretary and acting Governor of said
Territory of New Mexico, shall have the same
force and effect as though the same had been
approved and signed by the Governor duly
appointed, subject to the future revision and
approval of Congress.
Approved, March 20, 1807.
No. 15.—A Resolution concerning the Uniform
of Persons in the Diplomatic Service of the
United States.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That all persons in the
diplomatic service of the United States are pro-
hibited from wearing any uniform or official
costume not previously authorized by Congress.
Approved, March 27, 1867.
