PRIVATE ACTS OF THE FORTIETH CONGRESS
UNITED STATES.
Pawed at the First Session, which was begun and held at the City of Washington, in the District of Columbia, on
Monday, the 4th day of March, A. D. 1867; was adjourned on Saturday, the 30th day of March, A. D. 1867, to
meet on Wednesday, the 3d day of July, A. D. 186*7; met, on the said 3d day of July, and continued in session
until Saturday, the 20th day of said July, on which day it adjourned to meet on Thursday, the 21st day of
November, A. D. 1867; met on the said 21s£ day of November, and ended the 2d day of December, A. D. 1867.
Andrew Johnson, President. Benjamin F. Wade, President of the Senate. Schuyler Colfax, Speaker of the
House of Representatives.
Chat. XIX.—An Act for the Relief of John
Perry.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Housevf Rep-
resentatives of the United Slates of America in
(Jnmjress assembled, That the provisions of the
act supplementary to the several acts relating
to pensions, approved June six, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-sis, shall apply to John Perry,
of Illinois, a pensioner, by virtue of a special
act approved March third, eighteen hundred
and fifty-nine.
Approved, March 29, 1807.
,j provided for by an act of Congress at the last
ij session, the said sum not to exceed three
thousand six hundred and fifty-three dollars
and ninety-two cents.
Approved, March 30, 180".
j Interior be directed to suspend the execution
j of the act entitled "An act, for the relief of tho
| heirs of John E. Bonligny," approved March
' second, eighteenhundredandsixty-seven, until
. the further order of Congress.
i Approved, March SO, 1807.
Ciiap. XXV.—An Act for the Relief of Rich-
ard Busteed. Jr.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior is hereby authorized and directed to
cause to be paid to Richard Busteed, jr., late
captain of Battery C, Chicago Light Artillery,
the sum of twelve hundred and forty-seven
dollars and sixty-six cents, being the pension of
a captain from the seventh day of November,
eighteen hundred and sixty-one, the date of
his honorable discharge from the service, until
the thirtieth day of January, eighteen hundred
and sixty-seven, the date from which a pension
has been granted him.
Approved, March 30, 1807.
Chap. XXXI.—An Act for the Relief of
; Malinda Harmon, of the County of Greene,
and State %f Tennessee, widow of Jacob
| Harmon.
S Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
; resentatives of the United States of America in
• Congress assembled, That the act entitled "An
i act for the relief of Matilda Harmon, of the
i county of Greene, and State of Tennessee,
' widow of Jacob Harmon," approved January
1 thirty-one, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven,
i be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
] Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the
j Secretary of the Interior be, and he is hereby,
| authorized to place the name of Malinda Har-
j mon, of the county of Greene, and State of
j Tennessee, widow of Jacob Harmon, 011 the
! pension-roll, at the rate of eight dollars per
month, to commence on the seventeenth day
of December, eighteen hundred and sixty-one.
i and to continue cluring her widowhood.
Approved, July 19, 1807.
Chap. XXVI.—An Act supplementary to an
Act for the Relief of Hiram Paulding, Rear
Admiral of tho United States Navy.
Be itenactedbythe Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there be appropri-
ated out of any money in the Treasury not
othenviso appropriated, a sufficient sum to pay
the claim of Roar Admiral Hiram Paulding, as
No. 36.—Joint Resolution to authorize the pay-
ment of Itev. C. B. Boynton, as Chaplain of
the House of Representatives of the Fortieth
Congress.
Beitresolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Rev. Charles B.
Boynton is authorized to draw the amount
appropriated by an act entitled '_'An act making
appropriations for the legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen
hundred and sixty-eight," to the payment of
the Chaplain of the House for the Fortieth
Congress.
Approved, March 30, 1807.
RESOLUTIONS.
No. 35.'—Joint Resolution directing the Secre-
tary of the Interior to suspend the execution
i of a law passed by the Thirty-Ninth Congress
for the Relief of tho Heirs of John E.
; Bouligny.
j Beit resolved by the,Senate and House ofRep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
No. 37.—Joint Resolution relative to the iron-
clad Monitor "Camanchc."
, Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
' resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there shall be, and
hereby is, appropriated for the purpose of pay-
ing Donahue, Ryan, and Secor, for losses sus-
tained by them in the construction of the mon-
itor " Camanche," the sum of one hundred and
seventy-nine thousand dollars : and the Socre-
1 tary of the Treasury is hereby directed to pay
the same out of any moneys in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated. t
ArPROvri). March 30, 1867.
el
