2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 5,
NEW YORK.
Dwtght Townsend, Orlando Kellogg,
Martin Kalbfieisch,
Mo-esf F. OcJcll,
Fernando Wood,
Elijah Waul,
John W. Chanter,
James Crooks,
Anson Herrick
William Radford,
Jolin 13. Steele,
John V. L. Pruyn,
Calvin T. Iluiburd,
Samuel F. Miller,
Ambrose W. Claik,
Thomas T. Davis,
R. B. Van Valkenburgh,
Freeman Clarke,
Augustus Frank,
Reuben E. Fenton.
NEW JERSEY.
John F. Starr, Andrew J. Rogers,
George Middleton, Nehemiah Perry.
PENNSYLVANIA.
Henry W. Tiacy,
William H. MiUor,
Joseph 13aily,
Alexander II. Coffroth,
Glunni VV. Scofield,
John L Dawson,
James K. Mooihead,
Thomas Williams.
Charles O'Neill,
Ueonard Myers,
Wtlllam D. KelJey,
John D. Stiles,
John M. Broomall,
Sydenham E. Anrona,
Thaddeus Stevens,
Myer Strouse,
Charles Denison,
DELAWARE.
Nathaniel B. Smithers.
MARYLAND.
Henry Winter Davis.
OHIO.
Geoige II. Pendleton, John O'Neill,
Robert C. Schenck,
Francis C. LeBlond,
Samuel S. Cox,
Waircn P. Noble,
James M. Ashlpy,
William E.Fiuck,
KENTUCKY.
Lucien Anderson, William II. Randall. <
George II. Yeaman,
INDIANA.
John Law, George W. Julian,
Henry W. Ilairington, Godlovu S. Orth,
William S. Ilolman, Schuyler Colfax.
ILLINOIS.
Isaac N. Arnold, Jcsmj 0. Notion,
John F. Faitibworth, John K. Eden.
Elihu li. W.isshhuine, William 11. Morrison.
Ebon C. lugoi'Jioll,
MISSOURI.
Henry T. Mow, ^rmpionlu^ II. Boyd,
John G. ticott, Ilenjamin F. Loan.
MICHIGAN.
Fernando C. Beamau, . Francis W. ICHlogg.
George Bliss,
James r. Monis,
Epluaim r. Eckley,
Itufus p. Spalding,
James A. Garfield.
Charles Upson,
John W. Lotigycar^
Augustus C. Baluvvin.
James F. Wilson,
Hiiam Price,
William B. Allison,
IOWA.
Joslah B. Grinnell,
John A. Kasson,
A*ahel W. Hubbard.
WISCONSIN.
.Tames S. Brown, Ama^a Cobb,
Ithauuit C. Sloan, M/au Wheeler.
C:\L1K0R\MA. •-
Thomas B. Shannon, CoitiHiu.i Cole.
MINNESOTA.
William Wiudom, iimauus Donnelly.
OREGON. KANSAS.
John It. McBndo. A. Ca'tei Wilder.
WEST VIRGINIA.
Jacob B. filair,
NEW .MEXICO.
Frnncifeo Peiea.
Kclhaii V. Whaley.
UTAH.
Joim f. Kinney.
COLORADO.
Ilham P. Bennel.
WASHINGTON.
George E« Cole.
Dtivins: the call,
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin, stated that, his
colleague, Mr. Eldridge, was detained at home
by sickness.
'Mr. MILLER., of Pennsylvania, sfateel that
his colleagues, xMes«5i\a. Randall and Thaykr,
vvfre jui 11 (■(}.
The SPEAKER stated that one hundred raid
twenty members had answered to their names —
more than a quorum—and that the House was
retfdy to pi need to the transaction of business.
Mr, WASHntTSNE, of ! llinois, submitted the
following resolution; which was road, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Cleik inform the Senate that a quo-
rum of the Uoiue oi' llvj.a'coniauves has> assembled, and
that thfl House ie ready to prorcfd to business.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by Mr.
Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House that
a quorum of that body had assembled, and was
ready to proceed with the busmessof thesession.
COMMITTEE TO WAIT UPON THE PRESIDENT.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, submitted
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That a committee of three he appointed on
the part of the House, to join such committee as may be
appointed on the pan of the Senate, to wait upon the
President of the United States and inform him that a quo-
rum of the two Houses has assembled and that Congress
is ready to receive any communication he may be pleased
to make.
The SPEAKER appointed Messrs. Wash-
burne of Illinois, Pendleton, and Fenton as
such committee on the part of the House.
NEW MEMBERS.
Mr. ODELL announced that Hon. Dwigiit
Townsend, a member-elect from the first district
of New York, to fill the vacancy occasioned by
the resignation of Hon. Henry G. Stebbins, was
present, and desired to be sworn in.
Mr. Townsend presented himself at the Speak-
er's desk, and was sworn in.
Mr. PEREA announced that Hon. Charles
D. Poston, Delegate-elect from the Territory of
Arizona, was present,and desired to be sworn in.
Mr.PosTON presented himself at the Speaker's
desk, and wasi swoin in.
It E P RES AN TAT IVES FROM LOUISIANA.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the credentials of W. D. Mann,
T. M. Wells, Robert W. Taliaferro, A. P.
Field, and M. F. Bonzano, claiming; seats as
Repi esrntativos from the State of Louisiana,
whieh were read and referred to the Committee
of Elections.
Mi. DA WES. I no w offer the customary les-
olutioiuhat the gentlemen churning seats as mem-
ber fiom Louisiana, be entitled to occupy seats
upon the floor, and to speak to the merits of their
chum to seats m this body. 11 is the ordinary res-
olution.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suggest to
the gentleman that he modify his resolution soas
to provide that they shall be entitled to the privi-
leges of the floor.
Mr. DAWES. Such claimants have always
been permitted to occupy seats and speak to the
merits of the questions.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to modify the reso-
lution by inserting the words "when the report
shall be made from the Committee of Elections."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move, as a
substitute for both propositions, that those gen-
tlemen be granted the privileges of the Hall.
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I accept the substitute, and ask
a vote on it.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
LAWS OF THE TERRITORIES,
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the laws of the Territories of
Washington,Nevada, and Nebraska; which were
severally leferred to the Committee on Territo-
lies.
BILLS ON LB ATE, ETC.
The SPEAKER proceeded, as the next order of
business, to call the States for bills on leave. No
bills be mg offered, the States weie nextcuiled for
resolutions.
DRAWING SEATS.
Mr. ELIOT intioduced the following resolu-
tion, and demanded the previous question:
Ei wived* That the Cieik of the limine do now place in
a !>f>x the is,tnio of each Member and Deleeuie <<: the ilou-e
ot llepie-rmative;; will ten on a piece of papei; that he
then piocoed, m the pte^enee ot ino House, to diaw fio.n
-•aiu ).u\-, one at a tune, iIj«" j-a.d >1 iu- m pap«i, and <ss e<ici>
Kdi.uui he shall announce tne name of the Member or
iXiefrite upon it, who -iuill ehoo-c ii'.« Mjatfoi the pi {.'sent
s^e^i'm: j'lovidrd, YJiat bemre bud duuviag .-hah com-
mence the Speaker shall cuw evorv -scut to nc vac.O'jd,
and nhaii >ee liiat ( veiy scat contmue-> vacant mm! jt ^
^elected under thivo.der; and tnat eveiy seat, aftei ham.sr
been .^ei'-eted. >h.iil he deemed vacant if loft unuceupicd
botore the cnllmg of the roil i< litiiiiitd.
11 Mr. COX. I move to lay the resolution on
|| the table.
il Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think that
last session we drew seats for the whole Con-
gress.
The.SPEAICER. The Clerk will read the reso-
lution of last session.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
« Resolved, That the Cierk of the House do now place in
a box the name of each Member and Delegate of the House
of Representatives, wntten on a piece of paper; that he
then proceed, in the pre3encc of the House, to draw from
said box. one at a time, said slips of paper, and as each is
drawn iie shall announce the name ot the Member or Del-
egate upon it, who shall choose his seat for the present
session: Provided, That before said diawing shall com-
mence the Speaker shall cause every seat to be vacated,
and shall see that eveiy seat continues vacant until it is
selected undci tiiisoidei; and that every scat, after having
been selected, shall be deemed vacant if left unoccupied
before the calling of the roil is finished.55
Mr. ELIOT. I would like to say a word.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order except
by unanimous consent.
Mr. ELIOT. That rule expired with the last
session of Congress.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made, and re-
marks arc not in order.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio will withdraw his motion and move to post-
pone the resolution until the first Monday ot De-
cember next, when it will evidently be in order.
Mr. COX. I have no objection to that,as I do
not expcct to take aseatat that time. I will make
that motion.
Mr. ELIOT. I rise to a question of order. I
think it is a question of order to inquire of the
Chair whether it has not been, with one excep-
tion, the prnclicc for many years to draw seats
at the commencement of each session. There
has been one exception since i have been in Con-
gress, and only one.
I think that gentlemen who have, during tlie
long session, been on the outside away from the
eye of the Speaker, have a fair right now to be
within the Speaker's reach.
The SPEAKER* The Chair overrules the
point of oider, and thinks it is in the nature of
debate.
Mr. A. W, CLARK. I renew the motion to
lay on the table.
"Mr. ELIOT. On that I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was agreed to; and the resolution
was laid on the tabic.
AMENDMENT OP THE CONSTITUTION.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I offer the fol-
lowing resolution, and ask Us reference to the
Committee on the Judiciary:
Resolved, That tlie Judicuuy Committee be instiucted
to repoit a bill for the amendment of the Constitution,
providing that so much of the ninth section of the ih^-t
article o( the Constitution as declaies that no tax or duty
fcliall be laid on articles expoited iiom any State he, and
tlie same is heieby, annulled.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 hope the gentleman from
Maryland will allow that resolution to be referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means. It cer-
tainly is a subject over which that committee
ought to have jurisdiction. I had already pre-
pared a resolution upon that subject. I think the
Committee of Ways and Means are prepared to
consider it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I have no objec-
tion to that reference, and I demand the previous
question on the resolution.
Mr. STEVENS. I undeistand the gentleman
to have modified the resolution.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I have done so
so as to substitute the Committee of Ways and
Means for the Committee on the Judiciary.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oidered, and under the operation
thereof the resolution was agreed to.
MESSAGE ttllOM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Senate
had agreed to the following resolution:
Resolved,'}'hat a committee coiiMsrin?of thiee members
be appointed to join such committee ;i< mav 1>^ nppomf'd
by tne TJou^o ot Reproentative-, to wait upon fie Pir>i-
dent ot the United States and imoim him tlnit a euoimo of
each House ha-, a-s-mibied and that Congress is i«>ad\ to
ivceive any communication lie ma\ be ph:dM>d to mala":.
Oidered, That Mi. Foot, Mr. OoNNi-ss,nnd Mr. Hex-
bricks be the committee on ihe part of tlie Senate.
HEPRESrXTATION OB1 LOUISIANA.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I suppose it i^ in
order wndrr this cull to present a petition, i am
