6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 7,
T*he whole bill, sir, aims at what is simply im-
possible. You cannot make a gold dollar worth
less.than it is, or a paper dollar worth more than
it is, by a congressional declaration. I think we
had experience enough in that direction with the
famous gold bill at the last session. Wc passed
that measure after a, very severe pressure, and
with great promises as to the wonders it would
work in Wall street. Itcontinued on the statute-
book for some twelve days—gold advancing at a
frightful rate every day until its repeal was effect-
ed. The bill now under consideration has already
had a most pernicious effect, and should it become
a law, no man can measure its fatal influence. It
is for these reasons that I desire to have its refer-
ence reconsidered.
Mr. COX. It seems to me, if the gentleman
wants to cut down the price of gold, that he had
■better not have this bill up again and have it dis-
-cussed in Congress. He had better have it re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means, and
let it be disposed of at once.
Mr. BLAINE. I desire to get it before the
House again simply for the purpose of laying it
on the table, and thus removing it from the field
of controversy.
Mr. COX. 1 will assist the gentleman from
Maine in that. But I do not agree with him that
this bill has had the effect of putting up the pi ice
of gold. I think the President played the bull in
his message of yesterday.
Mr. BLAINE. I cannot stop now to discuss
that proposition with the genlleman from Ohio.
I shall be glad to have his aid in laying the bill
on the table; and to that end he will of course
vote to have the motion of reference reconsidered.
Mr. STEVENS. My friend from Maine [Mr.
Blaine] has an.mtuitive way of getting at a great
national question; one which has exeicised the
thoughts of statesmen of several countries for
many years; onewhicWI think is at least worthy
of consideration. I do not know how far the bill
is practicable, or how far it ought to be modified.
But that there ought to be some law which shall
prevent gambling in gold, by which it is put at
two and ti half times Us value, is just as clear as
that that system is making every man who eats
food pay three priccs for it, and reduces the price
of tiie lawful money of the country to less than
one liulf its real value.
Now, sir, 1 know that the gold gamblers can^
take advantage of anything to put up the price of
gold; and you cannot prevent it unless you legis-
late in some way. I do not. say that the legis-
lation proposed by this bill will reach it, or
that it ought not to be very much modified, but I
nay that it is just the legislation which England
adopted during her great wars with Napoleon, and
continued as a system during the whole ot those
wars, and found it to act beneficially. How the gen-
tleman from Maine, [Mr, Blaine,] by his intuitive
knowledge of these things comes to understand
at once whatthc ablest statesmen of England took
months to mature, 1 cannot very well understand.
It is a happy inspiration, but itis a summary way
to dispose of the question. I move to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. BLAINE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 51, nays Otf, not voting Gil;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Aslllcy, Rally, Baxter, Iiea-
mmi, Clan, Blow, lioyil, Br,inde:;cc, Ainlaofco W. Claik,
Cobb, Cole, Henry Winter Davis, llcminsc, Dixon, Don-
nelly. Dl i«gs, Eckley, Eliot. Fain-, win til, Ganson,Giinnell,
lloop'ei, John (1. linblMid, Halliard, Inp-tooll, Jcnekes,
Kcllev, Orlando Kelloaa, Loan. Limgycar, Mel'lurc, Saia
uelF'. Miller, Moorhead, Mori ill. Daniel Moms. Leonaul
Myers, Chailos O'Neill, Oitli, William U. Randall. John
fi. Ilice, r;chcnek, Shannon, Sloan, .Sniithers, Spaldunt,
Stevens, Thomas, Upson, Van Valkenbuigh. and Wilder
-51.
NAYS—Me?sr?. James C. Allen, Alley, Allison, Ames,
Ancona, Augu-UH O. Baldwin, John D KfiWhvui. Blame,
Bliss, Boutvvell, Brooks, IJroomal I, J«imesS. Brown, Cimn-
ler C'oflroth, Cox, Dawns, Dawson, Denton, Eden,
English, Finck, Garfield, Gunnel!, Harding, Harrington,
Holinan, Asahoi VV. Hubbard, Julian, ICalbfleisch, Francis
W, Kellog?, Kernart, Law, Le Blond, Marcy, MeBride,
Middicton, William II. Miller, James 11. Monis,Moriison,
Noitou, Odell, John O'Neill, Pendleton, Periiatn, Pike,
Price, Piuyri, Radfoid, Rogers, Beofield, Scott, Smith,
Starr, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stiles, Stiousc,
Stuart, Sweat, Towns>end, HJihu B. Washburn, William
B. Washburn, Webster, Wheeler, Williams, Wtison, and
Fernando Wood—6S.
NOT VOTING—William J Ail'-n, Ainuhl,
VViJUam G. Brown, Freeman C'hu ice, (Jiuj, Ctaven*, Cie-5-
well, ThomasT. Davis, Dumoat,Ed?erton,Eldridge, Fen-
ton, Frank, Cooch, Grider, Hale, Ilall, Benjamin G. Har-
ris, Charles M. Ilairis, Ileriick, IIi?by,Ilotehkiss, llutch-
ins, Philip Johnson, William Johnson, ICasson, King,
Knapp, Knox, Lazear, Littlcjohn, Loag,Mal!ory,Maivm,
McAllister, McDowell, Mcl ndoe, McKinney, Amos Myers,
Nelson, Noble, Patterson, Perry, Pomeroy, Samuel J. Kan-
dall. Alexander II. Itiee, Robinson, Edward II.
James rf. Rollins, Itoss, Tlmyei, Tracy, Voouhees, Wads-
worth, Ward, Whaley, Chilton A. White, Joseph VV.
White, Wiadom, Winflold, Benjamin Wood, Woodbridge,
and Yeainan—63.
So the motion to lay on the table was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. BLAINE. I move the previous question
upon the motion to reconsider.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put, and under the
operation thereof the motion to reconsider was
agreed to, there being, on a division ayes 65,
noes 41.
The question then recurred upon the reference
of the bill to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of the question for ten days.
Mr. COX. Would it be in order to move to
lay the bill on the table?
The SPEAKER. It would.
Mr. BLAINE. I desire to make that motion.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker,gentlemen are
mistaken if they suppose that this bill contains
any provision prohibiting the exportation of gold.
It embraces no such provision whatever. It seems
to me that the least the House could do would be
to let the bill be printed and come up for consider-
ation hereafter.
As to the statement that the gamblers in gold
have carried the premium up twelve per cent, by
reason of the fear that this bill may pass, those
who choose to take their part may do so.
Mr. BLAINE. 1 move to lay the bill on the
table.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decidedjn
the affirmative—yeas 73, nays 5'2, not voting 57;
as follows:
YEAS—'Me-is. James C. Allen, Alley, Allison, Amos,
Anemia, Augustus (!. Baldwin, John D. Baldwin, Blame,
Bliss, lloutwcll, Brooks, Bioomall, James S. Blown, Chan-
lei, Colli nth, t.'o\, Dawes, Dawson, lien ison, Eden, Kncilisn,
Finck, Cannon, Glider, Griswold, Hale, Hardimr, Hamil-
ton, llolman, Asiihel \V. HuMiaid, ilnlburd, K.ilhlloisch,
Keinan, Law, I,e Iilond, Maicy, MeHiide, Middli'ton, Wil-
liam II. Miller, Daniel Monis, James it. Moriis,Moirison,
Williams, Wilson, Fernando Wood, ami Yeaiuun—-.3.
NAYS—Mo-it.. A-hley, Daily, liaxter, iiennian, Blair,
Blow ltojd, BiMndejfee, Anibio-e W. Claik, Cobb, Cole,
Henry Whiter l)a\i-, l)i.\on, Donnelly, Dii^'gs, Eckley,
Khnt, Fainsworth, Fiank, Gm field, Gi innell, Huopci, John
11. Hubbard, l!i«<-isoll, JcnekCH, Julian, Ka^son, Keiley,
Francis W. Kollogu, Oilando KuIIojkj, Loan, i,on<ryear,
Marvin, McCluijj, Samuel F. Miller, Moorhead, Moirill,
Hronaid JMveis, rhailes OW'eUl, Oith, Wilham II. Ran-
dall, John U liii''', Sfhenek, Shannon, R'oan. Simthers,
^paldm", Stevens, Up-on, Van Valkeubuigh, Whaley, and
Wildei—. >2, T
NOT VOTING—Mcsi-m. Wilham J. Allen, Anderson,
Arnold. William G. Brown, Fiecman Claiko, Clay, Cra-
vens. (''•OMvel!,^Thomas T.Duvm, Denung, Dmnont, Kdger-
ton, Eldndye, Fenton, Gooeh, Hall, Benjamin G. Hauirf,
.Chailes j\l.'Harris. llemek, Ihgby, Hotcliki*s, JliUcjmis,
Philip Johnt-ou, William Johnson, Kina, Knapp, knox,
Lazear, Littlejohn, Hon!*, Mnlloiv. McAllistei, McDowell,
Melndoe, McKinney, AmoaMyeia, Neli-on, Pattej^on, L>er-
ry, Pomcioy, Sam\i<'l J. Randall, Robinson,Ed\vm d H. Rol-
lins, James S. Rollins, Ro^, h'mnh, Thavei, Tracy, Voor-
lices, Wad-^woith, Waid, Clnkon A. Whil«', Joseph \V.
White, Wmdom, Wmlield, Benjamin Wood, and Wood-
bridge—57.
So the bill was laid on the table.
EXCHANGE OF PRISONERS.
Mr. V/ASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
at the request of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Pi:ndixtox,] I move to reconsider the vote by
which the House referred to the committee on the
conduct of the war his resolution calling on the
President for information m relation to an inter-
view on the bank of the Chickahominy oil the
subject of the exchange of prisoners of war. I
am willing to make that motion, and have the
vote reconsidered, provided the gentleman will
agree to an amendment of his resolution.
Mr. I'ENDLETON. Will the gentleman
please indicate the amendment he desires >
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
amend it so as to call upon the President " in his
discretion, and if not incompatible with the public
interest," to give this information—striking out
that portion of the resoltttion winch assumes that
the conversation referred to was by authonty of
the War Department. I will send to the Clerk
the resolution, modified as I propose.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested, 111 his discretion, ami if not incompatible with the
nublic interest, to communicate to this House the report
inade by Colonel Thomas M. Key of an interview between
lumselt and Gcneial Howell Cobb on the 1-Hii day of June,
1862, on the bank of the Chickahominy, on Uie subject or
the exchange of prisoners of war.
Mr. PENDLETON. I shall be perfectly will-
ing to accept the modifications proposed by the
gentleman, as they do not, in my opinion, change
the sense of the resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then, Mr.
Speaker, I hope-that the vote by which the reso-
lution was referred to the committee oil the con-
duct of the war will be reconsidered, and that the
resolution, modified as I suggest, will he adopted.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection, the
resolution will be considered as adopted ill the
modified form proposed by the gentleman from
Illinois.
There being no objection, the resolution as
modified was adopted.
CALL OF COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER proceeded, as the next busi-
ness in order, to call the committees for reports;
when no reports were presented.
COMMITTEE ON RULES.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that,
on examining the Journal, he finds that the com-
mittee on rules, at the last session of Congress,
was raised only for that session. It fell, as all
committees do unless specially revived. There-
fore, if it is the desire of the House that that
committee shall be continued during this session,
special action of the House is necessary.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. I move that
the committee on rules, as raised at the last ses-
sion, be continued during the piesent session.
The motion was agreed to.
UNITED STATES CURRENCY.
Mr. BLAINE. I move to reconsider the vote
by whi'ch the House this morning laid on the
table the bill to prevent gold and silver com and
bullion from being paid or exchanged for a greater
value than their real current value, and for pie-
venting any note or bill issued by the United
States, and made lawful money and a legal tender,
from being received for a smaller sum than is
therein specified. I also move that the motion to
reconsider be laid oil the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CALL OF STATES.
The SPEAKER proceeded, as the regular or-
der of business, to call the States and Territories
for resolutions and bills on leave, commencing
with the Territory of Idaho.
MAIL COMMUNICATION WITH CHINA.
Mr. COLE, of California, introduced a bill to
authorize the establishment of ocean mail steam-
ship service between the United States and China;
which was rend a first and second time, and re-
folded to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
APPORTIONMENT OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Mr. SLOAN offered the following lesolution,
nnd demanded the previous question on its adop-
tion:
Resolved, That the Judiciary Committee be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of so amending section two
of aitiele one ot'the Constitution of the United ^Uto, tliat
Repiescntativcs in Coegiess shall bo apportioned among
the seveial States which may be included within the Union,
aecoidmg to their respective numbersot ijualilied eleetois,
and to report by bill or otherwise.
The previous question was then seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
Mr. PENDLETON. Is it in ouler to move
that tlie resolution be laid on the table?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. PENDLETON. Then I submit that mo-
tion.
The motion was disagreed to.
The question then recurred on the adoption of
the resolution.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 ask the gentleman from Wis-
