1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
f
consin to allow me to amend his resolution bo that
it shall provide tlmt Senators in Congress shall be
apportioned in the same way.
The SPEAKER. The main question having
been ordered, amendment is not now in order.
On a division there were—ayes 34, noes 42; no
quorum voting.
The SPEAKER., under the rules, ordered tell-
ers, and appointed Messrs. Sloan and Brooks.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not know whether I
understand the resolution, and I ask that it be again
read. If it be a mere resolution of inquiry, there
can, of course, bo no objection to it.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. COX. Is it in order to call for the yeas
and nays?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. COX. Then I demand the yeas and nays
on the adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas CO, nays 55, not voting 67;
as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. AIlcv, Allison, Ames, Arnold, Baiiy,
John B. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, iiluvr, Boutwell, iioyd,
Bioomall,' Ambrose W. Clatk, Cobb, Oulc, Donnelly,
Dri"g&, Eckley, Eliot, F;uns\vorlh, Carfioid, Grnmell,
Hooper, Ashncl W. Hubbard, llillhurd, Ingcisoll, Julian,
Kilsson, Kelley, Orlando Kellogg, Longyeai, Marvin, Mc-
lSnde, MeUlurg, Mooiheail, Morull, Daniel Morns, Leon-
ard Myeis, Noitou.Cliailes O'Neill. Oitli, Patteison, t'er-
Iiam, Puce, William II. Randall, Alexander II. Kiee, John
H. Kiee, Sehcnck. Shannon, Sloan, Hpakiuiii, Starr, Ste-
vens, Thomas, Upson, Van Valkenbuigh, EUhu B. Wasll-
burne. Wheeler, Wiiliams, and Wilson—00.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Ancona, Augustus C.
Baldwin, Blair, Bliss, Brandegee, Biooks, James t>. Brown,
Chanler, Coffioth, Cot, Daivc-, Dawson, Deinuig. Deill-
eon, Dixon, Eden, English, Fmek, Frank, Canson, Gudei,
Haiding, Harrington, llolman, Jenekes, Kalblleiseh, Ita-
lian, Law, Le Blond, JIaicy,Aluldleum, William II. Miller
Jamr " "  " 
Pend
John
Swe. ,
Wood—5.").
NOT VOTING—Messis. William J. Allen, Anderson,
Ashley, Blaine, WilliamG. Blown. Freeman Clarke, Clay,
Cravens, Creswell, item v Winter Davis, Thomas T. Davis,
Dumont, Edgerton, lildndge, Fen'on, Gooel', Unswold,
Ilale, Hall, Benjamin G. Huiris, Cliailes SI II,mis, Ilrr- |
nek, Higby, IIotchlti-s, John II. Iliibhaid, liiitehuis,I'lnlip :
Johnson, 'William Johnson, Francis Ur. Kellogg, King,
Krianp, Knox, Lazear, Littleiohn, Loan, Long, M-illorv, j
McAllister, McDowell, Mclndoe, MelCinncy, Sairmi-l F |
Miller, Amos Mycis, Nelson, I'env, I'ike. Pomeroy, Samiiel
J. Kandall, Itobinsou, Edward II. Rolhns, James s. l*ol- j
lms, Ross. Scotield, Thayer,Tiacy, Vooihees,_W adsworth,
Ward, William B. Washburn, Chilton A. White. Joseph !
W. White. Wilder, Wiudom, Wmiield. Benjamin Wood, j,
Woodbrldge, and Yeaman—67.
So the resolution was adopted.
During the vote,
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, moved to
dispense with the reading of the list.
Mr. HARRINGTON objected, stating that
when the reading had been dispensed with he had
often found his name not recorded.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
Mr. SLOAN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JURISDICTION OF DISTRICT COURTS. j[
Mr. WILSON submitted the following resolu- jj
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to: ,|
Resolved, That the Committee oil the Judicial y consider .■
and rcpoit whether any legislation is needed in re.eu-dce ..
to the jiirbchction and authority of uc several cabinet
eouits ot' the United Stales.
PROTECTION 01? OYERLAXD^MIGXtATION,
Mr. WILSON introduced a bill to provide for
the protection of overland emigration to the States
and Territories of the Pacific; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
EXCHANGE OF PRISONERS.
Mr. INGERSOLL offered the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Sectetm j-of War i-. hcicby directed
to lcport to this House what obstacles, if an}, now niter-
pose to prevent an eaily and fall exchange ot the pusoners
of war now held by the rebels.
The SPEAKER. This being a call upon one
of the Executive Departments for information
must, under the rules, lie over for one day, un-
less there be unanimous consent to its adoption
at this time.
Mr. COX. 1 ask the gentleman from Illinois
to yield to me to offer an amendment.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will hear the amend-
ment.
Mr. STEVENS. I object to the consideration
of the resolution on this day.
The SPEAKER. Then it will lie over until
to-morrow.
Mr. COX. I give notice that when the resolu-
tion comes up I shall offer the following amend-
ment:
Resolved, That (if not incompatible with the public in-
terests) all communications in reference to the exchange
of pti-?oners, not hoietofore published, be communicated to
this House by the Secietaiy of War.
NATURALIZATION OF SAXLOKS.
Mr. ARNOLD introduced a bill for an-act to
so amend theiaws in regard to the naturalization
of soldiers as to include sailors also in its provis-
ions; winch was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
SALE 03? MINERAL LANDS.
Mr. JULIAN introduced tho. following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved. That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency ot providing by law
fot the ol the mineuil land= of the lilted Stated, uud
to ri'pnrt by bill or othei wise.
ENLISTMENT OF SOLDIERS.
Mr. HOLMAN introduced the following pre-
amble and resolution,and demanded the previous
question:
Whereas it in represented that many instances have oc-
euriod where soldiers have enh>ted in the service ot' the
United Statos during the present war to fill up old regi-
ments with the a>surance given in some eases, by the ot-
ficersof .-ueli m otlnus, by the Governors ot the
States where the enlistment was made, that su«*h enlist-
ment should be limned to the unexpiied term ot the iegi-
ment, beni£ in hidh instances about two ycais, and such
s-oldicr-, by the madvertonec or fault of the musU'imgotii-
cer.?, mustered into the service for thico^yenn, eonti.ny to
thP tiue intention ol such enhMment: ThereUm1,
Resohcd, That the Commitu <' on Mtiiuty Ati.urssbe in-
stiucted to mquue into tie; fact-. of bueh enhritments, and
what legislation is necess.uy to oiubl<\ 01 require,the bee-
ietiir> oi War to do justice in the premiss*, and rep. it by
bill or othn wise.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. SCHENCK. With the permission of the
House I will say the inquiry is proper enough,
but 1 would suggest a modification. Wherever
the enlistment has been for three years, H has not
been by the inadvertence of the mustering officer,
but of the party who is mustered in. It" prom-
ises were made by regimental officer:*, and Gov-
ernois of States—and there is no question lliat
such promises have been made, and impioperly—
they were made without authority oflaw; and if
soldiers were intrapped and deceived it was owing
to no fault in the mustering officers.
Mr. HOLMAN. My only object was to get
the matter before the committee of which the gen-
tleman from Ohio is chairman, that it might be
considered. His only a matter of inquiry, at any
rate.
The resolution was agreed to.
The preamble was agieed to.
RESTORATION 01' CIVIL AUTHORITY.
Mr. YEAMAN introduced a bill to provide for
the restoration of the civil authority of the United
Staies in certain States; which was read a first-
and second time, referred to the Coinmittee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
XAVy-YAllD, ETC., AT CLEVELAND.
Mr. SPALDING introduced a bill to provide
for the establishment of n navy-yard and navy
depot at Cleveland, in the State of Ohio; which
was read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Naval Aflairs, and ordered to be
printed.
exchange of prisoners.
Mr. COX offered the following resolution:
Resolved If not incompatible with the public inteif^t, nil
communications with relcrence to the exchange ol pns-
oners, not hcretolore published, be communicated to thie
House by the Sceietary of War.
The SPEAKER. This resolution being a call
for executive information, requires unanimous
consent to be considered this day. -
Objection being made, the resolution was laid
over under the rule.
FRAUDS IN PHILADELPHIA NAYY-yAKD.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, introduced
the following preamble and resolution:
Whereas large frauds have been discovered in the Phila-
delphia navy-yard, and, furthermore, many persons holding
important positions therein, and heretofore supposed to be
of character for honesty,have been placed in confinement
for alleged complicity in such theft: Therefore, .
Resolved, Thatn committee of — members of the House
be appointed to investigate sneh frauds, and others that
may be discovered, with power to send for persons and
papers, and that it shall be the duty of such committee lo
leport to this House the result of their inquiry.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I" do not
like to demand the previous question; but if I "do
not, the resolution will go over. . ■
Mr. STEVENS. I suggest to my colleague
that the preamble affirms a fact which the House
cannot be aware of, and he had better modify it
in some way, so that, instead of affirming a fact,
an inquiry into the fact shall be directed.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. 1 take it
for granted that when a man is locked up he is
locked up for some charge, and that there is some
ciime he has committed. There are sixteen men
locked up.
The SPEAKER. If the resolution gives rise
to discussion it goes over under the rule.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I demand
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to lay the resolution
on the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I should
like to have the resolution read again,^ "When a
member hero offers a resolution charging frauds
I hope the House will not refuse an investigation.
The resolution was ngain read.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suggest to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania that lie modify
his resolution by inserting in the preamble the
words "as is alleged." At present he makes the
charge.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. No, sir;
you have not listened to the reading of the reso-
lution or you would have found that the interpo-
lation proposed is unnecessary. _ ....
Mr. O'NEILL, of Pennsylvania. I think this
resolution requires some debate. I atn not pre-
pared to vote on it at this time. There are many
reasons why I think it should not be adopted by
the House, and hence I hope that it will go over
under the rules.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's colleague
has demanded the previous question on the reso-
lution. ,
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I only-
wish light. .
The SPEAKER. Debate is wot in order
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Well, I
will modify the resolution by inserting the words
"as is alleged."
The SPEAKER. There is a blank in the res-
olution. Of what number of members does the
o-entleman wish the committee to consist?
a Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Nine.
Mr. KELLEY. There are similar allegations
made in regard to other navy-yards. 1 ask my
colleague to modify his resolution so as to make
the inquiry general. _ .
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I will in-
clude the arsenal at Philadelphia.
Mr. SPALDING. I ask the gentleman to mod-
ify his resolution so as to refer this matter to the
standing Committee on Naval A flairs, and save the
expense to the country of a special committee.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. 1 ask no
expense. I have not asked an appropriation.
These frauds can be hunted up withoutany appro-
priation. . tiii
Mr. O'NEILL, of Pennsylvania. I should
like to know if the resolution is debatable.
The SPEAKER. It is not. _ r
Mr. O'NEILL, of Pennsylvania. If it is, I
should like to have something to say upon the
subject.
Mr. SPALDING. 1 hope the House will vote
down the previous tjuostion. I call for tellers on
the second. . ... „ e
Tellers wove orJored; anu Messrs. KakdalLj ol
Pennsylvania, and Spalding, were appointed.
The House divided, and the tellers reported—
aves 52, noes €3.
"So the House refused to second the demand for
the previous question.
