1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'11
DUTY ON CIGARS.
Mr. STEVENS. I am instructed by the Com-
mute of Ways and Means to report to the House
jointresolution (H.R.No. 124)explanasoryofthe
act entitled "An act to provide internal revenue
to support the Government, to pay interest on the
public debt, and for other purposes," approved
June 30, 1864; and ask its consideration at the
present time.
The resolution provides that so much of the act
to provide internal revenue to support the Govern-
ment, to pay interest on the public debt, and for
other purposes, approved June 30,18G4, as refers
to the tax or duty on cigars, shall be so construed
that the tax shall be assessed on the real value,
whenever the owner shall fix the value of the
cigars. If the inspector or assessor shall deem
such price below the real value, he may, subject
to the approval of the Secretary of the Treasury,
take the same at the price named, to be sold for
the use of the Government, under authority of the
{Secretary of the Treasury.
Section two provides that returns relative to ci-
gars may be made monthly or bi-munlhly, instead
of weekly, as may be directed by the assessor.
Section three provides that manufacturers of
cigars may have their cigars inspected and
stamped, and pay the tax upon the same at any
time before as well as at the time of sale.
Section four provides that the stamp shall indi-
cate the amount of tax paid or payable.
Mr. BROOKS. This is a very importantbill;
although I do not wish to delay whatever action
may be necessary upon it, yet i would like to see
the bill in a printed form.
Mr. STEVENS. The bill is already piintcd,
but if there is any difficulty about it I would be
willing to have it postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. BROOKS. It is a bill which 1 would like
tohavego before my constituents,and while upon
the floor i would ask the gentleman fium Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] a question. Perhaps it
is premature; but as the subject is suggested by
the Secretary of the Treasury, 1 may ask the
gentleman if it is likely that there will be any
change of duty upon tobacco. The Secretary oi
the Treasury recommends that a tax be laid upon
leaf tobacco. If sucha tax be laid, it will change
the duty upon cigars.
Mr. STEVENS. It is not for me to say
whether there will be any change. It has been
recommended by the Department that a tax be
laid upon leaf tobacco The committee have had
some conversation upon thesubject; butthe com-
mittee have not been full, and therefore have not
come to any conclusion. Nor can 1 inform the
gentleman what the action of the committee will
be; much less what will be the action of this
House.
Mr. BROOKS. Would it not be wise to wait
a few days, until we have some action ot the com-
mittee upon the subject of leaf tobacco, before we
change the duty on cigars?
Mr. STEVENS. Although I am willing to
postpone the consideration of (his joint resolution,
if the gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
desires it, I may suggest here that, m the opinion
of those best acquainted with_ the subject, the
Government has already lost millions by the con-
struction put upon the act of last -session by tue
Commissioner of Interna! Revenue; that the to-
bacco dealers, instead of paying the duty of eight
dollars which the law requires, aie paying, and
have been paying, ""but three dollars upon the
millions and millions of cigars which haire been
sold. There has, therefore, been lost to the rev-
enue the difference between three and eight dol-
lars per thousand upon the large amount that
have been manufactured and sold, or which may
be now on hand, it is in my judgment essential
ihat this joint lesolution should be speedily passed.
If any gentleman desires more time to conssdei
the subject, I will move to postpone it until to-
morrow.
Mr. Y/ASHBURNE, of Illinois. I presume
the House will adjourn over until Monday next.
I think that, after' the statement which has been
made by the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, [Mr. Stcyens,] we should all agree
to pass this joint resolution to-day.
Mr STEVENS. I will make a statement of
the evil to be remedied; then I will not call the
previous question, but allow the gentleman [Mi.
Brooks] time to move to postpone it until a fu-
ture day.
Mr. BROOKS. This is a subject upon which
I am now quite unprepared to act, and which I
have but hastily considered. But 1 will say that,
in the opinion of a large number of honest man-
ufacturers of cigars, it will be quite impossible,
under the principle of the law as it now stands,
ever to have an honest taxation of cigars. The
temptation to fraudisso immense, the duties are so
great, and it is so impossible to detect those frauds,
that with'the principle by which the duty is now
laid upon cigars, I do not believe there can be
any legislation devised which will produce the re-
sult which the honorable gentleman suggests.
It has been suggested that it is practicable to
have a stamp, like that of the post office, to be
affixed to each cigar, so that whenever a duty is
laid upon a cigar the stamp will show whether
it has been paid or not. I have no doubt, from
the best information I can obtain, that a stamp
of one cent, like that used in the post office, on
each cigar, will yield a larger revenue than can
ever be obtained upon any principle like thatcon-
tamed in the old bill,orthatsuggested in the new
one.
One great system of fraud under the present
law, and which the remedy proposed by the
honorable gentleman will not coriect, is the use
of old cigar boxes with the stamps upon them,
in which are put new cigars which have not paid
duty. I think if the honorable gentleman will
take a Utile more time he will lose nothing, but
will accomplish what he and I undoubtedly both
desire.
1 have no personal interest in this matter, not
using tobacco in any form or shape whatever,
and therefore I am entirely disinterested upon
this subject. But if the honorable gentleman will
consult with others whourcpiactically acquainted
with the subject, and give the House due time to
consider it, 1 think he will come to the conclusion
winch has struck my mind, not irrevocably, but
which has impressed me with considerable force,
that the true way to collect the duty oil cigars
is to put a stamp upon each cigar.
Mr. STEVENS. I am not ready at this time
to say whatisthe best mode of preventing frauds;
and theie is the great difficulty. At present, how-
ever, the committee do not propose to attempt
any alteration of the law. They propose now
merely that Congress shall declare what wo sup-
pose to have been the meaning of the act of Con-
gress of Wt session, m contradistinction to what
we consider the very erroneous decision of the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to ask my friend from
Pennsylvania whether there is no way of correct-
ing such decisions except by a joint resolution of
Congress.
Mr. STEVENS. There may be some other
way; but at any rate I consider this method the
most effectual.
Mr. DAWES. 1 would suggest to my friend
that the system devised in the law of last session
seems, in Us practical operation, to be so com-
plicated, that, so far as I know, it is, among the
cifar manufacturers of New England, found to
bcutterly impracticable. My friend will, I think,
be veiy soon satisfied, in the course ot the ses-
sion, mat this is not the only legislation that will
be required upon the subject. Cigar manufactu-
ring has been entirely, or almost entirely, stopped
bv"the singular law of last session, or its mo; e
i siVular construction. Tne law was certainty
1 sufficiently perplexing; but the construction ot it
! has increased the difficulty instead of diminishing
■ it. I have great apprehension that there will be
I required something more than a simple joint reso-
lution to lead us out of this wilderness into which
somebody has broughtus. I hope that my f. .end
will be patient, a,id will address himself and the
labors of his committee to clearing up the smoke
which surrounds tins subject.^
A Memueh. What kind ot smoker
Mr. DAWES. Cigar smoke, of course.
^Thp'sPFAKER. Does the Chair understand
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] to
object to the consideration of the bill at this time.
If so, the bill must be leferred to the Committee
I of the Whole on the state of the Union.
1 Mr. BROOKS. 1 should be glad if the gcntle-
! man from Pennsylvania would agree to postpone
the bill to a given day, so that there could,be; ft
little discussion on it. I would not object toa
postponement to a given day some- time -next
week. * • i .
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands' the
gentleman from New York to object only' to :the
consideration of the bill at the present time- , >
Mr. BROOKS. I ,do no't desire to object; but
I trust the gentleman will consent to a postpone-
ment of the bill. - -
Mr. STEVENS. I have already said that af
the gentleman will allow me to make the. state-
ment which I desire to make, I am willing that
the consideration of the bill shall be postponed.
I have no desire to press the matter unduly; bat
I think the subject should beactedonwithoutafiy
unnecessary delay, because the Government, un?
di-r the present construction of the law, is losing
every day some thousands of dollars of revenue
on the manufacture nf cigars.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 think that if the honorable
gentleman from Pennsylvania will allow the bill
to be postponed until Tuesday or Wednesday
next, that will be soon enough to act upon it.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman will allow
the bill to be taken up now, [ will state the evil
which, in the opinion of the committee, it is im-
portant to remedy.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection ,to the
consideration of the bill by the House at the
present time?
Mr.BROOKS. I withdraw my objection, with
the understanding that after the remarks of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania the bill will be post-
poned until Tuesday next.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, among the
provisions of the act of last session are the fol-
lowing laying a tax on cigars:
" Oil cigarettes made wholly of tobacco, and also on
cigars known as cheroots or shoit sixes, valued in each
case at not ove. five dollars per thousand, three dollars per
thousand. ;
" On cigars valued at over five dollars and not over fif-
teen dollais per thousand, eight dollais per thousand.
•£ On cigars valued at over fifteen dollars and not over
thirty dollars per thousand, fifteen dollars per tlmusand.
" Oil cigars valued at over thirty dollars per thousand
and not over loity-five dollars, twenty-five dollars per thou-
sand.
"On cigars at over forty-five dollars per thousand, forty
dollars per thousand ; and the valuation of cigars herein
mentioned shall m all eases bo the value of thecigars, ex-
clusive of the tax."
It is under that clause of the law that the diffi-
culty with the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
has arisen. By his construction, he has declared
that we must wait until the sale ot the cigars, and
that if they sell for less than thirteen dollars per
thousand they are subject to a tax of only three
dollars, although the law says that cigars valued
at over live dollars per thousand shall pay a tax
of eight dollars per 'housand. The result is
that all cigar manufacK *ers, so far as 1 know—
certainly all the principal manufacturers have
stopped business, and have sold out or leased
their establishments to their foremen. The man-
ufacturer sells the tobacco to his foreman, who
manufactures the cigars, and in that Jorm sells
the tobacco back to the dealer, the piincipal man,
at thirteen dollars per thousand, and on tb.se
cigars a tax of three dollars per thousand is paid ;
whereas it is well known to every man -who
knows anything about the subject that at tile
present price of tobacco and the present cost ot
manufacturing there cannot be and is not a sin-
gle thousand of cigars made for less than five
dollars; and therefore if they were-rated at their
ttue value they would ail be subjected to a tax of
ei ht instead of three dollars per thousand.
"But, under the idea which the Commissioner
takes, that you must take it lor what it sells as
the \alue—and he instructs that that is conrlu-
slvc the sale governs the inspectors and assess-
:! ore. Then, sir, nine tenths of the cigars rrianu-
'I factured since the lastsession of this Congress up
to the present day—nine tenths,I ventuie to say,
I 'have paid but three dollars tax.
Now, what 1 propose, iMr. Speaker, is that in -
ste'ad of the saleactually made being theconclusive
value for the tax, the tax shall be assessed oy
exoerienced inspectors, and that upon the value
fixed by them the tax shall be assessed, althougn
that tax will bring it above thirteen dollars.
That is all there is of it. It construes the mode
of finding out what ts the value of cigars.
1 provide also, what is the provision of other
