M
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
Mi\ FOOT. If the Senate will indulge me in
a frord of explanation, this joint resolution passed
the House of Representatives near the close of the
last session, was sent to the Senate fer concur-
rence, and referred to the appropriate committee.
Through inadvertence on my part it was not then
brought to the attention of the committee. Dur-
ing the last days and hours of the session, in the
crowd of business, it was overlooked, and conse-
quently failed of action in this body. The com-
mittee now direct me to report it and ask the
unanimous consent of the Senate for its present
consideration. I will state that it involves no ap-
propriation, but merely authorizes the Secretary
of the Navy to expend so much out of the con-
tingent fund as may be necessary to erect a wing
by wajr of enlargement of the Navy Department
building. That addition is in process of con-
struction, and now nearly completed. I under-
stand its entire cost will be about fifty thousand
dollars, which is ahoutequivalent to the sum paid
for two years' rent of buildings necessary for the
accommodation of the clerical force and employes
of that Department.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. DAVIS, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a joint f evo-
lution (S. No. 81) for the restoration of peace and
the Union, the vindication of the Constitution,
and the construction of additional and adequate
guuiantees-of the rights and liberties of the people
of the United States; which was read a first time
by its title and passed to a second reading, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a hill (ri. No.
354) extending the time for the completion of cer-
tain land-grant railroads in the Slate of Minnesota
and regulating the disposal of lands heretofore
granted said State to aid in the construction of such
roads; which was read twice by its title and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. FARWELL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
335) to amend "an act to regulate the admeas-
urement of tonnage of ships and vessels of the
United Sfutes," passed May J8h'4; winch whs
read twice by its title, and refined to the Com- ;
miltee on Commerce. |
REFERENCE OF PRESIDENT'S Mi^SAGE. j
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, it was j
Ordered, That so mm*h of the I'le-idemS annual mes>- !
sage ;is concern^ our h> o(^n n'!ation> be rd'eried to the i
Committee on Foieiun Relations. :
i
INCREASE OF T1H3 REVENUE. !
Mr. DGOLITTLE. I the fi.liowiiiR ics-
oluuon: i
Rrioived* That the Committee on Fjnanee he m -trnetod
to inquue into the piopuety of the immediate impure of
on net to ineie,w the ic venue, fit^f, by ait addn mnal fav oi
one pei cent, upon all vile- ol real and |iei -onn! nnmeity,
including aNontl hregfun^ t<n the v-ale ot nn'i eiia:uh->e, prod-
uce, gold or silver t*nm,or^toek , of;un de-eripuon : t-ecend,
by an additional lav ni twenly-five pei cent, upon iho
receipt"*, to be ad-l'-d to the pic&uul tate..,oi at! laihoad
fares, including >t:eet laihoad-, steamboat^. and fen iec, to
be collected by the companies or {n-^op-; miming thermic,
(or the u-e oi the Clovet nment. And thai said committee
be fuither nwtmcted to inquue ni'o the piopiicty or the
pas«av^e of a law to prevent tins itn'hct evpainion ot the
currency by the orjr.uu/. rioa <>t" :>n\ n< w banking u-soeia
tion^ c\'0''[>t when they may take the pi.a e t.f some e.\itt-
in<? State bank. And that said committee he iuiMier in-
stiuctcd to hiqtme into the piopi jery oi icdeeiuuijr all the
outstanding' inteioi hcai ui2 le;;a!>tendei nolej, by
ir, then clead oth'M not---,. n, denomination not h'-^ i'nn
fifty doiiath each, beamu? a unifoun intcieat, 'rem the l>t
day of January in each yeai, of tlr.ee and sixtv-hve one-
hundredth^ pei cent, pei atmuni, Willi coupons afaehed,
to be paid oat. and to be made a legal teude* to; their laee,
With interest added.
As this is a simple resolution of inquiiy, in-
structing the Committee on Finance toinquiie into
the subject, I ask foi its present consideration.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let it he over.
The PRESIDENT pro Itinporc. Objection
being made, the resolution will ;ie OV' r.
COASTING TltADM.
Mr. FAR WELL submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Unsolved, That the Committee on Commeice bo in-
fracted to inquue into the piopr letv of consolidating the
three great districts, and for providing that licensed vessels
may trade to ports on the Atlantic and Gutfcoa&ts without
clearance and entry at the custom-house.
AMERICAN SAXLOXt BOYS.
Mr. FAR WELL submitted the following: res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to inquire into the propuety of providing by law
that ve^s-ehs engaged m foreign trade &haH employ or take
on hoard Amencan boys, at least one for every five hun-
died tons measurement.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. SHERMAN. If there is no farther legis-
lative business, \ move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
The motion wasagreed to; and after sometime
spent in executive session, the doors were re-
opened.
CONDUCT OF GENERAL PAINE AT PADUCAH.
On motion of Mr. POWELL, the Senate re-
sumed the consideiaUun of the following; resolu-
tion submitted by him on the 7th instant:
Resolved, That the rfecrctaiy of Wai be dneeted, if not
incompatible with the public inteiect, to twin-nut to the
Senate the lepoit and evidence taken by a military com-
mission, of wliieh l>ri{; d ei Genual .Speed S. Fiv wa>
pte-,!d'>nt, appealed to mvusiiiMte the conduct of B u^a-
dier General Panic, of the United States Anny, m and
about i'aduera, Kentucky.
Th" PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pending
question is on the motion of the Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Trumeull] to refer the resolution
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the Mi-
litia; and upon that question the yeas and nays
have been oidered.
Mr. POWELL. It is not my purpose, sir, to
discuss the question fuither, but simply to make
a statement in answer to some interrogatories
which were put to me when the resolution was up
before. I was then asked by some Senator, I
think the Senator from Maryland, [Mr. John-
son,] whether or not this General Paine was now
in the mvice, I have wiitten a note to the Ad-
jutant General on the subject, and 1 am informed
by that functionary that General Paine has tend-
ered his resignation, but it lias not been accepted,
and he is still in the sei vice. 1 had seen it stated
in the newspaper;; that ins resignation was ac-
cepted, but that fa-ems to have been a mistake.
I wax also asked by whom this commission
was appointed, and I was unable to answer the
question. I am now advised by the Adjutant
General that it was appointed by Brevet Major
General Burbridge, commanding the Department
of Kentucky.
1 will tmiher remark that a little mistake ap-
peared m the report in the Globe, and the Senator
front Illinois seemed to catch my remark as the
reporter did. 1 am made to say in the Globe that
the report of this commission had been published
in the nevvspapeis. That was a mistake. The
statement I made or intended to make, was that
accounts of the j epou lu.d been published in the
newspapers.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it was the Sena-
tor's colleague who slated that.
Mr. POWELL, lam leported in the Globe
as saying that the report had been published, and
I undeistood the Senator from Illinois to com-
ment on my remruk as if 1 had said so. The idea
I intended to convey was that [ had seen accounts
of this repott, newspaper articles purpoi ting to
§ive some of the points in the report. I have
never seen the leport: n has not been published
m the newspapers, to my knowledge. The mis-
take was a very trilling one, to be sure.
1 think this document is of such a kind and
character that we ought to have it. I hope the
Senate will vote down the motion of the Senator
from Illinois. I can see no reason for refening
the resolution to a committee. I hope it will be
adopted at once. The document is a public record
m which the people of the counti y are v.i y deeply
interested, especially the people uj the legion
wheie these transactions occonou.
The question h'ung taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 30, nays 8; as follows:
YEAS—Anthony. Drown Chandler,Chuk,Col-
laniej; (Jonne-s. Dixon, Doolittie, Faiwcli. Foot, t'o-t"i,
Gnme>, Ji:niaa. Ham., UeudeiM.ii, Lane, or Kan-
t'a?, Moi^asi, aloinl!, I'omeio., R tnii-ey. '"-hemi tn.
Spm-zuo, Sumner, Ten E>ck, Ti'innmjl!, Van W'ia, .e
Wade, Wilie\,n!)d Wilson—:)0.
jjaYS—Mesera. Buckaknv, Davis, Hendncks, Johnson,
Nesmith, Powell, Riddle, and Wii^ht—8.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. CaiMe, Cowan. Hale, Ihud-
in?, [hcks, Howaid, Lane,"of Indinna. MeDougall, Rich-
ardson, Saulsbury, and Wilkinson—1J.
So the motion was agreed to, and the resolution
was refrned to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs and the Militia.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Several executive messages in writing were
received from the President of the United States,
by Mr. Nicolay,1iir Secretary.
Mr. HENDRICKS. A few moments since, my
colleague stated to the Senate that he expected a
communication from the President in relation to
an important office in Indiana, upon which it is
desirable to have immediate action, in order to
ascei tarn whethei such a communication has been
leceived, I move that the Senate procecd to the
consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spenf in executive session the doors were reopened
and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 12, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Cuanning.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved.
RESIGNATION OF A MEMBER.
Tim SPEAKER la'd before the Lioi;s;e the fol-
lowing communication, which was read:
Washington, D. (J., Dcectnhu 10, 16GL
Pir : I have letigned inv seat m Coni;ic^,io take eflect
on the 00th mutant. { will leave i'or Albany on Monday
next, and as it ir not piobahle that I ^liall iPtmn m the
moan time, I now tendei my ixvi^nation as a member of the
Coimmttee ot' Way* and Means., and al.^o on the commit-
tee on the H-b< llion-- States.
Ve;y ie^pcctiuh>, R. E FENTON,
Thiitxj-Fvist JDxtuct jS'c;v ¥oif:.
Hon. c®cntj\ llk Cuj.i-ax,
Spcui:cr House oj Representatives.
TACANCIJ5S OX 00-UMITTEES.
The SPEAKER announced the lollowing ap-
pointments to fill vacancies upon sundry com-
mittees of the House:
On the Committee of "Ways and Means, in
place of Mr. Stebbins, Mr. J. V. L Prcjyn".
On the Committee of Ways and Mea n, in
place of Mr. Fenton, Mr. D. C. Littlcjoilv.
On the Committee on a Uniform System of Coin-
age, &c., in place of Mr. Stebbins, Mr. Dwight
Townsend. *
On the select committee on the rebellious States,
in place of Mr. Fenton, Mr. T. T. Davis.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the
committees for reports to go on the Calendar, and
not to be brought back into the House by a mo-
tion to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. This being the alternate
Monday, and the morning business not having
exhausted the morning hour, in accordance with
the rule of the House the morning hour expires
with, the conclusion of the business appropriated
to U. The Chair will therefore call up the special
order for to-da^, being the bill reported by tlie
Committee of Ways and Means m i elation to the
duty on cigais.
nUTir OK CIGARS.
The House t^en proceeded to the consideration
of the HouSi joint resolution (Xo. 124) explana-
tory of the act entitled " An act to provide m tenia]
revenue to supnoit the Government, to pay inter-
est on the public debt, and fox other purposes-,"
approved June 33, 1664.
Mr. STEVENS. Several gentlemen feel adif-
licuhy about this question of the tax upon cigars,
for, as they say, there is so much involved in it.
After some conversation with the Commissi!.ner
of [I'teinal Revenue 1 feel some apprehension that
either he has misunderstood us or we have mu-
uadustood him in iufeiencx to 'I:;.. Mi'-j-T?. In
oider, theiefore, to give fuither oppouumty for
examination, 1 move to p.'Slpone this K-solution
until Thuisday next.
Mr. DROOKS. If :he irentleman fiom Penn-
sylvania [M s. bTi.vi:Nb] will permit me, 1 will
read a hole which i ; ,uc ncfur-d from a ln-ge
ne.tiouai tOi>m.c(M.ihts' .,ss"c,a; ion recently held in
^ -\v 1'..-.:;, <i'id of' win."! ! Imv" no iloubt l he
ip^moers of this Hou^-e have read nonces in the
