1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
by that board of skilled officers, embracing engi-
neers and gentlemen of high authority in naval
matters, who had given it their undivided atten-
tion for more than two mouths? It is a subject
involving the examination of tides and currents
and soils and topography and dcfensibility, and
questions of that complicated character; a critical
examination of channels and of maps and of meas-
urements, and the investigation of a vast and
varied mass of facts. Do you feel yourselves
more competent to decide it here to-day than that
board, selected for theirspecial adaptation for that
purpose, and whose lives had been devoted to such
pursuits?
The gentleman from Pennsylvania comes in
here to-day, deliberately, with a confidence in him-
self which, to my mind, appears almost sublime,
and asks you upon his argument and interested
minority report, signed by himself and another
gentleman from Pennsylvania, a member of the
Committee on Naval Affairs—and it s^ems that
Pennsylvania mustalways have two members on
that committee, a double representation some-
where—he asks you, I repeat, to-day upon his re-
port and speecli to decide this great question that so
Benousiy concerns the whole future of the Navy,
and to decide it for him, and against the concur-
rent report of this board of officers and the Naval
Committee of the House. Now, Mr. Speaker,!
say that thp nature of this question is such it can-
not be decided and ought not to be decided here.
The attention of the Thirty-Seventh Congress
was called to it, and it provided for its decision,
itordered that board ofcommissioneis to examine
into the subject. It is parent to my mind, from
the construction of the act, that it otdercd them
to decide it, and that they did decide it, and that
it was die duty of the SecieUry of tin: Navy to
abide by that decision, and not to have appealed
from them to the Committee on Naval Atfaus,
and to this House.
_ Now, sir, as I have said before, four out of the
six, and it was an unusual number—six of a com-
mission to decidea mooted controversy—four out
of the six decided against League Island. My
friend from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawks,] who
honors me with his attention, knows that, in a
contested case in court that would be an exceed-
ingly curious board of arbitration which consisted
of six, with no one to give a casting vote, and of
these six to have three who lived near the resi-
dence of one of the parties, and had an indirect
interest in the decision, one of them having
given an opinion on the case beforehand. Still,
if that board, without any malfeasance or corrup-
tion, decided the case, tour to two, and against
the party to >vhom their bias mclmcd them, it
would, I think, be strong evidence of the justice
of that case. When the leport of that commis-
sion came before Congress, and the Secretary of
the Navy, m his annual leport, stated that lie
should accept League Island despite the action
of that commission, unless Congress should
otherwise order, it will be recollected that the
Seriate immediately, by resolution, did otherwise
order. He was instructed not to accept League
Island until Congress should direct hitn to do so.
In the report of the Secretary of the Navy,just
as in the report of the minority of the committee,
you hear it insinuated that the finding of this
commission was m favor of a navy-yard upon
<{ the old planm other words, a yaul for wooden
vessels, and not such a yard as the Secretary
wanted and as was necessitated by the involution
in naval architecture. To break The force of the
report of the board of officers, it is over and over
asserted in the Secretary's reports and by the
minority that the commission mistook their duties
and were led to find lor " an additional yard on
the old plan," and this stereotyped phraseology
is repeated and varied in. every form of expies-
sion and insinuation.
The short and decisive answer to this charge
is the resolution passed by the board themselves
before proceeding to their duties, ami by which
they themselves limited and defined them:
Resolved. That after giving full conndcution to thp
objects tor winch they were appointed, indicated by the
Jaw, and inviting instructions iiojn the Dep.nrinent, con-
sidering tile view-; of the Impairment an I'xpi.'-^ed in ihp
leUei-- of the tfecr<'U. \ ef the Nuvy of March and June
9.166*2, and the di-( u- .un^ by Hon. Mr. of the
United States- Senate, and other-, in Con^re-.;, rh<' want--
of the Navy and the eoumn.and the circumstances ot the
times connected with the progiess of naval wait.ue, the
committee aie of opinion that the,ir duty requires them to
I r* ,f
19
refer, m selecting a site for a navv-yard, to a first-class
establishment tor iron-clads and iron vessels, or to a site
for laying the foundation of an establishment meeting all
the requirements of an iron navy."
The gentleman who has just finished his speech
as the advocate of League Island, following the
path of the Secretary, has also repeated this charge
against the " majority of the Naval Committee,"
and alleges that they also mistooktheir duty,and
found for "an additional yard on the old plan;"
and this, notwithstanding he is htmself a mem-
ber of that committee, andhas foriive months sat
with them during their examination hearing wit-
nesses, listening to aiguments, gracing the com-
mittee by his presence and lightening theirlabors
by his eloquence, during ail which time they have
confined their investigations to the proper site for
an iron navy and an iron navy alone. And if
proof of this were needed, i have only to refer
the other seven gentlemen who compose that com-
mittee, now within the sound of my voice, to the
following language of their report:
"The committee cannot avoid the conclusion, therefore,
in answer to the first branch of the inquiry with which
they were charged, that the immediate establishment of a
new yatdj with special adaptation to the building and
stoiing of iron vessel*, lias become a national necessity."
And to the unanswerable fact that the very bill
reported by the committee, and now before the
House, contemplates the establishment of a yard
for an iron navy, and an iron navy alone.
Mr. Speaker, my time will not permit me tti go
further into the discussion of the history of that
subject. Early in this Congress the matter was
referred to the Naval Committee, consisting of
one gentleman from Massachusetts, one from Con-
necticut, two from Pennsylvania, and the others
from Missouri, Indiana, Ohio, New York, and
various parts of the country. That committee
personally visited these sites; and I affirm to-dayJ
that you cannot decide in reference to the propri-
ety or otherwise of the selection of one of these
sites without a personal examination of them.
The committee visited them. They heard all of
the proof and all the arguments. They started
prepossessed in favor of League island, from the
fact of its central position, and from the further
fact that it was favored by the Secretary of the
Navy, as well as from its vicinage to coal and
iron and the alleged advantage of fresh water.
Starting with that prepossession, they have finally
reported to this House that in thciropmion League
Island is entirely unadaptod to the purposes tor
which the Government seeks to establish a depot
for i ron-clads.
If the House will listen to me for a few moments
longer I will state what the committee found
League Island to be. League Island is in the Del-
awaie river, about four miles fiom the settled
part of the city of Philadelphia, and is between
three and four feet below the surface of the river
at ordinary high tide. That is the first fact that
struck the committee, as it struck the commission.
And it struck them forcibly.
An island it is called by courtesy; an island it
is entitled, out of abundant charity, in our report;
and I undertake to say that if a writ of ejectment
or trespass were brought against a wrongdoer
thereon either would be abated on plea if the com-
plainant described " the lociis in quo" as an island
unless it was added li covered with water." Now,
the surface of that island is from three to four feet
below the Delaware river at ordinary high tide,
and but for the embankments which surround it
it would bo flowed at each recurring tide—raVact
which js disputed by none.
Mr. KELLEY. As the gentleman says the
fact is not denied, will he permit an interruption?
Mr. 1JRANDEGEE. The gentleman knows
as well as I do that I have not one quarter of the
time I need to set the case before the House.
Mr. KELLEY. The fact is denied that the
island is fous feet below high water.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I will quote from the rec-
ord, making no statement of my own, and accept-
ing none from interested parties. I will read from
the recoid of a board of competent officeis ap-
pointed by, the Secretary of the jtfavy:
K< L'i.igue Island i-* a leelaimed marsh, surrounded by a
dry Mont wall and embankment of eaith raised to exclude
flie nver. A portion of the island was leehumed many
years since, and Is known as the eld meadow. We have,
no positive infoimation on this point, but piesinne that at
the time the wail aed embankment were built all the land
wotth reclaiming w;h enibr teed withm the meiofune. Sub-
sf-qu^ntlv, and alvmt < Mi!''1', \vi* ale in-
formed* the incisure was extended so as to embrace an
additional area, now known as the new tpeadovv. Accord-
ing to a plan which has bean submitted to the board by a
committee fiom the Board of Trade, this old meadow con-
tains two hundred and nineteen acres, and the new meadow
one hundred and fifty-five acres. On the north of the island,
and between it and the main, there is a channel jviii.eh«ive
are toid, was of sufficient depth in former days to,float
large ships-of-war; now it is a jiarrow and shallow dhan-
nei, not sufficient to float vessels of any size ulted by the
Navy. Large areas of marshes have formed on the east
and west ends and on the north side of the island, and the
whole appearance indicates a constant and rapid accumu-
lation fiom the immense deposits of the Delaware* river.
To raise tiie surfucp of this island to a height which woofd
render it safe from the incroachmentof high tides, will re-
quire a filling of from nine to ten feetoverthe whole area;
and if, as has been suggested, a line of whaif front'be car-
ried out to the twenty-three feet line, it will involve an ad-
ditional filling of a space onemilelong, and averaging four
hundred and eighty-one feet wide and nineteen feet deep.
If thi? cpacc i-; not filled, then the constant useof dredging
machines will be required to maintain a sufficient depth of
water to accommodate the vessels of the Navy. To furnish
the materials for this immense filling, which will amount
in the aggregates several millions of cubic yards,itis said
thar an abundant supply can be had from Red Sank, on the
opposite side of the river."
Two hundred and nineteen acres and one hun-
dred and fifty-five acres, according to the old arith-
metics, used to makethtee hundred and seventy-
four acres. Where, then, are the six hundred
acres the gentleman alludes to in his minority re-
port; and where are thft six hundred acres of
" munificent gift" which the Secretary of the
Navy urges upon Congress in his last report? It
is a mud fiat outside of the island, the recent ac-
cretions of the river—ooze, that ooze of which blind
old John Milton might have sung as of another
ooze just beyond the " burning marie" where \\aa
" Neither s>ea nor air nor good dry land,
But all the^e m their pregnant elements
Mixed confusedly,"
or that " Serbonian bog," where great armies
might have sunk. This ooze outside of the isl-
and jg added in the minority report to make out
the six hundred acres.
And in reference to the land which is inclosed,
we have already seen what the commission say.
The water adjacent to the front of the island is
but a few feet in depth; at low tide the bottom is
entirely exposed.
You have got to get, then, twenty-three feet of
water for your vessels to lie in, and to secure that
depth will require the additional filling in of a
space one mile long, four hundred and eighty-one
feet wide, and nineteen feet deep. If this space
is not filled in, the constant use of a dredging
machine will be required to maintain a sufficient
depth of water. The report goes on to say:
" The hoi high marie l y the iK);it d :-llo\v tlmt liters Is a depth
of mud and fine sand varying from twenty-five to fifty-six
feet m depth, under which is found gravel of good quality,
and m MiiTicie.it quantities to sustain piles, it is undoubt-
edly true that no heavy structure can be erected uit tins
island with any piobabihtv of safety without resorting to
the expensive operation of piling.
" The boaid is theiefore of opinion that, in ihi& paiticular,
New London is vastly superior to League Island."
I have taken the pains to get an engineer to
estimate the number of cubic yards in three hun-
dred and seventy-four acres, and it is 5,485,433;
and at a dollar per cubic yard, the least puce at
which the dirt could be purchased, transferred
across the river, rehand!ea,and spread upon the
island, it would take more than five million dol-
lars to fill up that island.
But the strongest fact by far is that upon an
examination by a scientific process of loiing, it
is ascertained by tfye commission—and it is con-
ceded by both branches of the board, majority
and minority—that the whole island, or so much
of it as is necessary for naval purposes, must be
filled to the average depth of thirty-seven feet.
The borings showed that the gravel bottom of
that island is in some places twenty-five feet be-
low the surface, and at otherplaces fifty-six feet,
an average of more than thirty-seven feet. Pro-
fessor Ruche, and the engineer of the Philadelphia
yard, and the entire commission, disagreeing in
other things, concur in this, that the island must
be filled to that average depth.
If you add to the expense of filling the ex-
pense of piling, you make an island which, instead
of being a gift to the Government,there is hardly
money enough in its Treasury to pay for. The
gentleman at the head of the Treasury Depart-
ment lm& not capacity in his presses to issue
greenbacks enough from day to day to pay for
the filling and piling, as the work progresses.
Millions arc required to prepare a foundation.
