w
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
These facts are conceded by the Secretary, by
Admiral Smith,chief of the Bureau of Yards anil
Docks, and by both branches of the commission.
'My friend [Mr. KjsllbtJ breaks, or attempts
to break the force of this argument by asserting in
his minority report that " a more accurate ex-
amination, such as a really scientific commission
Wou],d have made," has demonstrated that the
report-ef tlie original commission was inaccurate,
and that the island can be used for Government
purposes without being piled".
I.qgjc'ihc atttmtioo of the House, of the gentle-
men who have examined these reports, and of
those gentlemen who have interest enough left in
the American N$vy and in American navy-yards
to deeitle this c^u.estion right instead of wrong;,
with their eyes open instead of blindly; 1 a sic
them to consider the testimony by which the gen-
tlemen of the minority of the committee attempt
to break the force of the report of this scientific \
board of officers who examined the question. j
Who is the witness? Who was the person do- ]
tailed to make this "accurate examination such j
as a. truly scientific commission should have |
made?" One George Davidson; and pet hups" not !
to know him argues one's self unknown." And j
who is Mr. George Davidson, detailed by the Su-
perintendent of the Coast Survey, whose own ;
course has been criticised in the Senate pretty
sharply, and in the press of the country, for
acting on a board in a matter wherein he had al-
ready given an opinion irvadvance? This Super-
intendent detailed one George Davidson, of Phil-
adelphia, to examine League Island and repoit
his conclusions*, and what ate ihry ? The con-
clusions of Mr. George Davidson as to the scien-
tific results of his observations me precisely iden-
tical wuli those of the original commission, lie
finds that the alluvial soil attains u certain depth.
So did the commission. He finds that then comes
a stratum of fine f?and. So did the commission.
He finds that attho depth of thirty-seven fee!, on
an average, there comes gravel. So did the com-
mission.
The difference between the commission and
the witness is this, and solely this: he gives it
as hi« opinion that the heavy work necessary for
the Government may be placed upon the fine
sand, professor Buelie,ihe i-ngincerof V.jidsand
Dock*, the admiral of tin- buieau in ch.nge'of
Yards and Docks, give it as then opinion ih:«t it
would not be safe to put them on the sand, but
that they must go down to thograv<l. That is
the only difference between them, and it is a dif-
ference of some thirty to fifty feet and of some
millions of dollars. And this strictly scientific
commission, consisting of one gentleman by the
name of Davidson, of Germantown, a ward of
* Philadelphia, and who gives an opinion which,
he says, '* in my mind amounts to a conviction
goes for putting the workshops and forges upon
the surface of the ouze, while Professor B:\che
and the engineer who is to build the yaid,and
the other gentlemen composing the commission,
not so strictly scientific, think it unsafe to erect
such structures without reaching a solid founda-
tion. That is all; but suppose Congress, having
rested the fate of our great .Navy on the opinion
of one George Davidson, (contradicted by all the
other experts,) which, in iiis mind/* amounts to
a conviction," should one day, after expending
millions, find the^e foundations settling, should
find your heavy mills and forges, workshops and
trip-hammers, all crumbling into one mass of un-
distinguishable and irredeemable ruin, would it
be any satisfaction to know that still, in the mind
ofMr. George Davidson, that opinion amounted
to a conviction? That is the result of the attempt
to break the force of the scientific commission by
introducing the testimony of Mr. Davidson.
L do not know but that t ought in fairness to
add here that the minority of the committee has
brought up another witness to support this view.
He is a gentleman named Lewis Taws—of Phil-
adelphia, of course. His testimony is so peculiar
that i think the House should have the benefit of
it. He says:
"Philadelphia, Match 29, 1864.
"Dea.k.Sir: Your letter of the 28th reached me at my
house iu Gennantown too late for an answer try return mail,
f hope I may still be in time, if my opinion can be of any
use iu establishing the fact that League Island is a proper
oiace to locate a navy-yaid for the general purposes ot our
Government,"
He received the letter to which he refers on the
28th, and he hopes that in the morning of the 29th
he may be still in time to secure to Philadelphia
this inestimable boon of the gieat naval site of the
country. This is one of a class of witnesses that
my friend [Mr. Dawes] would hardly charac-
terize as a slow witness. He goes on to say:
" Tn visiting the place for the first time with any view to
an examination, I have no hesitation in saying"—
Of course such a witness would have no hesi-
tation—
" fronivmy experience in the location of our present estab-
lishment at Port Richmond that no difficulty will be found
for the pioper foundations for maehineiy or buildings at |
League Island."
This witness, who has an establishment at Port
Richmond, ten miles off, asseverates here that,
from his c-xpeiience at Port Richmond, he has
no hesitation m saying that the Government can
safely put works at League Island, ten miles off.
He goes on to add what the character of those
woiks arc, and closes with a foot note, which,
like the postscript of a lady's letter, is the most
'important part of his testimony:
" I should have said that my buildings for boiler and smith
shops $tam! ou gravel joundation, running from five to ten
feet towaid the rivci."
So this witness, the question being whether you
may safely put the Government buildings on sand
instead of gravel, gives bis testimony that they
may be safely put upon sand, because his works,
ten miles off, arc put upon gravel. And well
might the honorable gentleman, having a dim
suspicion that the testimony was liable to excep-
tion, mteipolate a picture of a steam anvil as a
place lor the mind to pause upon, before it arrives
at the consideration of the next branch of the
subject.
Now, while I am here upon that picture, I
might us well say this, because the Secreiary of
the Navy in his annua! reponhas alluded to that
very picture. J do not kn<>w whether or not he
made the reference by way of advertisement of
theattist. If he did,in my opinion the picture
is as valuable as the advei usenierir. ButtheSec-
letary hay alluded to the fact that League Island
is the best place for a naval station because " per-
cussive machine! y" can be put with better ad-
vantage upon sand than upon ground or stone.
Now what is " peicussive machinery r" A ti ip-
hummer. How much space does that taker We
have the scale upon the picture, and 1 have taken
the trouble to measure that scale. It takes pre-
cisely fifteen feet. So that in order to have an
elastic bedding of fifteen feet for a trip-hammer,
you must take six hundred acres ofooze and mud
and fill it in. And to do that you must throw
away the best place upon this continent for a
naval station, in order that your elastic machinery,
as is alleged, may in fifteen feet of digging no-
whore find rock. When I come to that pint ofthe
subject I shall show conclusively that the soil at
New London is free from lock, consists of loam
and gravel, and is remarkably adapted for ail the
uses of a yard. So much for the topography of
League Island.
And now 1 undertake to say that that is the
least objection to it. I undertake to say that the
obstructions from ice m the Delaware river, the
difficulty from the inadequate depth ofthe water
in that river, its distance from the sea, each of
them is a still stt onger objection to it than the one
just disposed of. The great argument that is
urged is that it is a place of secuuty for your ves-
sels. Soare the Alleghany mountains a place of
security. But it would not be the part of wis-
dom in the House or in the Department to make
a station for iron-elads there. And I can show
that it would be almost as impossible for iron-
clad vessels to get to sea in times of emergency
from League Island as from the Alleghany mount-
ains. The obstruction from ice at this point m
the Delaware river is so formidable as to be in-
superable. And the testimony comes from such a
variety of eourccs, from witnesses so credible,
so numerous, and so scattered, and from times
when it was nobody's interest to manufacture
testimony, that no man can discredit it. And the
honorable g  nffcman has not undertaken even to
meet it, except by saying that the force of that
objection has been gicatly exaggerated, not at-
tempting at all to deny the fact.
The torce of this difficulty can hardly be ex-
aggerated; it is very strongly urged by the Sec-
retary of the Navy himself. I refer to the ob-
struction from inc. It is strongly minted by the
commission that orignm'ly examined it. There
was presented to the committee, while thev were
examining this question, a !i?t, and a long list, of
vessels, taken fiom the records of the port ward-
en's office in Philadelphia, that within the past
few years had been entirely destroyed by the ice.
We found, from an examination of the records
of the Corn Exchange, in Philadelphia, that the
arrivals at the port of Philadelphia for the winter
months were, upon an average, five hundred and
two per month, while, for the summer months,
they averaged thirty-five hundred per month—a
rate of increase, I think, for the summer over the
winter months of about six hundred percent. I
may not be precisely accurate in that statement,
but gentlemen can turn to it in therepoit. What-
ever the precise figures may be, theie was an im-
mense diminution of the coastwise and foreign
arrivals at that port in the winter months as com-
pared with the arrivals in the summer months,
showing how the commerce of the country re-
garded that obstruction..
Senator Riddle—I do not know whether it
is parliamentary to name a distinguished Senator
fiom Delaware in the other Chamber—testified be-
fore the committee as a witness who had no bias
outside of Delaware, certainly, that he himself
had known the Delaware liver to be frozen solid
at League Island, and had driven across it him-
self in his sleigh. And he also stated what ought
to be known to this House, and perhaps prac-
ticed as an example by some, that if he himself
were a member of the Pennsylvania delegation
he could not in conscience vote for this scheme—
he himself being a distinguished engineer. Ad-
miral Gregory laid testimony before the commit-
tee that he himself nearly lost the Raiitan there
a few years ago, from ice; and while the gentle-
man [Mr. Kelley] was denying the difficulty
from ice, and while (, in a humble way, though
as ably as 1 could, was asserting jt, while we
were discussing this precise question in commit-
tee, the Government gunboat Galena, in attempt-
n.g to go to sea, solved tl*e question by being
herself cut through by ice, and being compelled
to be towed, almost m a sinking condition, to
Foitress Monroe. The difficulty in this respect
was so sinking tTutt the great coal-carrymglines
of Pennsylvania felt compelled a few yeais ago
to alter the location of then* coal depots, and pass-
ing by League Island went down the liver forty
miles, 1 think, in th#  neighborhood, at any rate,
of Chester or New Castle, and gave as a reason,
in their published statement to their stockholders,
that it was for the purpose of avoiding the delay,
danger, and difficulty from ice. And theie was
laid before the committee the testimony of a civil
cngineerin the interest ofthe Pennsylvania Rail-
road Company, who had been ernployedbythem
to investigate this piecise site to sec whether it
was adapted for their purposes. He says:
" You will pciceive that the face of League [>land is sub-
jected to the lull foice of the flood tide fiom the kmu i eueh
m the river, extending southwe^twaidly. the effect ol winch
has been, as represented by the statements of those mo^t
familiar with our aver, and Us winds, currents, and bars,
to pile up the drifting ice upon the entire island shore-line ;
arid, indeed"—
he adds, (and the gentleman cannot discredit the
testimony of a Pennsylvania witness,an engineer
at that,)—
" 1 have before me evidence to the effect that in all times
of ob=ti action by ice vessels can be hi ought with much less
difficulty tbiough the Horseshoe channel than to League
Island. It may be stated that an ice guard could ik: con-
stiacted that would relieve the tront fiom the driving ice of
the flood tide, but the effoct of such bieakwatei would be
to cause deposits within thesiutaee affected, thu-s subject-
ing you to a continued and heavy expenditure foi dietigmg."
And upon that report the company abandoned
the project.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I ask this House whether
such a site, in such a river, as I hope I shall
have an opportunity to show the House by and
by, in the further progress of this debate, is a place
for a gicat naval station? It is well known that
at a naval station vessels are constantly going into
and out of commission. They come from abroad,
and must have a bioad front to lie in while await-
ing orders oi tepairs. They must he m the stream,
and the stream is the channel, because there is not
sufKcientdepth of water outofthe channel. There
they must lie, anchored in the channel, subject to
the obstruction of fast ice, and danger from float-
ing ice, at anchor, to be cut through by a down-
