1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GI,OBE.
21
ward tide running at the rate of four miles an hour,
and an upward tide running back at the rate of
three miles an hour.
Gentlemen will remember that the length of
the river is such that the ice passes down with
one tide to be returned by another, because the
length of the river is such that it dot-s not go to
tin* sea; and the expeiierice of the commerce of
the world is that, in that river, the ice goes down
with one tide and is brought back by another,
and so goes dashing everything in its path. I ask
you, gentlemen,whether this is the place for your
great naval station.
There is a difficulty as insuperable as this in the
depth of the river. We had this matter before us.
We examined it very minutely by the charts fur-
nished by the Coast Survey department; and it is
not denied, it will not be denied upon this floor,
that ?U a point in the Delaware river, immediately
below League Island, there is a depth of but eigh-
teen feet of water; that at mean low tide you
have in the Delaware river, at that point, but
* eighteen feet of water, but nine teen feet at Wil-
mington, nineteen and a half at New Castle, and
varying at points down the river at some four or
five bars of that description. Now, is tins the
place for a great naval station ?
Mr. Speaker, we are to-day upon the very
threshold of naval architecture. The revolu-
tion effected within the last ten years by the in-
troduction of steam ceased to be wonderful, viewed
m the light of that revolution that was effected by
the introduction of iron for the mailing and arma-
ture of vessels. Who can cast the horoscope
of the future, and doubt that within a few years
naval architecture and naval warfare will disclose
now problems which aie now hidden to the eye
of man? And who shall doubt that within this
decade vessels will be built drawing twenty-five
and thirty feet of water, just as now in England
and France there a 'o built large sea-going cruis-
ers drawing twenty-five and twenty-seven feet of
water? DonaldiMcKay,a name foremostamong
the shipbuilders ofour time, informed the commit-
tee that England and France were already deepen-
ing their docks for the reception of vessels drawing
thirty feet and over. And the testimony of one
of the most eminent of our naval constructors (Mr.
Delano) was positive " that it was indispensable
to afirst-class naval station to haveatleasttwenty-
five feet of water at low fide"—seven feet more
than the Delaware.
Yet my friend, who makes light of this objec-
tion, says that you can place the great naval sta-
tion of the country fur all time at a point where
•"there is a depth of only eighteen feet of water,
because we shall not build any of these "mon-
sters" of the ocean. Who has told him that?
How can he know it? We have built nineteen
monsters already that draw over twenty feet of
water. They are upon the catalogue of the Navy
to-day. And nineteen of the mostefficientstcam-
ers of the Navy draw from twenty to twenty-
three feet of water. 1 have not time to give their
names—they are spread out in the report of the
majority of the committee. There is not one of
them, sir, that can go to League Island or return
without \yaiting for the rise of the tide. They
could not pass the bdis without waiting for the
five feet lise by the tide. They can neithergctto
or from League Island except at high tide.
Mr. Speaker, shall we put the naval yard, the
greatness of which has been so eloquently alluded
to by the gentleman from Pennsylvania* and by
which we are to wrest the trident of the seas from
Neptune—shall we put itat a place where vessels
drawing over eighteen feet of water cannot go to
sea except by waiting for the rise of the tide?
It is claimed by the gentleman m his report
that the Wabash went to sea fiom the Philadel-
phia navy-yard, and that she draws twenty-three
fuet of water. Soshedid. I have the statement
of her captain that it took fifty hours to get her
to the breakwater from the yard at Philadelphia
on account of being compelled to wait at every
bar until the rise of the tide enabled her to pass.
Even then, sir, she dragged the bottom all of the
time. The Wabash was then going to Port Royal
to join in the attack which elevated the name of
Du Pont to the roll ofour naval heroes, and that
great commando* had to wait for this finest vessel
of his fleet, as she was fifty hou rs in getting fiom j
Philadelphia to the mouth of the river. ' |
I have, in a work called "Armored Vessels/' i
published by order of Congress and with the ap-
proval of the Secretary of the Navy, a statement
in reference to the New Ironsides, one of the most
formidable mailed vessels in the Navy. She was
built at the Philadelphia navy-yard, and was four
days getting to the mouth of the river. That fact
appears at large upon page 31 of the book I have
indicated. The Sangamon, the Patapsco, and the
Lehigh, three iron-clads, went to sea from Phila-
delphia,'under tow of steamers, and were two
days in getting to the capes. Yet this is the place
for the repair and safe-keeping of the iron-clads
which are to be the protection of our haibors and
cities against foreign attack! It is admitted that
this is the only service to which they can be ap-
plied, because wc know at last, after much popu-
lar misapprehension, there is not one of them that
has efficiency as an ocean steamer. So far they
are simply floating batteries, to bo put before cities
on the coast and for harbor defense. These iron-
clads, according to the gentleman and the Secre-
tary of the Navy, ought to be placed one hun-
dred miles from the ocean for security.
From a point so remote from the scene of their
operations they could not get into the presence of
a hostile fleet upon the coast sooner than four
days through a channel which he admitted to be
tortuous, (and I thank him for the, admission,)
with a tide running down freighted with obstruc-
tions. This type of vessels have but feeble motive
power of their own, averaging a speed of only
five miles an hour, scarcely enough to stem the
tide of the Delaware, some having made seven
and seven and a half, but mainly on trial trips.
These vessels are unwieldy and unmanageable,
they mind then* rudder with the least fidelity, they
have less deck room, and of all types of vessel
require plain sailing, open sea rooin, and favora-
ble conditions for either service or for safety.
Such, sir, is the class of vessel which it is pro-
posed to put up this tortuous stream, one hundred
miles from the ocean, their object being to pro-
tect New York, the harbors of the Atlantic, and
our seaboard cities at a moment of danger from
hostile attack; and the excuse is that these invul-
nerable vessels must be put in a place of absolute
security.
Let me read from the icport of Captain Turner,
of the New Ironsides, page 76. lie says:
"You will, how ew: j, have ob«cived how corrrct my rep-
resentation was, that litis ship could not be depended upon
in a ude-way, and how unmanngoable : he become, ci'nn-
pdhng the pilot to oider the andiot lo be let <;o twice m
oidei to avoid yiuundnig, which would have involved the
lo- & of tllO slup\"
Captain Drayton, of the iron-clad Passaic, re-
ports, page 33, as follows:
" Owinir to the peculiai form of the vessel aft, the rudder
ha  no powet except through the water fhi own on it by die
piopdier, and then on )j when it agoing at full speed ; when
the engine in stowed down all mean* ot direction suem to
cease This might beeome seiious m a rutiruvv channel, or
one w itii sharp turns."
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's hour has
cxpued.
Mr. O'NEILL, of Pennsylvania, obtained the
floor. ,
E&r. BRANDEGEE. I wish the Hou.se would
let me conclude now what I have to say. 1 have
not troubled the I3ouse since I have been a mem-
ber of it, nor shall 1 trouble them often, and 1
am ehaiged by tiie committee with the duty of
laying the whole subject before the House. J
think it is due to me that I shall be allowed to pro-
ceed. As I have charge of the bill I will give
ample opportunity for debate before demanding
the previous question.
There was no objection, and Mr. Brandegee
was allowed to proceed.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. These are some of the
objections which occurred to the committee and
induced them to reverse their first impressions in
favor of the site on the Delaware. They seemed
to the committee to be not only formidable but
insuperable. It seemed to us that the soil at that
place was of such a character as to afford a strong
reason, if there was no other site suggested, why
Congress should not listen for a moment to the
argument in favorofadnpung that locality. There
was such an ariay of testimony befoie the com-
mittee m i efejeiice to the obstruction fi om ice, ;
and this difficulty was of so alarming a chaiacter !
and !--o undoubted in it1* exi-st-mee, that the com-
niiltee coiisuder. d ihe objection uiMiiMountahie. J
And the nature of ihat stream is such that tmy i
excavations which are made are filled up hrrtthe*
diately. It is shown in the report of Professor*
Bache, in reference to the survey of that "etreaftV
that the channel has shifted more than twomileg,
opposite New Castle, during the last terf jfeahl.'
The fact that tins place was so remote ffoiri the''
point of anticipated attack in time of war, and thfe'
fact that the peculiar construction of every vessel*
for which the yard was designed tfas sUClt tfiaLf1
they could not easily be got to the ocean or to the'
yard; the fact that all iron vessels*must be towfcd
to and from sea at an expense, as was represented
from the highest authority, of $1,000 tlie round1
trip, amounting to a very large ann'u&l exj^etfd-
iture; these' and other considerations, both'of eco-
nomical and natural* disadvantages, forced- the
committee to the conclusion that this site was
totally inadmissible.
Mr. Speaker, the committee, after having ex-
amined other places, and after having made a per-
sonal examination, directed their attention to the
site proposed at New London. I shall not go
into a lengthy or elaborate statement of the ad-
vantages that obtain at that place. I believe it is
well known to every member of this House that
its advantages as a harbor are admitted and un-
rivaled. It must be in the recollection of mahy
here that in their school-boy geographies it was
laid down as one of the elements almost that New
London harbor was one of the best in the world.
However that may be, it Was in proof before
the committee that from the earliest period the
attention of the Govern mcntand the naval author-
ities had been dircc.ted to that harbor, its advant-
ages, its capacity, and its, great depth of water
from the.ocean, that depth being twenty-seven feet
at the shallowest point, and that at only one place,
all other depths being over thirty feet. Thegreat
practical advantage of vicinity to the ocean, and
yet sufficiently removed therefrom as to be easily
defensible against hostile attack; its contiguity to
the great labor system of New England ond the
timber adapted for ship-building, said to he the
best in the country; these considerations, when
examined, strongly challenged the attention of the
committee, as they had for years the best naval
minds of the country.
I have heard the gentleman fiom Pennsylvania
almost exhaust ihe statistics of the census reports
in showing the immense amount of capital and
skill invested in Philadelphia and Pennsylvania
in the arts of labor. I do not propose to deny
his asseition at all. It is not a part of my policy
to deny any advantages which obtain as to that
site. No doubt theie is moie skilled labor in
Philadelphia than in the whole State of Connec-
ticut. I rejoice at her prosperity; it is a pride to
me as wolf as to him, But the question is, and is
alone, can there be enough labor concentrated at
New London to supply the wants of this estab-
lishment? And who believes that in immediate
contiguity to the workshops of New England,
hive of busy brains and busy arms, there would
be any dearth of labor where capital sought its
employment? The board of scientific men met
that question, and they concluded that there can
be no duubt butthatan adequate amount of labor
for the purposes of the Government can bo ob-
tained at that point, which taps every manufac-
turing village of New England.
I come now to the consideration of two points,
and with the consideration of those two I shall
close what I have to say at this time, which have
been urged against New London. Those are the
absence of fresh water, and the alleged indefensi-
bility of that point against hostile attack. As the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelle*]
compliments me with his attention,! hope he will
answer me in the argument which 1 make upon
these points, if he can. In regard to the first
point, I undertake to say that the necessity and
advantage of fresh water have been great iy exag-
gerated by the friends of the site in the Delaware
river. But little is yet known in this country on
the subject of the relative action of fresh and salt
water upon iron bottoms. Weaiein the infancy
ofaniron navy. We have justcommenced build-
ing such vessels. We have been so much in the
sphere of action, the necessities of our position
have driven us so much to practice constant in-
exorable action that we have not had time to
exrtci iment much upon such matteiaor to find
time to theorize. Englanci has been for a century
speculating and experimenting upon this precise
