22;
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
subject, and what is the result? I admit all the
science the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Kellet] possesses, and he has brought into his
report much more, culled from the report of Brit-
ish associations, and it runs through ten or fifteen
pages of his report. But what is the result to
which they have arrived? That the prejudicial
action of clear sea water upon iron bottoms for
one hundred years is the two hundred and fifteen
thousandth part of an inch. The prejudicial
actionof fresh water is twofold, first from oxida-
tion, and secondly from the attachment of crus-
tacea and other marine attachments to the iron
bottom. If I state aright, the result of the tables
is nearly inappreciable; but whether it be so or
not, I shall undertake to show upon the highest
authority that it does not affect iron bottoms in
New London harbor. The prejudicial effect of
marine attachment is very serious—not less so
than the gentleman has stated—to the motive
■ ' power and efficiency of a vessel.
In «>ne hundred years, then, according to the
experiments of England, which are the best lights
we can have, the rusting of an iron bottom is the
two hundred and fifteen thousandth part of an
inch. If my friend's lease of life were as long as
that, or if the deterioration of the human system
were as slow as that, itseems to me, Mr. Speaker,
that there would not be much use for life insurance
offices. In one hundred years it is the two hun-
dred and fifteen thousandth part of an inch. If
our iron-clad navy lasts as long as that in clear
salt water, the scale upon the surface will hardly
pay for the one hundred miles of navigation up
the Delaware.
Now there is an injury, and a very serious
one, growing out of the attachment of marine
plants and of marine animals. In southern seas
they attach with a marvelous rapidity, and to a
degree almost beyond belief; and they destroy
or seriously impair the efficiency of an iron or of
an iron-plutcd steamer. They do not, however,
attach in any great degree to wooden hulls. There
isno doubtthat these barnacles, these algiE, these
sea-worms, these eruslacea, of whatever species
or genera, do lose their life in fresh water, and
that the marine plant loses its life in fresh water.
1 assert, however, without fear of contradiction,
that a condition of things does exist, from what-
ever cause, speculate on itas you please, summon
up philosophy as you may, in the waters of New
London, which destroys these crustacea, be they
animal or vegetable.
If gentlemen have done me the honor to read
the report of the Naval Committee they will have
seen that the river Thames, on which "the city is
located, is a fresh-water stream—a very short one,
to be sure—straight, and very deep, and that it
' is fresh to a point opposite the proposed site of
the yard. There it meets the waters of New
London harbor, and a brackish state of the water
obtains. In that precise water, upon testimony
which cannot be disciedited, upon the testimony
of Benjamin Silliman—a name known in this
House and to the country; 1 might add, known
where the English language is known—whohim-
self examined the very site, crustacea do not ex-
ist. They are destroyed when broughtinto con-
tact with those waters. The testimony of that
eminent geologist and savant of this country is con-
firmed by the united testimony of every shipmas-
ter m New London.
Some of them are known to gentlemen on the
othei side and some of them to gentlemen 011 this
side—such men as Wiliiamsand Havens,Barnes
and Williams, Prink and Prentis, and others,
whose business it has been to chase the leviathan
of the seas around the Arctic circle. They have
established this very fact, that the barnacles, the
sea-worms, the crustacea, do not exist, and can-
not live in the waters of New London harbor.
Theship-timber men, the pile-drivers, the owners
of wharves, all unite in testifying to that fact.'
The gentleman [Mr. Ivelley] has attempted to
discredit the fact without producing a particle of
evidence, but on a visionary theory of his own,
that the Atlantic ocean pours its resistless tide
into the Thames ri er, and drives the fresh water
backup the river. The theory is ingenious enough
if it were not met by the fact that Long Island and
Fisher's Island lie across the harbor, and that
those sounding waves of the Atlantic, of which
the gentleman speak? in still more sounding
phrase, are dashed upon " old Long Island's sea-
girt shore, and wash the beach at Rockaway"
instead of into the harbor of New London.
The truth is, and the fact is testified to so that
the committee did not for a moment doubt it, that
this objection does not obtain in our waters; and
further proof of it is that the whaling vessels that
come from the Arctic circlc and lie at our docks
lose within two days their barnacles and the crus-
tacea which attach to them.
Mr. L. MYERS. With the permission of my
friend, I would like to ask him whether the ves-
sels he speaks of were iron-clad?
Mr. BRANDEGEE. My friend, I hope, feels
a glow of satisfaction in learning that they were
not. One thing more has been urged against New
London, its want of defensibility. If the House
shall be patient while I address myself to that
branch of the subject, I will then relieve it from
the further sound of my voice.
It is urged that the site in the Delaware river
is thoroughly defensible. Perhaps it is, and per-
haps it is not. But the shortest path to League
Island, by an enemy, is not by the Delaware,
though it may be the only path for us. It is not
beyond the recollection of those who remember
the history of our revolutionary war, that the en-
emy passed into Chesapeake bay, landing at Elk-
ton, and flanked Philadelphia and took it, and
held it for five months. I might here say, with
reference to the obstructions which are relied
upon as the chief defenses of the Delaware river,
that what is good for defense is good for offense.
And if the Delaware river can be obstructed at a
certain point to prevent the entrance of an ene-
my's fleet, can anybody give me any reason why
the enemy cannot obstruct the entrance at the
mouth of the bay by chains, torpedoes, or other
obstructions, and seal up your entire Navy, while
they blockade the mouth as tight as in a bottle?
How would you get to sea, with the enemy
blockading the mouth of .such a river as that,
and with obstructions to aid the blockade?
It is said, indeed it is rather sung than said,
(the Secretary having set the pitch and the whole
choir having caught up the refrain,) that New
London is indefensible in this, that an enemy's
fleet with modern ordnance can lay off a short
distance from the mouth of the harbor and shell
out the navy-yard if it be established there. The
committee have found, and the fact is so, and
military gentlemen who were with the commit-
tee upon the investigation of that site will attest
the fact, that the navy-yard site lies about three
and seven eighth miles from the mouth of the
river. Beyond the mouth are numerous islands
and headlands admirably fitted for earthwork bat-
teries. An enemy, then, to lay within shelling
distance of the navy-yard, must lay within short
range of the plunging fire of the batteries upon
these islands and headlands. In other words, to
obtain aiange of four miles, and do execution, he
must himself lay within a bundled yards, or a
hundred feet, it may be, of the batteries at the
mouth of the harbor.
As to what the judgment of science and of prac-
tical minds is upon that subject, I will not follow
the gentleman's exampli and introduce myselSas
a witness, but that of a board, the competency of
whose testimony cannot be questioned for an in-
stant. It is in this report on armored vessels,
which contains a great deal of information, and 1
commend it to the consideration of my friends
upon the other side. In the report of the board
called togetliei by the Secietaiy of the Navy for
the purpose of investigating the very question we
are now considering, whether an armored fleet
can be kept off byloeal immovable batteries, tins
opinion is given on page 3:
" Wo do not hesitate to express our opinion, notwith-
standing all that we have hoard or seen written on the sub-
ject, that 110 ship or floating battery, however heavily she
may he plau-d, can eopt: successfully with a propeity con-
sidered fbitiliention. The one is fixer! and immovable,
and though coristiucted of a tnateual which may he shat-
tered by shot, can be covered, it need be, by a much heav-
ier ai inor than the floating vessel can bear, while the other
is subjected to the disturbance of wind and waves, and the
powerful effect of tide and current."
'The problem proposed by the gentleman is, that
a fleet can come from England or the Continent,
weighed down by its weight of armor, cross the
ocean thus weighed down, and then lay within a
few hundred yards'range of batteries at the mouth
of a river, and shell out the naval establishment
of the country four miles above without danger to
itself. That problem would seem to be solved by
the opinion just cited, if it had not been before de-
cided by common sense. Added to this would be
the presence of your own invulnerable iron-clad
Navy, present for its protection with all the mod-
ern paraphernalia of torpedoes, rams, and engines
of destruction created by the genius of our coun-
trymen, stimulated to its wonderful advancement
in all the arts of offense and defense.
The testimony the gentleman has cited for his
assertion of the indefensibility of New London,
and the only testimony, is that Colonel Ould re-
cently, in a conversation with one of our officers
in relation to the exchange of prisoners, asserted
that Charleston was untenable from the fire of our
batteries there. I must confess that it was with
surprise bordering on astonishment that I heard
that gentleman, above all others, cite on so im-
portant a point as this the testimony of rebels in
arms against the Government of the United States.
I well recollect at the last session with what won-
derful indignation he pounced upon his friend and
colleague from the same State [Mr. Miller] be- ,
cause that colleague had made a charge upon him
and had fortified it by the statement of one Robert
Tyler, I think, whom my friend from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Kelley] denouncedasarebel in arms
against the Government, and as unworthy of
being cited as witness before this loyal House.
And yet the only testimony he offers to the fact
he asserts is the testimony of this rebel colonel,
and to a fact that is contradicted by the knowl-
edge of every man on this floor, because Charles-
ton is still tenable against the fire of our naval
batteries that have been operating against it now
for more than a year and a day—the lifetime al-
lowed by the laws.
And the truth is, right here, Mr. Speaker, that
the effective range of modern ordnance is at such an
elevation—I ask my friend opposite to take notice
—as that it cannotapply to naval vessels. To pro-
pel a shot to do execution at a range of four or five
miles you must elevate your ordnance to thirty or
forty degrees. You cannot do that on board of
an iron-clad vessel. The very moment that a port-
hole is constructed for that purpose, or the hull of a
vessel is constructed for that purpose, you have
lost her efficiency as an iron-clad; and it is a fact
known to every man on this floor that, from first
to last, no iron-clad in our country, 110 iron-clad
in Charleston harbor has attempted to throw a
shot at that range toward the city of Charles-
ton, for, the reason that on board a vessel they
could not elevate their guns at such a degree as
to make their range effective. With batteries at
the mouth of our harbor we could keep at sea .
four or five miles from shore an enemy's fleet by
the very range spoken of.
Now, on this question of defensibility (and
with'this I shall close) I am willing to leave the
case with the testimony of experts. My friend
alleges that New London is notonly undefended,
but indefensible. Thatis his opinion. His opin-
ion is entitled, I have no doubt, to great weight.
I know that he has had some military experience.
I recollect very well that the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Cox] read here one of the most amusing
pieces of military autobiography that I ever heard
before a public body, wherein was givcif the mili-
tary experience of my friend on that night, I be-
lieve either before or after the battle of Gettysburg,
(my friend can correct me if I am wrong,) when
my.military critic lay, in his own language, upon
his back, "gazing at the misty, mazy mysteries
of the Milky Way." [Laughter.] When, there-
fore, my friend, relying upon that military expe-
rience, sets it up against the judgment of the
authorities that are alluded to in the report of the
majority of the committee, I must defer to him
personally; but I must still claim that, before
this House, the judgment of such authorities as
we have cited is better than even his judgment.
And, sir, this question of defensibility is one that
these lawyers here cannot determine. It is a ques-
tion that the farmers here cannot determine. It is a
question that the debaters here cannot determine.
It is intrinsically a question of naval and military
science and engineering, and a very uncertain one
at the best. What say the military critics upon
this question? General Cullen, chief of engineers
of the army of the Potomac, who examined the
subject with reference to this very question, gave
the committee his opinion that no harbor in the
United States was more easily defended. Major
