1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
23
General George 13. McClellan,who,whatever may-
be said of his capactiy to lead an army in the
field, history will certainly, with one accord, pro-
claim as the ablest or one of the ablest engineer-
ing officers and military scholars that this country
has ever produced—he himself examined this
harbor, with precise reference to this very ques-
tion, with a knowledge of improved ordnance and
[he revolution in naval architecture, and gave it
as his opinion that it was a very eligible place for
a naval station.
General Dix, within whose military depart-
ment the place is, has also made an examination
of it with reference to that question. Admiral
Stringham also made a similar examination.
Commodore Van Brunt, who afterward com-
manded the Minnesota in that gallant fight that
she made for two days against that unseemly
monster of the ocean, the first Merrimac, the first
iron-clad of which we had knowledge—that mon-
ster of whom my classical friend might perhaps
truly say,in the language of the poet, " monslram
horrtndum, wforme, ingens, cui lumen adempium
that shapeless beast upon the waves, wallowing
its way to the all but certain destruction of our
Navy—he who fought her for two days in his
wooden walls, has also given it as his opinion
that this is a most eligible site for a naval station,
and easily defended. And Such was the judgment
of Admiral Foote, of Commodore Ringgold, of
Admiral Paulding, and that sound, sensible com-
mander in the Navy to-day, who has charge of the
entire iron-clad department of this counti y at the
Brooklyn navy-yard, Admiral Gregory. So that,
on the question of defensibihty, I must wait until
I see better authorities arrayed against such i\ mul-
titude of witnesses as these, whose reputation is
not inferior to that of any others in this or any
other lands.
Mr. Speaker, this place is offered to the Gov-
ernment. I heard something fall from my friend,
which I was sorry to hear, about land speculation.
My friend generally speaks pretty clearly, and I
think I have not misunderstood him. My friend
has intimated that there is a land speculation at
New London. He intimates on this floor that
which he did not intimate in committee, and which
was proved before him,in the committee, to be a
gross slander upon the constituents whom I rep-
resent. It may notbepailiamentary,butit is true,
nevertheless; and I do not propose to abate any-
thing of the declaration.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman yield to
me a moment?
Mr. BRANDEGEE. Certainly.
Mr. KELLEY. it was argued, if it be proper
to mention the matter, very elaborately before
the committee that the establishment of an insti-
tution which would require more labor than there
were people in the town must lead to inordinate
speculation in land. You cannot, sir, double the
population of a village without creating specula-
tion in town lots, it is not possible to do so.
The SPEAKER, it is not in order to discuss
what has occurred in committee.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. So } understand; and
that sin is not upon my skirts.
Mr. Speaker, there is a fish which, I believe, is
called the cuttle-fish—I am not now able to give
the name by which itis known in natural history—
and which, after it makes an attack and is pursued,
surrounds itself with an inky cioud, and so at-
tempts to escape from the assault which itself has
provoked, i make, of course, no application of
this fact of natural history to anything which has
occurred within the last five minutes. But, sir,
when a gentleman on this floor in a speech alludes
to land speculation in connection with such a sub-
ject, I understand, (I don't knowhowit seemsto
other gentlemen,) but i understood an insinuation
to be made against the parties proposing it, and
to the effect that tlie Government is in some way
to be cheated by these parties, and I did not un-
derstand the gentleman to refer to the legitimate
increase of a city (which every man has a right
to desire) arising from the location of a Govern-
ment work. It may be that at some of the pio-
posed sites there are harpies who would pick up
the land, and interest themselves to make an un-
conscionable bargain with the Government. I
understand that the gentleman docs not mean
that in reference to New London, by his dis-
claimer, and there is nothing left to reply to.
Mr. KELLEY. I did not mean that. I know
that this land was tendered as a gift to the Gov-
ernment; and I know that the mere doubling of
the population of a town suddenly must create
land speculations.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. That, Mr. Speaker, is
a legitimate consideration. It naturally follows
if there is any speculation in reference to land
it is a speculation among themselves, where one
man is the loser and another is the gainer, and
with which the Government has nothing- to do.
My friend has taken back what i understood to
be the natural inference from his remarks, that
there was to be such land speculation as would
be to the injury of the Government. I stated be-
fore the committee, and I state it now with a full
knowledge of the business of that little town, that
not a foot, not an inch of real estate or personal
property there has changed hands since this sub-
ject was mentioned on account of the pending of
this question. We always have felt that we have
had too just a case to resort to any but fair means.
Notwithstanding we had to contend against so
great a city as Philadelphia in such a stormy fo-
rum as this, we have thought we could make
it so clear to th<i House that they could not fail
to see the merits of the case of New London.
I have only to say, Mr. Speaker, in conclusion,
that we offer you to-day what 1 believe to be the
best natural roadstead on the American continent,
admitted by the naval authorities and by a vast
majority of naval officers outside of the Depart-
ment to be such. There is no speculation in the
purchase. Connecticut, though small as she is—
and I do not propose to allude to her past ser-
vices or present position; I disclaim all that sort
of Buncombe—the State of Connecticut has of-
fered it to you for nothing. You have but to put
your hand out and take it. That is all.
The question is now, with such a harbor as
that, with such advantages, with soil remarkably
adapted for Government works, as the engineer
of the yard tells you, almost made to your hand
by natural excavation for docks, in a healthful
climate, in a genial latitude, because the temper-
ature there is moderated by the GuU stream, de-
clared by Humboldt, to be one of the most lu ^ 1th-
ful spots m America; the question is whether
you wiii refuse the best place for a naval depot
for iron-ciads that is offered to you for nothing.
I beg of this House not to imitate the folly of the
Roman emperor who turned away the Sibyl
while presenting the leaves upon which the fate
of the Roman empire depended. I ask you not
to thiow away this opportunity for obtaining the
best place on the continent for a great na\al sta-
tion.
I ask yon to consider it; if not now, to postpone
it, that you may look at it more seriously and
consider it from day to day, so that you may at
last lay broad and deep the foundations cf our
Navy. You must do it. Itis your duty'to be-
come a first-class naval Power, and if to-day you
recklessly throw away the Chance, at some hour
when it is too late you will repent at the expense
of youi' national honor and the position you ought
to maintain as mistress of the seas. I ask you to
pause before you decide, and to decide at last by
merits and not by numbers. The notion of to-
day decides, for the illimitable future, the effi-
ciency of yourNavy, it may be, your position as
a naval Power. It is at once your duty and your
destiny to become a fnst-chss naval nation. Lay,
then, the foundations strong and deep, not in shal-
low waters or upon quicksands, but,seizing these
great natural advantages, the want of which
France vainly stiives to supply by ait, aeccpt
for the Government a station for that Navy which
is yet to lide the mistress of the seas and wung'
from reluctant England the baton of the ocean.
Mr. O'NEILL, of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker,
as the gentleman from Connecticut m his closing
words speaks for New London, so, i say, argues
the Secretary of the Navy, m his annual report
just made to the President, in his remarks favor-
ing the location at League Island for a "navy-yard
for iron vessels and machiiuuy,5' that if now the
United States loses this generous offer of the city
of Philadelphia, gone forever is the opportunity.
When I wanted the floor a few minutes ago, it
was not that I wished the House to understand
that I was about to make a lengthy speech on the
subject; not that I d^ired to advocate League
island because it happened to be located m a por-
tion of the district I am endeavoring to represent,
but merely to state, based upon such arguments
as i hope to adduce, beginning with the report of
the commission to which the gentleman has re-
ferred, that 1 think League Island should be at
once accepted,and that the minority report of the
Committee on Naval Affairs should be adopted
without delay, as recommending the place, of
all others, most suited for the purposes of build-
ing an iron navy, and as offering reasons unan-
swerable, in my opinion, for the favorable action
of the House.
There.are several points in the majority report
of the commission to which I ask your attention.
I am not, Mr. Speaker, about to enter into an in-
vestigation of the birthplaces of its members. I
do not intend to condescend to make such a small
warfare upon worthy officers of the Navy who
constituted it as to name for the sake of an argu-
ment against their fairness where they were born,
but I will take occasion to say that Commodore
John Marston, an able and accomplished gentle-
man, and a near relative of my friend an$ col-
league from the first district of Pennsylvania,
came from the State of Massachusetts; and that
Commodore Gardiner,an equally meritorious of-
ficer, who signed the majority report of the com-
mission, was a native of the State of Maryland.
It does not matter to me that Rear Admiral ►String-
ham, whose life has been passed m the Navy to
the glory and honor of the country, was reared
in the Slate of New York; nor will I stop to inquire
fur the birthplace of Engineer Sanger. Philadel-
phia does claim her honored son, Professor A.
D. Bache, but claiming him she does not here or
elsewhere impugn the motives of others whose
lives have iliusuated a conscientious discharge of
duty, or attempt to fasu-n upon them the narrow
and selfish argument of locality before country.
I wish now to do justice to the members of the
commission, and to protest against any remarks
tending to reflect upon their action, and to dis-
claim for them, as i do for myself, any idea of
being influenced on this subject otherwise than
for the advantage of the Navy.
Mr. Speaker, I throw out of consideration this
point of locality in selecting a site for such a navy-
yard as the country really wants; but I will make
an effort to show the House that the report of
the majority of the commission proves almostcon-
clusively, upon all the leading requirements neces-
sary for a naval station for iron-clads, armature,
and machinery, that League island is unsur-
passed in the depth and fieshness of the wateis
flowing around it, in its nearness to every article
used in building iron vessels, and its defensibihty.
The gentleman from Connecticut, I think, will,
upon reflection, concede at least the latter point,
and will not again speak of Philadelphia being
outflanked in one of the earlier wars. lie must *
look to the history of our revolutionary struggle,
and not forget, when he attempts to undervalue
the defenses of the Delaware river, that hostile
fleets have visited his favorite harbor, and that
armies have marched and fought successfully at
his very threshold. He has not told us that New
London was outflanked; that Fort Griswold, on
Groton Heights, was outflanked. He forgot to
state that in September, 1781, a British fleet left
the eastern end of Long Island m the evening, and
that upon the next morning it appeared in front of
New London and almost burnt it to ashes; while
at the same time a British army attacked Fort
Giiswold, took its gamson, after a gallant de-
fense by New England patriots, and after its sur-
render basely murdered the brave Colonel Led-
yard. I am quoting history.
Such was the defensibihry of New London.
There have been improvements in building for-
tifications and in constructing vessels of war.
Steam and iron have changed tne character of
attack and defense; but relatively the Delaware
river is moie capable of withstanding attacks of
armies or navies than New London. League
Island is furihei from the ocean by many miles,
and the approach of a hostile fleet is almost im-
possible. So much, Mr. Speaker, for the point
of defetivsibihty, and upon it the majority of the
commission decides .hat the. two sites may be
regarded as equoL" 1 leave it to the House to
say whether they can fad to determine that League
Island arnfieially and naturally can be made unas-
sailable. My opinion is that immense outlaysof
money will be necessary to put New London ina
proper state of defense. But a few miles from the
