M
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
ocean, within range of the gunnery now in use,
w'fmt, with the continued improvements, will not
be done? Five or six miles for projectiles will not
secure any fort, while armored ships will in defi-
ance make tin attack, and will be secure from dan-
ger by the power of steam. Mr. Speaker, I have
"said that the greatest requisites for the location of
a navy-yard for the construction of iron-clads are
to he found more fully at League Island than at
New J^ondon. I will go on further in my en-
deavor to prove this from the report of the com-
mission.
BANKRUPT BILL.
Mr. JBNCKES. I desire to interrupt the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, and say to him that
the final vote on the passage of the bankrupt bill
was postponed from last session until to-day. I
ask the consent of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, and of the House, to take "up that matter,
and put the hill upon its passage to-day.
There being no objection, the biH'(H. R. No.
424).,to establish a uniform system of bankruptcy
throughout the United States was taken up for
action.
Mr. JENCKES. By reason of the postpone-
ment, it becomes necessary to make an alteration
in the last section of the hill in reference to the
time when it shall take effect. I move to amend
by striking out the words " 1st of September,
1864," and inserting <l 1st of June, 1865."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CRAVENS. I ask the gentleman from
Rhode Island to let this bill be postponed till this
day week.
Mr. JENCKES. I decline to yield the floor,
and I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered, which was on the passage
of the bill.
Mr. CRAVENS demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 76, nays 56, not voting 50;
as follows:
YEAS—Mossis. Alley, Allison, Aines, Arnold, Ashley,
Augustus (J. Baldwin, John I). Baldwin, Baxter, Bearnan,
Blo\v,BoutweII, tii andegee, Brooks, James 25. Brown, Chan-
ler, Ambtose YV . Cl.uk, Cole, CiesvvcN, Henry Winter Da-
-vh, Tlwinas Davis, D.iwes, Deming, Dixon, l)ri! gh,
Eliot, Bn^lhh, l-'arnsworth, Frank, Gannon, Uooeh, Giin-
noll.Grisvvold, IJeriick, Hooper, A^ihel VV. Hubbard, John
II. Hubbard, flulbuid, Jenoko-s, ICas-son, Kelley, Francis
W. K<:Uo{rjr,Otl;indo Kellopg, Kernun, King, Knox, Lmle-
joJin, Cjougyear, Marvin, McBride, Mclndoe, Samuel F.
Miller,Daniel Morris,Norton, Odoll, Pike, Pomeroy, Piuyn,
Radford, Alexander II. Rice, John (I. iliee, Jame> S. Rol-
lins, Seolleld, Seoit, Shannon, Spalding Sweat, Thayer,
Townsend, Upson, Van Valkenbuigh, YVaul, William B.
"Washburn, VvYbstei, William*, Wnulom, and Benjamin
Wood—75.
NAYS— Messrs. JamesC. Allen.William J. Allen, Baily,
Blaine, Blair, BIis-h, Boyd, Cobb, Cox, Ciaven-, D.twson,
D^fiu.on. Kekley, Eden,iidgertun.Eldnd^e,Finelt, G.irtield,
Grider, Harding, Uairingtoi), Holman, Ingert-oll, Lazear, Lr
Bloml, Loan, I.ong, Mailoiy, Maiey, McC'ling, McDowell,
MeKinney, I\Ioi rill, James It. Morris,Morn.-oii, LeonardMy-
oi*, Noble, Charles O'Neill, John O'Neill, Oi th, Pendleton,
Peiham, 1'nee, tfamucl J. Randall, William U. Randall,
Rogers, Edward U. Uolhn.1-, Ito*^, tfchenel^Smltheis, Wil-
liam (J. Steele, Steven?., Tracy, Wadsworth, Whaley, and
Wilson—56.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Auoona, Anderson, Broomall,
William G. Brown, Fieemari Clarke, Clay, Coffioib, Don-
nelly, Dumont, Femon, Hale, Hall, Benjamin G. llams,
Clia'flc'5 M. f 1 arris, Iligby, (Iotehki?s, Hutch in*, Philip Joh n-
i-on, William Jobtison,.! u han, Kail) fit'] sell, Knapp, Law. Mc-
Allister, Middleton, William U. Miller, iMooiheud, Amos
Myers, "Nelson, Patterson, Perry, ltohinbon, Sloan, Smith,
Stair, John B. .Steele, ritiles, rttrouse, Stuart, Thomas,
Voorheey, Ehhu B. Wonhbume, Wheeler, Chilton A.
White, Joseph VV. White, Wilder, YVinfield, Fernando
Wood, Woodbridge, and Yeaman—50.
So the bill was passed.
During the toll-call,
Mv.WILLI A MS stated that his colleague, Mr.
Mooriiead, was detained at home in conse-
quence of sickness in his family.
Mr. ORTH stated that his colleague, Mr.
Julian, was confined to his room by sickness.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. JENCKES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. O'NEILL, of Pennsylvania, resumed the
floor on the question of the naval depot for iron-
clads, but yielded to
Mr. J. C.ALLEN, who moved that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. GRINNELL. 'i ask the gentleman to
yield to me for a moment.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. Certainly.
TAX ON DOMESTIC LIQUO&S.
Mr. GRINNELL. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a bill to amend section five, chapter
one hundred and seventy-three, of the laws of the
Thirty-Eighth Congress, to increase the tax on
whisky to be manufactured.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let the bill be read.
The bill was read. It enacts that the act referred
to shall be so amended as that there shall be levied,
collected, and paid,on'all spirits that may be dis-
tilled and sold, or distilled and removed for con-
sumption or sale, of first proof, on and after July
1,1864, and prior to December 15,1864, a duty of
$1 50 on each and every gallon, and on and after
December 15,1864, a duty of two dollars on each
and every gallon.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
NAVY-YARD AT GRAND HAVEN.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill to provide for the es-
tablishment of a navy-yard and naval depot at
Grand Haven, in the State of Michigan; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
IMPROVEMENT IN THE HARBOR OF ERIE.
Mr. SCOF1ELD, by unanimogts'consent, in-
troduced a bill making an appropriation for con-
tinuing the improvements in the harbor of Erie,
in the State of Pennsylvania; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
DUTY ON MINERAL COAL,
Mr. CHANLER. I ask unanimous consent
to olfer the following resolution:
Whereas under the exhaustive pica of military neces-
sity a new and biudeiit>ome system of taxation has been
imposed upon the laboring elates and consumers through-
out the country: Theiefoie,
Resolved, Th.it the Committee of Wavs and Means he,
and are hereby, requested to take prompt and efficient
moans to lessen the sufteimgs of the industrial el;\sses by
i educing the tax on mineral coal, now become one of the
piime necessities of life, and to repoit by bill or otherwise.
Objection was made.
BOUNTY LANDS TO SOLDIERS, ETC.
Mr. SPALDING, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill granting a quarter section of land
to every soldier, sailor, and marine, whether cit-
izen or alien, who shall have served one year in
the Army or Navy of the United States during
the war of rebellion; winch was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
BRIDGE ACROSS THE HUDSON.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill relative to the construction
and maintenance of a bridge across the Hudson
river, at Albany, in the State of New York, and
the establishment of the same as a post route;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
ST. LOUIS AND IRON MOUNTAIN RAILROAD. ^
Mr.ULOW, by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill making a grant of public lands to aid in the
construction of the St. Louis and Iron Mountain
railroad; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
PUBLIC LANDS TO SOLDIERS.
Mr. HOLMAN. J ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That it would be just and expedient to set
apait a portion of the public lands foj the benefit of such
boldicis of the United ritates as have been or uhail be per-
manently disabled during the present war, and \\ ho^e cir-
cumstances may require the generous aid of their rnuntiy;
and that the committee on Public Lands be instructed io
repoit a bill granting to the bt-vcial States portions of the
public lands, the proceeds of which shall be applied to the
exclusive benefit of such soldier, either m founding hornet
for them m their lespective States, or othei wise, as the
several State Legudatuie& may determine; and that the
said committee also inquire into the expediency of per-
mitting the several Htate.x to apply the pioceeds ot the pub-
lic* IuisJj. d to them by the act oi < 'ongress approved
July 2, io tlie i>:uhh pu> po-'o, or to i!t * support and ed-
ucation of the orphan ehildiou of .-uoh soldier, as Lave died
or shall die m the seivn-e of jhe ljr.it> d during the
picfet-nt war, and to repoit by bill oi otherwise.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That resolution in-
structs the committee absolutely to report such
a bill. I would suggest to the gentleman to so
modify it as to direct the committee to inquire into
the expediency of so doing.
Mr. HOLMAN. As to the diversion of the
lands which have been appropriated for the pur-
poses of agricultural colleges in the several States,
that is to he merely a matter of inquiry. Butas
to the grant of lands for homes to disabled sol-
diers in the several States, I have ma^e it impera-
tive, and I would prefer to have it go to the com-
mittee in that form.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is the usual prac-
tice of the House, I believe, especially at such a
time as this, when we have no time for full con-
sideration, not to instruct acommittee absolutely
to report a bill. I refer to this as a mere matter of
courtesy to the committee.
Mr. MORRILL. As the Secretary of the
Treasury has referred to the public lands as a
matter of considerable importance, in relation to
a sinking fund, I must object to the introduction
of this resolution at the present time.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is not the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Morrill] too late with his ob-
jection ?
The SPEAKER. He is too late. But the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] was
in time with his objection.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I must object, unless
the resolution is modified as I have suggested.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will not press it at this
time; I will withdraw it.
OTERLAND CALIFORNIA MAIL.
Mr. DAILY. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution:
Whereas it is charged by Joseph H. Burbank, who was
a bidder at the last letting of the oveiland California mat!
service, that the late Postmaster General did him gross
injustice in this, that he jefused or failed to otFer liirn tlie
contract for more than thirty days after he could have easily
done so, (when there weie only ninety days given to pre-
pare for so large a contract,) and after the PostmasterGen-
eral did make to said Buibank a direct and explicit offer of
said contract, both by telegraph and letter, said Buibank ac-
cepted the offer immediately and unconditionally, and at a
large expense commenced preparation for the service, hut
when he sent his agent to Washington fully empowered to
formally close up the contract, the late Postmaster General .
told him that the contract was given to Ben. Holladay:
Therefore,
Resolved, That, if not inconsistent with the public service,
the Postmaster General be requested to furnish this House
with a full statement of ail bids and biddeis, letters, and
telegrams, showing to whom and how the letting of the
contract for the overland California mail was made, and the
evidences of which may be in the Post Office Department*
Mr. BROOKS. It is not for me to defend the
Administration; butitseems to me that the phrase-
ology of that resolution is objectionable.
Mr. BENNJET. 1 must object to the introduc-
tion of this resolution until it is so modified as to
be addressed to the President or directly to the
Postmaster General.
And then, on motion of Mr. B. WOOD, (at
twenty minutes past three o'clock,) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 13, 18G4.
Prayer by Rev. Thomas Bowman, D. D., Chap-
lnin to the Senate,
The Journal of yesterday was readand approved. .
CREDENTIALS. *
Mr. SPRAGUE presented the credentials of
Hon. Henry B. Anthony,chosen bythe Legis-
lature of the State of Rhode Island a Senator from
that State for the term of six years, commencing
March 4,18G5; which were read and ordered to be
filed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SUMNER. I present the petition of Blake,
Brothers & Co., bankers in Boston and New York,
in which tliey set forth that they were the owners
of certain certificates of indebtedness of the Gov-
ernment of the United States, amounting to the
sum of $10,000; that these certificates were lost;
that evidence was furnished to the Treasury De-
partment of the loss, but that down to this day
they have not received full compensation for the
loss. They pray Cou^ress to provide a remedy
in their special case, and also by further legisla-
tion to protect the interests of persons in such situ-
ation. As the questions involved in this petition
