28
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
take it from any part of Pennsylvania. I speak
of Pennsylvtnia in that respect, being better ac-
quainted with its resources, perhaps, than with
those of other States. And you must of neces-
sity carry it either by railroad or canal from one
hundred and fifty to two hundred miles further
in going- to New London than ingoing to League
Island; to the latter place you have the two
rivers, besides railroads and annals. This is
looking at the financial view of the subject.
Now, Pennsylvania does not ask anything of
this House; Philadelphia does not ask anything
of this House; we do not come here to solicit
this as a boon. No member of the delegation
will crave this of you—will beg for this thing.
It is the location decided upon by the Navy De-
partment; it is the location almost recommended
in plain words by those who have been attempt-
ing to impress upon you erroneous views of this
subject by the naval commission.
And I again ask you to read the documents
which have been placed before you for the last
two or three years, I think they alone would
convince the House that the country needs League
Island. Sir, there have been other questions
raised by these gentlemen, and I will beg leave
to say here that! do not know whether a com-
mission of naval officers is the best means of in-
formation in this instance, and from which we
can receive the most practical ideas. I will take
the testimony of a naval officer as to the propri-
ety of building this or that kind of vessel, of using
steam or sails, or of constructing Iron or wooden
ships; but when it comes to the matter of fact
of selecting a site for a building, of testifying
whether such or such soil is proper or not proper
for laying foundations for buildings, 1 think the
view of practical men, men living on the land, who
have passed their lives on it, builders, might per-
haps be more qualified to give a clearer judgment
than the officer.
Now, in regard to the soil of League Island. I
know what it is from having been on that island
many times. It is located within the limits of
the second congressional district of Pennsylvania.
Many of my constituents live upon it, and have
farms upon it. It is farming land. There is the
soil, where it has been for years, and for a long
period of time never has had any of the water of
the Schuylkill or of the Delaware flowing upon it.
Those who live there know this; and such is the
experience of men who, for alifetirne, have farmed
it, and gathered yearly crops from it.
And then its distance from the working popu-
lation is another argument which has been forced
upon us. Why, sir, many a man now employed
at the navy-yard in Philadelphia walks that dis-
tance to his home in other directions. The city
is vast in its extent; it covers a vast territory,
perhaps a vaster territory than any other city in
this country. Men who get their living by labor
walk miles to perform it, excepting when they
are aided by the street-car system; and if you
build this navy-yaid at League Island, just as is
the case near the present yard, you will soon have
the neighborhood built up with cottages such as
are built in Philadelphia, in which our working
people live and have their homes. It is but two
and a half miles from the Baltimore depot. You
can walk the distance m an hour, or in less than
an hour.
Then, in regard to the objection relating to the
health of the people living on that island, and in
that vicinity. Why, sir, the health of those peo-
ple is proverbial. It is not an unhealthy district
of Philadelphia. I have never heard of any pre-
vailing sickness in this locality, and I think my
colleagues will bear me out in the statement. We
do not know'how such an idea could have got
into the heads of this commission, or the minds
of this Naval Committee. The workingmen of
Philadelphia will find their health at and near
League island, the same as those have found it
who have lived in that vicinity heretofore, uni-
formly good.
And, Mr. Speaker, more than ten thousand
skilled workmen live near there; skilled work-
men in every respect, especially in ail the metais
and in wood. They constitute a body of men
peihaps as skilled as any body of men m the
country, ten thousand of them, equal to the en-
tire population of New London. Oh,y«s; the
skilled workmen of thecountry wouldgo to New
London! New London is fifty milts fui '.iujr IVum
New York than Philadelphia is. It is only one
hundred and fifty miles removed from the skilled
( workmen of New York. My friend, and the ma-
jority report of this naval commission, say that
skilled workmen will go to New London. You
will build a large city at New London, in time,
nos doubt. So you may. It has taken nearly
two hundred years to build the city of Philadel-
phia; two hundred years has its population been
increasing, until it now numbers over six hun-
dred thousand souls. I will not attempt to dem-
onstrate how long it will take New London to
become a great city, and to contain a population
in which will be found ten thousand skilled work-
men. It will take you a long while to get up this
great city; the present rebellion will be crushed,
wars with England and France and the conti-
nental Powers will be fought out before New
London will grow to the size of a respectable
city, or grow to such an extentas to attract work-
men from Philadelphia, with the comforts of life
which they can obtain there, oreven to draw them
from New York.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I desire to say something
as to the alleged difficulty of vessels getting in and
out of the Delaware river to and from League
Island, should it be selected as the location. Why,
sir, you cannot, of course, get large vessels up a
long river in an hour or two. You cannot rush
to the city of Philadelphia with a fleet in a few
hours. But I will tell you what you can do.
When you have built iron-clads at Philadelphia,
you caw get them out; you can get them to their
destination; you can save just one hundred and
twenty miles of the rough coast of New Jersey,
along which you must take them to the southern
waters, if they be built at New London; you can
save the anxiety of the families of officers and
men in monitors and iron-clads, who in times past
have in some instances looked in vain for the ar-
rival of those ships at their destined ports. You
can take them down this quiet, placid river, and
take them out of it through twenty-three feet of
water, over bars which, as the gentleman says,
we have in that river. You have never failed to
do it. My word for it, you have never failed to
bring to the city of Philadelphia any vessel which,
for purposes of commerce or trade, or for national
purposes, it was desirable to bring there.
It is true, of course, that a few inches of water
may make a difference. If the bed of the river
is of rock it would make a material difference.
But, sir, here is the bed of this Delaware river of
soft mud or clay that will yield five or six or seven
inches. If you have a vessel drawing twenty-
three feet of water, or even more, you can bring
it safely to the Philadelphia navy-yard, and some-
what easier to League Island. The naval com-
mission, whose majority report seems to have
been the basis of the action of the majority of the
Naval Committee, does not deny this.
Mr. Speaker, I cheerfully take anything into
consideiation which has been said by the older
officers of the Navy. I will not cease to admire
those men; I will not cease to think that they
are among the heroes of this country. I will not
forget the services of Rear Admiral Smith, of Rear
Admiral Paulding, of Rear Admiral Gregory, of
Rear Admiial Stringham. But the experience
of those men in their active lives was with wooden
vessels with sails, of which our Navy a few years
ago consisted, as did all the navies of the world.
They perhaps might not have liked to come up
the Delaware river with a sailing ship, for m
doing so they may have been delayed.
The river is long and winding. 1 do not won-
der that these officers may have a prejudice in
their minds against the Delaware river, and that
therefore they may have been disposed to throw
their influence against League Island as a locu-
tion for a navy-yard. Sir, those are men whose
experience has not been with vessels constructed
largely of steel and iron. The views of those
gentlemen are views adopted forty or fifty years
ago. They are gallant men all of them. I hope
they may continue to live to adorn the Navy,
and that they may have the opportunity of ren-
| dermg service at our various naval stations, and
in other positionsof responsibility. I honor those
men; but, sir, i cannot, at this day, m view of
the modern improvements in naval aiclntecture,
deem item impoitantquestiori whethei theii opin-
ions are fxvoiable or unfavoiable to the location
of the pu>posed navy-yard at League Inland.
Mr. Speaker, there is one other point to which
I wish to refer—that with regard to the building
of docks and wharves. Sir, you cannot have a
navy-yard upon the shore line of a river. If you
select New London, you will not bring your ves-
sels to the rough shore line. You must have docks
and wharves for their reception. Wherever navy-
yards have been established, either at Philadel-
phia, Brooklyn, or Charlestown, ail have docks,
wharves, and other artificial facilities. Theie
must be means of protection for vessels building
or repairing, conveniences forgetting to and from
them—all kinds of facilities must be placed there
by artificial means. "What, then, when you come
to dig fifty and sixty feet into hard rock, will be
the result? When you begin to excavate the
solid rock atNew London for wharves and docks,
how enormous will be the expense m comparison
with the expense of filling up two or thiee feet
upon the soil of League Island, should that bo
necessary! Is not the statement of the facts ail
unanswerable argument?
Compare,sir,the cuttingdownof solid rock fifty
and sixty feet, with the expense of filling up a
few feet! Men who have been interested in
railroads will tell you that rock excavation is
costly to a great degree. The cost of filling up
these two or three teet on League Island would
be merely nominal in compaiison, andnoone will
deny that at New London there will have to be
excavation of rock for docks and wharves and
other necessary works for a navy-yatd.
Mr. Speaker, I do not and I hnve not looked
upon this proposition from a mere local point of
view. I have not been elected, or leelected, to
Congress, nor have my colleagues, on any issue
connected with the establishment of a navy-yard
at League Island. There is, and has been, no lo-
cal issue on the subject. We and the citizens
of Philadelphia aie only interested in its estab-
lishment theie because we arc well satisfied that
it is the very best place. I do not think we can
do Letter than accept the reports of the Secretary
of the Navy as to the de&iiability of League isl-
and for a naval station. He has insisted upon it
again andagain,and if we adopt his views I think
we will satisfy the whole country.
I believe, sir, every privale ship-yard in the land
has been building iron-clad vessels for our Navy.
Some which have been ordered by the Government
are yet unfinished. The gentleman from Con-
necticut [Mr. Brandegee] asks, why was not
this naval depot built years ago? Why was it
not done within the last two years? Why have
we not had a navy-yard for iron-clads befoie?
Because, sir, of such arguments as have been used
in the majority report of the naval commission
and the repoit of the majority of the Committee
on Naval Affaiis. It was because of an effort to
persuade members of Congress that we have no
place for a naval station except New London,
if Congress two years ago had passed an act au-
thorizing the construction of a navy-yard for iron-
clads at the point indicated by the Sucietary ot
the Navy neaily all of these unfinished vessels
'would have been completed or near completion,
1 and we would be able to bring this war sooner
to a termination. But this has not been done, no
navy-yard has been built, and Congress is ie-
sponsibto, and not the Navy Department, for the
neglect.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I am merely going to re-
peat a few of the arguments i have advanced.
My intention has been to piesent the matter in a
practical point of view. There has been befoie
the House agreatdeal of scientific discussion, i
do not propose to enter into it. I propose to leave
that out entirely. I need notinform the membeis
of the House of the necessity that iron ships should
be built for the Navy, i do nut think any one
controveKs that fact. Now we can have such a
navy-yard only in fresh water, in deep water, and
for economy, near the materials used in the con-
struction of the proposed vessels. We musthave
that navy-yard for iron-clads near a population
which can rapidly furnish the requisite mechan-
ical skill. We must look to all of these means,
and, so far as I have seen and been able to exam-
ine, we can secure them better at League Island
than at any other point named. Theie, within
the city of Philadelphia, you have neaily six hun-
dred act u.j! of land, ne.u ly evei y tu le of which is
.su.table fot being built upon. It may be necrs-
Siuy to drive pill's, but it is better to drive plica
