1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
in a yielding soil for the purposes of machinery
than to excavate solid foundations into the hard
rock. That is the evidence of all men who are
skilled in these tilings. There can be no doubt
about that. Besides, you have given to you two
miles of water front upon two broad rivers, the
Deluwaie upon one side, and the Schuylkill on
trie other. League Island seems, indeed, to he a
place marked out by nutuiu fui this navy-yard,
i will now bring my retiuuks to a close, as other
gentlemen may desire to address the House on
this question. I think there is a general disposi-
tion to have a yaul for iron-oiads. Wh of Phila-
delphia want ttestablished at the best place, which,
according to (he Secretary of the Navy, and others,
is League island. As 1 have said before, we ask
for nothing as a mere local favor. We desire that
the country should have its " navy-yard lor iron
vessel* mid machinery" located for the advantage
of the .Navy; and we have seen no arguments
presented why this House should hesitate to de-
cide for this mostehgibie and convenient locality. .
Mr.BROOMALL. I offer the followingarnend- ;
ment to the &uht,titute:
Sttiku out all aftei the enacting clause, and insert the
following •
That tin1 Purulent be, and lie is hereby, empowered to
appoint ;i C(mimi--ion ol •seven s.cientmc ami ptaeneal men,
tin c-o of whom cti.ill be o filed s of the N'uvy not boiow the
lank of eriptani, ivno s-lKill -elect a sue hu a n.u y-\ :\rd and
naval station ioi iron-clad ve^els, liavmsj n'uaut to aiivant-
of location as weil as economy ofeonsmietion^uui make
lepoitto the President for in> conhrniatton.
Slc. Jintl i>e it fiother enacted, 'l'h.it H >aul i cpoit shall
he eonfiitiled by the PreMdent, the rieeieuiy ui ilie X:ivy
shall loithwith piocuie the title of such <ite to be piopmly
vetted m the United State?, and adopt mea uie.s (or the
immediate commencement ot (lie wotk.
No inemberof this body can have read the re- j
peated recommendations of the Secretary of the j
.Navy and the reports from the iNaval Committee, 1
and listened to the arguments on the question,
without seeing the necessity for such a woik as is
contemplated by this bill. The only question, it
seems to me, for us to decide is the l>est mode of
fixing upon the propersite tor the construction of
such a navy-yaul,and it is with a view of hitting
upon what I conceive to be the best means that I
have offered tins amendment to the substitute of
my colleague from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kell£y.J
No member of this body can have read the ma-
jority and minority reports of this committee, and
heard the able aiguments upon tins subject, with-
out feeling that there are serious and peihaps in-
surmountable obj( etions to both the sites nnrm d,
the city of New London and League Island. I
wiil pioeeed to consider shortly some of the ob-
jections which have been urged against each; and
first upon the question of salt water. It has seemed
to tne,fiom the Sect etary's recommendation, and
from the arguments made here upon both sides,
that fresh water is at least best adapted to the
business of iron ship-building, i find in the
report of the majority of the committee—and I
believe the statement made by that majority to be
correct upon that subject—that the corrosion of
iron from the action of salt water is,as they say,
. one half inch upon the surface in every ninety-
one years.
1 find, also, that the influence of the sea water
upon such sui faces, where the surfaces aie some-
times wet and sometimes dry, is one half more
than the influence of clear salt water; which would
make the amount of corrosion three fourths of an
inch in ninety-one years upon surfaces so exposed.
I find,also, from the same report—and I believe
it, by other authorities I have read, to be correct
in this paiticular—that foul sea water, such as is
found in the holds of vessels, and which attacks
the iron upon the inside, corrodes the iron at the
rate of one inch in ninety-one years.
Now, when we consider that the inside of a
vessel comes constantly in contact with foul
weather, and foul sea water, and that the outer
armored portion comes in contact almost exclu-
sively with the sea weather outside, that is with
water and air alternating, we will find by a simple
calculation that the iron upon the inside and out-
side together, affected upon the outside by the
clear sea water, and upon the inside by foul
water, and in each instance by the air, will cor-
rode at the rate of one and three quarters of an
inch in ninety-one years, two inches in one hun-
dred and four years, or one quarter of an inch in
thirteen years, which is a small portion of the life
of a sea-going vessel.
I find again that the action of sea weather and
sea water upon the surface of iron is not regular;
that in some places the corrosion will.scareely be
seen, while in other places it will be very material;
that m some instances the iron upon the same plate
will corrode away three times as last as the aver-
age, and in other instances scarcely be corroded
atall. The calculations andstatementsof the com-
mittee are based upon the average. We have to
take into account the maximum of corrosion, be-
cause we must guard all points of the iron against
attack. The maximum will then be three quarters
of an inch in thirteen years. The gentleman from
Connecticut [Mr. Brandegee] speaksoftheeffect
of sea water upon iron as liot a material matter.
He treats it as of little consequence, and thinks it
has been greatly exaggerated by the advocates of
a fresh-water site. 1 think if he will turn to his
own statement and make the calculation that I
have made of the time m which the effect of sea
water upon the armor of an ironed vessel will
almost absolutely destroy it, he will see that it
will be done in the course of thirteen years.
It is said, however, by the gentleman from
Connecticut, as an argument against the corrosion
of iron by sea water, and as an argument in favor
of the existence of fresh v^ater at New London,
thata certain chain, belonging to a marine railway,
after being m the water for twelve years, was taken
up and found to be scarcely corroded. The answer
to that is that this particular iron may have been
of a kind not likely to be coirodcd by salt water;
because some iron is scarcely perceptibly affected
by the sea; some portions even of the same plate
are scarcely perceptibly affected, while others are
absolutely destroyed. It is to be borne in mind,
moreover, that this chain was a chain belonging
to a marine railway, upon the shore of a river,
wheie, if anywheie, the fresh water of the river
above would float upon the surface of the salt
water. Everybody knows the difficulty with
which different waters mingle with one another.
Everybody who has seen the waters of the Mis-
souri and Mississippi passing down the river
after the junction of the two, side by side for
miles, with a distinct line of demarcation between
them, will admit with me that waters do not
readily mix; and where two waters are of differ-
ent specific gravity, as in the case of fresh and
s*a!t water, the difficulty of mixing is even still
greater, and a considerable length of time will
elapse, and a considerable com motion of the waters
must be had, befoie the salt and the fiesh water
will mingle. Now, the fresh water of the river
Thames, flowing down into the sound below,
naturally overflows the salt, at the shore and in
the middle of the channel. Now, the returning
tide, as every one familiar with the action of tides
well knows, floats everything lighter than the sea
water itself to the shore, so that the shore would
have the fresh water from above while the tide is
running down, and it would have the fresh water
turned from the middle'of the channel while the
tide is i tinning up. We may therefore set it down
as fact, that if there is any ficsh water in that har-
bor at all, it is upon the surface of the water, and
at the shore. The argument drawn from that
chain at the shore, therefore, falls to the ground.
But the gentleman from Connecticut denies that
the waters are salt at New London. He cites,
and cites as powerful authority upon all other
subjects, the commission which examined New
London, as well as the waters of the Delaware
river, and that commission expressly say that the
waters at New London are salt. I do not know
what better means of information the gentleman
from Connecticut has than the commission. I do
know that both the gentleman from Connecticut
and the commission have bettermeans of informa-
tion than I have, and I am notgoing to vote upon
questions involving these disputed facts in favor
of or against New London or League Island with-
out further inquiry. The gentleman visited New
London with the Committee on Naval Affairs.
I had not the good fortune to be with 'them upon
that occasion. I requested the gentleman, if my
recollection serves me, to bring me a bottle of
the water, in order that I might test it, and see
whether it was salt or not. Whether the gentle-
man found all the bottles at New London filled with
other fluids, so that there was no room for salt
water, I know not; but certain it is that the bottle
did not come, and therefore we are left in the dark
on that question.
But the gentleman from Conne^icul, and those
who argue on his side of this question,and the
commission also, 1 believe, propose various
means of avoiding this difficulty of salt water at
New London. They propose, in the first place^
that vessels when not in use shall be raised out
of the water. 1 suppose the idea is to elev^
them some fifty or sixty feet above the'water.on
Long Island sound and' let them stand there on
stilts. Another proposition from the same source
is this. Somewhere near this proposed site at
New London there is a basin of fresh water ele-
vated at some one hundred feet above the level of
the tide. The gentleman proposes to use that as a
means of obviating this difficulty of the salt water *
He does not tell us exactly how it is to be con-
trived, hut I suppose the only way would be to
put the vessels in the basin at the elevation of a
hundred feet above the tide. Weil, I rather in-
cline to think that that would avoid the difficulty
to a very considerable extent, but I would like to
know m what state of readiness the gentleman
would be with his armored fleet in the harbor of
New London, one halfperched upon stilts a hun-
dred or a hundred and fifty feet high, and the other
half in the basin, if the harbor should be suddenly
attacked.
These contrivances for obviating the effect of
salt water upon armored vessels show that the gen-
tlemen themselves hardly believe what they say
when they say that salt water is not injurious,
and also, that the river water at New London is
not salt.
Again, some argument has been used by the
gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Brandegee]
against the peculiar topography of League Island.
Some argument, equally strong, has been used
by my colleague [Mr. Kelley] against the to-
pography of the site proposed at New London.
Let us look at them a moment. It is said, and
1 will not dispute thijt here, because it is not ne-
cessary to do so for the purpose of my amendment,
that League Island will require to be raised some
nine feet by filling before it can be adapted to the
purpose of a navy-yard. Grant that; and grant,
too, that the calculation made by the gentleman
from Connecticut [Mr. Brandegee] is correct—
that the raising two hundred acres to the height
of nine feet, at the cost of one dollar per cubic
foot, will require an outlay of $3,120,000. We
have that as an argument against the adoption of
League Island. But, on the other hand, it is al-
leged by my colleague [Mr. Kelley] that New
London is between twenty and one hundred and
twenty feet above high tide. Everyone knows
that the site for a navy-yard should not be more
than six or seven feet above high tide, at the
most. The lowerthe better, so as not to be liable
to overflow. Now, to cut down this average of
sixty teet to the proper level, at the same rate of
cost, would lequtre an outlay of $20,800,000. I
do not see, therefore, that, in this respect, the ar-
gument is in favor of New London, it should
rather lead us to look for some site where such
enormous outlay would not be necessary.
Buffhegentiernan from Connecticut [Mr. Bran-
degee] denies the height of the site of New Lon-
don, as alleged by my colleague from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. ICelley.] So, also, does the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] deny the
depth assigned to League Island; and I; for one,
for the purpose of my argument, am perfectly
willing to set off these disad vantages against one
anotheu I suppose that if New London could *
exchange a part of its height for the lowness of
League island, if the earth and rock of New Lon-
don could be transported to League Island, we
might, in thecourse of a century or so, have very
good sites for navy-yards, as far as that point is
concerned, at both of these places.
In favor of the alleged height of New London,
I will remark that the gentleman from Connecti-
cut speaks of a basin a hundred feet in height,
covering a hundied acres of ground, supplied by
a river which enters just above and contiguous to
the proposed site. The height of that position
would argue, at least, that the asseitiona of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] are
not so wide of the mark, when he says, in effect,
that the excavation at New London will be, at
least, an average of sixty fee£.
Something, too, has been said about the defensi-
bility of these poiot s. It is said, on the one hand,
that New London is not easily defensible, while,
