m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
on .the other hand, it is said that League Island is
noteasily defensible. I am willing to setoff these
assertions against one another, and to find a place
which is easily defensible for this navy-yard.
Both sites, for aught I care, may be considered to
b'e wanting in that particular. Bat there is this
to be borne in mind as a difference between them,
that if the harbor of NewLondon should be block-
aded at tide-water, there would be no way for ves-
sels in the harbor to escape. They would either
have to run the blockading squadron or remain in
the harbor; whereas vessels at Philadelphia, or
anywhere in the Delaware river, have either of
two alternatives to get to sea. The Delaware and
Raritan canal coula be enlarged and made a ship
canal of, so that vessels could get to New York
in that way, or a ship canal could be cut between
the Delaware and Chesapeake bays, and vessels
could escape by that way, so that an enemy would
have to blockade the Delaware, the Chesapeake,
and the harbor of New York to prevent the es-
cape of vessels from the vicinity of Philadelphia,
whereas the blockading of the harbor of New Lon-
don would effectually prevent vessels escaping
from that harbor. So much upon that question.
Again, it is urged, and with a good deal of pro-
priety and force, on the part of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. O'Neill] who has just
addressed the House so ably, that the materials
for building these ships are furnished largely by
the State of Pennsylvania, and he asks, with a
good deal of force, why this business should be
taken so far away from the materials. Let me
look fora moment at the figures in the report. 1
find by.that that Pennsylvania furnishes sixty-
three per cent, of all the iron furnished by the
entire United States. I find also that it furnishes
seventy-three percent, of all the coal furnished by
the United States. It is also a truth that the Del-
aware river furnishes greater facilities for obtain-
ing timber for the building of ships than probably
any other river emptying nito'the Atlantic. The
ship-building timber from the State of Delaware,
and the State of Maryland, is brought without
any transhipment by railroad to any site upon the
Delaware river, because the Philadelphia, Wil-
mington, and Baltimore railroad touches the Dela-
ware almost the entire way from Philadelphia to
Wilmington.
Why, I ask again, should this business betaken
directly away from the mateiial to a place wheie
the material will have to be transferred at a very
considerable expense, the extent of which 1 will
not now take time to consider? Why should it
be taken to a place where, it seems to me, there
are no advantages at all commensurate with the
expense of such transfer?
Again, it is admitted by the gentleman from
Connecticut [Mr. Brandegee] that the town of
New London contains but about ten thousand
population. lie admits that that population af-
fords a very insufficient supply of workmen for
the business contemplated here. But he says that
workmen can be brought from the citv ot New
York, a point which is nearer by fifty miles to
any proposed site on the Delaware river than is
New London. 1 do not know whethei the gen-
tleman contemplates the workmen living in New
York, and visiting their homes every night and
returning every morning to their work. Prob-
ably he dijes not. It would be about as feasible
as his project of a navy upon stilts.
Now, in regard to the facility of obtaining work-
gien, any point upon the Delaware riverpresents
advantages which can hardly be found anywhere
else, which no point upon this continent that 1
know of presents; and Philadelphia, which em-
braces League Island, is within half an hour's
ride by railroad, at an expense of only eight cents
per man, of any site upon the Delaware river
which has been presented. Why then take the
workmen and the material from the place where
they now are and remove them to a site which,
to say the least of it, does not show advantages
commensurate with the expense?
But the gentleman from Connecticut [Mr.
Brandegee] complains of the tortuous character
of the channel in the Delaware.river. Why, sir,
that very tortuous channel is one of the means of 1
the defense of the sites on the liver. The Gof- I
ernment of the United States can have a know!- |
edge of that, channel that no one outside of this
country can obtain. The city of Philadelphia ;
can furnish pilots to take vessels where they can i
pass without difficulty, while the attacking force,
ignorant of the channel, would probably be
wholly wrecked in trying to avoid the crooks and
turns in it. The gentleman from Connecticut
also points out that there are certain shoals in
the river Delaware below Philadelphia which are
objectionable. Those, too, give an advantage in
the way of defense. They increase the defensi-
bility of a navy-yard on the Delaware river, pro-
vided only that those shoals are not such as to
prevent the passage of vessels ofthe requisite size.
Now, by looking at the reports, and at the
coast survey, you will find that the channel of
the river Delaware is eighteen and a half feet
deep at low tide, and t\*enty-five feet at high tide,
and that these points occupy a very small portion,
indeed, of the channel between the mouth of the
Delaware and the city of Philadelphia. It is not
necessary that a vessel passing out of the river
should choose extreme low tide. A vessel draw-
ing twenty feet of water can readily enough pass
out over these few shoals, which are well known
to the Government, All they have to do is to
avoid extreme low tide and take advantage of
high tide.
If you will turn to the report you will find
enumerated there the harbors of the United States,
and that not more thait five or six of them will
admit theentrance of vessels of more than twenty
feet draught of water. The harbor of Charleston
has only eleven feet depth of water at low tide;
that of Savannah but eleven feet—I mean at the
entianceof the harbor; Mobile has twelve feet;
Galveston twelve feet; the Mississippi river thir-
teen feet; Portland sixteen feet; Boston eighteen
feet; Salem nineteen feet; and then come about
as many harbors which will admit the passage of
vessels of more than twenty feet draught of water.
Now, we must adapt our vessels to the pur-
pose for which they are intended, and with this
considerable list of harbors which have only a
small depth of water, it is the duty of the Gov-
ernment to adapt vessels to this small draught of
water. It is not intended by the United States to
build vessels for the purpose of having armies
transported across the ocean and invading foreign
viators. The object of our iron-clads is to defend
our own country and its harbors, and a consider-
able portion of their effectiveness in this respect
will consist m their being of sufficiently light"
draughtof water to enablelhem to enter the most
of the harbors.
I theiefore throw aside the argument that the
Delawaie river is too shallow, that shallowness
being an advantage upon thescore of defensibility,
and no disadvantage when we consider that our
vessels must, be adapted to the harbors that they
arc destined to defend.
But the gentleman from Connecticut complains
that the ice of the Delaware river affords obstruc-
tions to the passage of vessels and renders the site
ineligible upon that account. Why, sir, I do not
know what the gentleman means by going further
north to avoid ice. I have always been under
the impression that the way to avoid ice was to
get nearer the equator. I have yet to learn that,
in liesh water, at the latitude of New Loudon,
there ought to be less ice than in the Delaware
river, at the latitude of Philadelphia. But proba-
bly the explanation of the matter may be found
in the fact that the water of New London is too
salt to freeze. If so, I answer itis too salt to build
iron-clad vessels in. But the ice upon the Dela-
ware river is no formidable obstruction. The ice
upon that river is rarely found fast at the town ot
Chester; it is never found fast below it. I re-
member, during the course of my life, but two in-
stances in which the Delaware was frozen overas
far down as the town of Chester. Those instances
were in 1856 and 1857, two very cold winters in
succession, during both of which, if I remember
aright, the ice was so thick in the Susquehanna,
at_the crossing of IhePhiJadelphia, Wilmington,
and Baltimore railroad, that the track was actu-
ally laid upon the ice, and the locomotive and cars
were for a considerable time taken across m that
way. Only on those occasions, within my recol-
lection, has the Delaware river been frozen overas
far down as the town of Chester. It is usually
kept open all the way to Philadelphia during all
seasons of all years. I remember only those in-
stancesin which it has not been. Those instances
may probably opeiate to the disadvantage of a site
nearer to Philadelphia than the town of Chester
but they cannot operate to the disadvantage of any
site that may be chosen below it.
But the gentleman from Connecticutlays great
stress upon the report of this commission that
was appointed to visit these sites and choose be-
tween them. A commission appointed by a reso-
lution of this House visited New London and
League Island, and, after extended examination
and discussion, found considerable disadvantages
in each place, but preferred NewLondon, notso
much because it was the best, as because it was
the least bad of the two. If the gentleman will
tarn now to the resolution by which that com-
mission was appointed he will find that it differed
widely from what I propose now. He will find
that its jurisdiction, if I may so term it, was lim-
ited to the two sites—League Island, upon the
Delaware river, and New London, with power to
look at Narragansett bay. Such was the duty of
the commission. They had no power to select the
best site in the United States as I propose that
this commission shall have. They had only the
power to choose between those two; and after
enumerating and admitting the manifold disad-
vantages of both they chose New London as the
least bad.
Again, the gentleman argues something upon
the services ofthe Naval Committee who visited
both these sites, and preferred New London as
the least bad. I do not know what peculiar fa-
cilities the Naval Committee may have forjudg-
ing of sites for iron-clad navy-yards. My ex-
perience in reference to traveling committees of
this House and of other bodies would lead rne to
suppose that the chief business of such a commit-
tee is of an entirely different character from that
of looking at sites for navy-yards; and I will do
justice to this committee by saying that, so far as
I saw their operations, they performed the duty,
which I believe is the general duty of such com-
mittees, most admirably. They did eat and drink
in a manner that would do credit to any commit-
tee of this House. I do not attach any great
weight to the opinion of'the Naval Committee, any
more than to the opinion of a like number of gen-
tlemen selected anywhere in this House. Not a
man of them, so far as I know, is either a scien-
tific or a practical man in reference to this ques-
tion. The members of.that committee could have
very little means of information that this House
itself cannot have; and I am sure 1 do them entire
justice when I say that I admit their claims to
statesmanship, but I do not believe that they know
how to drive a bolt in a vessel.
Now, it would appear to me almost impossible
that, throughout the entire territory of the Uni-
ted States there should not be places.that would
avoid the difficulties of both these sites. Are
there not points that are not at, least four, six. or
eight feet below the level of the tide, and, as they
say, marshy at that? Are there not points that
are not liable to the objections alleged on account
of ice? Are there not points better in all requi-
site-particulars than either of the places alluded
to? Are there not places that will not require
cutting down from twenty to one hundred and
twenty feet to make them eligible at all? Is there
not some eligible point within the limits of fresh
water? I cannot believe there is not. But if a
commission such as I contemplate in my propo-
sition should fix upon New London, I, fu'r one,
would be satisfied. If, on the other hand, it
should fix upon League Island, I shall also be
satisfied. I shall then believe that these places,
while they are bad, are still the best withm the
reach of the Government of the United States,
and on that ground only will I consent to such a
selection.
Now, there are two or three sites on the Dela-
ware river, a considerable distance below the city
of Philadelphia, which, are not liable to some of
the objections thatoperate agaiustLeague Island.
One of them is Chester; another, Marcus Hook;
another, New Castle. This traveling committee
looked at one of these sites anu then condemned
them all. They do not say upon what ground
they condemned them. They do not say that
these sites are open to most of the objections al-
leged against League Island. They do noi pre-
tend to say that any of these sites require filling.
They do not jnctrrid to say that eiihei of them
can be chaif-d with lacking proper foundation.
Yet these thnigsare assumed by a general sweep-
ing condemnation. They will admit, too, these
