1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
31
sites are nearer the ocean than League Island,
and therefore less objectionable, according to their
argument, on that account.
Why these gentlemen did not visit all of these
sites it is difficult for me to say. The Naval Com-
mittee was not limited, as the commission was,,
and might and ought to have visited all of these
sites. What I complain of, then, is that they did
not, but condemned them without examination.
Let me say to this House that Chester or Mar-
cus Hook furnishes all of the advantages which
I know of for an iron-clad navy-yard. The pop-
ulation of that vicinity is about equal to that of
New London, somewhere between eight and ten
thousand. They are upon the Philadelphia,
Wilmington, and Baltimore railroad. Workmen
can come from Philadelphia or Wilmington in
half an hour, at an expense of only eight cents
by buying a season ticket.
I wish to add that at the point of Chester, of
which I speak, the building of iron-clads has been
going on since vhe commencement of this war,
and from eight hundred to a thousand men*have
been so employed. Why, sir, more iron-clads
have been turned out from the town of Chester
than perhaps the gentleman from Connecticutluis
ever seen. Materials, too, can be brought from
the very mines and furnaces, and landed upon the
very spot where they are to be used, at either of
these sites, or at the" town of New Castle below,
without the cost of a single transhipment.
So, then, these towns are within the yieinity of
woikmen. They are within the vicinity of mate-
rials. They are in fresh water. They are free
from the danger of ice. They are better defensi-
ble than New London. They present advantages
which it is worth while for a commission to look
at. All I ask is that all places be examined, and
thatseleoted which is best adapted to the purpose.
It is with that view I oiler the amendment, and
I sincerely trust the House will adopt it.
Mr. PIKE. Whoever reads the lucid and very
able report of the Secretary of the Navy must be
gratified, if not surprised, at the rapid and enor-
mous increase of the Navy since the commence-
ment of this rebellion. It now consists of over
five hundred thousand tons of shipping—a very
considerable fraction of the whole tonnage of the
country. All sizes of vessels are embraced, from
the tug of one hundred tons up to the Dunderberg
of Mr. Webb, of more than seven thousand tons
burden. Almost all of the kinds of slups known
to naval architecture can be found in our Navy—
Jill the practicable shapes and models, if not si me
which are entirely impracticable. Machinery ut all
the approved patterns has been introduced to pro-
pel these ships. The Navy Department has eailed
upon the whole mechanical genius of the country
for the construction of these admirable engines of
war. It has gone into the widest variety of ex-
periment in order to bring o bout the completes!
vessels which can be obtained. Any one dis-
posed to criticise its action would say that it has
been too experimented. I know that this id not
the general opinion, but those who have watched
the detailed action of the Department must come
to the conclusion that if it has erred at all—and I
do not say that it has—it has been in being too ex-
perimental, in trying too many new devices rather
than in adhering to the old models.
In accomplishing this purpose, Mr. Speaker,
there will have been expended during this Admin-
istration $y23U,QOO,UO0,a very generous sum, and
one which wouldstartleus were itnotthat we have
becine accustomed to the bewildering figures of
the War Department. This large sum, on the
whole, has been wisely and prudently expended.
The most i <gorous examination has been made
by commUiees of botn blanches of Congress,
some of them constituted strongly adverse to the
present ofHccis m charge of the Department, and
nothing of misconduct worthy of the attention of
Congsess has been found. Frauds, ot course,
there have been, but they huve been lerrcted out
in the Department itself, and the guiky punched;
and, Mi. Speaker, in leviewmg the action of the
Navy sinew hostilities broke out, it is only bare
justice to say that it has accomplished ad that
could have been expected of it. If had to do the
dull, tedious labor of the blockade, according to
the strictest of the latest decisions on that vexed
subject—a blockade of a coast over thuty-five
hundred miles in extent, and which was pro-
nounced impossible by the European diplomats.
You will recollect the surprise of Lord Lyons,
when he asked whether this Government really
intended to blockade the whole southern coast.
It had in addition to that to hunt the piratical
cruisers of the first naval Power into their various
hiding-places, all over the world of waters; and
when it came to warfare, it was the most difficult
kind of naval warfare, that of attacking land bat-
teries; and who will say that in all of these par-
ticulars the Navy has not accomplished its pur-
pose?
The enormous price in the confederacy of arti-
cles which have to run the blockade, and the
nineteen hundred and seventy-nine prizes taken
by our vessels, tell with a certainty that the
blockade has been most perfect. And we have
seen, in following the history of the war, that
in its various attacks upon land batteries the Navy
has been equally successful. The genius of Du
Pont devised a new mode, and a most success-
ful one, at Port Royal, of attacking land forces,
and this added greatly both to his own fame and
that of our Navy; while the gallantry and intre-
pidity of Farragut at New Orleans and Mobile
placed our Navy foremost in the annals of ma-
rine warfare. And we all but lately felt that the
gleams of victory streaming across the Atlantic
from the guns of the Kearsarge off Cherbourg
strengthened the loyal heart of the country at a
time when it was greatly given to despondency.
The blockade has been ngorously enforced, the
warfare against land forces has been successfully
conducted, and the British pirates sunk and driven
into confederate ports, as the ocean with its myr-
iad hiding-places was no longer safe for them. A
brilliant record for our gallant Navy.
And the conclusion, Mr. Speaker, at which I
arrive from the brief survey of the increase, the
present condition, and the action of theNavyfor
the last four years, is that we have vessels enough
for the present. We can afford fifty steamers lying
off and on to blockade the port of Wilmington.
We fill the harbors of Charleston and of Savan-
nah, and the bay of Mobile, with our armed
ships, and still have enough to protect northern
po'-ts against the possibility of attack.
U is apparently idle to talk about taking any
of the principal southern ports without the as-
sistance of the Army, but when Lieutenant Gen-
eral Grant is ready to detail a sufficient force for
the purpose, the Navy will be, as it always has
been, ready to furnish vessels of the fittest class
foi cobneiation in thewoik of the capture of Wil-
mington, Charleston, or Mobile.
And now, having accomplished thus much, I
insist that for the purposes of this rebellion we
need not stretch another keel, at any rate not for
any vessel of considerable size. All we have to
do now with our Navy is to keep the present force
in repair. With six hundred and seventy-one
vessels now in the service, the larger portion built
since 1S60, and with an ordnance production dur-
ing the last year of more than fifteen hundred
guns, I say our private and public ship-yards are
abundantly sufficient for present purposes. We
need no other facilities for the production of still
more vessels. Let us finish those we have on the
stocks, and then keep the whole m fighting trim,
and we shall not lack in this branch of our great
yar.
Why then, I ask this House, should we enter
upon tins enlarged expenditure for the purpose of
creating additional monsters of the sea, for fear
of some possible/utuie foreign war? Is u wiser
Have we not enough to do now to furnish means
to carry on this war? it is with the greatest re-
luctance that we now tax our constituents enough
to pay one third the current expenditures of the
'Government. Shall we rush into the unknown
sea of new expenditures, which can be demon-
strated to be wholly unnecessary, in order to
compass the presentgreat purpose oi tiie country r
I hope not.
The surest guarantee against future war is to
succeed in this. The suppression of the rebellion
is worth more to us, both tor defense and oftense,
than a thousand ships. When that is done no
nation will caie to attack us, and we need not
fear the combined attack of all Europe.
With all due deference to the superior wisdom
of the gentleman in charge of the Navy Depart-
ment, I do not hesitate to express the opinion
that our expenditures in that branch of our war
—so necessary and so well made—have reached
their highest point, and should,-hereafter,- be re-
trenched. It will be a glorious day for the country
when the same thing can, with truth, be said of
the War Department. ; ' ' •
For the purpose,then, of adjourning this subject,
until some time in the future, oc tifne of which I
cannot but be hopeful, when the national obliga*
tions may run up. to at least fifty per cent. of.
their face in the most favorable markets, I shall .
move to lay the subject on the table. In'the
mean time the investigation cap go on, and we can
ascertain in the large and broad expanse of this
country where is the best site where in some fu- .
ture time we will establish a grand navy-jrard
where we can produce those perfect maritime t
creations which, at the same time that they are
invulnerable at sea, shall possess that admirable
power of propulsion which will make them the
most rapid of vessels, and the most destructive to
the enemies of our country.
1 move to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. THAYER demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Having
been summarily cut oif from the remarks I in-
tended to make upon this subject, I ask leave to
print them.
No objection was made.
[The remarks will be published in the Appen-
dix.]
The question was taken on Mr. Pike's motion,
and it was decided in the affirmative—yeas 80, -
nays 53, not voting 49; as follows:
YEAS—Mpssis. Alley, Allison, Ames, Ashley, Augus-
tus C. Baldwin, Baxter, Beainan, Blair, Blow, Boutwell,
Brooks, James S. Brown, Chanler, Ambrose YV.Cl.uk,
Cobb, Colo, Cox, Cravens, Thomas T. Davis, Briggs,Eek-
loy, Eden, Eldridge, Eliot, Farusworth, Fmck, Ganson,
Gooeh, Gnder, Gttmieli, Harding, Ilernek, Ihgby, Holman,
Asahel YV. Ilubbaid, Ilulbmd, Oilamlo Kellogg, Kcrnan,
ICnapp, Knox, Le Blond. Littlejolin, Long, JjOii<iyear,Mul-
loiy, Maicy, McDowell, Melndoe,Samuel I7*.Miller, iVJor-
ull, Daniel Morns, James R. Morns, Morrison, Noble,
Odcil, John O'Neill, Ortli, Patterson, Perham, Pike,Poroe-
rov, Price, Edwaid IJ. Rollins, ltoss, Scott, Shannon, Sloan,
John B. Steele, Stuart, Sweat, Townsend, Tracy, Van
Valkenburyh, VVadsvvoitli, Ward, Ehhu B. Wa.-ihburne,
William B. Washburn, Whaiey, Wilson, and Benjamin
Wood—SO.
NAYS—'Messrs. Ancona, Arnold, Baily, John D. Bald-
win, Blaine, Boyd,Brandc2i:e, Broomall, Henry Winter Da-
vis, Da\ves5,'Dawson,Deinms,Deni5on, Edgerton, English,
Frank, Hooper, John H. ilubbaid, Ingeiaoll, Kelley, Fran-
cis VV. Kellogg, Law,Loan, Maivin,McAllister, McBride,
McCJurg, William H. Miller, Monrhead, Amos Myeis,
Leonard Myer*, Notion, Charles O'Neill, Pendleton, Sam-
uel J. Randall, Alexander II. Rice, Sehenck, Scofleld,
Smith, Smitbeis, Spalding, Starr, William G. Steele, Ste-
ven<, StilesTliaycr, Up-on, Webster, Wheeler, Williams,
YVildei, Wnul<mi,and Yeaman—33.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J. Al-
Irn, Amleison, Bliss, WxihainG. Brown,Freeman Clarke,
Clay, Cofhoth, Cre&weli, Dixon, Donnelly, Dumont, Fen-
ton,Garfield, Grisswoid, lJ ale, Hall, Harrington, Benjamin
G. llan i^>, Charles M. Hani*, IIotebkiPS,ilMehins, Jenekes,
Philip Johnson, William Johnson, Julian, Kalbfleisch,Kas^
son, King, Lazear, McKinney, Middleton, Nelson, Perry,
Pruyn, Itadford, William II. Randall, John H. Rice, Rob-
inson, Roger a, James S. Rollins, Strouse, Thomas, Voor-
liees, Chilton A. White, Joseph YV. YVliite, Winfield, Fer-
nando Wood, arid WoodbritTge—49.
So the whole subject was laid on the table.
Mr. PIKE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the motion to lay on the table was adopt-
ed ; and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was adopted.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled an act (H. R, No. 464)*
for the relief of Deborah Jones; when the Speaker
signed the same.
RECIPROCITY TREATY.
The SPEAKER stated that the business next
in order was the consideration of joint resolution
(II. R. No. 56) authorizing the President to give
the requisite notice for tei minuting the treaty
made by Great Diitam on behalf of the British
provinces in North America, and toappoint com-
missioners to' negotiate a new treaty with the
lit itish Government based upon the true principles
of reciprocity, said resolution having been post-
poned on the 1st of April last until this day.
Mr. WASHBURN13, of Illinois. What is the
precise position of the joint resolution?
The SPEAKER. The question is, Shall itpass?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is it open
to amendment^
The SPEAKER. It is not.
