THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13.
• Mr^ MORRILL. Is it not in order for the gen-
tiefeiitt'frrim Jfew York, [Mr. Ward,] who has
charge of the joint resolution, to allow me to offer
as a substitute-the joint resolution for uncondi-
tional notice?
The SPEAKER. NotUriless thevoteby which
the joint-resolution" was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time1, shall be reconsidered by
general consent. • .
•:-MrsrFARNSWORTH. Is that motion in
order?- , €
' The* SPEAKER; it is if the gentleman voted
for-the third reading*-
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think 1 did, and I
make the fnotion to reconsider.
Mr. WARD. The preamble was adopted, and
before vthe previous question was moved on the
passage- of the joint resolution the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] moved to post-
pone it; The question now is on its passage, and
on that I demand the previous question.
• ' Mr. MORRILL. 1 appeal to the gentleman to
withdraw the previous question for a moment.
I merely'want to make an explanation.
_Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The pre-
vious question can be voted down.
The SPEAKER. The demand for the pre-
vious question would not cut off* the privileged
motion to reconsider the third reading, although
the second of the previous question would.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 think the
House is now prepared to adopt the resolution
for notice pure and simple. It came within a
vote or two of it last session, and from what has
transpired since, I think we must all agree that
the notice ought to be given. I hope, therefore,
that the House will allow me to offer that propo-
sition again.
Mr. WARD. lyir. Speaker, I shall object to
having that proposition again submitted. It was
voted down at the last session of Congress.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. By a very
close vote. *
Mr. WARD. I shall therefore objccttoit. I
propose to have a direct vote upon tins joint reso-
lution.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope the gentleman will
not object 
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What would
be the condition of liie bill in case the previous
question be not seconded?
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution would
be-open to discussion and amendment.
Mr, WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I hope
the previous question will be voted down.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Ward] whether he will agree to
allow a motion to strike outof the joint resolution
all after and including the word " unless," so as
to make it simply direct notice to be given of the
termination of the treaty. 1 will be then willing
to vote for the proposition. The idea of author-
izing a commission is against thegemusof nil our
legislation. Such a matter is solely within the
province of the Government.
Mr. WARD. I insist upon thepreviousques-
tion on the passage of the joint resolution.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I move to lay the joint
resolution on the table.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will withdraw that motion.
Mr. STEVENS. I will withdraw it for the
present.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed by
the Journal clerk that the yeas and nays were not
taken on ordering the joint resolution to be read
a third time. The yeas and nays were taken on
the amendments. Any gentleman, therefore, can
move to reconsider the vote by which the joint
resolution was ordered to be read a thiid time.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. I move to reconsider
the vote by which the joint resolution was or-
dered to be read a'third time.
The motion was agreed to.
The question recurred on ordering the joint res-
olution to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 offer the following as a sub-
stitute for the joint resolution, and I move the pre-
vious question on the whole subject.
Mr. WARD. Is not that substitute the same
as was votpd down at the last session ?
The SPEAKER. There isan important change
from the one voted down at last session.
Mr. WARD. Is it a different proposition?
The SPEAKER. It is a different proposition.
The substitute was read, as follows:
Whereas by the recfpiocity treaty, concluded the 5th day
of June, ami ratified on the Diluday ot September. A. D.
18-54, between the United States ot Amcnca and the Q,nr«en
of Great Britain, for the period of ten yeais from the date
at which it should coinc into operation; and further,until
tire expnation of twelve months after either of the high
conti acting parties should give notice to the other of its
wigh to terminate the same, each of the high contracting
parties, according to the provisions of aiticJe fifth of saul
treaty, being at liberty to give such notice to the other at
the end of said term of ten years, or at any timeafrerwaids,
and thereby annul and ahjogate said treaty; and whereas
it has become deMiable to teimniate said treaty in the man-
ner therein provided for, as its teims no longer appear re-
ciprocally beneficial or satisfactory : With a view, there-
fore, that steps be taken for the termination of the said
treaty of the oth of June, A. D. 1854, in th« mode prescribed
m its, fifth article, at the cashes practicable penod theieni
piovided for, and that the .mention of the Governments or
both countries? may be directed to the adoption of all proper
measure.-! for an amicable adjustment of any mattoisof dif-
ference or dispute which may remain or ause in conse-
quence of the terminaiion of said tieaty,
Revjlvc.l hy the Srnate ant House of Representative? of
the United Stales of *ftrncrica in Congress a-siemblcd, That
the PieMdent of the United States be, and he i  hereby,
nuthouzed and requested to give to the Goverwneiitol the
United Kingdom ot Great, Dutain and To'land the notice
requiicd by the fifth article ot the said reciprocity treaty
of the 5th of June, A. 1). 1854, for the'terimnaUon of the
same.
Mr. WARD. Mr. Speaker, I hope the gen-
tleman from Vermont will explain the difference
between his substitute and the proposition voted
down at Inst session. 1 cannotperceive the differ-
e n ce.
The SPEAKER. The difference is that the
words "at his discretion" are struck out, and
the words "and requested" inserted; also that
the words "Government of Great Britain" are
changed into the words " Government of the Uni-
ted Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland."
Mr. WARD. There isanothcrpointof order.
The preamble has been already adopted, and there
lias been no motion to reconsider it.
The SPEAKER. The whole joint resolution
it) thrown open by the reconsideration of the vote
ordering it to bo engrossed and read a third time.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam q- estion ordered, which was on agreeing to
Mr. Morrill's substitute.
The question was then taken upon the substi-
tute offeied by Mr. Morrill to the original res-
olution; and it was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I now move to reconsider
the vote by which the preamble was adopted.
Mr. WARD. I submit that it is not proper,
after this lapse of lime, to move a reconsideration.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the point
of order of the gentlemnn from New York [Mr.
Ward] is well taken. After one day the motion
to reconsider cannot be submitted except on Mon-
day on a motion to suspend the rules. No objec-
tion having been made to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading, the Chair considered the motion to re-
consider as having been entertained by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider the
vote by which the House adopted the substitute
of the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,]
and a'so moved to lay that motion on the table;
which was agreed to. |
Mr. MORRILL. I hope this joint resolution
will not be sent to the Senate until we can have
an opportunity to move a reconsideiation of the
preamble on Monday next. <
The SPEAKER. As the majority of the
House evidently seems desirous to get at this
lesolution in some shape, the Chair will suggest
that a motion to recommit is in order after the
third reading haw been ordered.
Mr. WARD. I will then move to recommit
this joint resolution to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend that mo-
tion by substituting the Committee of Ways and
Means for the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. WARD. Would it be in order at this
time to move to lay the whole subject on the
table?
The SPEAKER. It would.
Mr. WARD. 1 then move that the whole sub-
ject be laid on the table, and upon that motion I
call for ihe yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and*it was decided in
the negative—yeas 45, nays 84, not voting 53; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arnold, Bally, Augustus C. Baldwin?
(Jhanler, Ficeman Clarke. (Jobb* Cox,"( 'lavens. ThomasT«
Davit5,Donnelly. Eden, Edgrrton, Eldudge, Fmok, Fiank?
Glider, flairingtou, llcmck, Knapp, Law, Littlejohn*
1/ong, jVIallory, iMarcy, McDowell, McKnincy. William H*
Miller, James il Monis Mottlson. Noble, John O'Neill,
Pendleton, Samuel J. Randall, Ross, Scott, WiJham G.
Steele, Stiles, Stuait, Sweat, Townsend, Wadt-worth,
Ward, Wheeler, Windom, and Benjamin wood—45.
NAYt?—Mefesis. Alley, Alison, Ames, Ancona, Ashley,
John D. Baldwin, Baxtur, Beaman, Blaine, Blow, Bout-
well, Boyd, Biandegeo, Brook*, Brooniall, JamesS. Brown,
Ambrose W. Ciaik, Cole, Henry Winter Davis, Dawes,
Dawson, Denton, Dixon, Eekley, English, Farnswoith,
Gan&on, Gooch. GimnelL Higby, Holman, Hooper, Hotch-
kiss, Asahcl W. Ilubbaid, John II. Hubbard, Hulburd, In-
gersoll, Juiian, Kellev, FiancisW. Kellogg, Kernan, Knox,
Marvin, McAHisKm, McGinn?, Mclndoe,Samuel F. Miller,
Moorhead, Moinll, Daniel Morris, Amos Myers, Leonard
Myer*. Norton, Oaell, Charles O'Neill, Orth, Patterson,
Peiham, Pike, Poineroy, Price, Radford, Alexander II.
Rice, John II. Rice,Edwaid If. Rollins, Schenck,Scofield,
Shannon,Sloan,Smith, Smithers, Spaldius, Stan, John B.
Steele, Stevens, Thayer, Thomas, Tracy, Upson, Van
Valkenburgh, EhbuB. Washburne, William B. Washburn,
Williams, Wilder, and Wilson—84.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J.
Allen, Andeihon, Blair, Bliss, William G. Brown, Clay,
Coffroth, Oieswell, Deming, Driggs, Duinont, Eliot, Fen ton,
Garfield, Gri>wold. Hale, Hall,"Hardin*,Benjamin G. Har-
ris, Ghailes M. Hams, Hutchins, Jenckes, Philip Johnson,
William Johnson, Kalbfiei&oh, Kasson, Oilando Kellogg,
King, Lazeai, Le Blond, T,oan, Longyear, McBride, Mid-
dleton, Nelson, Peny, Pruyn, William II. Randall, Robin-
son, Rogeis, James S. Rollins, Strouse, Voorhees, Web-
ster, Whaley, Chilton A. White, Joseph W. White, Win-
field, Fernando Wood, Woodbridge, and Yeaman—53/
So the motion to lay on the table was not agreed
to.
Mr. MORRILL. I call for the previous ques-
tion upon the passage of the joint resolution.
Mr. WARD. I made a motion to recommit
to the Committee on Commerce. Thegentleman
from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] moved to amend
by referring the subject to the Committee on
Ways and Means.
Mr. MORRILL. I withdraw any motion or
suggestion of that kind which I made. I prefer
to have it passed now.
The demand for the previous question was then
seconded, and the main question was ordered.
The question was then taken upon the mo-
tion of Mr. Ward to recommit to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and it was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon ordering the joint
resolution to be read a third time, and being taken
it was agreed to.
The joint resolution was read the third time.
The question was upon the passage ofthe joint
resolution.
Upon this question Mr. Morrill called forthe
previous question. *
Mr. WARD. I understand we are now to take
a vote simply upon the resolution, and not upon
the preamble.
The SPEAKER. The preamble was read the
third time on the 1st of April last. A motion to
reconsider the preamble was made by thegentle-
man from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] and the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Ward] raised the
point of order that the motion to reconsider could
not be entertained at this time, which point the
Chair sustained. The question is now upon the
passage of the joint resolution and the preamble
together, upon which the gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. Morrill] demands the previous ques-
tion .
The demand for the previous question was then
seconded, and the main question ordered.
Mr. WARB. I call for the yeas and nays upon
the passage of this joint resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 85, nays 57, notvotin^ 40;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Ashley Baily, Augustus
C Baldwin, John D Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Blaine,
Blow, Boutwc 1 i. Bojd. Brandrgee. Biooks, Bioomall, Am-
biOse W. Claik, Cole.lleiny W niter Davis, Dawes, Dixon,
Eekley, English, FaniMvorth, Gannon, Gooch, Gtinnell,
Higby, Holman, Floopei, Jiorrhki^s. Asahel W. liubhard,
John H. Hubbatd, Ilulburd, Jiigeisoli, Jenckos, Julian,
Keiiey, Francis W. Kellogg, Oilando Kellogi;, Kemaii,
Knox, Loan, Ma>vm, MeClurg, Stmmel F. iMilici, Moor-
;hatmon. Sloan, bin itli. Snut'icr.?, SpaidiiiL'. Starr, Stevens,
Thayei, Thoma>, Tut*y, trp>on, Van Valkonburgh, Elihu
B Washburne, "William B Washburn, Wiu-iiey, Williams,
Wilder, Wibon,and Yeaman—So.
