THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS. PUBLISHED BY F. & J. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Tjiirtt-Eighth Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1864.
New Series.....No. 3.
NAYS—Messrs. AIlov, Ancona,Arnold, J.iiikj.sS. Drown,
Chanlcr, Cobb, Cox, Thomas T. Davis., Dom^on, Don-
nelly. Eden, Edsjeiton, Efdiuige,Eliot, Fmck, Frank, Gar-
held, Harding, IJariington, Uorrick, Knapp, Law, Lazear,
Littlejohn, Long, Mallory, Marcv, McDowell, Mclndoe,
McKinnoy, W.lham H.Miller, James R. Morns,Morrison,
Noble, John O'Neill, Pendleton, Radford, Samuel J. Ran-
dall, James S. Hulling, Ross, John B. Steele, William G.
Pteele, Stilee, Smart, Sweat, Town«end, Wad-worth,
Ward, Wheeler, Window, and Benjamin Wood—57.
NOT VOTING—Me«sr . James O. Allen, William J.
Alh'ii, Anderson, Blan, Bli>s, William G. Brown, Free-
man Clarke, Clay, Coffioih, Oiavens, Cre^well, Dawson,
Denting, Diiggs, Dumont, Feniou,Grider, Giuwold, Hale,
Hall, benjamin G. Ilani?, (Jhailcg M. ilariis, Hutchm.",
Philip Johnson, Willuun Johnson, Kalbfl Mr.ch, Ka^on,
King. LeBlond. Longyear, McAllister, MeBrido, Middle-
ton, NcNon, Perry, Pruyn, William II Randall, Itogors,
Suouse, Vooihees*, W"b>ter. Chilton A. White, Joseph W.
White, Winftold, Fernando Wood, and Woodbrulge—40.
So the preamble and joint resolution were
passed.
Mr. MORRILL moved to reconsider the vote
just taken, and also to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table; which was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the title so
as to read as follows:
A joint resolution authorizing the President of the United
States to give 10 the Government of Great Butnin the no-
tice required for the teimination of the tieaty of reciprocity
of the 3th day of June, A. D. 1854.
The motion was agreed to.
MAJOR N. S. BRINTON.
By unanimous consent, the [louse took from
the Speaker's table and proceeded to consider a
joint resolution (H. R. No. 104) reported from
the Committee on Military Affairs for the relief
of Major N. S. Brniton.
Mr." GARFIELD. As a bill has already been
passed for the relief of Major Bnnton,I move to
lay this joint resolution on the table.
The motion to lay on the table was agreed to.
PRINTING TREASURY REPORT.
Mr. AiW. CLARK reported back from the
Committee on Punting the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That fifteen hundred copies of the report of the
Secretary of the Tieanury, with the accompanying docu-
ments and one hundred and fifty copies oi the estimates
ofappiopriation, he printed for the use of the Treasury
Department.
Mr. A. W. CLARK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the lesolution was adopted, and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REPRESENTATION OF LOUISIANA.
Mr'. DAWES. I move that the remonstrance,
referred some days ago to the Committee of
Elections, against the claim of certain gentlemen
to represent the State of Louisiana, be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. SCHENCK, the
House (at twenty minutes after three o'clock,p.
m.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 14, 18G4.
Prayer by Rev. W. H. Ciianning, D. D.,
Chaplain to the House of Representatives.
Hon. Wii.lard Saulsbuiiy, of Delaware, ap-
peared in his &eat to-day.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr.NESMITH presented a memorial of the
Legislature ot Oregon in favor of the location of
a national foundery, arsenal, and manufactory of
arms at the falls of the Willamette, near Oregon
City, in that State; which was referied to the Com-
mitteemen Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. WILSON presented a memorial of medi-
cal storekeepers praying to be allowed the pay and
emoluments of suigeons in the Army; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
reports rnosi committees.
Mr. WILSON, ftom the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred
8
the joint resolution (S. No. 82) to encourage en-
listments and promote the efficiency of the mili-
tary forces of the United States, reported it with-
out amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on the
Jddiciary, to whom was referred aresolution rel-
ative to the pardon indorsed by the President of
the United States on the petition of Lucien An-
derson and others in behalf of William Yocum,
now confined in the penitentiary at Albany, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agiced to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of the members of the
grand and petit juries in attendance at the circuit
and district courts of the United States in the dis-
trict of Michigan praying for an increase of their
compensation, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a petition of members of the bar of
the DistriotofColumbiapraying that the supreme
court of the District be authorized to appoint a ste-
nographic reporter, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration; which was agreed to.
THANKS TO CAPTAIN WINSLOW.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, to whom was referred the
message of the President of the United States, of
the 5th instant, recommending the passage of a
vote of thanks to Captain John A. Winslow, of
the United States Navy, to report a joint resolu-
tion to that effect. The facts in regard to this
matter are known to all the members of the Sen-
ate, and I presume that I shall be only carrying
out the views of this body in asking that the res-
olution may now be considered.
By unanimous consent the joint resolution
(S. No. 83) tendering the thanks of Congress to
Captain John A. Winslow, United States Navy,
and to the officers and men under his command
on board the United States steamer Kearsarge, in
the conflict with the piratical craft, the Alabama,
in compliance with the President's recommenda-
tion to Congress of the 5th of December, 1864,
was read three times and passed.
THANKS TO LIEUTENANT GUSHING.
Mr. GRIMES. I am also instructed by the
same committee, to whom was refused a similar
message of the President recommending a vote
of thanks to Lieutenant William B. Cushing, of
the United States Navy, to report a joint resolu-
tion; and if there be no objection I will make the
same motion in regard to it, that the Senate now
proceed to its consideration.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
(S. No. 84) tendering the thanks of Congress
to Lieutenant William B. Cushing, United States
Navy, and to the officers and men who assisted
him in his gallant and perilous achievement in
destroying the rebel steamer Albemarle, in com-
pliance vnth the President's recommendation to
Congress of the 5th of December, 1864, was read
three umes and passed.
DISTRICT COURT OF INDIANA.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S.No.
352) authorizing the holding of a special session
of the United States district court for the district
of Indiana, and for other purposes, have directed
me to report it back with amendments. The only
object of the bill is to hold a special term of the
district court in the State of Indiana, which has
been rendered necessary in consequence of the
decease of the judge, and as the term is fixed for
an early day, at the request of the Senators from
that State, I ask the Senate to consider the bill at
this time.
Mr. BROWN. Is the bill going to give rise to
discussion ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. None at all. It merely
proposes to authorize the holding of a special
term of the court.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to eonsider the
bill. It provides thata special session of the Uni-
ted States district court for the State of Indiana
shall be holden at the usual place of -holding the
court on the third Tuesday of December, 1864.
The second section provides that all suits and
proceedings of a civil or criounal nature noyr
pending in, or returnable to, the tfourt, shall be
proceeded in, heard, tried, and determined by the
court at the speeial session in the same manner
as at a regular term, and the judge is empowered
to order the impannelingof apetitandgrandjury
for the session.
The third section provides that the judge of a
district court may, at any time, order a special ses-
sion upon due notice, given in such manner as
he may by order direct, for the transaction of any
business embraced in the order directing the spe-
cial session.
The first amendment of the Committee on the
Judiciary was to strike-out, at the end of the first
section, tl\e following words, " the third Tuesday
in December, in the year of our Lord 1864," and
to insert in lieu thereof, " the first Tuesday of
January, 1865."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee wast®
strike out the third section of the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading*
was read the third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, the title of the
bill was amended by striking out the words "and
for other purposes," so as to read; A bill author-
izing the holding of a special session of the United
States district court for the district of Indiana.
RAIDS FROM THE BRITISH ^PROVINCES.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I see in
thismormng's paper the followingannouncement:
Toronto, December 13.—The St. Albans raiders have
been discharged for want of jurisdiction. There is mucb
excitement."
I desire to offer a couple of resolutions this
morning bearing upon this subject, one of them
particularly; but I do not expect to make the Sen-
ate understand the state of feeling that exists on
the Canadian border. I have a great number of
letters in my possession from gentlemen living
upon that border. In my own city, which is
within musket range of the Canadian shore, thou-
sands of the citizens have been under arms for a
long lime, and we have been under a continuous
state of alarm for fear of incendiaries, murderers,
burglars, and robbers from the Canadian frontier.
From the announcement that I have read it would
seem to appear that the Canadian authorities have
made up their minds to protect these raiders. As
I understand it, a man goes from the South to
Canada with a commission purporting to be issued
by Mr. Davis, enlists his raiding party, crosses
the frontier, murders, robs, burns, destroys, re-
turns again to Canada, and is there protected by
the authorities. The letters which 1 have in my
possession are all bearing upon that point. The
one I now hold in my hand is from one of our
most respectable citizens in the city of Detroit, a
gentleman of great wealth, of high political and
social position, and who earnestly desires toavoid
a difficulty with Great Britain at this time. He
says:
" The anxiety growing out of the mist and doubt encir-
cling every lumoi that roaches us is not to be endured,and
upon some slight provocation,one of these days, regardless
ot neutral lines, nur people will be found in Canada en-
gaped in some act that the Canadian Government will say
is wrong, and, sooner or later, war will be the result; this
we do not want."
Again he says:
u Will you give it your attention, for I think itinvolves,
sooner or later, if not propeily heeded, war with Eng-
land.J>
As I said when I commenced, I have no ex-
pectation of making the Senate comprehend this
j state of excitement, this intense state of feeling
! which exists on that border. Vermont may, for
