M
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
aught 1 know, quietly- subtait to have her towns
• fobbed and burned and her citizens murdered,
but the Northwest will not. The people cannot
be restrained unless the Government takes prompt
and immediate action upon this subject; and I
desire to offer the following resolution on the
subject. It may not meet the views of the Sen-
ate, but I offer it for the purpose of having the
subject referred to a committee; and I have an-
other to follow it: .
Whereas raids have been organized in the Canadas and
Nova Scotia, and men enlisted iu said British provinces by
men purporting to hold commissions from the rebels of the
United States for the purpose of robbing and murdering
peaceable citizens of the United States, of burning cities
anil villages, of piratically capturing merchant vessels and
murdering their crews, being a general system of murder,
arson, robberies, and plunders of Lhe peaceable and unarmed
citizens of the United States; and whereas the people of
Ihelii'itish provinces seem disposed to protect these thieves,
robbers, incendiaries, pirates, arid murderers, not only in
their individual capacity, but by tile quibbles of the law :
Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be di-
rected to inquire into the expediency of immediately enlist-
ing an Army corps to watch and defend our territory bor-
denng on the lakes and Canadian line from ail hostile
demonstrations.
I ask for the present consideration of the reso-
lution.
Mr. JOHNSON. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection is
made, and the resolution will lie over until to-
morrow.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the resolu-
tion be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
RECLAMATION ON GREAT BRITAIN.
Mr. CHANDLER. I had hoped that that reso-
lution would pass unanimously this morning; but
.as it is objected to, of course it must lie over. I
"how offer the following resolution:
Whereas at the commencement of the present rebellion
the United States were at peace with the Governments of
Hie world, and upon terms of comity and good-will with
Great Britain; and wheieas that nation, beloie the arrival
011 her soil of our minister accredited by the administration
of President Lincoln, precipitately acknowledged the rebels
as belligerents, thus recognizing then (lug upon the ocean,
without which recognition it would have been regauled and
*i eated as piratical by all other l'owri,, ; and whereas she
then proclaimed perfect neutiality between a Republic with
which she had entertained iiiendly lelations lor upward
if half a. century and its tieasouahie subjects; and wheieas
numbers of her subjects, wirh the knowledge or' hei Gov-
ernment, commenced tilting out British r.i-t-saiiing ship*,
loaded with munitions ot war, for the putpo-e of lunning
into our blockaded ports to the lehels, thus turtilslUng thefa
the means of organizing and continuing thy rebellion, and
withoutwhich it could not have sustained itself six monlhs ;
and whereas, m addition to the above, and with the knowl-
edge of the Government, British subjects and membeis of
Pailiamcnt engaged in the inannl'actuie oi piratical English
ships, owned by British subjects, maimed by British sea-
men, and sailing under British colors, for the pmpose of
burning, destroying, and utteily driving from the ocean all
peaceful merchant vessels sailing under the United States
tlag; and whereas many private and unarmed American
ships have been burned and destioved by these pirates lrom
British port*, ihus causing great loss and damage to the
citizens ol lhe United States: Therefore,
Resolved. That the Secretary ot state he instructed im-
iiifvli.iteiy to make out a ii.-t of each ship and caigo thus
destroyed, with a (air and separate valuation thereof, and
interest thereon at the rate o( six per cent, per annum from
the date of eaptuie or desuuetiou to the date of precoma-
lion, and that he he dneeted to demand from the J'rilish
Government payment m lull loi all ships and cargoes de-
stioyed as aforesaid.
! ask for the present consideration of the reso-
lution, and move that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
The PRESIDENT jiro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the resolution nt
the present rime, is there objection?
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it will lie over.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the resolution
be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGiO FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Air. McFheesos, its Clerk, announced thatthe
irion.® had passed the following bill and joint les-
olution, in which it requested the concurrence of
the Senate: '
A biilj(No. 595) to amend an act entitled "An
act for the punishment ofcrimes in the District of
Columbia," approved March 2, 1831; and
A joint resolution (No. 56) authorizing the
President of the United States to give to the Gov-
ernment of Great Britain the notice required for
the termination of the treaty of the 5th of June, A.
D. 1854.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bill, which thereupon received
the signature of the President pro tempore of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 465) for the relief of Debo-
rah Jones.
ST. LOUIS ARSENAL.
Mr. BROWN submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia be, and they are hereby, instructed to inquire
into the expediency of repealing the act of Congress of
March 2,1861, entitled" An act to remove the United States
arsenal from the city of St. Louis, and to provide for tile
sale of the lands on which thesame is located," and report
by bill or otherwise.
PRINTING OF A BILL.
On motion of Mr. RAMSEY, it was
Ordered, That the bill (S. No. 354) extending the time for
the completion of certain land-grant railroads in tiie State
of Minnesota, and regulating the disposal of lands hereto-'
fore granted said State to aid in the construction of suell
roads, be printed for the use of the Senate.
INCREASE OF THE REVENUE.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move to take up the res-
olution that I olfeied the other day, which upon
the request of the Senator from Michigan [Mr.
Chandler] was laid over. The Senator from
Michigan, I believe, did not understand fully the
purport of the resolution. It ia merely one of in-
quiry, and I understand he has now no objection
to its being passed. It will give rise to no dis-
cussion.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution sub-
mitted by Mr. Doolittle on the 12th instant:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be instructed
to inquire into the propriety of the immediate passage of an
act, to increase the revenue, first, by an additional tax of
one pel cent, upon all sales of real and peisonal property,
including also all bargains for the sale of merchandise,
pioduee, guld or silver coin, or stocks of any description ;
second, by an additional tax of twenty-five per cent, upon
the gro^s receipts, to be added to the piescnt rates, of all
railroad faies, including street railioads, steam boats, ami
femes, to be collected by the companies or persons i mining
the same for the use of the Government. And that sard
committee be lurther instructed to inquire into the propri-
ety of the passage of a law to pieveritthe further expansion
of the euriencv by the organization of any new banking
associations except when theymay take the place of some
existing State bank. And that said committee be further
instiueted to inquire into the propriety of redeeming all the
outstanding interest-bearing legal-tender notes, by issuing
in their stead other notes, in denomination not less than
fifty dollars each, bearing a uniform interest, fiom the 1st
day of January in each year, of thiee and sixtv-flve one
hundicdths per cent, per annum, with coupons' attached,
to be paid out, and to be made a legal fender for their lace,
with inteiest added.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the members of the Committee on Finance
specially to the points mentioned without at all
entering into a discussion. The resolution in-
structs the committee to inquire into the propriety
of a tax on all sales both of real and personal
property. According to the lowest estimate which
can be made, that of itself would produce a rev-
enue of §75,000,000every year. It notonly pro-
poses a tax upon sales actually made, but upon
all bargains or contracts to sell stocks, gold, and
produce, which will have more of a restraining
elfect upon speculations in gold than any gold
bills which can be passed making it a penal of-
fense to sell gold in the market, or to make any
distinction between gold and paper currency.
It also proposes thatthe committee shall in-
quire into the propriety of adding twenty-five per
cent, lax to all the railroad fares in the country,
including street railroads, steamboats, and ferries,
and making the companies the tax-gatherers for
the benefit of the Government. Here is a source
of income and of revenue which is the most im-
mediately accessible, perhaps, of any upon which
the Government can lay its hand. It will be re-
ceived in large quantities from powerful compa-
nies, nch companies, and the revenue to flow into
the Treasury of the Government will be immense.
And tins is the time, Mr. President, of all others,
when we should seize hold of those means which
will produce the revenue, for the money we must
have.
Another point in the resolution is an inquiry
whether it is not best to prevent the organization
of any more new banking associations with power
to put their notes afloat and still further expand
the circulating medium, allowing at the same time
those State banks that are now in existence, by
withdrawing their circulation, to go into operation
under the general law.
The fourth point is—and to that I desire spe-
cially to call the attention of the chairman of the
Committee on Finance—to attempt in some way
to substitute some notes of the Government in
place of all those legal-tender interest-bearing
notes which now bear interest from the date of
their issue, and the date of their issue may occur
in any month during the whole year, producing
" confusion worse confounded" in all money
transactions so far as concerns the computation
of the interest that may have accrued on these
notes between individuals as they pass from hand
to hand. In their stead, I should like to substi-
tute interest-bearing legal-tender notes for a uni-
form rate of interest, bearing date from a given
date within a year, for instance the 1st day of
January; bearing an interest of 3.65 per cent.,
which can easily be calculated:upon $100, a cent
a day; upon §50, half a cent a day; and bearing
interest from that given day, no matter when is-
sued by the Government, and to be a legal tender
not only for the face but for the accrued interest,
so that when the Government pays them out it
pays them out for their real value, and then they
pass from hand to hand, and any individual who
happens to take them takes them for the face and
the interest, and if he chooses to keep them in
his hands they are all the while accumulating.
Mr. President, I have simply called the atten-
tion of the Committee on Finance to these four
points; I do not intend to go into a discussion of
them. I deem each and every one of them ex-
ceedingly important; and it is still more important
that we act, or, if possible, that we induce Con-
gress to act upon this great subject of finance,
even before we take the usual adjournment for the
holidays. I do not know that it is possible for
this body to originate any bill on this subject; but
the committee may inquire into it, and can report
upon these questions. It is for the other House to
originate revenue measures, I am aware; but I
hope that it is possible that this Congress, be-
fore we take the Christmas adjournment, can pass
some revenue measure that shall bring money into
the Treasury.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before the vote is taken
upon the passage of the resolution, I will say a
word or two, but not detain the Senate. I have
no objection to the reference of the resolution,
but will state that the Committee on Finance
have already had this subject under consideration
by the reference of the report of the Secretary of
the Treasury and of the President's message. All
the points indicated by the Senator's resolution
will be considered in the Committee on Finance
without the resolution.
I desire further to say that, while it is well
'enough for Senators to submit their propositions
upon this subject, yet we are restrained in our
action by the provision of the Constitution which
requires that all bills for raising revenue shall
originate in the House of Representatives. Atthe
last session the Senate attempted to indicate its
desire to increase the tax on incomes, and sent a
proposition of that kind, as an amendment to one
of the military bills, to the other House, but it
was resented by the House, the bill was laid upon
the table, and they sent us back a new proposi-
tion. I think, therefore, we ought to avoid any
controversy with the House of Representatives
upon a matter the origination of which the Con-
stitution vests in them exclusively. We must
await their action. They will, necessarily, soon
send to the Senate bills providing additional rev-
enue, and then we can propose amendments of
various kinds increasing the taxes.
I desire now to say for myself that I believe
(he true remedy for our financial difficulties is a
very large increase of taxes. Perhaps my views
in this respectwill not be sustained by the Seriate.
From the beginning of the war I have thought
that the true mode was to pay as we go, as far as
possible. There are various reasons for this; I
will state but one that operates very strongly on
my mind. The soldiers that are serving In the
field are eeduring all the hardships of this war;
those at home are more prosperous than ever
