1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35
heroic; pet sons engaged in ordinary business are i
now doing better than they have done for years; :
and I think it but right that they who are now
reaping profits from the condition of war should
pay very largely in taxes in order to bear their
share of the burdens of a great war. If we in-
crease our national debt, and put these taxes
upon future generations, we compel the descend-
ants of the very soldiers who have fought our
battles also to pay the expenses of the war. I
think we ought to be willing to endure a very-
large amount of taxation, far in excess of any
we have had heretofore.
At the proper time, when these questions prop-
erly come before the Senate, the Senator will have
an. opportunity to present his views on the vari-
ous details connected with the general subject of
taxation, and they will then be fully considered;
but at present we are not able to act upon them,
mid shall not be until bills come to us from the
House of Representatives.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. Pie&idcnf, I should have no
objection to the reference of this resolution espe-
cially, to theCommittee on Finance, ifit was intro-
duced simply for the purpose of setting forth the
views entertained by the Senator from Wiscon-
sin, and of indicating the direction in which he
thought inquiry should bemp>de; but if it is going
to that committee by general consent, and is to be
taken as any indication that the Senate concur in
the suggestions made, 1 wish for one to say that I
do not, that I differ very widely in regaid to the
policies which lie has indicated and the effects to
flow from them which he seems to anticipate.
I will add only one other word, and say this,
that I think gentlemen are perhaps somewhat
mistaken in regard to the extent to which taxa-
tion can be carried, and that we are pel haps nearer
the limit at which it can be piopcrly borne than
many persons imagine. I think that in the con-
duct of this war, m the carrying on of our system
for the future, we have got to look in another di-
rection; in other words, it has become an expense
account, and we have got to look to a reduction of
expenditure to enable us to sustain our financial
system. I believe that is a direction in whichin-
quiry should more properly be made. I do not
desire to oppose the passage of the resolution,
but simply to say that 1 trust it will be taken as
no indication, in regard to the points mooted, of
a general concurrence on the part of the Senate. ;
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I agree with the Senator
from Missouri entncly in what he says, that it is
nocess.u-y to loduc the expenses m every pos-
sible way, and I will go with him in the effort to
reduce them, and to compel the administration of
every department of the. Government on prin-
ciples of the strictest economy possible. At the
same time, our necessary expenses are so great
and must be so great that we are compelled to
seize hold of ovei y source that will certainly bring
us revenue; and while 1 do not expect, of course,
tilat^he Senate, by allowing this resolution to go
to the committee now, express their opinion on
the points I have presented, still the points are of
sufficient consequence and magnitude to be well
considered by the committee, and therefore J hope
the resolution will pass without any objection.
Mr. FOSTER,. Mr. President, I do not rise
to prolong the discussion; I only wish to say one
woid, and that i-j, one of the most certain modes
of promoting economy in our affairs is to make
the people pay as we go.
The resolution was agreed to.
HOUSE RILLS REFERRED.
The bill (No. 595) to amend an act entitled
"An act for the punishment of crimes in the Dis-
trict of Columbia,'^approved March 2,1831, was
read twice by its title and leferred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
The joint resolution (No. 5G) authorizing the
President of the United States to give to the Gov-
ernment of Great Britain the notice required for
the termination of the reciprocity treaty of the 5th
of June, A. D. 3854, was read twice by its title.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The joint
resolution will be referred to the Committee on
Foreign Rotations if there be no objection.
Mi\ GLUMES. f think that resolution ought
to be leferud to the Committee on Commerce.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator make that motion ? %
Mr. GRIMES. I do.
Mr. SUMNER. It refers to a treaty.
Mr. GRIMES. It refers purely to commercial
relations existing between this country and the
provinces of Great Britain. .
Mr. SUMNER. Then every question of com-
merce between the two countries, even if it is the
subject of negotiation, must be referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and you may as well
dismiss your Committee on Foreign Relations.
That subject is at this moment under the consid-
eration of the Committee on Foreign Relations.
It was referred by the Senate several times during
the last session by several different resolutions
and petitions.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
by the Senator from Iowa that the joint resolution
be referred to the Committee on Commerce.
The question being put, the motion was not
agreed to.
The joint resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
UNFINISHED BUSINESS.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move that those mat-
ters which were pending at the adjournment of the
last session of Congress, with the papers accom-
panying them, be referred by the Chair to their
appropriate committees.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
is already made.
Mr. COLLAMER. Some question has arisen
among us about the referring of papers to the
committees. I understand that by the rule of the
Senate the business is to be taken up in the state
of completion in which it was when we adjourned
at the last session. I take it, of course, that those
bills which were reported and on the Calendar at
the closc of the last session are not again to be
sent to the committees, but the Senate will take
them up in the order in which they stood on the
Calendar at the time of our adjournment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is the
understanding of the Chair.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand, then, that
according to the rules all those matters which
were in the hands of the committees, not reported
upon, are fo beagain sent to the committees, with
the accompanying papers.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. All unfinished
business before the committees at the adjourn-
ment of the last session goes back to the com-
mittees, of course.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Several executive messages were received from
the President of the United States by Mr. Nico-
lay, his Secretary.
On motion of Mr. POMEROY, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 14, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Dr. Bowman, Chaplain of the Senate.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
RECIPROCITY TREATY RECORDING VOTES.
Mr. KASSON. I ask leave to record my vote
on the passage of the joint resolution authorizing
the President to give the requisite notice for term-
inating the treaty made by Great Britain on behalf
of the British provinces m North America.
Mr. STRVENS. Before this permission be
granted, I would like to inquire whether it is true
that the Canadian authorities have discharged all
the rebels whose cases have been under investi-
gation there.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is so stated
in a dispatch from Toronto.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I hope that all gentle-
men who voted against the bill will change their
votes and make the passage of the bill unanimous.
Leave was granted to Mr. "KAssoNto record his
vote, and he voted in the affirmative.
Messrs.Deming,Driggs, Blair, and Longyear
obtained similar leave, and voted in the affirma-
tive.
Messrs. J. C. Allejj, Le Blond, and Kalb-
fleisch obtained similar leave, and voted in the
negative.
Mr. Davis, of New York, obtained leave to
changc his vote on the same question, and voted
in the affirmative.
NATURALIZATION OF SOLDIERS AND SAILORS.
Mr. WILSON, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on the Judiciary, with
an amendment in the nature of a substitute, a bill
(H. R. No. 583) to so amend the law in regard
to the naturalization of soldiers as to include sail-
ors also in its provisions.
On motion of Mr. WILSON the House pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill.
The substitute reported by the committee was '
read. It provides that the twenty-first section*of
an act entitled "An act to define the pay and emol-
uments of certain officers of the Army, and for
other purposes," approved July 17, 1862, be so
amended as to read as follows:
That any alien of the age of twenty-one years and up-
wards, who has enlisted or shall enlist in the armies of the
United States, either the volunteer or regular forces, or in
the naval or marine forces, and has been or shall hereafter
be honorably discharged, may be admitted to become acit-
izen of the United States upon his petition without any
proofs of the declaration of his intention to become a cit-
izen of the United States, and that he shall not be required
to prove more than one year's residence within the United
Stales previous to his application to become such citizen ;
and that the court admitting such alien shall, in addition
to tiie proof of residence and good moral character ns is
now provided by law, be satisfied, by competent proof, ot
such person having been honorably discharged from the
service of the United States as aforesaid.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and parsed.
The amended title, as reported'by the commit-
tee, was agreed to as follows:
A bill to amend the twenty-first section of an act enti-
tled " An act to define tlie pay and emoluments of certain
officers of the Arinv, and tor othei purposes," approved
July 17, 1863.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter rfiotion was agreed to.
COMMITTEE OF WAYS AND MEANS.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the Committee
of Ways and Means have leave to sit during the
sessions of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
INVALID PENSIONS, ETC.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill making appropriations
for the payment of invalid and other pensions of
the United States for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1866.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vens] whether this bill contains any other pro-
visions than those necessary to carry out existing
laws.
Mr. STEVENS. It is simply a bill to pay
pensions authorized bylaw. It contains no other
provisions.
The bill was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union,and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that this bill be made
a special order for to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC EXPENSES.
Mr. STEVENS also reported from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means a bill making appro-
priations for the consular and diplomatic ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1866.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to make the same in-
quiry in reference to this bill that was made with
regard to the other—whether it contains any ap-
propriation not authorized by existing law.
Mr. STEVENS. It does not; it contains no
appropriations but such as are authorized bylaws
already existing.
The bill was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and orderedrto be printed.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that this bill also be
made a special order for to-morrow. They are
both short bills.
The motion was agreed to.
SHIP CANAL AROUND NIAGARA FALLS.
The SPEAKER. The first bill in order is a
bill (II. R. No. 126) to construct a ship canal
