THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
Joirjt resolution (No. 83) tendering the thanks
of Congress to Captain John A. Winslow, United
States Navy, and to the officers and men under
his command on board the United States steamer
Kearsarge, in her conflict with the piratical craft,
the Alabama, in compliance with the President's
recommendation to Congress of the 5th of De-
cember, 1864;
.Joint,resolution (No. 84) tendering the thanks
of Congress to Lieutenant William B. Cushing,
United States Navy, and to the officers and men
who, assisted him in his gallant and perilous
achievement in destroying the rebel steamer Al-
bemarle, in compliance with the President's rec-
ommendation to Congress of the 5th of Decem-
ber, 1864.
' surviving soldiers op war op 1812.
Mr. FARNSWORTII moved that the rules
be suspended, and the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope that
it will be the understanding that no business shall
be done.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. washburne, of Illinois, in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated the first business in
order to be the annual message of the President
relative to the condition of the country.
Mr. SPALDING. 1 move that all preceding
orders be laid aside, and that the committee take
up House bill No. 266, granting- pensions to the
surviving soldiers of the war of 1812, which was
introduced by me at the last session.
The CHAIRMAN. That can only be done by
disposing of the preceding bills one at a time.
Mr. COX. Is it in order to move to take up
the question of taxing whisky on hand? [Laugh-
terj
The CHAIRMAN. Notatthis time; itistoo
early in the day. ,
Mr. SPALDING moved that the annual mes-
sage. of the President be laid aside.
The motion was disagreed to.
president's message.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Chairman, [ intimated my
design, when the President's annual message way
received, to make some remarks on it; hut I have
lost some of the interest which might have been
inspired at that moment. And yet if 1 do not
take advantage of this opportunity now, when
there is nothing to do, the topics of the message
may pass beyond my reach, so that little time
may be left for me to say anything if the message
should ever come up again. I avail myself, then,
of this early period of the session not to waste
time,and when it is thegood fortune of the House
and of the country not to have anything to do
There are, sir, two cardinal topics in the mes-
sage of the President to which I wish particularly
to solicit attention; and these are, first, that the
war must go on without further negotiation; and,
second, that the war must go on until the abolition
of slavery is made perpetual throughout all por-
tions of the old United States.
Mr. GRINNELL. I muke the point of order
that it is not in order to discuss the President's
message of this year upon the Calendar of the
last session.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr BROOKS. I intend to discuss the Presi-
dent's message of this year, and the topics therein
set forth. Permit me, first, to call the attention of
the House to the numerous amendments which
are proposed to the Constitution. One of them
is to change the principle of representation, pro-
posed by the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Sloan;] another is to change the great principle
of the Constitution as to export duties, proposed
by the honorable member from Maryland, [Mr.
Davis,] and another comes down to us from the
Senate, with the sanction of the President of the
United States, and that is, to alter the Constitu-
tion on the subject of slavery. No time seems
to me more inauspicious than in the midstof civil
war, with the clangor of arms ail around us, with
comparatively but a small territorial part of our
whole country assembled by their Representa-
tives upon the floor of this House; no time, sir,
seems to me more inauspicious to make great
fundamental changes of the Constitution of the
United States.
But it is said that slavery is the stumbling-
block in the way of the restoration of theUnion,
and that without the abolition of slavery it is not
possible for us, now or hereafter, to live on terms
of amity and peace with our former southern coun-
trymen. I do notnow, oratanytime this session,
propose to rediseuss this topic of slavery. I have
nothing new to say upon it, or but little to take
back. I adhere to the opinions which I have here-
tofore advanced on that subject on the floor of this
House, and, in the main, to the opinions which
I have held for twenty-five to thirty years, and
which some not unkind friend has reproduced
for the reading of the House from a newspaper
I wrotefor, years and years ago. These opinions
are but little changed. I do not, however, intend
to discuss the abstract question of slavery at all,
or its political or constitutional connections with
the Government of the land.
The approval of the system of slavery, Mr.
Chairman, and the acceptance of it as an insti-
tution existing, are very different things. I ac-
cept it, if I do not approve. The Constitution of
my country teaches me to betolerantin alt things,
even in the most important of all matters, that of
religion. Intolerance is criminal at all times; but
intolerance is repelled under our form of Govern-
ment in every line and letter of the Constitution
under which we live; and if the Constitution did
not teach me that, the Bible does. Sir, when the
Saviour was on earth He lived under a Govern-
ment where there were sixty million slaves; and
when, from the Mount of Olives, Ho ascended into
heaven, His eyes looked down upon Jerusalem
and Judea, full of thousands and tens of thou-
sands of slaves. And when the Apostle Paul
stood upon Mars' hill, after wandering among the
magnificent temples of the Acropolis, some of
them dedicated to the unknown God, he preached
to the Athenians, surrounded by their masses of
slaves, no intolerance, no persecution, no civil war
for the abolition of slavery; but if not there, else-
where, Servants, obey your masters. The teach-
ings ofour Saviour were also to render unto Coesar
the things that are Ctesar's, and to God the things
that are God's, with submission to civil govern-
ment and the Christian obedience even of slaves to
their masters. The whole spirit of the evangelists
is full of like toleration to an institution which, in
the end, the lessons of Christianity were to sub-
vert, but the overthrow of which, by violence and
force, is there everywhere condemned.
If, then, the Saviour of the world and His
apostles were thus tolerant upon the subject of
slavery, why cannot there be equal toleration
among Ilis professed people in their admin-
istration of the Government in this country?
Toleration, indeed, is the essential principle of
our institutions. Toleration pervades every part
of our social organizations. We are tolerant of
the Jew, who does not believe m the Saviour. We
are tolerant of those Christians who do not re-
spect our Sabbath. "We are tolerant of a great
and rising State in the center of this continent,
which has now one hundred and t\venty-fxve
thousand inhabitants, and a city of twenty thou-
sand people. We are tolerant there upon the
subject of polygamy, expressly forbidden in the
New Testament, if tolerated in the Old; tolerant,
though expressly forbidden by the Saviour and
His apostles; and these people from this great
Territory are admitted to a seat upon the floor of
this House, and take part in our deliberations
and debates, while we are in a frightful civil war
now seemingly only to abolish negro slavery.
And now are we to be told at this day and hour
that we cannot be tolerant upon this subject of
slavery, when not only the Saviour and apos-
tles tolerated it, but when the patriarchs Abra-
ham, Isaac, and Jacob were holders of bondmen
and bondwomen? Let me not be misunderstood;
I do not mean to be understood as saying that the
spirit of the Bible upholds slavery, and I do not
mean to say there are not teachings in the ser-
mons of our Saviour and the apostles which m
the end would abolish slavery through the whole
earth; but I do mean to say that not only the
Saviour and the apostles, but that the fathers of
the Church were tolerant with slavery, and that
for more than a thousand years the fathers of the
Church exercised a religious and political influ-
ence through the emperors of Rome in uphold- !
ing the institution of slavery from abolition by
force or violence, while they left it to be abol-
ished by the peaceful and graceful influences of
Christianity.
Mr. PRICE. As the gentleman quotes scrip-
ture so glibly, and refers to the fathers of the
Church so readily, I wish to ask him if he has
read where it is written that the time of this igno-
rance was winked at, but that now He commands
all men, everywhere,even McClellan Democrats,
to repent ?
Mr. BROOKS. I do not know who has given
the gentleman any superior wisdom that enables
him to say that this is a wiser age than the age
of our Saviour, of the apostles, and of Abraham,
and Isaac, and Jacob.
1 was about to say that the Church was over a
thousand years in abolishing Roman slavery.
And yet here in six months, by constitutional
proclamation, or in five or six years by civil
war, we propose to abolish it in blood and by vio-
lence through an empire almost as vast as the
empire of Rome. Slavery was not abolished in
England until 1102, by the council of London,
and in Ireland until 1172, by the council of Ar-
magh. As a matter of admonition, if not for his-
tory, let me here state that when, in 451, or 456,
in the council of St. Patrick, held in Ireland,
there was a proposition from some of the clergy
to induce slaves to run away, the thirty-second
canon of that council was expressly issued, or-
daining that to steal slaves by inducing them to
run away was to expose the clergy to be con-
sidered as thieves and robbers. The Church,
then, while sapping the foundation of slavery,
expressly forbade all violence, all wrong.
But homogeneity,we are told, mustexist through
the hitherto thirty-four States of this Union. The
Union cannot exist unless we are a homogeneous
people. No matter whether slavery be right or
wrong, Christian or unchristian, it must be abol-
ished, we are told, this day and this hour, in order
to make us a homogeneous, a united, a one and
indivisible people. Sir, homogeneity can never
exist in a great nation, among a great people.
Look at the great nations now covering large ex-
tents of the globe. There is the Russian empire
—what an empire! what different institutions,
what various tribes 1 How unlike—unlike in man-
ners, unlilte in character, frequently unlike in ori-
gin. And there is the great empire of Austria,
which, stretching from Italy to Hungary,contains
races of all varieties of character. Twelve differ-
ent languages are spoken in that empire, and its
institutions are as diverse as can well be imagined;
its people are unlike, various, and different—more
different than any people that exist in this coun-
try. And there is Switzerland, too, the only re-
public existing in Europe, except that little one
perched on the Apennines—an old republic of
twenty-five cantons, in which are spoken three
different languages—the Italian, the German, and
the French—the debates, at times, in their general
congress going on in all these three tongues. The
habits, the customs, the costumes, too, of the
Swiss are more or less diverse. The canton of
Zug varies more from the canton of Neufchatel
than Massachusetts and South Carolina. The reli-
gion is Catholic and Protestant, and Protestant of
various creeds and characters, and yet in that re-
public no effort whatsoever has ever been made by
that republican people to have homogeneous insti-
tutions or one people alike in all respects as to
their character. Then there is Great Britain, that
vast empire which stretches from the arctic re-
gions of the north to the Ganges arid the Himalaya
mountains, and which embraces even in India
over a hundred million people; what empire is
more tolerant than that in its diverse and varied
institutions? There is Catholic Canada, with
French institutions yet existing there, and with
no right of trial by jury among many portions of
the people of Canada. In India there are diverse
and innumerable religions and peoples; the Hin-
doos, the Brahmins, the Sepoys. I should but
consume time were I even to enumerate them.
No nation has been more tolerant of religion, of
prejudices^ of politics and passion than the Brit-
ish people have been. This vast empire of Britain
has only been maintained by the tolerant spirit
of the British Parliament and the British Govern-
ment extending throughout the whole earth, in
i all the varied domains of that vast empire. No
! effort has ever been made in England by any edict
