1884.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ad
of the British Parliament at any time, or on any
occasion, to have a homogeneous people. There
is no centralization, no consolidation there. Even
when the Sepoy went to war, civil war, against
the empire of Great Britain, because he was com-
pelled to bite greased cartridges contrary to hisre-
hgion, the empire and authorities of Gieat Britain
respected the miserable prejudices of the Sepoy,
abolished the order, and restored peace through-
out all that vast empire.
Mr. KASSON. Will the gentleman allow me
one word? If I understand the direction of his
argument, it relates to the necessity of the aboli-
tion of slavery in order to result in the homo-
geneity of the American people. In connection
with his review of European systems, 1 ask him
to explain, if he can consistently with his theory,
why it has been found necessary in England, and
France,and Denmark, and Russia,and Holland.,
to abolish the institution of slavery iu order to
establish satisfactorily to them what they con-
sider the homogeneity of their institutions?
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman cannot yet
comprehend the whole course of my argument,
but I will answer his question by saying, so far
as Great Britain is concerned, that, in my judg-
ment, slavery was abolished in her distant British
West India colonies mainly to destroy this
country and to rend this Union, and for no other
purpose. [Laughter on the Republican side of
the House.]
Mr. KAbSON. How with Franco, and Don-
mark, and Holland, and Russia5
Mr. BROOKS. The system of servitude which
exists in Russia is not slavery* The people there
are not slaves; they are adscripts glebw—servants
belonging to the soil—and that system has been
changed, or is being slowly changed gradually,
and not by civil war. Butthose institutions were
not abolished in order to make or unmake the
homogeneity of institutions in Europe, but for
other purposes. It would divert mc too far, how-
over, from the line of my argument to enter upon
that point now.
But, sir, [ was about to say that not only
throughout the vast empire of Great Britain there
existed none of this homogeneity of institutions,
but that even in the little islands of Great Britain
and Ireland there was no homogeneity there.
There is the Celt who speaks one tongue across the
Irish Channel; there is the Welshman who looks
over across that Channel, and speaking another
tongue; then there are Englishmen with their vu-i-
ous dialects in Lancashire and Yorkshire and in
other counties; and there are the Gaels in Scotland
who speak a language utterly incomprehensible
to the great mass of the English people. Any man
who has traveled over that country, as I did
twenty-five years ago with a pack upon my back,
throughout the whole of Lancashire and York-
shire and those border counties, can bear testi-
mony to this fact, that in a day's or half a day's
travel among the people in that part of the coun-
try, you pass among men whos^ institutions not
only differ far more than the institutions of the
North and the South, but you go among a people
speakingalanguage notonly incomprehensible to
you, but to those who are upon their borders.
Thus any traveler who passes beyond the Low-
lands, perhaps with some Lody of the Lake for
his guide-book, into the Highlands nf Scotland,
will soon find that as he goes north from Stirling
castle he goes among a foreign people, with for-
eign institutions, speaking tongues far different
fiom those of the great majority of the English
people. The wise people of England, the wise
Government of England have never attempted
to have homogeneity of institutions; not only
throughout their vast empire, but even in_ their
own little islands, they have respected the rights,
the privileges, the prerogatives of the Welsh, the
Celts, the Gaels, and the other varieties of men
throughout all parts of England, and it is only by
this spirit of toleration, this noble spirit of toler-
ation, this worthy conciliatory spirit of the nation
that that vast empire of England has been able to
stretch its power beyond its own little domain all
over the earth, encircling the globe, as has been
well said, by the beat of its drums that greet the
rising of the morning sun. ^
Homogeneity never existed throughout the
vast Roman empire, it was not attempted oy the
dictators of Rome; and it never was attempted
subsequently by the emperors of Rome. But
autonomy, or self-independence, was the principle
on which the great Roman empire was reared and
maintained, and not only so, but it was the only
principle on which that Government was enabled
to sustain itself in its vast aggregation of territory.
When Julius Ceesar conquered the Gauls he did
not take away from the barbarian people of Gaul
their local institutions, their self-government, the
government of their chieftains. He left all that to
them. And when Pompey invaded the Asiatic
cities and subjected them to the Roman empire,
he left to those Asiatic cities the government and
control of their own local institutions; and their
self-government in that manner attached them to
the empire. To the lonians were reserved their
archons and prytanes; to the Dorians, their
ephori and cosmi; ay,to all the Grecian cities and
States, more or less, their local institutions, their
magistrates, their self-government, their peculiar
institutions. Coining was allowed to some; fis-
cal regulations to others. Confederations were
allowed to exist in Greece long after the domina-
tion of the Roman empire. There was not only
the well-known Amphictyonic, but the Panionian,
the Bceotian, the Achaean. Autonomy, asfar as
possible, homogeneity seldom, if ever, was the
Roman rule. The self-government of the sub-
ject States was as much as possible preserved.
Their local institutions were maintained and in-
vigorated. And it was by the preservation of their
self-government, and of those local institutions,
that the vast empire of Rome was maintained for
so many years, and was perpetuated from age to
age, often even under the worst of emperors.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I would like to ask the
gentleman from New York whether he did not
state in this House at the last session that the in-
stitution of slavery was dead 111 this country.
Mr. BR.OOK3. I stated in the opening of my
remaiks that 1 have nothing to unsay in what 1
said in that speech.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I would like a distinct
answer to the question which I put.
Mr. BROOKS. My speech is on record; and
I have not a word to take buck of it.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Will the gentleman allow
me a single moment?
Mr. BROOKS. Certainly.
Mr. BOUTWELL. If the statement of the
gentleman at last session be a fact, that the insti-
tution of slavery is dead, 1 would like to know
how any action of the Government can affect the
local institution of slavery in this countrv.
Mr. BROOKS. Then why should you try to
kill a dead body? |
Mr. STEVENS. But we ought to bury it lest I
it become noxious. !
Mr. BROOKS. But that is no reason why we
should have awake over it. The whole country
has become intoxicated on thissubjectof slavery,
and m the midst of that intoxication this civil
war is kept up.
I am calling .the attention of the House, Mr.
Chairman, to these historical facts because they
are perfectly applicable to our limes, and to our
day. History but repeats itself. There is but
little newin the history of man. Man butrepeats
over what preceding man lias done. I wasabout
to say, when interrupted, that the great Augustus
C-csar, whose cmpue stietched in the west from
the pilhtrsof Hercules to iheTignsand Euphrates
in theeast, from the hundred-gated Thebes in the
south to the UltimaThnle of Butnin in the north,
embracing an empire so vast that Ovid wrote of it,
"when Jupiter looked out from the portals of
heaven he saw nothing but what was Roman,"
nil nisi Romanuni; thatgreatfounder of the Roman
empire over millions of human beings, that wise
and wonderful man, never attempted any homo-
geneity of institutions. Bat, throughout all that
vast territory, as far as was possible,there wasleft
to the people ofthe empire theirautouomy or self-
government, their local institutions. The Par-
thian, the Indian, the Scythian, the Sarmatian,
the Briton, the Egyptian, each and all had re-
served to them their local institutions, their local j
religions, their local governments. The gods of j
Egypt and the gods of Gaul, the gods of Athens i
and the gods of Asia, were worshiped, if not in j
the Capitol of Rome, at least in its close vicin- j
ity. And Augustus Caesar himself caused sacri- j
fice to be offered in the holy temple of the living !
God, in Jerusalem. Ail religions, all policies, ;
more or less, were tolerated, on iy m subordination i
to the great head of the empire at Rome. And it
was the foundation of that empire in-the spirit of
toleration that kept it together for hundreds and
hundreds of years, and which made the name of
Caesar illustrious, not only throughoutthat whole
land, but sent down that name immortal to all
posterity as the name for czars and kaisers inthl
royal houses of kings and emperors.
I repeat, then, that if we pay attention to the
teachings, to these examples of history, we must
see that homogeneity is not a possible condi-
tion for a great people. Centralization, cohsol- •
idation, are the English words which we substi-
tute for the term homogeneity. Centralization
and consolidation is nothing but unlimited des-
potism. There is no freedom for the people, no
self-government, no municipal government, no
household government, no family government
under such a system. There is no other govern-
ment worthy of a free people; there is no other
government which can maintain the rights and
prerogatives of the people but one which shall be
founded on some other principle than that of con-
solidation and centralization. It was not possible
for Rome; it was not possible for Athens; it will
not be possible for the government ut Washing-
ton, with all the tclescopes which they may mount
upon the highest pinnacles in this city, to look
over the vast territory from Passamaquoddy to
the Rio Grande and Oregon, and to regulate the
local rights and privileges of the millions and mil-
lions of people that not only exist now, but are
hereafter to exist throughout this vast territory.
Even the Puritans taught us better lessons than
consolidation and centralization, though theirsons
have forgotten that lesson. Liberty was cradled
in their municipal institutions; and liberty is cra-
dled in the family, in the county, the town, the city,
and the State,and not in the federal central Govern-
ment. The federal Government is to maintain
liberty, but it is not its birthplacc, its cradle, its
nursing mother. For the cradle of human liberty,
I repeat, is in the household, in the family, in the
home, in the city, the county, and the State; and
wherever other institutions, the product of cen-
tralization or consolidation, exist, as in Prance
or in Russia, there must exist despotism.
Mr. L. MYERS. Will the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Brooks] permit me to ask him
a question ?
Mr. BROOKS. Certainly.
Mr. L. MYERS. I should like to know if at
the last session the gentleman did not tell us that
we were taught intolerance by the Puritans.
Mr. BROOKS. That may be true. * But they
taught us many good things. They had some
virtues as well as faults. They were right in their
local institutions.
Now I have dwelt thus long upon this subject
in order to approach another topic, and that is to
say that if this homogeneity, this centralization is
persisted in, this war must go on until the subju-
gation of the South follows, In myjudgment no
two more fatal errors exist, or have existed, or can
exist, than that this is to be a short civil war, or
that our hitherto southern countrymen can ever
be subjugated to this empire of centralization and
consolidation. Civil wars are never short when
a people are in earnest,as the peopleof the North
and the people of the South are now; we, in
earnest for anti-slavery and consolidation; they,
in earnest, as thuy say, for the maintenance of
self-government. No war like that can be ended
in ninety days, or in a summer's campaign, but is
to be a war of years and years. Whatever we
may say of the South, the earnestness of that
people, their indomitable and furious character,
show that in a war to subjugate them extermi-
nation must follow.
All civil wars of like character, and waged with
like spirit, have lasted for years. The Pelopon-
nesian war lasted twenty-seven years, and ended
in the ruin of Greece. The civil wars of Rome
lasted for years and years. The warsof the houses
of York and Lancaster lasted thirty years. The
war of the German confedeiation hsted thirty
years; and for over forty yeais raged ihecivil war
in Holland and th« Netherlands, when an effort
was made by the Xviug of Spain, under the Duke
of Alva, to subjugate the people of Holland and
the Netheriundsto the Inquisition and taxation of
Spain. All history shows that our civil war is to
he long, if not endless, if it is to be conducted in
the spirit in which it is conducted now. It is not
