u
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
fourths of that time they have held the offices,
belh judicial arid executive. They made the
laws, apt! when it did not suit them any longer
to abide by those laws and by the Constitution
given to,us by our fathers they revolted, they
rebelled, and they took up arms against the Gov-
ernment. Where is the parallel between them and
the men of tbe Revolution3 There is a contrast
wide as the gulf between heaven and hell; but
there is no parallel at all.
Mr. Chairman, I have said more than I in-
tended to say on this matter. It does appear to
me that very little need be said upon it. There
is but one thing to be said of the true men of the
nation, I eare not by what name they may be
called. They are the men who stand up for the
flag of their country, and against oppression.
They are the men who, coming from all denom-
inations pf Christians and all parties, rally around
the flag of the Union,and who are determined to
carry forward this war to a successful termina-
tion, whatever it may cost, even though the insti-
tution of slavery shall go down with it.
On the other side are the apologists of slavery.
They are the men who cftim to be Union men,
but who, in all their speeches, all their actions,
§nd all their efforts, are forever finding fault with
what is done on the side of the Union, and by
Union men, while they have never a word against
treason, or traitors, or against Jeff. Davis's gov-
ernment. I think it is time that the people of the
United States, and particularly the men sent to
Congress to represent their constituents, through-
out the Iwigth and breadth of the land, should take
this matter in a different light. I think it is time
that they should rally together as one man, ami
that when speeches are to be made on this floor,
whether fn Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, or in the House, men shall talk loy-
ally, so that they shall be above suspicion; that
the words they have to say, if of cheer, shall be
for their own Government; and that their words
of condemnation shall not be for this Govern-
ment, but for the enemies of the country who are
in arms against that Government. When that
shall come about, and when the South shall be sat-
isfied that we stand as a unit, shoulder to shoulder,
hand to hand, eye to eye, in this matter; when
they see that we are determined that they shall go
down to the shades of oblivion, or shall obey the
laws of the land; when, 1 say, they are satisfied
of that, there will be no longer any rebellion in
the South. But just as long as they are satisfied
that they have friends at the North, and in the
national Capitol, just as long'as speeches are made
here which can be easily interpreted to mean that
the South is not wrong in its eourseof action, just
so long may the rebels be expected to have heart
and hope for the infamous and traitorous war they
are waging.
I have a hope, therefore—nay, it is only a half
hope—that hereafter the speeches to be made on
this floor by members on the other side of the
House will have a little more of the ring of the
true metal of patriotism unalloyed; that they will
contain words of cheer for their country and for
the brave men who are carrying the flag of freedom
in the forefront of advancing columns, charging
on the enemy in the.baule-field;and that they will
contain 110 words of cheer for those who are en-
deavoiing to destroy our civil and religious insti-
tutions.
Mr. SPALDING. I move that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speakerhaving
resumed the chair, Mr. Blaine reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had had under consideration the Union generally,
arid particularly the last annual message of the
President of the Ignited States, and had come to
no conclusion thereon.
POST OSEICB FINES.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from the Postmaster General, transmitting, in
compliance with an act of Congress approved
July 2, 1836, a report of nil fines imposed and de-
ductions from the pay of contractors for carrying
the mails during the preceding year; which was
laid on the table.
Tlie SPEAKER. By a law passed at the last
session this report is not to be printed except by
special order.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
twenty minutes past three o'clock, p. m.) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 15, 1864.
Prayer by Rev. Thomas Bowman, D. D. Chap-
lain to the Senate.
Hon. William A. Richardson, of Illinois,
appeared in his seat to-day.
The Journal ofyesterday was read andapproved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. W1LLEY presented the memorial of the
Franklin Insurance Company of Washington
city, District of Columbia, praying for an ex-
tension and amendment of its charter; which was
referred to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia.
Mr.WILSON presented thepetition ofCharles
K. Graham, a brigadier general in the army of the
James, and other officers, praying for an increase
of the pay proper, of the allowance for servants,
and of the price of the ration allowed to officers of
the Army; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. COWAN presented a petition of members
of the Cigar Makers' Union of Philadelphia,
praying for a repeal of the law taxing cigars, and
that the duties imposed thereon may be placed
upon the raw material; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. FOOT presented the petition of James B.
Royce, praying to be allowed the bounty of §100
provided by law in cases of discharge for disa-
bility occasioned by wounds received in battle;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
NAVAL FORCE ON TIIE LAKES.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Piesident of the United States be re-
quested, if notinconsl.steiit wit!) tile pilbhc interest, to fur-
nish to tilt; Senate any mtoimatinn on the files of tile De-
partment of St.tle eoneeniniK the paper published 111 tiie
volume of Treaties and entitled •'An .tenement between tiie
United States and Cirnt Britain, lietvveen Richard Rush,
Esq.,acting as Secietary of State, and Ohailes Bagot,her
Britatmie Majesty's envoy extraoidinary," relating to tiie
navai l'orce to be maintained upon tiie American lakes.
DISLOYAL GOVEKNMENT EMPLOYES.
■ Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I offer the following
resolution, and ask for its present consideration:
Hesolvctl, That tiie committee 011 the conductor the war
be instructed to mquiie as to tlie truth of the alleged charge
that large uumiHiiri of di-loyal poisons aie in tlie employ of
tiie Government in the vanous navy-vards and quartei mas-
ters' and ordnance depots tinomrfiout tlie country, to tiie
exclusion ot lu.val urn. with power on tlie part of said com-
mittee to send lor persons and papeiy.
Ey unanimous consent, the Senate proceeded
to consider tbe resolution.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to repeat a
statement that was made in my presence last night
to a large assembly of gentlemen in a public
speech, that a few days ago the son of a soldier
who had perished in a rebel prison applied at the
navy-yard in Philadelphia for employ ment, that
employment being necessary for the maintenance
of the family left by this soldier who had died of
starvation; that he was refused, while at the mo-
ment of his refusal there were thousands of dis-
loyal men in the employment of that navy-yard.
I make this statementin the heating of the chair-
man of the Committee on Naval Affairs and call
his attention to it. I ask for the passage of the
resolution.
Mr. CHANDLER. I would suggest to the
Senator from Kansas that perhaps he had better
take a special committee. This resolution will
open a very broad field of inquiry, and probably
a broader field than the committee on the con-
duct of the war can occupy during the present
session. If the Senator will ask for a special com-
mittee to make thisinvestigation, I shall certainly
vote for his resolution. The committee on the
conduct of the waris already instructed to inves-
tigate many very important matters, and prob-
J ably will not have time during the remainder of
| this shoit session to take up this great .subject,
i It is at the present moment under orders from the
two Houses of Congress to investigate perhaps as
much as it can possibly accomplish between now
and the 4th day of March.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. My object in offering
the resolution is to have this investigation and a
report made on the subject before the installation
of the new Administration. If there is such an
evil as':that referred to in the resolution, it ought
to be known and the policy of the Administration
to be changed, on its installation at least. I am
one of the men who believe that no Government
can be successfully administered unless it sur-
rounds itself by officeholders in sympathy with
it, and I want this report made before the 4th day
of March next, if it can be done.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I do notknow
that I have any peculiar confidence in the Admin-
istration, or any greater confidence than is pos-
sessed by any member of the Senate; but not-
withstanding that, I am perfectly willing to trust
the executive administration of the Government
to the President of the United States. If that ia
not done in the instance referred to by the honor-
able member from Kansas, it must be because he
is not advised of it, and the offering of the reso-
lution itself will bring the fact to his attention,
and will cause him, as I am sure he is himself
loyal, to see thatevery department of the Govern-
ment under his charge is properly and loyally ad-
ministered. What may be the fact in relation to
this particular navy-yard I am not advised of, nor
did 1 ever hearitquestioned until this moment by
the honorable Senator from Kansas; but I cer-
tainly understood, a day or two after the last
election, that every employe of that navy-yard
voted for the reelection of the piesent incumbent
of the presidential chair. That, I suppose, is
some evidence of loyalty, as the converse of the
proposition is, with some, supposed to be true,
that those who did not so vote are to he consid-
ered as disloyal.
What I object to is, that we should, as a Sen-
ate, interfere with what I think is a peculiar duty
of the executive department. Suppose the in-
vestigation turns out as the honorable member
supposes it may be, and we express an opinion.
That has no legal binding bearing upon the Pres-
ident of the United States. He mayor may not
disregard it, either because he thinks it imma-
terial or because he does not concur in the con-
clusion to which your.committee may come; and
if, upon either ground, he refuses, what are you
to do? Are you to go to the other House and
suggest that he be impeached, when, by doing so,
you, in advance, pronounce a judgment against
him upon that subsequentpossible impeachment?
The Government, according to my understand-
ing of the relations 111 which the depai tments stand
to each other, cannot get on unless each is left to
the full and fair and unimpeded discharge of its
sepaiate official duties. And while 1 know that
the Senate of the United States, now and ever,
when the honor of the country has been at stake,
has never failed in loyalty or in patriotism, and
is especially patriotic at the present time, I am
willing to believe, and I do believe, that in that
particular they are not at all supeiior to the Exec-
utive of the United States. He is equally loyal
and equally patriotic. Whatever differences of
opinion I might entertain in relation to him and
his policy, are differences wholly irrespective of
the question whether he is loyal or not loyal. I
never doubted it from the beginning of his ad-
ministration; 1 do not doubt it now; and I have
no reason to suppose that I shall be brought to
doubt it hereafter. Bntwhat 1 protest is,that we
should, not at his instance, but apparently as
against his conduct, constitute a committee for
the purposa,of getting the material by which we
are to control his administration in the future.
The honorable member talks of inaugurating a
new Administration on the 4th of March. Who
is to inaugurate it? What authonty have we
over the manner in which that Administration
shall conduct theaffairsof the nation except what
the Constitution gives? Try him if he comes
before us properly under the provisions of the
Constitution, by an impeachment presented by
the House of Representatives; try him only; not
in advance pronounce a judgment, holding him
up before the people of tlie United States ashav-
ing been already recreant to his duty.
Mr. Piesident, the condition of the country
now requires forbearance upon the part of every
