1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
45
roomier who is here in ihe council of the Gov-
ernment—forbeaianceand confidence. The dread-
ful civii strife m which we have been unpaged
now for neatly four years is going on, when to
teiminate God only knows. That it will term-
mate «t some future day, and terminate so as to
bring about a restored Union and a peace such as
•will be permanent, I have no doubt now, as I
never have had a doubt, provided the councils of
the country, legislative and executive, are tiue to
their own constitutional duty; and I am far from
suspecting that the President of the United States
will in either particular which 'falls within the
hypothetical condemnation of this resolution fail
to be true to his duty,
Mr. LAN E, of Kansas. Mr. President, I have
adopted this plan for the purpose of bringing the
information 10 the attention of the President, be-
lieving that he will remedy it when it is shown
him. There is no bettei way to furnish it to him
than through a committee of this body.
Forbearance, the honorable Senator from Mary-
land suggests ' Forbearance to employ disloyal
men in our nnvy-yauls to the exclusion of loyal
men! Forbearance ceases to be a virtue when car-
ried thus far. In my opinion,sir, Congress itself is
not without a remedy. 1 am one of tin1 men who
believe that a navy-yard that cannot be l mi with-
out the employment of disloyal men should be
abated. I am one of the men who believe that
any position that lias to be filled by a disloyal man
should be abolished. Having entire confidence in
the loyalty of the President, it is with no other
view than to bring this existing evil to his atten-
tion in a tangible form that i have introduced the
resolution, and I trust it will be adoptetf.
The resolution was adopted.
.MESSAGE I'ROII THE HOUSE.
A message from the floutse of Representatives,
by Mr. MoPhuuson, its Clerk, announced that
the House hud passed the bill ot the Senate (No.
350) to authorize the pmchase or construction of
revenue cutters on the lakts.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the following bill of the Senate with
an amendment in which U requested the concur-
red e of the Senate:
A bill (No. 329) for the relief of William II.
Jameson, a paymaster in the United States Army.
The rm-ssa^e also announced that the House
of Representatives had passed the folio wing bills,
in which it requested the concurrence of the Sen-
ate:
A lull (No. 583) to amend the twenty-first sec-
tion of an net entitled "An act to d'-fme the pay
and emoluments of certain officers of the Arrnv,
and for other purposes,'" approved July 17, 1862;
and
A bill (No. 536) to drop from the rolls of the
Army unemployed general officers.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGN ED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
entoilt'd joint resolution (H. R. No. 123) to cor-
rect certain clerical errors in the Internal Revenue
act, and it was thereupon signed by the President
pro tempore.
ADJOUK>.-UENT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. FOOT, it was
Or<leie<l, That when the Senate adjourn to-day it be to
meet on Monday next.
RAIDS FROM TIIE BRITISH PROVINCES.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire now to call up the
resolutions 1 ottered yesterday i$ order to move
their leference to a committee, if Senators will
permit the reference to be made unanimously,
without debate, I am perfectly willing to wave
debate, but if it is desired to enter on a discussion
of the subject now, I atn prepared to do that. I
will first move to take up the one m relation to the
Canada frontiers.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution:
Whereas iaid& have been oujamzed in the Canadas and
Nova Scotia, and men enlisted m said Hutisli piovinees by
men pin poi mi<  tu held cntium>?ioim from the r< bels of the
United States, for the pmpos.e of robbing and muidering
peaceable Citizen-? of the United States, of burning cities
and villages, oi p.iaiieaily capturing meichant vessel-! and
mutdeuny then eo,\v*, and for a g-'neial bjs-tem ot'murder,
aivon, lobbeucs. and plunder of the peaceable and unarmed
citizen- of the United States; and whereas the people ot
the Biuish piovinceh &eem disposed to protect the&e thieves,
lobber?, incendiaries, pirates, and murderers, riot only in
their individual capacities, but by the quibbles ol the law:
Therefore,
Resolved, That the, Committee on Military Affairs be di-
rected to mqtitie into the expediency of immediately enlist-
ing an Army coi ps to watch and defend oui territory border-
ing on the lakrs and Canadian line lrom all hostile demon-
stiatioiu and ineutsion?..
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move ita reference
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to suggest to my
fliend that it should be referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not objectto that.
The PRESiDENTpro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator so modify his motion ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. If it is allowed to go in that
direction I shall have nothing to say; otherwise I
misht have something to say upon it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the resolution bo referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
RECLAMATION ON GREAT BRITAIN.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move to take up
the other lesolution that I ofRred yesterday.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution:
Whereas at the commencement of the present rebellion
the United Stales.; weie at peace with all the Governments
oftlw world, and upon terms ofcoimt> and good-will With
Gieat Britain ; and wht r<;u.-> that nation, before the arrival
on her mh) of our minister accteditod by the administration
of Pi evident liineoln, precipitately acknowledged the rebels
as belligetent^ thn* recognizing their flag upon the ocean,
without which recognition it would have been regaided and
tieated as piratical by all other I'oweis; and whereas she
then proclaimed perfect neutrality between a Republic with
which she had emuit.nncd luendly lelation* for upward
ot a halt century and jt-tieasonabfi'Mibjects ; and whereas
numbers of her .subject*, with the knowledge ot her Gov-
ernment. commenced tilting out British fiu-t sailing ships,
loaded with munition* of war. for the puipo^e of i unnin«
into oni blockaded poit* to the rebel*, lliu* tuinifhuiy them
tfie mean* of organizing and continuing the rebellion, and
w uhout whieh it could nut have mi-1.lined it-elfsix months;
and whetea*, in addition to the above, and with the knowl-
edge of the CovernmeiM, Bjih&h subjects and members of
Parliament engaged in the manufacture ot piratical English
ship^, owned by iintuh Mibjott*, manned by IJiitish sea-
men. and tailing undei J>titish colors, for the purpose of
burning, deploying, and utteily driving 1'ioiri the ocean all
peaceful mciehaut vessels sailing undei the United States
llag; and wheiea^ many private and unaimed American
ships have been burned and destroyed by these pirateMroiu
l>nti>h port5;, thus causing great loss and damage to the
ciu/.en i of the United State*: Therefoio,
Rrsoh e<l, That the sjeci etary oi State be mstiucted iiniTio-
di.itely to make out a list oi each ship <ind cargo thus de-
stroyed, Willi a l.iu and M.p.u.ite valuation thereof, and
int-'iest thereon at the rate ot s,x per cent, pei annum, fioin
the date ot capture oi desmiction to the date of presenta-
tion, and that he he directed to demand iioiu the British
Government payment m lull lor all bhips and caigoe*. de-
sitroved as aloresaid.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that this
resolution take the same direction as the other.
The motion was agreed to; and the resolution
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations.
ENROLLMENT OF MILITIA.
Mr. BROWN. I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affahs and
the Militia be, and they aie hetoby, instructed to ntqniie
into the expediency oi so amending the act oi Congit&aof
March 8, 1792, entitled "An act more effectually to pro-
vide loi the national detense by establishing a unnonn
militia throughout the United Slates," and aI o the several
act* ninendatoiy of the same, as bha'l provide for the en-
lollment of ail male citizens between the ages of eighteen
and loity-rive, lesident in the respective States, without
re-pect to coloi; and alao to submit such otlu r piovisions
a- may tend more efficiently to oiganize the militia system
ot the United States, and lepoit hy bill or otherwise.
As this is simply a resolution of instruction to
the committee to inquire into the expediency of
passing a law on this subject, I will ask for its
present consideration.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
ALEXANDER J. ATOCHA. *
Mr. FOSTER. 1 move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No. 281.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. 3No. j
231) for the relief ot Alexander J. Atocha was !
read a second time and considered as in Commit- i
tee of the Whole. It directs the Court ot Claims ;
to examine into the claims of Alexander J. Atocha
against the Govurnmentof Mexico for losses sus-
tained by him by reason of his expulsion from
that republic in 1845, and to fix and determine
their amount; and when the loss or damage so
sustained is adjudicated and determined by the
court, it is to be paid to him, provided theamount
so to be paid shall in no event exceed the balance
of the $3,250,000 provided hy thefifteenth article
of the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo for the pay-
ment of claims of citizens of the United States
against the Government of Mexico which- still
remains unapplied to that object.
Mr. FOSTER. The bill does not propose to
appropriate any money. It proposes to authorize
the petitioner to have h'is claim heard and adjudi-
cated by the Court of Claims, and if they should
find any amount due, that amount is to be paid if
it shall not exceed the sum already provided in
the fifteenth article of the treaty referred fointhe
bill set apart for*the payment of this class of
claims. The Committee on Foreign Relations,
without undertaking to determine whether any
amount was due to the petitioneror not, were sat-
isfied, and I believe unanimously satisfied, that
there was at least merit enough m the claim to
have it heard before the proper court, t hope,
therefore, the bill will be allowed to pass.
Mr. GOLLAMER. By the treaty of Guada-
lupe Hidalgo with Mexico, the United States
undertook to pay the claims which existed in
favor of our citizens against Mexico, provided
they did not exceed the sum of $3,000,000—I
think that was the sum. Whatever there is of
that sum remaining in the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States is the property of the United States,
unless it becomes necessary to pay just claims
due our citizens from Mexico. This bill con-
tains an appropriation to be paid out of that
money. The justice of it all depends upon
whether this is a just claim. The commissioners
created by the tieaty for the purpose of settling,
auditing, and allowing these claims, have long
since performed that duty, and all claims that
they found to be just have been paid. 1 do not
know whether this claim was ever adjudicated
upon by them or not; but if it was, it was rejected,
as it has not been paid. I do not know what rea-
son is given why the claim wag not presented
and adjudicated and settled there.
But, sir, I desiie more particularly to call atten-
tion to the expression made use of in this bill:
" That the Court of Claims be and the said court is hereby
directed to examine into the claims of Alexander J. Atocha
against the Government of Mexico for losses sustained by
him by reason of his expulsion trom that republic in 1845.
and to fix and determine the amount of the same; and
that the loss or damage so sustained, beint; adjudicated
and determined by said court, the same shall be paid," &c.
That, as I understand the words, does not ask
of the court to inquire into the merits of the claim.
It directs the court to ascertain theamount which
the man suffered by being sent out of Mexico,
without saying whether his being sent out was
i ight or wiong. That has been the great issue in
the case of Atocha. it was always insisted by
Mexico that this was no just claim against her;
that she had a right to remove him in the relation
in which he stood and the manner in which he
conducted himself; that she did remove him, and
had the right to remove him, and that there was
no just claim about it at all. Now it is proposed
to take up this claim which the commissioners
of Mexico when they were sitting with ours dis-
allowed, disclaimed, and never agreed to, and,as
I understand the bill, to direct the Court of Claims
to ascertain how much that man suffered by being
sent out of thethen republic of Mexico ata certain
time, and then, the amount being so adjudicated,
it is to be paid, when the merits of it, or whether
he was properly or improperly sent out of Mexico,
is not by the bill submitted to the court at all. So
far as my recollection of it goes, the very essence
of the-case is not so much in regatd to the amount,
us the merits of the claim upon Mexico as falling
within the terms of our treaty. Iam not prepared
at this moment to submit an amendment to the
bill, but if we submit the question at all to the
Court of Claims, I desire that some phraseology
may be used by which we shall submit it upon
the merit that belongs to it, and not merely the
amount which they might find resulting from his
being sent from that country.
Mr. FOSTER. The object of the committee
was directly to arrive at the result suggested by
the Senator from Vermont, and to have the court
instructed to inquire into this case—not merely
into the amount of damage or loss sustained by
Mr. Atocha, but into the question of the merits
