THE COMfctiSSiMAi GLOBE. "
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY F. & J. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C. *
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1865.
New Series...;.No..52.
This was twenty-two years after the grant of the
exclusive privilege to the Camden and Amboy
Railroad Company. I beg leave (for I consider
it important) to call the attention of the Senate to
the charter of this company for the purpose of
showing what they had a light to do. I refer to
the sixth section of the act of incorporation. I
will not read the whole of it;
"That the president and directors of the said company
be, and they hereby are, authorized and invested with all
the rights and powers necessary and expedient to survey,
lay out, and construct, a railroad from some suitable point
on the Raritan bay, eastward of the village of Keyport, in
the county of Monmouth, to the village ot Tom's River, in
the county of Ocean; and thence, through the counties of
Octtari and Burlington, to May's Landing, in the county of
Atlantic ; thence, through the counties ot Atlantic and Cape
May, to Cape Island, on theAtlantic ocean
the extreme southern point of our State; and the
general line was to be along the coast, the object
being to establish a coast road. That was the
line and the general course and direction of the
road as pointed out by the charter. The tenth sec-
tion says what they may do:
" That the president and directors of the said corporation
Bhall have power to have constructed, or to purchase with
the funds of the corpoiation, and to place on the said rail-
road, all machinery, engines, cars, wagons, carriages, or
vehicles, tor the transportation of persons or property, and
also suitable and safe boats at the several terminating
points of the said load ; and they are hereby authorized
to demand and receive such sum or sums of moneyfor the
transportation of persons and property theieon, as they,
fiom tune to time, shall think reasonable and proper."
They were authorized to construct a road from
Raritan bay, ata pointeast of the village of Key-
port, which was in the neighborhood, nearer the
Atlantic ocean than the terminus of the Camden
and Amboy road, and they were to run the gen-
eral course of their road along the coast through
the villages of Tom's River and May's Landing
down to Cape May; and they were to carry pas-
sengers and freight along the line of that road over
and upon it. They accepted this charier twenty*
two years after the grant of the exclusive privilege
to the Camden and Amboy railroad, with full
knowledge of it; and in thus accepting it, with
full knowledge of the laws of the State, and with
a full understanding of the effect of them, they
must be considered, in law and in common sense,
to be bound by the acceptance of their charter
and their contract with the State under such cir-
cumstances.
Hut, sir, I may mention another fact. In the
year 1854, the same year that this company was
chartered, the Legislature of the State of New
Jersey, at the very same time that it granted this
charter, for the purpose of defining and declaring
their intention and limiting this exclusive privilege
to the Camden and Amboy Company, and as it
would seem to have been a part of the understand-
ing at the time that they granted to the Raritan
and Delaware Bay railroad their charter, by an act
declared that they reaffirmed this exclusive grant
to the Camden and Amboy Company, declaring it
to be their intent to protect it until the year 1869,
and then to end it.
In view of this recital of legislative history, and
in view of these facts, in view of the fact that this
company thus accepted their charter twenty-two
years after that exclusive grant, with full knowl-
edge of it, from the same Legislature which then
reaffirmed this exclusive grant for the period of
some fourteen years longer, I ask, in law and in
morals, are they not bound, atleastso far as they
are concerned, by the action of the Legislature of
their own State? Can the Congress of the Uni-
ted States say that a company who have thus
accepted a charter under such circumstances can
cut loose, or be allowed to cut loose, from all the
conditions, restrictions, and limitations imposed
upon them by their charter, and to run a line in
direct competition with that road which they knew
and understood had this exclusive privilege for a
certain period of time? This company accepted
its charter subject to these conditions and limita-
tions imposed upon it by the laws of New Jersey,
and which were involved in its charter, and in a
matter solely within the jurisdiction of the Slate;
and I claim it is as much bound by that contract as
52
if it had been spread upon the very act of incor-
poration by which their powers were created; and
they can no more violate it with impunity than
they can violate a letter found within their char-
tered privilege itself.
1 have one other document to refer to for the
purpose of a more complete understanding of this
matter; and it is a little map of my own State. I
do not know that anybody will feel a sufficient
degree of interest to look at it, but it will show
the nature and history of this controversy per-
haps more clearly than it can be shown by any
words of mine. The Camden and Amboy Com-
pany-have a charter to start their road frdm Rar-
itan bay—they have started it from Perth Amboy
—and to run it to Camden, opposite Philadelphia.
This dark line upon the map [exhibiting it to the
Senate j shows the line of that road, which is pretty
generally direct, running northeastand southwest.
That was chartered in 1830. In 1852 the Camden
and Atlantic road, to which I have referred, was
chartered, to start opposite Camden, in the State
of New Jersey, and to run southeast to a point
on the coast, with the privilege of building the
little roads to which 1 have referred, six miles
north to Batsto, and another six miles south to
May's Landing. In 1854 the Raritan and Dela-
ware Bayfrailroad was chartered, and that was
authorize'd to commence at a point east of Key-
port, and they have commenced at Fort Mon-
mouth, and to run down along the coast through
the village of Tom's River to May's Landing,
continuing along the coast to Cape May; and by
a supplement to their charter, passed in 1855,
they were authorized to connect with any other
road in Maryland or Virginia which might be
incorporated for the purpose of carrying on a
line of travel along the whole line of our Atlantic
coast. Subsequently,within two or three years,
as appears by testimony to which I can refer,
the Camden and Atlantic Railroad Company have
built, or allowed to be built, as it is alleged, by
the Raritan and Delaware Bay Railroad Com-
pany, this lateral road on the north side of their
track, commcncing at a point eighteen miles east
of Philadelphia and running in a northeasterly
direction to a place called Atsion. By a supple-
ment to the charter of the Raritan and Delaware
Bay railroad in 1855, they were authorized to de-
flect their line so as to leave Tom's Rtver to the
east, but they were not to depart from the general
line of their road. Under these circumstances,
having secured that supplement to their charter,
and having obtained the consent of the Camden
and Atlantic railroad to construct a part of this
Batsto road to a point at Atsion, they themselves
have deflected their road, and instead of coming
down to May's Landing they have built it far to
the west, some eight or ten miles to Atsion, and
have commenced and are now running, or were
running, passengers and freight along the line of
that road to Atsion, then on the Camden and At-
lantic railroad, and so to Philadelphia, abandon-
ing, or not prosecuting, the route of road which
they were chartered to use, and which was the
sole and only design, as I shall show, in obtaining
theircharter, if the evidence which has been taken
before one of the courts of New Jersey is to be
relied upon.
Thus the matter stood until about two years
ago. The Camden and Amboy road had been
operating for a period of thirty years. It was
found about two years ago that by means of these
confederated companies passengers were being
carried from New York to Philadelphia on the
route of that " elbow" road, consisting of three
different roads. A bill was filed in our court of
chancery settingup these facts. I shall not dwell
upon it further than to give the Senate an idea of
the facts. It was stated that the Raritan and
Delaware Bay Railroad Company, in connection
with the Camden and Atlantic Railroad Company,
were carrying passengers and freight between
New York and Philadelphia, and deflected
the line of their road contrary to law, and an in-
junction was prayed for. The RTarrtan and Del-
aware Bay Railroad Company came in by their
president and their officers and answered. I w$l
quote from the opinion of the Chancellor som6 of
the things they admitted: J
" They admit that the road as constructed diverges alwjjt
ten miles from the .direct route to May's Landing, butisay
that the location by way of Atsion, as at present loeatedj^s
the most feasible, expedient, and proper location for tho
railroad contemplated in the actof incorporation, and that
the direct route from Squankum to May's Landing was sur-
veyed by direction of the company and found to he im-
practicable, and that the terminus of the Batsto branch
(which forms the connecting link between the two.roads)
af Jackson is the most convenient and proper poijit on Cft'e
Camden and Atlantic road from which to make "a branch
solely for a local road. They deny that any agreement
has been made or is intended to be made for the transpor-
tation of freight or passengers between the cities of New
York and Philadelphia. They admit that they and the
Camden and Atlantic Railroad Company have iinvicw the
construction and perfecting, by means of their, respective
railroads and a convenient connection between them, of a
continuous and converuentlme of railway communication
across New Jersey from the city of Camden to Port IVtori-
mouth, but they deny that they or any of them have in
view tile continuation of said line, at either end thereof,
by steamboat transportation to the citiesof" N«vv York and
Philadelphia for the purpose of Rising the same for the trans-
portation ot passengers* or merchandise in a mannfer which
will violate any contract between the State and the com-
plainants, or any provisions of the aets of the Legislature re-
ferred to in the complainants' bill. They also deny that
any contract or arrangement made by them is calculated
or intended to form a continuous line of railway commu-
nication between the said cities to compete in business
with the business of the complainants contrary to their
vested rights. They admit that it is possible, if not pro-
hibited by law, that a line of communication'by railroad
and steamboat between the cities of New York and Phila-
delphia might be opened, but they s.ay that their railroad is
not a public highway and cannot so be used without their
concurrence and consent, and as they have made no ar-
rangement whatsoever so to use the same, and do not in-
tend any unlawful use of their road, such use if unlawful
cannot be made, and if attempted can be restrained by the
couits. They also deny that they intend in any way to
violate the chartered righ ts of the complainants, or that they
intend during their existence to violate any of the alleged
exclusive privileges of the complainants."
Upon the denial of all the equities contained in
the bill, the Chancellor refused to grant the in-
junction. He said that upon this denial, complete
and full, no injury had been done, or was done,
to the Camden and Amboy Company; and, with
respect to the change of their road, that was'
matter the Camden and Amboy Company had
nothing to do with; it was a matter for the At-
torney General of the State to see to, in case they
were notusing or exercising their privileges rightly
and correctly in respect to location.
Very soon afterward it was found that this Rari-
tan and Delaware Bay Railroad Company was act-
ually transporting passengers and freight across
these connecting roads, between New York and.
Philadelphia, and a supplemental bill was filed
and testimony taken to establish the fact. Tho
cause was heard before the Chancellor. The fact
was notdenied or disputed; and 1 will read a por-
tion of the opinion of the Chancellor to show
what decision he made on the question. The bill
was filed by the Delaware and Raritan Canal and
Camden and Amboy Railroad and Transportation
Companies against the Camden and AtlamicRail-
road Company, the Raritan and Delaware Bay
Railroad Company, and others. The Chancellor
says:
"The complainants' rights are clear and unquestioned.
They have been in the actual enjoyment oC.their franchise
for more than thirty yeais. The defendants, by using or
permitting their roads to be used foi the estabh&hiueut of a
through route for the transportation of freight and passen-
gers between the cities of New York and Philadelphia
have exceeded the powers conferred upon them, and inter-
fered with the rights and the property of the complainants.
There is nothing in the charters of the defendant corpora-
tions, or of either of them, which expressly or by implica-
tion confers the power of establishing such route or the
franchise of taking tolls thereon. The Legislatuie cannot
be presumed to have intended or contemplated any grant
inconsistent with the manifest design of the charters of the
defendants."
And the Chancellor enjoined this company in
the use of these roads for the purpose of trans-
porting freightand passengers between New York
and Philadelphia, manifestly contrary to the ob-
ject and intent of their charter, and to the very
express declaration made by themselves under
oath within a year before that they had no such
intention whatever.
Now 1 appeal to this Senate, composed as it ia
