818
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
in part of lawyers, whether this opinion is wrong.
If it is, why not remove the case to the Supreme
Goart of the United States for the purpose of ju-
dicial investigation and decision? Why appeal
to Congress to override the laws and decisions of
my State, even if she be in the condition referred
to by the Senator from Massachusetts? This Sen-
ate is composed of men who have too high a re-
gard for their own duties to disregard well-known
and well-established principles of law and jus-
tice, even to strike ata State which has been char-
acterized as New Jersey has been on this floor.
The courts will have to settle this question atlast.
Pass this bill, and it will be a subject-matter for
judicial investigation. Why not then suffer the
matter to be determined and investigated upon the
decree of the Chancellor of the State of New Jer-
sey in the case now made up and which has been
before him and upon which he has rendered a de-
cision ? '
Again, why seek to change the character of this
bill from what it was at the time of its introduc-
tion, a special bill against my State, and my State
alone, and make it general, expansive, reaching
to all the States of this Union ? Surely it serves
only tomake the matter worse. Being more uni-
versal, it affects all the States, and, 1 submit, in
many ways not intended by Senators. I show
you how it will affect my State. This bill which
has passed the House will affect it as injuriously
and prejudicially as the bill first introduced into
the House.
I have no interest in either of these roads. I
have not a dollar of their stock, and never had
any, and do not suppose that I shall ever be able
to own any of it. But, sir, I have an interest in
the honor and dignity of the State of New Jer-
sey, and I call upon Senators as the representa-
tives of sister States to stand by and protect one
of the original States of this Union, one of the old
thirteen, in her rights, and I ask nothing more.
Senators, how will this question affect your
own States ? How will it affect the State of Mas-
sachusetts in reference to the railroad from Boston
to Lowell, mentioned in the case that has been
decided and reported in 2 Gray's Massachusetts
Reports, and which has been referred to by the
Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale?]
How will it affectother roads? Although exclu-
sive privileges conferred upon railroad companies
are not very common, there are quite a number to
be foundin the States of this Union outsideeven of
the State of New Jersey and the State of Massa-
chusetts. Pass this bill, and you willconfer upon
State corporations powers not conferred upon
them by their charters; powers they never asked
for; powers they contracted never to use; powers
which it has been decided by the courts they are
not entitled to, and which are contrary to law;
powers to carry passengers and freight and do
business between points and places contrary to
their charlers and restricted by their contracts en-
tered into with the States themselves.
But it is said by the Senator from Massachu-
setts and by others—the newspapers teem with
it—that the people of New Jersey and the people
of this country are subject to a monopoly. So
£ir as the State of New Jersey is concerned, I
have to say this: if this be a monopoly from which
the people of that State suffer, it is self-imposed.
" Who would be free, themselves mu*.t strike the blow."
If the allegation have any foundation in truth
and justice,shall we to escape domestic vassalage
submit to foreign domination? Do we suffer?
If we do, it is the consequence of our own act.
But, sir, I am not so well assured that all these
declarations of usurpations and \a^^la^e and
suffering which have been so eloquently referred
to by the Senator from Massachusetts are true,
or founded in just grounds of complaint. This
subject of monopoly is a favorite theme of decla-
mation. It is an ancient theme in my own State.
As long back as the year 1702 there were but three
wagon roads across the State of New Jersey, and
Q.ueen Anne, if I recollect the history aright, char-
tered a wagon road from Perth Amboy, the very
point where this railroad starts, to Burlington, sev-
enteen miles abovepamtjen,on the Delaware river;
and although it took two weekg to perform the
passage under that royal grant an^ privilege, if
raised a hue and cry in my State on the ground
that it was an odious monopoly ! The cry has
continued from thattimedown to the presenthour.
But it is (said the citizens of other States are
subject to this monopoly. It is said that they
are subject to a transit duty, that they are sub-
ject to a tribute; and the Senator from Massachu-
setts referred us to, and read a passage from, Bun-
yan'sPilgrim'sProgress,in which he likened my
State to the Valley of Humiliation, and the Cam-
den and Amboy Railroad Company, and its steam
engine, from whose belly fire and smoke proceeds,
as Apollyon himself, or the personification of him.
The Senator forgot to tell us who Christian was.
As he complained so bitterly of this tribute, per-
haps he meant to infer thathe was the subject of
the king of that country, and that he was Chris-
tian escaping from this city of Destruction with
his face set Zionward. If so, he lacks the great
characteristic of Christian, because I found no
charity in what he said.
But what is this matter of tribute or transit duty?
It is said that in the charter of the Camden and
Amboy Company they have the right to charge
ten cents on persons passing across the State, and
fifteen cents per ton for merchandise. It is said,
in other words, that every man who crosses the
State of New Jersey on that railroad is taxed ten
cents, and that every man who sends merchan-
dise over it as freight is taxed fifteen cents per ton.
I do not so understand it. 1 know there has been a
great outcry on this subject for years in my own
State and out of it; but what is it? It is nothing
more nor less than a tax upon the business of
the road instead of a tax upon its capital. The
Legislature of New Jersey, in chartering this
company, instead of saying that there should be
paid so much upon the capital stock into the State
treasury year after year, said there should be an
account kept of the through travel upon the road
and the through merchandise carried over the
road, and that there should be paid in, upon a
return made to the State treasury, ten cents for
every passenger thus transported; and I think
there is wisdom in the provision. When this
charter was granted some thirty-five years ago, in
the infancy of the railroad system, it was not
known what amount of capital would be required
to construct these works of public improvement;
it was a matter of uncertainty; but it could be
made a matter of perfect certainty as to how much
money should be paid by fixing atoll orrateupon
the business of the road; and thus it becomes a
toll in the nature of an income tax, instead of a
toll or tax upon the amount of the capital stock
of the road. How are the public prejudiced or
damnified by this provision?
It is another feature of the charter of the Cam-
den and Amboy Railroad Company that the price
of transportation of both passengers and freight
is fixed. The price of transporting a passenger
upon this railroad across the State cannot exceed
three dollars under any circumstances. I do not
see for my part that the public in passing over
that road are thus subjected to tribute or to a tran-
sit duty that would justify the denunciation of
the Senator from Massachusetts.
But it is said there is a discrimination made be-
tween the citizens of the State of New Jersey and
the citizens of other States. Why, sir, there is
no such discrimination. The transit duty, to use
this term, is upon through passengers, whether
they belong to the State of New Jersey or to the
State of Ohio. An account is taken of every man
who crosses the State from the Delaware river to
Raritan bay, whether he be a Jerseyman, or a
Pennsylvainan, or a New Yorker, which is to be
returned by the agent of the company to the State
treasurer; and the amount ascertained to be due on
account of the number of passengers who have thus
ciOosed is paid into the treasury at the end of the
year. The citizens of other States are upon a par
with the citizens of New Jersey in this particu-
lar. The way passengers are not to be taken into
the account. If the Senator from Massachusetts
should visit our State, (and I trust he may some
time, and entertain a better opinion of our people,)
and should pass from point to point in that State,
there would be no account taken of his passage
from point to point, and no duty or tribute levied
upon him any more than there would be on the
Senator from New Jersey passing from the town
of his residence to the city of Philadelphia or the
city of New York. There has been a great mis-
understanding on this subject; and m the midst of
a tirade sjica as has been heaped upon my State,
I think, perhaps, the Senator will excuse me for
having occupied sp much time iij pijdeayoring to
state just what is the true history of the rights of
this company, and their duties on this Bubject.
But suppose a different view should be still en-
tertained by gentlemen on this subject from the
one 1 entertain. How is it with regard to this Rar-
itan and Delaware Bay railroad ? That seems to be
the especial pet of the Senator from Massachusetts.
You wish to authorize that company to go on and
exercise these extraordinary powers in violation
of the limitations and restrictions imposed upon
it in its charter when granted, i beg leave to read
the fourteenth section of the act incorporating the
Raritan and Delaware Bay Railroad Company, to
see what that says, and see how thai company
stands in relation to this same question:
" That from and after the completion of the said road,
It shall be the dutyoftiie treasurer of the said corporation,
under oath or affirmation, to make quarterly returns of th«
number of passengers, and the number of tons of goods,
wares, and merchandise, transported upon said road across
the State, to the treasurer of this State, and thereupon to
pay to the said treasurer of the State the same impost or
transit duties which are now, or may be at any time here-
after, paid by the Camden and Amboy Kailroad and Trans-
portation Company, and no more."
Putting this Raritan and Delaware Bay Com-
pany upon precisely the same footing as the Cam-
den and Amboy road, and making the law gov-
erning the Camden and Amboy Company the
law to govern this road also. It is not a transit
duty upon the passengers, not a tax ftr capita
upon individuals, but only a mode of taxing the
road through its business, instead of taxing the
corporation, as many other railroads are, upon
the amount of their capital stock invested in the
road.
If we pass this bill as it has come from the
House of Representatives it will establish a prin-
ciple which will reach much further than many
who have not reflected upon this subject suppose.
I have shown you how it will affect my State.
How will it affect yours, Senators? You may
be stronger, you may be more able to resist it,
but in the course of years it may be that the
poisoned cup which you tender to our lips may
be returned to your own.
It has been claimed also that this bill is neces-
sary for the purpose of creating greater facilities
for the transportation of goods and passengers
across the State; that this rebellion requires the
ready and sudden transmission of troops from the
city of New York or from the North to this cap-
ital. I am aware of all such necessities; but I
am not aware of any deficiency or difficulty aris-
ing from that source in times past. In fact, it has
been shown by testimony that the Camden and
Amboy Railroad Company have transported as
matiy as eight thousand troops a day upon the
lines of their road, and were able at all times to
transport a great many more than they were called
upon to transport by the Government, and that
other troops and munitions of war have been trans-
ported upon the Raritan and Delaware Bay rail-
road, upon some arrangements which were satis-
factory to the company and to the Government;
so that there has been no difficulty about troops
and munitions of war reaching this capital in con-
sequence of the failure of railroad facilities in my
State. .
Why, sir, there are three railroads now crossing
the State of New Jersey besides the Delaware and
Raritan Bay road, all of which have transported
troops and munitions of war to the Federal capital.
There is this Camden and Amboy railroad; there
is the New Jersey Railroad and Transportation
Company, which connects at Trenton with the
Philadelphia and Trenton railroad; and there is th8
New Jersey Central railroad, which crosses the
State to Easton, Pennsylvania,and connects with
the Harrisburg railroad, upon which thousands of
troops have been transported,and upon which the
Senator from Rhode Island, [Mr. Sprague,} when
he came on with his battery and with his muni-
tions of war was transported to the capital during
the period ofits imminent peril. While there are
these three railroads across t, e State ofNew Jer-
sey, and while there are but two across the State
of Pennsylvania toward the Federal capital, and
while there is hut one from the city of Baltimore
to the city of Washington, the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts is loud in his complaint on account of
the want of facilities and means for transporta-
tion across my State, and he has not a word to
ay, or a syllable to utter, in relation to the di-
minished means of transportation across these
