1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
any vote of this House or of both Houses of Con-
givHM, when our votes arc communicated
tor lus ap|.i oval or disapproval: th< re fore, to make
tissue dnect with the other pottion of the Sec-
retaiy's left* r, tins clause is introduced:
"A::<1 t1'.1 piopnefv of nnv declaration of foreign pohey
l,y l- >uiii<,!Ciitly piovcd t>y the vote which pio-
uouiicefi it."
That is the assertion, that our vote is not the
subject of executive criticism; that it is the right
of the people of the United States to say what
thev will upon their foreign policy, and it is the
dutv of the President to veto or obey it. But,
sir, if Congress have sunk so low that it must
look beyond the limits of its own Ilalls to vindi-
cate the necessity and propriety of this solemn
declination of national policy at this time in the
form we adopted, perhaps we can find no arbiter
between us and (he Executive Government which
it. will rccognize so readily as the Baltimore con-
vention; and that enlightened body, forced by
public opinion, thought it necessary and proper
to echo the lesohuion for which the Secietary
apologised—only m attempting- to give a rebuke
the form of a compliment, they converted it into
a sarcasm.
That is the substance of the resolution. Now,
fir, I say again that I do not mean to debate the
policy of the resolution or any matter connected
with it. Nobody except the gentleman fioui
Maine [Mr. Blaise] has impeached it here upon
historical giounds. With great reaped to that
gentleman, I say that the precedent which ho
quotes isfrivolous!yirrelovant,and that,fiom the
beginning of the Government until this day, there
is no vote of either House of Congress, there is
no claim by any President of the United States,
there is no asset tton by any Secretary of State,
there is no expression by any respectable public
man of any party, that it does not belong to the
Congress of the tinned States to declare and pre-
scribe, ihe foreign policy of the United States; and
fioru the time of the Panama mission, when John
Q,uincy Adams asked and obtained the auihouty
and support of Congress for that great mission
which we must soon repeat, until this day, we
have vote on vote of Congress, under almost
every Administration, affirming, implying,assert-
ing, or exerting that pieiogative without question
from any quarter; and undei this Administration
more than one act approved by President Lincoln
himself add to the unbtoKen law of precedents.
The recognition of Hayti Mid JLibeua was not
the sponta neous act of the Piesident, but he, like
his pp'deeessoi s, wailed till Congress had author-
ized him toopen with them international relations.
Sir, there is but one judgment and one couise
of precedent from tie' beginning to the end of
Ameiiean history. Momoe concuned in it; the
messages of John Ctumcy Adams are leplete with
Jt; General Jackson, in the case of Texas, recog-
nized it; Mr. Clay asseited it; Mi. Webster as-
set ted it. What othej autbonties are worthy of
notice, after we hnvy named these ? That, sir, is
all 1 have to nay on that Mibject.
Now, sir, one other woid. 1 have already said
that, in asking to beexcused from further service
on the Committee on Foreign AfFaus, I act fiom
no fueling of petsotial pique. 1 make that iequest
from my sense, of public duty, in view of the re-
lations that the chairman of ttie committee neces-
sarily bears to the House of Representatives. It
'S possible, sir, upon many occasions fur the
House to differ, not only with the chairman of a
committee, but with the committee. They aie
bound to take the instructions of the House; they
are bound to conform to such instructions. They
are bound by the judgment of the House, and
they must act in conformity with it.
But the position of the chairman of a commit-
tee means that he stands thcie as the representa-
tive of the political views of the majouty of the
House of Representatives. He is to the House
of Representatives what a member of the Cabi-
net is to the Piesident. An absolute conformity
on all essential principles between the chairman
of a committee and the House on a subject ic-
specting which the committee is laised, is essen-
tial to a due discharge of his duties, just as a
similar relation between a Cabinet officer and the
President is essential to the due conduct of exec-
utive affairs. I am not lite representative of the
House upqn this question. The vote of this morn-
ing places a great gulf between me and the House
of Representatives. 1 cheerfully admit that they
may be light and I may be wrong; but the cri-
terion of my conduct must be my own judgment,
and ! cannot separate myself from the history of
America to conform to the vote of the House of
Re preventatives.
And,sir, I go a step further. Not only is it
impossible that I should continue to represent the
House in that responsible situation without mis-
reptesenting myself, but, insignificant as i may
be personally,! am unwilling, when this matter
crosses the ocean, as it will cross if, 1 cannot
consent to seem to submit to or acquiesce in or
to have part or lot with this grave surrender of
the power of the people. For, Mr. Speaker,
whatever the insignificance of the person who
moves this question, his connection with this vote
elevates him to its impoi tance; and 1 tell you thete
is more than one crowned head m Europe that
now looks anxiously to the conduct of this House
upon this very question,and a shout willgo up
from one end of despotic Kuiope to the other
when it is known that the House of Representa-
tives has confessed that its tcso!v<s are vain
breath before the dictation of the Piesident, and
that the President is the United States,as Louis
Napoleon is France. Insignificant though 1 be, 1
am not humble enoughato allow my name to be
associated with that humiliating abdication.
With ail kindness to the gentlemen who have
so kindly expressed themsilves bete to-day; a
kindness which ovet win 1ms me sensibly; a kind-
ness frequently expressed heretofore in private,
but never before so publicly, I beg thatthey will
not let that kindly feeling enter into considera-
tion on this vote, but wiil do as I ask them—
simply relieve me from acting longer in this re-
sponsible situation whoie I m) gtuvely misrepre-
sent the House which has honoied me.
Mr. L1TTLEJOH N. Mi. Speaker, I was one
of the memb< l s of this House who voted to lay
this resolution on the table. 11 has been assumed
in this debate that that vote indicated an opinion
upon the subji ct-matter of the resolution itself.
For one, sir, 1 wish it understood that I have ad-
vanced no opinion upon the resolution. The
chairman of ihe Committee on Foreign AfFaiis in-
troduced a resolution of very ginve importance;
he immediately moved the, previous question;
and, without the light to dmcuss the resolution,
without the right to nnpiove its phraseology, we
wete put upon a vote. So long as 1 hold a seat
on this flooi I tover will, und<T such circum-
stances, be forced to give an opinion upon a gia\ e
national question. \ voted, theiefbre, to lay the
resolution on the table, first, because, tiieiewas
no opportunity for discussion, and secondly, be-
cause 1 believed !t inexpedient at tins time, m
this crisis of our country's histoiy, to bting up
here any such distuihin<; quesiion,
Sn, the tune will come when Kngland and
Fiance will understand the position of t he Amer-
ican people on iho question lefetred lo by the
gentleman from Maryland.
Now, sir, no man entcitams moie respect fur
the puvate character, the public position,and the
integrity of the gentleman fiom Maryland than
myseh', and I trust this House will unanimously
vote not to excuse him fiom seiviog on that
, committee.
The uio'iun was dii-a",reed t i, and Mr. Dayi^,
i uf Maryland, wus not excused.
ADJOURNMENT OVHJl THIS HOLIDAYS.
| Mi. STEVENS, r rise toaptmfeged question,
and subnmthe following cuncurient resolution:
Resolved (the Senate concttn nig.) That when tin- IIouh1
adjourns on Thm-da\, tlie ;IM ni;,t<uif3 ttcuijumn to meet
on Thui>da\, Jnuuaiy o, JcGo
?\!t\ Speakei, allow me to say onewoid. It is
pretty clear that we shall ailjeui n over the Chtist-
mas holidays. It would be impossible to keep
the 1 louse together, and wc should gain nothing
by refusing to adjourn. On consultation, we have
: supposed that it would be better to fix the time
as { have suggested. I have fixed, first, Thurs-
day next, so that members living at a distance
shall have opportunity to teach their homes. New
Yeai's day comes on a Sunday, and of course
members cannot leave or travel on tb.it day.and I
have fixed on Thursday, the 5th, fm their lelurn.
For myself, I am willing to sit here all the time
and attend to the public business.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vota,
by winch the resohpion was adopted; and id o
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to-
NEVADA.
Mr. REAM AN. Mr. Speaker, I ask the unan*
imons consent of the House to introduce, and put
on its passage, a bill supplementary io an -act to.
enable the people of the Territ&iy of Nevada lo
form a constitution and State government, and'for
the admission of said State into the Uni-oti "on an
equal footing with the original States.
Mr. HOLM AN. Is the bill reported fromifoe
Committeemen Territories ?
Mr. BEAMAN. JNo, sir; but I will make a
statement which I think will be satisfactory. In
the act which was passed enabling the people of
the Territory of Nevada to form a constitution
for admission as a State into the Union there was
an entire Omission to save the proceedings in the
Supreme Court arising by appeal or otherwise
from the courts in that Territory. I understand
that there are appeals now pending in the Supreme
Couit,and there being no provision to save them
it becomes necessary to pass this supplementary
act. 1 think, sir, there can be no objection to its
immediate passage.
There being no objection, the bill was received,
read a first and second time, ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BEAMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agieed to,
REBELLIOUS STATES.
Mr. ASHLEY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House for leave to reportfrom thecommit-
tee on the tebellious States a bill to guaranty to
certain States whose governments have been
usurped or overthrown, a republican form of gov-
ernment, in oider that it may be recommitted and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. PENDLETON. If the gentleman wiil
move to reconsider and lay that motion on th<*
table { will not object.
Mr. ASHLEY. I have no desire to bring the
bill back by a motion to reconsider.
Mr. PENDLETON. Very well, then.
The bill was received, lead a first and second
time, oidered to be printed, and recommitted to
the same committee.
MARINE HOSPITAL AT ERIE.
Mr. SCOFIELD,by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution, which was read,
considered, and agieed to:
RcsolvctU That the Committee on Commcrci? bo re-
cjtie«t>'d so niquiie mm Hie expediency of establish tag a
iiiaune hospii.il at Due. on Lake Cue, in the State of
Pennsylvania.
INTEUKAL KEYENUE,
Mr. STEVENS. I now call up House joint
resolution No. 124, explanatory of an act enti-
tled "An act providing internal revenue for the
support of the Government, to pay the inteiest
on the public debt, and for other purposes," ap-
proved June 30, 186-1.
The joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed
and read a thud lime; and beingengrossed,it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AMENDMENT OF THE CONSTITUTION,
Mr. ASHLEY. I desire to give notice to the
House that on Friday, the 6th of January, I pro-
pose to call up the motion to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution for amending the Constitu-
tion of the United States was rejected, and at that
time to put the bill upon its passage.
Mr.COX. To take a vote upon it that day?
Mr. ASHLEY. To take it up for consideration.
Mr. COX. I desire to say to thegentleman that
members on this side of the House, generally,
would prefer that he postpone the consideration of
the matter until the Monday following: the day
named by him.
Mr. ASHLEY. Upon consultation with a
