54
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
number of members upon that side of the House
favorable to the motion, I give notice that the vote
will be taken on the Monday following the day
I first named.
INVALID PENSION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask unanimous consent of
the House to take up and consider the bill of the
House No. 597, in the House, and not in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. Yesterday the Committee
of Ways and Means reported the invalid pension
bill, which was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and made the
special order for to-day. The gentleman asks
unanimous consent that it may be taken up and
considered in the House. The Chair hears no
objection.
The bill (H. R. Wo. 597) making appropria-
tions for the payment of invalid pensions of the
United States for the year ending the 30th of June,
1866, was accordingly taken up for consideration,
and read in extenso.
Mr. BROOKS. I presume there is nothing in
this bill except what is contained in the estimates
of the Department?
Mr. STEVENS. Nothing else.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a ihiid time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the vote by which
the bill was passed be reconsidered; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask that bill No. 598, the
consular and diplomatic bill, which was lefoired
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and made the special order for to-day,
be taken up and considered in the same way as
the last.
There being no objection, (he bill (H. R. No.
598) making appropriations for the consular and
diplomatic expenses of the Government for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1866, was taken up
and read in extenso,
Mr. IIOLMAN. I do not desire to have this
bill read through again foramendments, for i pre-
sume there are few to be offered. I have, how-
ever, an amendment to offer to the last section of
the bill.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection the
bill will be considered as opened to amendment
generally. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. HOL1V1AN. 1 move to amend by adding
at the end of the bill the following proviso:
Provided, however. That in tlie payment of the fuiarii-s
provided for by this bill, tho kiiiic .shall Ik* p.uil upon the
basis! of the emreney ol tlio United State*, as other salaries
are paid, including the usual exchange only.
The only question presented by the amend-
ment is one which has frequently been before the
House before; and that is whether these salaries
of agents abroad shall be paid upon a gold basis,
instead of the basis of the currency of the coun-
try. It has always seemed to me that there was
no reason for tins discrimination, and that these
salaries ought to be paid upon exactly the same
basis with other salaries of the country, and upon
the same ground.
iVlr. STEVENS. I must oppose that amend-
ment. This Government already, by one portion
of its legislation, has created adisti'nction between
different kinds of the lawful money of the United
States, and by that wo have made one article
three times as valuable as the other, and by that
legislation alone, as 1 contend. Now, by law
there is no difference between coin and legal-
tender notes. The Government haw a light to pay
in whatever it chooses, and if it chooses to pay
in legal-tender notes, it can do so: if it chooses to
pay in coin it can do so. And there is no excep-
tion to this rule except that we unwisely made it
in the payment of duties and of interest on the
public debt. I am unwilling to recognize any tin -
ther distinction, and thus depreciate what we have
declared to be lawful money and legal tender of
the United States. I would leave the Govern-
ment to make these payments according to their
judgment.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 wish to call the attention of
the House once more to the provisions contained
in lines thirteen, fourteen, and fifteen. I did it
last session, and shall do it now in all probability
with as little use as I did it then. It is a provis-
ion for missions in Guatemala,Nicaragua, Costa
Rica, Honduras, and San Salvador, five of the
Central American States, most of which have not
a population as large as some of the wards of
Cincinnati, Philadelphia, or New York. To those
five States we have five distinct ministers, when
one minister to Central Ameiica could transact all
the necessary business. I make now the same
proposition that I made last year, to strike out
the names of these five States and insert <{ Central
America."
Mr. STEVENS. It is impossible to get at
what the gentleman desires in this v/ay We
have a law authorizing the appointment of these
ministers; they are appointed in pursuance of law,
and we are bound to make the appropriation to
pay them. We cannot change that law in an
appropriation bill. If the gentleman wishes to get
at it, let him bring in a bill to repeal the law au-
thorizing these several missions and concentrate
them, and then we will make the appropriation
accordingly.
Mr. BROOKS. I will say to the gentlpman
from Pennsylvania that that is precisely what I
propose to do. If he wilt look to the Statutes he
will find that these missions were never created
by any express statute law, but were created in
this very appropriation bill. The missions were
created here, and I propose to repeal them.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman is mistaken.
The general law authorizes the Executive to send
ministers to certain places, and to selcct those
places.
Mr. BROOKS. I beg the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania to show me. any other law except that
in an appropriation bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I refer to the general law
for the appointment of ministers.
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman can show me
no law whatsoever except in appropriation bills
of pieeiseiy this character. The statute-books
are before him, he has an assistant and a cleik,
and 1 challenge him to produce any other law
except laws in appropriation bills.
Mr. COX. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevens] is entirely rightabout the matter.
There is a general law providing for these various
ministers, and they are to be appointed by the
President. Whenever the President chooses to
send ministers to these various second-class mis-
sions he does so in pursuance of the general law.
Mr. WASHBQRNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman from Ohio will permit me, the power of
the President of the United States is derived fiom
thi: Constitution of the United States, as he will
see by reading the second section.
Mr COX. And the law passed in pursuance
thereof
Mr. WASHBURNE,of Illinois. It has been
decided over and over again that without any law,
under the provisions of the Constitution, the
President can send ministers anywhere.
Mr. BROOKS. And who is to pay them ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The Pres-
ident having appointed a minister, under the Con-
stitution, it then bccomrs the duty of Congress
to appropriate the money to pay him.
Mr. BROOKS. That is the old story we had
this morning over again—the same principle—
that the President of the United States can do
anything, that he can appoint a minister to any
place whatsoever, and that all we have to do is
to perform the clerk's duty of making a record
of appropnations for such missions as he may
direct.
Now, the President may have the power under
the Constitution of the United States to send min-
isters anywhere abroad, but the right is reserved
to this House—the great right of making an ap-
piopriation therefor or not making it as we deem
nest.
Now, in reply to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Cox,] I wish him to show me a statute law which
creates missions to Gautemala, Nicaragua, Costa
Rica, Honduras, and San Salvador
Mr. COX. The gentleman from New York is
probably familiar with the law passed in 1861, I
think, drawn by Judge Perkins, of Louisiana.
That was while the gentleman was a member of
Congress, and that law divides the missions up
into various classes. That carries out the con-
stitutional provision by the action of Congress
and gives Congress control of the matter.
If the gentleman wants to get rid of these va-
rious missions, the way to do it is to repeal the
law declaring these second-class missions and
fixing the salaries thereof.
The gentleman proposes to unite all these sev-
eral second-class missions into one mission to
Central America. That was done a good many
years ago, before we had any commerce on the
Isthmus, before the railroad was made, $nd be-
fore commerce was quite as great as it now is in
New York and other places. But at this time
there are interests on the Isthmus and in Central
America connected with all these Governments
that require ministers at these various points.
There are claims against these Governments,
some of them no doubt held by constituents of
the honorable gentleman, and treaties are to be
made, and conventions are to be held, and these
claims are to be adjusted.
There are claims springing out of the old trou-
bles in Nicaragua, the troubles which occurred
with General Walker, and in all of which our
countrymen were more or less mixed up. All
these matters are to be settled by ministers, and
you cannot have one minister traveling all around
in that volcanic and thinly settled region.
Mr. DAWES. We did have one.
Mr. COX. Yes; we had one traveling there
once, who got lost, and did not turn up for four
or five years after his time expired. But even if
the objection raised by the gentleman from New
York were rightly taken, it would not be proper,
through an appropriation bill, to strike out these
salaries, for the ministers are there now doing
their duty, and that duty is very valuable to the
Government.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, I think we all
understand how our ministers abroad are created
and appointed. Their appointment is vested by
the Constitution in the President. But Congress
undertook to_classify these ministers, to fix the
point at which most of them should be kept,and
to fix their salaries. The ministers to France and
England have their salaries fixed by lasv, and so
hatfe the ministers to these Central American
States. Until that law is repealed or changed the
ministers appointed by the President arc entitled
to their salaries, and it is the duty of Congress to
make appropriations to pay them. The Presi-
dent has a right to appoint them, and he has ap-
pointed them and sent them to their respective
stations, their salaries having been fixed by Con-
gress in an act passed twelve or fourteen years
ago. Now whathave we to do ? Simply to make
an appropriation to fulfill the law. The law says
that these men shall have certain salaries. If the
gentleman from New York will bringin alnw re-
pealing or changing that fixing these salaries of
ministers, well and good. Then there will be no
appropriations made to pay them. But, as tho
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox] has well said,
that would be very unwise in the present condi-
tion of our affairs and in the present condition of
Europe, with Spain making war upon some por-
tions of South America and Prance having designs
upon other portions. It would be, I say, very
unwise for us to withdraw our ministers at those
places.
Now, as to fixing one particular place for a
minister to Central America, where the interests
of States are diverse, and where war constantly
exists between them, it would seem to me very
unwise and impracticable. I do not know but that
it was the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,]
the chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs,
who was engaged m a two-years hunt to find the
seat of government of the Argentine Confedeia-
tion, and I believe he did not find it then, though he
come upon some fresh symptoms of where it had
recently been.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman's illustra-
tion is not a good one. The Government of the
Argentine Confederation was found and recog-
nized, and treaties were made with it.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, there was somebody,
I remember, though it could not have been the
; gentleman from Ohio, who was for three years
■ engaged in hunting for some Central American
j Government.
! A Member. Mr. Smith.
! Mr. STEVENS. Ah,yes—Mr.Smith. That
: is the man I mean. It is said that he never
