1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBl
The next amendment was in lines,two|fundreil
and forty-four, two hundred and forty-five, and
two hundred and forty-six, to strike from the
items of appropriation for the New York maga-
zine the following, " piling,filling in, and build-
ing crib work, on cob-docli, for gun park; quar-
ters for inspector of ordnance."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out, in lines
two hundred and forty-nine, two hundred and
fifty, and two hundred and fifty-one, the follow-
ing items from ihe appropriations for the Phil-
adelphia magazine, "building for general ord-
nance purposes, including office, store-rooms,
and workshops, and for quarters for inspector of
ordnance."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines two hundred
and fifty-seven and two hundred and fifty-eight,
to strike out " for quarters for inspector of ord-
nance" from the items of appropriation for the
Washington magazine.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the items of ap-
propriation for the Mare Island magazine, to strike
out in line two hundred and sixty-four " brick-
wall to inclose magazine grounds," and in line
two hundred and sixty-eight " commencing ord-
nance building."
Mr. H ALE. I wish the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance would state why they have
stricken out the appropriation for these two items
arid yet make no diminution in the sum appro-
priated.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can answer the Senator.
The House of Representatives reduced the amount
of the estimates, but omitted to strike out the items.
We have simply made the bill conform to the ac-
tion of the House. The amount estimated for is
larger than the amount appropriated.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to reduce the appro-
priation " for preparing for publication the Amer-
ican Nautical Almanac" from $33,605 to $25,850.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out lines
three hundred and three hundred and one,in the
following words:
To meet emergencies at the Atlantic, East and West
Gulf, and Mississippi stations, $1,000,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out from
lines three hundred and four to three hundred and
twenty-four, as follows:
For pay of clerks in the ordnance department at the
several navy-yards, in lieu of the present per diein pay,
namely:
For salary of one clerk at Portsmouth, New Hampshire,
llftvy-yaid, $1,200.
For salaiy of one clerk at $1,200, and one at $1,000 per
annum, at llohton navy yard, §3,200.
For salary of one cleik at $1,200 per annum, and one
clerk at ®1,000 per annum, at the New York navy-yard,
(§2,200.
For salary of one clerk at the Philadelphia navy-yard,
$i,m
For salary of one clerk at $1,400. one clerk at $1,000,
one draughtsman at ^1,600, one analytical chemist at
$2,500 per annum, one assistant pyrotechnist at $1,400,
and one keeper of magazine at $480 per annum, at the
Washington navy-yard, $8,380.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
second section of the bill, in the following words:
Sec. 2. ./hid be it further enacted, That one midship-
man, in addition to those now allowed by law, shall be
appointed for each congressional distuct and Teiritory, to
be appointed on tile nomination of the present members of
Congiess or Delegates fiom said districts or Territories re-
spectively, but no midshipman shall be appointed for any
district not represented in Congress.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend the section
which is proposed to be stricken out, by striking
outall after the word " that" in the first line flown
tound including the word " but" in the fifth line;
so that if amended as I propose it will read—
That no midshipman shall be appointed for any district
not represented in Congress.
I believe that is the law now, and I believe
that Congress has tried at almost every session
since I have known anything about the Naval
Academy to get that law enforced; but we have
been entirely unable to do so. I do not know
how it has been during the last year, but I know
that appointments were made in violation of law.
This provision has been enacted in various forms,
and I think at the last session we inserted a pro-
vision that none of the money appropriated for
the support of the Academy should be applied to
the education of any midshipman not appointed
in accordance with the provisions of law, and we
made the same provision in regard to West Point;
but we have failed hitherto. Itissaid that there
may be something gained by repeating a thing
pretty often. It is not impossible that Congress
may make provisions of law so often and so fre-
quently that by and by the Departments will at-
tend to them. 1 think it would be as well to make
this provision. It will not alter the lajy, and it,
may be an admonition in that regard.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator's amend-
ment will not alter the law, there is no object in
offering it. That is my answer on that point.
The section itself as it comes from the other
House is objectionable because it proposes to in-
crease the number of midshipmen in the Naval
Academy to the extent of nearly two hundred,
or one additional for each congressional district,
when the present buildings are insufficient for the
present number. The Committee on Finance
did not think it wise to increase the number;
they cannot be educated there, and therefore the
committee deem it better to omit the whole sec-
tion. The Senator from New Hampshire says
that his amendment will leave the law to stand
precisely as it does now, but I see no use in re-
newing an old controversy.
Mr. HALE. 1 do not know that it is of any
use. I do not know that we can pass a law
which will be observed and respected.
Mr. GRIMES. It is quite apparent that the
amendment of the Senator from New Hampshire,
if it should beadopted, would change the law. If
it should beadopted the section would read," That
no midshipman shall be appointed for any district
not represented in Congress." That would take
away from the President the power to appoint the
midshipmen at large that he is now authorized to
appoint. It certainly changes the law in thai re-
gard.
Mr. HALE. They are not appointed from dis-
tricts.
Mr. GRIMES. But this says that " no mid-
shipman shall be appointed for any district not
represented in Congress." I am not aware that
any during the last year have been appointed out-
side of the provision of law referred to by the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire. Lhave not heard of
it before. It may be so, but I am not aware of it.
Mr. HALE. 1 do not know that such appoint-
ments have been made fiom any district; but that
such appointments have been made, and that that
is the basis upon which the Department has acted
in making appointments, cannot be unknown to
the Senator from Iowa. 1 do not say that it has
been so for the last year.
Mr. GRIMES. I know that there were some
appointed two years ago, but I am not conscious
of any having been appointed since we passed a
law on the subject.
Mr. HALE. I do not know how that is.
Mr. GRIMES. The law that was passed three
years ago, according to my construction, and that
construction was given to it by the Attorney Gen-
eral, and by the Senator from New York [Mr.
Harris] and the Senator from Maryland, [Mr.
Johnson,] authorized the Secretary of the Navy
to appoint at large under certain circumstances;
and he made those appointments. We have had
that subject before us, 1 believe, off and on for
two years. Last year Congress made a provision
similar to this to which the Senator from New
Hampshire has called the attention of the Senate,
and to which theie was no objection in the Sen-
ate so far as I know, and I have never been in-
formed that that law has been violated in a sin-
gle instance. If it has been, I have neverheard
of it.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish to offer an amend-
ment to the section before the question is taken
on the motion to strike it out. 1 move to strike
out all of the section after the word " that," and
to insert:
Each member of Congress and each Delegate from the
Territories may present the names of two boys as appren-
tices to the Navai School, and that the necessary number
of midshipmen shall thereafter be selected fiom such ap-
prentices in such maniieras the Secretary of the Navy may
direct.
I offer thts amendment in accordance with a
— ■■■,> -■ ■  
recommendation found in the repost ofthe.Secrer
tary of the Nav.y, which I'tJii/ik descFveB; atten-
tion. I will read briefly from it,;and , the words
I shall now read" will be my arguinent in favor of
the amendment. The Secretary of the Navy, iu
his annual report, says:
" Commencing as apprentices on the aehool-sMp', It would
be well to open to the sailor-boy ihe way. to promotion by
giving him an opportunity, if he sh;ill deserve it,9f'ei)te/ings
the Naval Academy. From among the apprentices on the,
school-ship, a selection of One half of m id shi imi e it annua! ty?
appointed might be made with great advantage;to the ser-
vice and the country. These apprentices, in their prelimM
inary training on the school-ship, w.illhave,dtxyelojwd tlieig
capabilities and aptitude for tiie profusion, and;in trans*
ferrlng them to tile Academy there wilt not be thentrniiiV>!(t
errors which attend so large a portion- of-those-wlio are
appointed under the present system. Were each corigres*
sional district authorized to place twoor more onprenticcs
on the school-ship, and the annual selection of midship-
men, or one half of the midshipmen, directed to lie
from these apprentices, its effect would be most beneficent
on the sailor, as well as the schools and the .service. It
would popularize the Navy, audi open to those who may
have enlisted the highest positions and honors of the ser-
vice."
I believe that that is sound argument. I, be-
lieve that it would result in giving, us, a,better
class of officers in the Navy tfian we nay have
or than we can have by the present system of.
appointment. I confine the amendment in the.l
mode of selection to members of Congress-and
Delegates from Territories for this. reaaon, and
this reason alone: that it is the modef Wjhicji has
been heretofore pursued, and that to tire passage
of any bill or amendment affecting the present
system we must of course have the assent of the
other House, and we shall not be likely to obtain
that assent by taking this patronage entirely
away from the members of that body. The
system suggested in the bill now before us, the,
system contained in the second section, seems to
me to be very objectionable and obnoxious.
That section, as the House of Representatives
have passed it, is in these words:
Sec. 2. Jlnd beit further enacted, That one midshipman,
in addition to those now allowed by laiv, shall be .ap-
pointed for each congressional districtand'Teriitory.to be
appointed on the nomination of the presertt 'members of
Congress or Delegates from saitl districts or Teintortes re-
spectively, but'no midshipman siial! be appointed for any
district not represented in Congress.
Why should " the present members ,of 'Con-
gress" nominate this,immense addrtioix to the*
Navy; gentlemen just about to. terminate their;
official term thus to-,be authorized to give us an.
immense increase of those who ar# to be our navai-
heroes hereafter? 1 dp not wish to occupy .the
time of the Senate, but I think a change can be
made in the manner suggested in the report of.the
Secretary of the Navy,and the.change that I,pro-
pose in the amendment is, as the Senate will ob-
serve, suggested by what 1 think is a discreet and
sensible recommendation of that officer.
Mr. GRIMES. I am not prepamUo say that
the suggestion of the Senator from California, if
properly carried out, might not be very advan-
tageous to the Government. I am rather inclined
to think it would be, but I think,the Senate is
hardly prepared to adopt this amendment at this
time. It is a subject that ought to be embraced
in a bill by itself, and not be appended to an ap-^
propriation bill. The amendment proposed, by
the Senator is that each member of Congress^—
that I suppose includes Senators as well, aft mem-
bers of the House of Representatives 
Mr. CONNESS. I do not so intend it.
Mr. GRIMES. Then reading it, as I undep-
stand the Senator desires and intends it to be read,
it is that each member of the House of Represent-
atives and each delegate from a Territory may
present the names of two boys as apprentices to
the Naval School. Now we have no apprentices
to the Naval School.
Mr. CONNESS. This will establish them,
Mr. GRIMES. Are we prepared to do that?
Does the Senator intend that they shall come in '
addition to two midshipmen from each district -
that are there now? Is he prepared to increase
the number of young men at the Academy to about
a thousand, and if so, where is he going to getthe
facilities for accommodating them? Ttie present-'
facilities arc stretched to the utmost tension, and - ;
there is not really proper accommodation for then >
number now there.
Mr. CONNESS. As I understand it, arid a«<-
the Secretary of the Navy recommends, thesS
scholars ate to go io school-ships, which can be
