1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
retm ned, but is in search of that Government yet.
[Laughter.] 1 do not know how Jt is. 1 should
be entirely satisfied if he never found it, and
never returned. But I think we had better leave
tins thins as it is.
Mr. BROOKS. The idea of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Cox,] ^that Central America needs
these five ministers because it is necessary to have
somebody to do business ext each place, is well
answered by this very appropriation bill. If the
gentleman will look over it he will find among the
consulates, m schedule B, handsome appropria-
tions made for a consul at Panama, at San Juan
del Sur, at Balize, at Aspinwall, at San Juan del
Norte, and at various other places—without en-
tering into an enumeration of them—appropria-
tions for a consulate in every part of Central
America. Nov/, I can understand that which
seems to be the argument of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] and will reply to
it by and by, but I do not understand the argu-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.Cox.] I
can well understand why the gentleman from
Pennsylvania does not desire to cut down missions,
does notdesneto depuve men of places,does not
desire to bring home anybody who is enjoying
the patronage and expenditure of this Govern-
ment. And I cannot understand how the people
on that side of the liouse, who pay income taxes,
and taxes of all kinds, as well as those on this
side of the House, should desne to keep up five
expensive missions in Central America, to a people
who have a consulate in every important port, or
to States which, I repeat, have not so large a
population as many of the wards in the several
cities of this Union.
These missions were crcated at a very late pe-
riod, and almost always, not only by the Demo-
cratic party, but by the Republican party, in order
to provide places for certain office seekers-, not be-
cause of any necessity that existed for the mis-
sions, but to give place to people who could not
be provided for in Europe, Asia, Afiica, or in
South America, and for whom, therefore, places
were invented m this Central America. The mis-
sion for Honduras, 1 think, was created espe-
cially for a gentleman from my own State, for
whom no other place could be provided, and to
whom this special mission was given, long after
this general law of which the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Cox] speaks. It was introduced here
by a gentleman who was then a member of Con-
gress from the State of Louisiana. The gentle-
man, 1 am quite sure, will not find any record of
that mission in the general law he speaks of, if
he searches through the statute from beginning
to end.
Now, I have no wish to deprive any gentleman
of placc. There are places enough foreverybody;
there are good offices enough, in connection with
our annual expenditure of $1,000,000,000, to pro-
vide places for almost everybody who is in search
of them in our own domain, upon our own coast,
to prevent the smuggling of goods into Canada
and the provinces, and in connection with our
own internal revenue. And if these gentlemen
must have places, then [ repeat they ought to be
brought home, except one to pi eside over our in-
terests in Central America, and the consulates to
be left behind, and places given them upon the
frontier of Canada to prevent smuggling, and in
our own land to collect our internal revenue.
But I will not make any further opposition. I
have brought this subject to the attention of mem-
bers, and the lesponsibility is now upon the other
side of the House.
Mr. KELLEY. The proposition of the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] is but a
renewal 
Mr. HOLM AN. I rise to a point of order;
that further debate on this amendment is not m
order.
The SPEAKER. The point of order is well
taken. The same rules in regard to debate upon
this bill prevail in the House as in the Committee
of the Whole, limiting debaie to one speech on
each side of the amendment.
Mr. KELLEY. Then I will move an amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. HOLM AN. I will insist upon the rule,
and that the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Kelley] shall confine his remarks to his amend-
ment.
Mr. KELLEY. I move to strike out " six "
instead of " five," and to insert the words " and
to the Sandwich islands."
Mr. COX. I raise the point of order upon the
amendment of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Brooks,] that there is no such place as Cen-
tral America.
Mr. BROOKS. I suggest that the Sandwich
Islands are already in.
Mr. KELLEY. Then I move to strike it out.
Mr. COX. I would suggest to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] to move to in-
sert " League Island." [Laughter.]
Mr. KELLEY. The proposition of the gen-
tleman from New Yoik [Mr. Brooks] is one that
came beforeus last year fiom the samesource,and
it seems to me that the objections that were raised
against the proposed amendment then are pecu-
liarly strengthened now. i do not know but the
gentleman's objection to homogeneity influences
him in this motion. He may be afraid that Amer-
ican ideas, the English language, our thoughts,
our habits, our customs may become fixed in
those American States. There never was a time
for many; reasons when we wanted the influence
of Ameiica in each of those States so much as
now. The influence of France is felt in every
one of them.
It was but this morning that I was reading a
letter at my deskfrom Tme of the most intelligent
of our American people who have ever been en-
gaged in the missionary cause in that section of
the country, or upon this continent, deploiing the
fact that we had not those able statesmen, men
speaking our language and the language of the
country, to counteract the influence of France,
which is penetrating and permeating those States.
And it struck me as the message of the President
was read, that for once we had gota truly Amer-
ican message, it relates to the States of this con-
tinent, and one alter another our relations to them
are indicated and explained. France is only so
far recognized as to say that civil war still exists
in Mexico. The French empiie is recognized as
a belligerent only; and at this time the policy of
the country should be to Americanize those States.
The effort now making is a pat t of the general
effort lo prevent the extension of civilization, of
republican ideas, and of American thought to the
Central American States. The probability of
homogeneity theie has already been recognized.
It is the old battle that was fought against Libe-
riaand against Hayti. "Wo were not to recognize
them; wo were not to treat with them. Wo were
to have neither connection nor inteicourso with
them, because we did not like the complexion of
the people.
And to strike from this bill those States which
may receive a minister, those Stares which have
people whose institutions and whose couise of
policy we may influence and control, and to in-
seit the name of a Government which does not
exist, which three ministers consecutively have
been unable to find, is to say that for the coming
year we shall be voiceless in Central Ameiica—.
that we shall have no official agent to indicate to
us the encroachments of France. And why? Is
it because gentlemen believe that a great empire
is yet to be constructed south of the Potomac?
Is it because gentlemen have been imptegnated
with the \iews of Louis Napoleon in behalf of a
Latin empire? Or is it fur fear that the influence
of our country in those States may show that
" homogeneity " may be attained while freedom of
religion prevails, while manifold forms of govern-
ment prevail, and in spite of the fact that men in
tropical climates intermingle irrespectively of the
question of complexion.
I simply wished to renew this train of sugges-
tion, which 3 presented when this same insidious
move was made last year; and in doing so, 1 have
accomplished my purpose.
Mr. MORRILL. I rise for the purpose of
moving that the debate on the pending amend-
ment be terminated in one minute; but, before
making that motion, I desire to say asingle word.
I am opposed to the amendment of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley,] as well
as that of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Brooks.] At the present time our relations with
all these Governments are of the most fuendly
character; and it is very important to us that we
shall keep them so. It would be a little singular,
if we die to dispense with our missions to any
point, that we should first select American re-
publics, about which somuch solieiuide has been
manifested-in this House this mormrrg. - • - t.; ,
Now, Mr. Speaker, I- believe that,ut U\e'pres-
ent time, it is almost impossible for a minister'afc-
sorne of these Governments to do any duty ifij
connection with others, in consequence ojf.fchfe'
difficulty of changing places of abode. ' The-:
transit from one to another takes so much tirhfef
that it would be utterly imposfeibje for these^mftiv5;
isters to discharge their duties acceptably, 6'UhcV*
t.> the Government or the parties inlerc&tetl,*?f'
they should be obliged to travel fr^m one pkc<r
to another in the attempt to perform' duty in con-
nection with several Governments. ' " .
I now move that all debate'upon the pendiftg'
amendment be terminated in one minute. "
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. Kelley's amendment to the amendment
of Mr. Brooks was not agreed to.
Mr. Brooks's amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. COX. With the. view of making a remark"
in reply to my friend from New York, I move to
amend by striking out{t Paraguay" and " Costa
Rica." This is perhaps the only occasion on
which we shall hove the opportunity to discuss
these matteis with reference to these republics.
The House seems to have declared,by the vote
of this morning, that it is not within the province
of Congress to look much, if at all, after foreign
affairs; yet now we are at it, within scarcely
rtiore than an hour after the House has voted in
that way.
I would remind my friend from New York that
it is exceedingly important for us to continue all
our ministers at these various points in Central
America, if for no other reason than that sug-
gested by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr,
Kelley.] Those Governmentsm Central Amer-
ica to-day stand well with all the world. They
are improving, both in their stability and in their
credit—Costa llica especially.
The gentleman from !New York is a little con-
fused about his geography. He says that we have
a consul at Panama, &c., and that those officers
could attend to all the business connected with
these vaiious missions. The gentleman ought to
understand that Panama is in South America, in
the United States of Colombia, formerly New
Granada; and he could not expect any business
at Panama to refer lo the Central American
States.
We have, smother relations upon the Isthmus,
besides those of Panama. We have relations
growing out of the Nicaragua transit and canal;
and just now it is exceedingly significant, after
steps are being taken by the Central American
States with a view to prevent French interference
and French domination there, as well as in Mexico,
that the piesent action should be proposed in this
House. If there ever was a time when we should
have American diplomats at all of those courts,
it is now, when the power of the French emperor
and the Archduke Maximilian is being pushed
in those regions.
There are a great many matters in relation to
those States yet to be determined by the State
Department. That Isthmus is the most impor-
tant pait of theworld, speaking commercially and
diplomatically. There has been as much diplo-
macy about it as any of the larger empires of
Europe, because it will be one day thegreatcen-
ter of the oriental and occidental traffic of the
world. We ought to have our ministers there
strengthened at all times. 11 is the connectinglink
between our eastern or Atlantic and our Pacific
Slates. It is important that we should have our
ministers strengthened at every Government. It
is not merely necessary that we should strengthen
our consuls, because those Governments will not
correspond with consuls on matters connected
with arrests o'ftraitois, with the passage of troops
across the Isthmus, and with all of the questions
growing up connected with our civil war. i sub-
mit that the proposition should not only be re-
ceived with an earnest protest, but should be
voted down.
I withdraw my amendment.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third-time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the thud time, and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the biH was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to
