1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and joint resolution, in which itrequested the con-
cuitenec of the Senate:
A l.ill (H. II. -No. 597) making appropriations
for the payment of invalid and other pensions of
the United Slates, for the year ending June 30,
18G6;
A bill (II. R. No. 598) making appropriations
for the consular and diplomatic expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30,1866;
A bill (E-I. II. No. 601) supplementary to an
act entitled " An act to enable the people of Ne-
vada to form a constitution and State govern-
ment, and for the admission of such State into
the Union on an equal footing with the original
States;"
A bill (II. R. No. 603) to extend the time al-
lowed for the withdrawal of certain goods therein
named from public, stores; and
A joint resolution (I-J. II. No. 124) explanatory
of tlie act entitled "An act to provide internal
revenue to support the Government, to pay in-
terest on th« public debt,andfurotlier purposes,"
approved June 30, 1864.
ADJOUUNMEXT FOR THE HOLIDAYS.
The messoge fun her announced that the House
had pa*sed the following resolution:
Rcsohe.l, (the SiMuiio coneuirinsr,) That wlirn this
Ilou-e adjourns on T!itit;-(hiy, tlh- 22d of Dcecmber, 1864,
it adjourn to meet on Thur.-rJay, January 5,1S65.
DEFENSE OF TJII3 NORTHERN FRONTIER.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to intioduce a bill (S. No
361) to enable the President to expend the sum
of $10,000,000, or so much thereof as may be neces-
sary, in his opinion, in building fortifications and
floating batteries to defend our northern frontier
and the commerce of the lakes against the at-
tacks of piratical and hostile expeditions organ-
ized in the British provinces by the enemies of the
United States; which whs read twice by its title.
Mr. DOOLtTTLE. 1 move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SUMNER. Should that go to the Com-
mittee on Finance?
Mr. DOOLITTL15. It is not material to me.
Mr. HOWE. I suggest the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I am not on the Commit-
tee of Naval Affairs.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me it should go
to the Committee on Military Affairs or the Com-
mittee on Fonign Relations. 1 think it had bet-
ter go to the CommHtee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. DOOL1TTLC. 1 have no objection to
adopting the suggestion of the Senator from
Massm-hu^etts and letting it go to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
Mr. SUMNER. I will suggest to the Sena-
tor that that question lias already been submitted
to the Committee on Foreign Relations, and this
might therefore propei iy follow what has already
been done.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think, piobably, a refer-
ence to the Committee on Military Allairs will
be better; but ( hope the Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Sjmnt.ji] will report speedily upon
the subject of the general defenses of the lakes,
and aiso upon the question of the rec.iprofity
treaty. 1 do not wish to discuss it now; but
there is a great deal of anxiety on the border,
which is increasing daily, and which will proba-
bly lead to breaches of the peace and mfiactions
of international law. I hope, therefore, the Sena-
tor will net on the question of the reciprocity
tieaty and those other questions as speedily as
possible, in otder to allay the apprt hen&ious that
arc felt on the border.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion to refer the bill to the Oonumt'ee
on Foreign Relations.
Mr. HOWARD. I concur entirely with the
Senator from Ohio in the expression of the hope
that the committee to whom this bill shall be re-
ferred will make as early a report as practicable
on the subject; for, as has been justly observed
by the Senator fiom Ohio, there is indeed and in
truth a state of very great anxiety and concern
along the whole frontier,and we are in daily and
almost houtly danger of repetitions fi om Canada
of those raids and outrages which have been so
frequently committed upon our peaceful people
on the borders. I think it is high time that there
should be an expression of opinion and of feel-
ing on the part of the Congress of the United
States, at least by way of remonstrance, against
those raids and outrages to which I have referred.
In order to keep peace along our border, we must
show our power. The lion must show his teeth
on this side of the border in order to preserve the
peace, and teach those men who have been har-
boring these rebel vipers in their bosoms, that even
Canada, with its so-called neutrality, cannot be
permitted to be a place of refuge for such charac-
ters. 1 desire to say this on the present occasion,
and when another occasion shall present itself I
shall go more extendedly into a consideration of
the subject.
Mr. FOSTER. I am sorry to differ from the
honorable chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Relations if he thinks this subject should go to
that committee; but it seems to me it is not the
appropriate committee. This is a question which
concerns the defenses of the country. It is true
we have the reciprocity treaty before the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations at the suggestion of
the honorable chairman,and with great propriety.
I observe that I was reported in one of the papers
aa suggesting that that subject should go to the
Committee on Commerce. That suggestion did
not come from me. I think the appropriate com-
mittee was the Committee on Foreign Relations, as
the honorable chairman suggested. But, I repeat,a
matter concerning the defenses of the country does
not belong to us. I see no reason why the sub-
ject of the defenses on the lakes should be referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations any more
than the defenses on the Pacific coast or the At-
lantic coast; and surely those do not belong to us.
I hope the Senator from Massachusetts will
concur m the motion to send this bill to the Com-
mittee on Militaiy Affairs, the appropriate com-
mittee certainly to consider the matter of the
defenses of the country. As it regards the reci-
procity treaty, that concerns our relations with
a foreign country by negotiation, and properly
belongs to us, but not so as it regards the defenses
of the country. That is a totally different ques-
tion, and one which should be investigated by
another committee.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I was myself somewhat
in doubt as to which committee this bill should
be referred. My first impression was that it had
better go to the Committee on Finance, as it in-
volves the expenditure of & large sum of money;
but tlie truth is, thateither one of four committees
could properly take jurisdiction of the subject-
matter contained in this bill. The Committee
on Finance could propetly take jurisdiction of it,
for there is a large amount of money to be ap-
propriated by it. So could the Committee on
Military Affairs, for it concerns the erection of
fortifications. So could the Committee on Naval
Affairs, because it concerns the building of float-
ing batteues. So, too, in my opinion, the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations could very properly
have the subject referred to t^iem, in the existing
state of the country and in the existing state of
the business of the Senate. Other questions, grow-
ing out of our relations to the British provinces of
Canada, have been referred to that committee;
and what has transpired on the frontier, and the
late issuance of an order fiom the executive de-
partment of the Government forbidding any per-
sons coming into the United States from the Brit-
ish piovinces without a passport, unless they aie
immigrants coming to reside in the United States,
have raised questions involving our relations with
those provinces, and, as a matter of course, as
they belong to Gieat Britain, with Great Btitam
herself. To either of these committees, I think,
tins bill could very pioperly be referred. When
I fii st asked that it should be referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance, 1 looked upon it mainly as an
appropiiation of money; but as the question of
tiie reciprocity treaty is now pending before the
Gommittee on Foreign Relations, and as I happen
to be a member of that committee, and am not a
member of either of those other committees, per-
haps it would not be asking too much, on the
whole, after what has been said, to ask that tins
bill be leferrcd to the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations.
Mr. JOHNSON. I suppose it is in a great
measure immaterial to whom the inquiry is sub-
mitted. Either of the committees suggested (which
I am sure would be the ease with the whole of the
Senate) would at all times be willing to claim the
rights and protect the honor of til*:) United Stsye«.
If these tire seriously'threatehed at tlie present
time, or if there is any well-grounded reason to
suppose that they will- be assailed hereafter, we
should all be at once desirous of plaeiftg AeWnfc-
ted States in a situation to maintain that protec-
tion effectually. '
I am not at all surprised that the citizens-who
are upon the border of Canada should be Some-
what ali ve to the manifestations of hostility which
from time to time have been made or threatened
from that colony. I think, however, it may bow
be assumed as true that the colonial government
itself is very farfrom justifying the acts of <wf <A
we have so much reason to complain, and 3 oafc-
not doubt but that the home Government, when
they come to know exactly what is the situation of
the colony toward the United States, will be
equally desirous of doing all that their determina-
tion to observe a strict neutrality imposes as a
duty upon them.
If these raids are continued, I think there is no
doubt that under the law of nations, if the par-
ties cannot be arrested within the limits of the
United States, they may be pursued into the ad-
joining territory. I believe that right is just as
firmly settled as any other question can be settled
by the law of nations. It was under the impres-
sion that the right existed that the excellent and
patriotic soldier, General Dix, issued the order
authorizing his officers to pursue these raiders, if
they should appear on this side of the border and
they should prove unable to capture them on this
side of the border, into the limits of Canada; but
I see by the papers that the President of the Uni-
ted States, or the Secretary of State, better in-
formed, 1 suppose, of the disposition of the Cana-
dian government, and better informed as to what
m all probability will be the conduct of the home
Government, has directed General Dix to rescind
that part of his order.
The country was a good deal excited, and nat-
urally excited, by the release of those who made
the piratical attack upon St. Albans. That judge
apparently—for it is not fair to assume that he
acted corruptly—acted honestly in the belief,
strange as the opinion may be, that he possessed
no jurisdiction over the matter. That that decis-
ion was cleaily erroneous I was satisfied at the
time it was announced to us, and 1 am now the
better satisfied, because, as I see, the colonial
government and all the officers of the colonial
government hold that his decision was altogether
enoneous, and they have directed writs to be is-
sued for the rearrest of those parties. Whether
that arrest can be made or not is doubtful. In all
probability they have made their escape and gone
elsewhere. But I cannot but believe that the whole
power of the colonial government, and with the
sanction of the mother Government, will be ex-
erted to arrest these raids ill the future; but still
it is proper, perhaps due to ourselves, especially
in the peculiar position in which we are, that we
should take every possible measure which may
be calculated in o'ur opinion to prevent their repe-
tition, or that failing, that will enable us to vindi-
cate ourselves, either within our own limits or
within the limits of the conterminous territory; for
it can never be tolerated by the United States—it
nevershould be, and I am sure neverwill be; cer-
tainly not by the Senate of the United States-—
that these inroads should be made upon the limits
of the United States, and those acts of piratical
warfare, thieving, and murder be carried on with
impunity.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, the pirat-
ical expeditions by land which maybe organized
and carried out, if things are permitted to go on as
they have gone on, on the Canadian frontier would
be very disastrous, it is true, to the peace of our
citizens and dangerous to their lives and their
property, but those little land expeditions that
might be organized in Canada along our frontier
would be as nothing compared to what might be
organized should they be able in thp Georgian bay
or some of the remote bays around Lake Huron
to catch hold of a vessel and put on board of it
cannon and all the enginery of war to destroy our
cities and towns bordering upon the great lakes.
One single vessel seized by those pirates upon the
lakes could lay the whole city of Chicago in ashes;
and the same is true of the city where t liye
and the city of Milwaukee, for there is no way in
which we coti'd prevent their passage through the
