824
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
thereon: and all courts-martial ordered by the Secretary
of the Navy shall be detailed by the board.
Sec; —. .tfni he it further enacted, That all invitations
for' plans or proposals for any of the works above men-
tioned shall be prepared by tbe board, subject to the ap-
proval of the Secretary; and all bids or offers or proposals
tor the same shall be opened in the presence of the board,
and the award made by it, subject to the approval of the
Secretary.
, Sec. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary
may add to the board from time to time other officers of
the Navy eligtble'to the position of chief of bureau, not ex-
ceeding three at any time, for consultation on any'of the
above subjects. The .board may take the opinion of emi-
nent practical engineers, mechanics, machinists, and archi-
tects, in their "respective branches of art or industry, when
in their opinion the public service will be piouioted by it,
and pay them' such reasonable compensation as the Secre-
tary'may approve.
I do not propose to detain the Senate long on
this amendment. It is the same proposition which
was offered in the House of Representatives,
agreed to there in Committee of the Whole, and
afterward rejected by a very; small majority. I
suppose that if the House could get hold of it
again they would probably pass the provision,
although 1 do not know that it is exactly in order
for me to refer to that here.
Sir, I have known but little about the Navy
Department or its proceedings; comparatively
nothing until the committee to which I belong,
under instructions from the Senate, proceeded to
examine the facts in regard to the building of the
twenty light-draught monitors. We proceeded in
that investigation until I am entirely convinced
that there should be somebody responsible for the
manner in which your appropriations are ex-
pended. When I say this, 1 do not intend to cast
any reflection on that Department. In the immense
amount of business thrown upon their hands, I
know that without the aid and the earnest coop-
eration and assistance of the boards of construc-
tion, it would be impossible for the Secretary of
the Navy and his immediate assistants to give
such care and attention to matters as the necessi-
ties of the case require.
But, sir, the $10,000,000 that you ordered to be
expended in the construction of light-draught mon-
itors have been expended without that care and
attention which the importance of the subject de-
manded. 1 am entirely satisfied of that, and I
think it is because the board of construction was
composed of gentlemen who do not believe in any
of the late improvements in building ships-of-
war.
Mr. GRIMES. To whom does the Senator
refer?
Mr. WADE. I refer particularly now to Mr.
Lenthal. I do not think he believes much in your
iron-clads or monitors, or anything of that kind.
I do not say he ought to be a believer in them; but
I think his opinion is that the old method of build-
ing our ships-of-war was about the perfection of
the art of ship-building. At all events the tes-
timony is—1 cannot exhibit it here before the
Senate as I wish I could, because much ofitis now
in the stenographer's notes, which I cannot read
—that the board refused to have much to do with
this. For insiancc 
Mr. GRIMES. I inquire of the Senator what
board he refers to ?
Mr. WADE. The board of construction.
Mr. GRIMES. Who composed that board?
Mr. WADE. Mr. Lenthal, Mr. Isherwood,
and somebody else.
Mr. GRIMES. Who is the other one?
Mr. WADE. I do not remember his name.
They were the principal men of the board. Mr.
Stimers was charged with making calculations
for building these ships, and he drew draughts of
them. He was exceedingly busy and had but
little time to spare. He had not time to attend to
this because his time was nearly all occupied with
other matters. He went to Mr. Lenthal and told
him that he had been compelled to make the cal-
culation of what they call the displacement; that
is, to ascertain what the depth of the vessel and its
material would be, how much water it would dis-
place, how it would sail, how much of it would
be out of water, &c., a calculation that lies at the
-very threshold of all these inquiries, and which it
is most material to get right at the start. Mr.
Stimers says that he had a young man whose
name I do not now recollect, a very good engi-
neer^ good calculator for a young man, but com-
paratively inexperienced in this business. I am
told that this ascertainment is so essential that it
is hardly ever trusted to a single estimate, but
different men skilled in the business go through
to ascertain that the calculations are all right in
this respect at setting out, because if you do not
start right here you are in danger of building a
ship that will not swim, that will not carry her-
self, much less the munitions of war, and the coal,
&c., which are to be carried. In a steamship the
question is tiiore complicated and requires more
care. Mr. Stimers's testimony is that the calcu-
lations were made by this young man, about
twpnty-four years of age,who wasa brightyoung
man and very well skilled in this business no
doubt, but nevertheless Mr. Stimers cautioned the
board of construction and Mr. Lenthal that the
calculations hnd been made by the young man and
that they ought certainly to be looked to by the
board. They, however, as 1 understand him,
refused to have anything to do with them, because
they did not believe in these iron-clads or rnoni-
tors, and they would not make the calculations,
and the fact is that your ships were constructed
upon the calculations of this young man alone,
never ascertained or gone over by anybody else
skilled in the business to see whether he had made
the calculations right or whether he might not
have committed some mistake.
They wenton and prepared for the construction
of twenty monitors all after the same model and
all based upon the calculations of this young en-
gineer, and the consequence was just what we
might have expected it would be: your $10,000,000
were expended in the construction of these ves-
sels, and when you came to launch them they
would not carry their armor, their turrets,.their
coal, their munitions of war for a cruise. In other
words, they would not swim; and that was pre-
cisely the mistake we might have expected. Isay
it was culpable carelessness in whoever was
charged with so grave a responsibility as that not
to have taken all the pains that could have been
taken to insure that the work was commenced
right. Ten million dollars were expended in ship-
building, and that, too, in trying a comparatively
new thing which I may almost say was an experi-
ment. That should have required greater care
than if they were building ships after the old fash-
ion on old models that everybody understood.
The proper care was not taken, and consequently
these monitors are admitted by the Department
to have been a failure.
I am not charging the Department with any de-
linquency, because I can see well enough that the
immense business they had on their hands was
such that they could not act on the subject unaided
by these boards. They could glance at it occa-
sionally,as they did,butit was impossible for the
Department to'attend to it without the aid and
earnest cooperation of these boards that were fur-
nished by the Government and paid by the Gov-
ernment to take charge of these things and not
to let them slip carelessly through their fingers
merely because the Government was entering on
an experiment which they did not happen to be-
lieve in. They should have entered on the busi-
ness of the Government with the same anxiety to
succeed as though they had been building ships
in which they themselves had the utmost faith.
They would not do it, however, but turned their
backs on their duty, as I think and as the evi-
dence discloses, and did not aid the Department
at all.
Mr. GRIMES. That is the evidence of Sti-
mers?
Mr. WADE. Yes, I am repeating now more
particularly the evidence of Stimers. ,That is the
only witness I have seen who knows all about
the subject, except Mr. Lenthal, who does not
seem to say much about it, though it is evident
that he does not believe in this kind of shipping.
I am not now, however, speaking on that branch
of the subject. I have very strong opinions my-
self about these monitors. I think they are good
for some purposes, and for others good for but
very little. These light-draughtmomtors, I think,
are a total failure. I know that there was a great
disparity of testimony on that point before the
committee by men who were very competent to
judge, infinitely better judges than I am, whoam
no judge at all; and when we are told that the
speed of these monitors was only three and a half
miles an hour 
Mr. GRIMES. Which one was that?
Mr. WADE. The Cliimo, the one they brought
around from Boston. Some say she went, four
miles an hour.butthe most reliable evidence 1 can
get is that her speed was three and a half miips
an hour; but that was really no test of it which
enabled anybody to say precisely what her speed
was. It was barely incidental. It was ti led for
three or four miles under circumstances that cer-
tainly would not be called a test. It isclear, atany
rate, that these vessels are very slow, so inactive in
the water that they cannot answer the purposes for
which they were originally designed. The idea
in building them was that they were to be used
along the shallow waters of our southern coast
and in ascending rivers. The principal design
was that they should ascend the rivers. It is per-
fectly evident that a vessel which cannot be pro-
pelled more than three and a half miles per hour
can ascend hardly any of our rivers. She could
not begin to make headway up the Mississippi,
and hardly any other river that she would be
called- upon to navigate. I do not suppose she
could go against tide-water where there was any
considerable tide. The current of tides is gener-
ally a*anuch as that,and of our rivers something
lucre.' .
The original purpose for which these monitors
were buitofe admitted on all hands to have failed.
They-cannot carry theirturrets. They have had
to throw them aside, after having built them at
considerable expense. Then they had a water-
tank, the intention being to sink the ship when it
was in peril, so as to decrease the surface to be
exposed to the fire of the enemy. The cisterns
were to be filled with water, and they had an ap-
paratus by which it could be pumped out if they
struck bottom. It was thought that would be a
most excellent arrangement. Perhaps it would
have been, but it did notseem to work. The ves-
sels could not carry the tank and the turrets, and
they had to dispense with them and throw them
away.
The question then was whatto do with the ves-
sels, and that was determined about as loosely as
some other things. I believe that when Captain
Ericsson found they would not answer their pur-
pose he said, why not make torpedo-boats of
them? Then the officers all went in with a hur-
rah for making torpedo-boats of them; and 1 be-
lieve they have got about six of them, throwing
off the turrets, throwing out these water-tanks,
and making them as light as possible, and are try-
ing to use them as torpedo-boats. 1 have inquired
of many of our men who ought to be very com-
petent to judge on the subject, whether they would
make good torpedo-boats. They have not been
able to sail much, only as they are towed by other
vessels. They were brought around from Boston
under tow. They did not sail themselves. They
thought, of course, as anybody would think, that
they were not spry enough afoot for torpedo-
boats; they are too logy for that. Besides, the
same men who spealc of them say that we have
a torpedo-boat that was built for about eighty
thousand dollars, and that, according to the wit-
nesses I have examined, is the very perfection of
a craft for that purpose. These monitors cost
between four and five hundred thousand dollars
apiece, while a torpedo-boat costs about eighty
thousand dollars, is spry, can go where it is wanted
to go, is most admirably calculated to perform
all the duties of a torpedo-boat, according to the
testimony of the best men I have been able to
examine.
Now, sir, I do not want to enlarge on this sub-
ject. I hope these monitors will be able to per-
form something. After it was found that they
were a total failure for the purpose for which they
were originally built, as I have stated, a board
was organized to take into consideration what
might be done with them. They inspected them,
examined them, considered the subject, and came
to the conclusion that if they were built up twenty-
two inches higher on the side they would be able
to carry the armor and be of some service. That,
of couise, would sink them deeper in the water.
They were originally contracted to be built so as
to draw but six and a half feet of water. They
sunk below that, and drew over seven feet in the
original state. When you come to build them up
in this way, they will probably set eight or nine
inches deeper, and draw about seven and a half
feet draught, which is rather nn objection to their
ascending our rivers and navigating the shallow
waters for which they were specially designed;
