1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
59
vessels from the sea into the lakes. We cannot
do that, bat they can.
With this threat, made at a time when we were
in danger of war, staring us in the face, I ask
whether it is not the part of prudence and of cau-
tion, even dealing with a friendly nation, that we
should place ourselves on equal terms. If Great
Britain can throw vessels upon the upper lakes
in derogation of a treaty which was made to pre-
vent this force of mutual invasion and recrimina-
tion, I say we ought to prepare ourselves for the
like security; and there js no other preparation
that 1 know of except to give the President full
authority and means to place suddenly upon the
lakes the necessary force.
i do not anticipate a war with Great Britain.
I wou{d dread it. I think no man ought to say
anything that would contribute to the hostile feel-
• ing between this country and Great Britain.
When Great Britain and the United States fight
with each other, as they may in the course of the
future, though 1 trust not, it will be a batiie of
giants. We have shown by our power in this
war our ability to carry on war fearfully and.
with gieat physical strength; and when we come
to fight England again, if m the course of Provi-
dence we ever do, it will not be a light such as
the war of 1312, or the war of the Revolution;
but it will be a fight between the two greatest
physical Powers of the globe, with tin; single ex-
ception, probably, of France. Such a war ought
to be avoided, and no man in public hfe ought to
say anything that would excite feelings ot hos-
tility between these two great nations speaking
the same language; but yet it is a mark of pru-
dence, it is a mark of caution, to prepare ourselves
for this exigency; and thcrcfoic I think there is
nothing that will go before the Committee on For-
eign Relations which will be more impoitanl, or
which ought to demand more careful cons-dera-
tion, than the question raised by the inference
now moved by the honorable Senator from Wis-
consin.
Mr. SUMNKR. Will the Senator please read
the article to winch he has alluded-
Mr. SHERMAN. The aitHe is a long one,
but for the purpose of recalling h to the meinoiy
of Senators, i will read it. It is, as I have said,
from the London Times of January 7,1862.
"The Naval Re enforcements for North America.
—If praise is clue to the War Uepartment foi their lapiti
and eneigetic action m sending out stoics a.id te-
eniorcements tor Canada. the *.tme tiibut -i c. 'i uiMjiKh-
tionably he chinned b.> the Admuaity lor the rapuhty w Inch
they have shown in prcpaiiiig lor the impending struggle,
strengthening our fleet en the North AmriKan >wunn. and
bringing foi waid the vessels that will be lit lot service on
thelake-s of Canada. It isju<t five weeks since we laid be-
fore our u'adeis a hf-tot tin1 naval force. unaenheconnnand
of Admiial Milne, on the North American and We-t Fndia
station;?. That h'^t comprises five Ime-of battle slaps, ten
firsf-ciuss frigates, and seventeen powcilully aimed cor-
vettes and sloops, all i>t<janiejs, and mounting in ail eighty-
live gillie. This IIect is, in tact, equal to the w hole Federal
Navy. wlM-thei steam oi sailing As we have said, only five
week-s have elapsed since that list was given, and aheady
the preparation* are fai advanced towaicl reenforcing this
fleet will) two liiie-ol-b.iulc ?-hips, twenty-tin ce of the lar-
ge^, taste-t, am! hcav.e>t >ercw frigates, and eight powerful
eoivettcs mounting anions them one thousand guns. Some
of the^e vev^els have >aiied, ami aie already on the station,
otheis. aie on their way nut. others only await their sailing
older? lo^iait ar a moment's nonce; some are in commission
and will he readv and off in a veiy short tune, and only one
or two, -uch as ihe Black Pi nice, though lapidty fitting, are
not«ulheientlv fot w.ud to be connnis-Pioned yet.
" Of the squadron of titrates, each ve-sel Ji.i* been care-
full \ eho-cn for it* gieat sailing speed, high steam power,
and heavy armament, and never vet has suc-h a fleet of
picked chm-cis been sent against any oncm>. Among
them are the Snamion, .">1 guns; Leander. 51; the Eury-
alu*, 51; iHutie), o\ ; O;lando, 51 ; Severn, 51; Plnube, 51 ;
Waruor, 40 ; Black 1'iii.c , 40; Galatea, 23, (ciatei to the
fotmuUblo Ariadne;) 1).'fiance, 22; Defense, (iron.) *2S;
Resistance, (uon.) 522; Satellite, 21; Oipheu--. '21; Bar-
ros-a, 21; IMade-, -U ; H-utie-inke, *J1; Chantieieei, 1/;
Grcvhouitd. il ; Z bia, 1 < : and .tfanieitnmc, 16. The two
line-oi-baitie ships an' the lI"io,i)l irun?, and the Mee-
anee, 81. The ^oop*. vejy heavily armed, are thetftyx, 7
guns; Stromboh, <; J)e\ station, 7; Peitel, 11; Rap.d,
11: llo'ano, 11; Pandoi.i, ; ami \ igdant, 4. All these
slnp^, like tho-e alreadv on the -taiions, are screws or
paddled, vo that by the beginning of Febiuary, Adninal
Milne will have ut his disposal m.\!v Jive s.ul—namely,
seven lin*' of-bntile ship*, t'uiiy-three filiates, and twenty-
five corvette* and sloop*. O; the seven hne-of-b.utie ships,
four—the Si. Gooijie. Conqueioi, Donegal, and Hem—both
>*team and sa.l a< la-t a- tne best ingares m ihe service.
With fcuch a Joiee a total and most effective blockade of
all the Fedeial poits could be established in a single week;
for. unlike the eoa-t hue of the confederate Stales, which
is protected b\ mvmuKoi hnie island-, and countless in-
lets and eikiilneN leading to the moat rivers beyond, ail
the great Federal Irnlmtsiiave such nariovventranees that
a single vessel would be siiliieient to stop all passage in or
out. With the Wariior at Sandy Hook, what could enter
New Yoik, or rather what effectual resistance could Fort
Hamilton and the batteries on Staten Island offer to a
combined attack of the four iton frigates, in case the Gov-
ernment wished to force the passage, and dictate their own
terms of peace by laying the fleet bioadside on to the streets
of New York and Hoboken ? That the Warrior and Black
Prince, Resistance and Defense, could engage and destroy
these batteries without the smallest risk to themselves, the
expeiiments against the Warrior target have proved con-
clusively. A single vessel at each port closes Boston and
Portland, and two off Cape May would be ample for the
Delawaie liver ami the trade of Philadelphia. Admiral
Milne, we believe, has already made very complete ar-
rangements as to the disposition of his squadron, so that,
in the event of war, the Federal cruisers off the southern
coast may be promptly and satisfactorily accounted for.
" The woisipai t of the struggle, however, will not be on
the north Atlantic seaboard, but on the great lakes of Upper
Canada andNoith Ameiica. Itwas said truly in the last
war that whoever was master of these lakes would be the
iiuister of all. The knowledge of this may have led to the
clause in tin" ti eaty of lblo, by which botliPoweid ugr *ed
to bthhl no war ve?sxSs otiMie lakes in time ot peace,and
tin* clause again accounts lor the fact that the New Or-
igan-, eighty-lour guns, commenced in 1814 in Sacked'*
ilaiboi, on Lake Ontario, has icmaiucd unfinished to this
da\\ Of cour-e, fio:n this ves.-el. left unfinished nt.\a]y
fifty years ago, (though it is to this hour ieeKonod in the
Fedeial Navy List as an effective hne-of bmtle ship,) we
have nothing to fear. Tt is, however, most important to
lemember that the Federals have a navy-jaid on Lake
Ontaiio, and that, to avctt tin; lavages of war from Upper
Canada, we mu^tbo careful to maintain as absolute a su-
premacy on Lakes Erie and Ontarioaswe shall do on the
American coast, liom the 13ay of Fundy to the Chesapeake.
This, as concerns our success in the struggle, is a point of
vital interest, and we are glad, therefore, to be able to tell
our readeis that this danger has been foreseen and amply
piovided against, and that within a week after the break-
ing up ot the ice in the rivers and canals a whole fleet of
gunboats, with the most powerful of the screw corvettes
sent out to Admiial Milne, will carry the piotection of the
.English flagtiom Monti eal to Detroit.
" Between Lake Ontaiio and Montreal the navigation of
the St. Lawrence is rendeied difficult and somewhat dan-
gcious to vessels coming down the stieam by the lapids of
Long SauU, the Certain, Caocadcs, and Laeinne, places
where theie are sudden lapids formed by a series of decliv-
ities m the bed of the river, and wheie the waters ru-h
down, sometimes foi a distance of one or two miles, with
a velocity of irorn twenty to neatly twenty-five miles an
honi. Until within the lastfew yeatstheso lapids were con-
sidered too dangeious for any vessel to attempt to descend
them, and, of couise, getting up them again is impossible.
To ovciocnii! the obstacles winch these cuiientsoffered to
watei communication b} the gieat higliu ay of the Ht. Law-
lence to the lakes above, the Canadian government, with
British assistance, have formed a series of canals with m-
nuineiable lock-gates above Montieal, by which the rapids
are avoided, and easy communication obtained with Lakes
OntatiO, Erie, and Michigan. The first canal is about two
mile? long, through the southern extremity of the island of
Montreal, and this avoids the rapids of Lachine. The next,
in oider to avoid the Cascades and Cedars rapids, is much
lougt i, and. unfo.-tuudtclv, it is made on the ngbtor Aineu-
can nank of the nvei. and only some twelve or fifteen miles
distance fiom the tiontl' r it-elf. This extends fiom Beau-
hainais to ilungrv ba\, <md .s called the Beauharnais canal.
The next, the Cornwall canal, extends fiom Cornwall to
Dicken-on's landms, to avoid the Long Sault. Beyond
this arc shoit detached canals at Fai rand's Point, the Platte,
Iroquois, and Galops rapids. Aftet these the navigation is
clear through the Thousand Isiand-s into Lake Ontario.
The tail, wide, thioe-stoned liver steamers which ply be-
tween On tin io and Montieal go up these canals every daj ;
and up these canals, too, the gunboats, sloops, and coi-
vettes must pass to protect the shores and tiade of Western
Canada. They may do so with ease, since all the locks in
these canals aie built to -pass vessels one bundled and
eighty-six feet long, foity-four and a haif feet beam, and
nine feet draught.
" On this important point we can speak with eeitainty. as
wo have an official engmcei's plan, with the dimensions
of the locks and canals, before us. All our smaller twenty-
one-gun filiates, such as the Pj lades, Rattlesnake, Bar-
rosa."Satellite, &c., could, we thmiv. with perfect ease pass
up these locks, if iicrhtt ned ot then heavy stores and aima-
mcnis, which could, of coursc, be taken up with them on
timber la'ts, or Hat-bottomed coumij boats. Onee on the
wate:s of Lake Ontaiio, all our difficulties would bo at an
end, for at the western cxticmity of />ake Ontario 1-? the
Welland canal, connecting Port Dalhousie, on Lake On-
taiio. with Port Colboine. on Lake Enc; '1'he length of
thi  canal is about thiity-five miles, and it pa?scs entirely
through Briu&h teirilory. The lock-gates or; this are capa-
ble of"pas -ing ves-ch of one hundred and foity-two feet
long, twenty-six fe<-t beam,andtcn teet diaught, an ample
accommodation f-"'i the heavy- aimedsix gun sciewdispatch
cunbuat ve . <4s like the Flj ingFish, oreven loi the heavy-
armed eleven-gun sloops of the cla>s t'^hich the Rapid,
Petrel and Rosauo belong. From Lake Due the lliveri-;l.
Clair leads direct between Detroit, on the 'Vmerieau side,
and Chatham, ou the Canadian side, into Lake Michigan.
Vcio^ Lake St. Clair and down the S'. Clair uvei two
tniids of the corn and provision traffic between the Mates
or the for West ami ihe Atlantic ..'aboard B earned m,
and one or two corvettes on Lake t?t. Clair wou.d be sut-
fioL-nt to stop it all. The GiandT.m.k railway   Ijjje
to tlie settlcmi-iit of Saimo, oil like Ilmua, ,irw 1 i.t
-'lores of wl'icli "rows any quantity ot the finest tunbei.
If shipwnslits were employed to build a lew cun;>o.ils at
this nlace,"(ttiejr machinery and armaments could be tor
warded i.y rail.) they could steam at once, by a passase a 
wide as thesuait^ of Dover, inio Lake Mic«iman, and find
not only the etiomious traffic of this great lake, but even
such towns as Chicago and Milwaukee, entirely at th ir
mcrcy. It may be said, peihaps, that in case ot war it us
equally open to ihe Federalists to do all this astooureelves;
but this i  not so. Undoubtedly, if we built gunboats on
Lake Huron, the Federals could build others to cheek
them on Lakes Michigan and Supeiior quite as fast. But
it is equally certain that they cannot possibly buiid steam
frigates and corvettes on Lakes Erie and Ontario as fast as
we can send them up through the canals we have men-
tioned ready built, manned, and equipped. There is, more*
over, only one practicable means of communication be-
tween Ontario and Erie, which Is through the Welland
canal we have spoken of, held by the British. As soouas
the ice breaks, therefore, if the war goes on, we may ex-
pect to find these lakes covered with cruisers, and each
Federal port on them as closely blockaded as Boston and
NcwYotk.
" Ft must not be supposed} however, that the Federals will
quietly acquiesce in oursupiemacy. Inthe time that wouid
intervene between the declaration of war and the thawing
of the canals on the St. Lawrence, the Federals would be
masters of the situation, and would be certain to fit outsome-
thing like the mosquito fleet that swarmed over the West
India station when the 'sensation' as to the slaver right
of ^eaica tan high. Such vessels, however ridiculous when
opposed to steam frigate*, would be very formidable when
there was nothing to resist them, and we cannot meet them
in the lakes belorc next April. Kingston, with its Fort
Henry and some still more formidable batteries, d JUur
d-cau, can take care of itself, and a couple of guns on the
long spit of land which shuts in the splendid harbor of
Hamilton would well shield that fine town. But Whitby,
Cobuig, Belville, cveA Toronto itself, might be laid in
ashes by a couple of ferry-boats carrying long-range guns,
if immediate steps aie not taken to defend them witii earth-
works when it is first spen that war is inevitable. How-
ever, as the Canadian government have direct tejegraphic-
commumcation with Lord Lyons at Washington, we may
tiust they are not likely to be taken by surprise on this
point
{  But there are other moans of carrying the war into the
enemy's territory besides by the Welland and St.Lawience
canals-. Lake Ontario can be reached from Montreal by
the Ottawa and Rideau canal. This is the longest in Can-
ada or America, about one hundred and twenty miles in
length, running fiom Ottawa to Kingston. The locks on
this accomodate vessels of one hundred feet length, nineteen
feet beam, and five and a half feet draught, so that by this
route our gunboats might gain Ontaiio and Erie, while the
coivettesand short frigates catno up by the St. Lawrence.
At Sorel, also, about twenty miles below Montreal, i3 a
river which leads tluough the St. Ours lock and through
the Chamblv canal diiect on to the head of Lake Cham-
plain. The*locks on this canal admit shipsof onehundred
and thirteen feet length, twenty-two and a half feet beam,
and six and a half feet draught—so that by this mate also
any number of gunboats might be sent into Lake Chani-
: plain, on the waters of which there is not a single vesse'
i larger than a steam ferry, and on the shores of which are
large, rich, andutteily unprotected towns, Mich as Bui ling-
ton, New Haven, &c. All these canals aie British prop-
erty, on British soil, and held by the Canadian government
as the keys which give access to our ships to the tnostdis*
tant provinces of the West. Jn our preyious notice of the
military reinforcements for Canada we omitted, fn-speafc-
injr of the high efficiency of the military train, to mention
the name of Colonel McMurdo, to whom, as having been
intrusted with its organization from the commencement
until very recently, ?o much praise is most justly due."
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, there ar<* two
additional topics which the Senator from Ohio
has introduced into the discussion on which I
wish to make a single remark, not by way of
argument, not even to express any difference from
that Senator. He has called attention to the re-
cent order of General Dix, and has averred that
it is supposed by the eminent authority of Mr.
Phillimore, the latest English wiiter on the law
of nations. The words of Mr. Phillimore have
been quoted in tho Canadian press and also in
some of the newspapers of our country. They
do seem to sanction the order of General Dix.
But perhaps the Senator from Ohio has not had
his attention called to another authority of our
own country which is in a different sense. I"
|| refer to the recent work of General Halleck on
;j the law of nations, which, take it all in all, is
I' peihaps the best practical manual on that sub-
j| ject extant. If Senators refer to that, they will
i| ace that fhis writer, after quoting the very words
;! of Mr. PhiNimore, takes exception to them as too
\, broad, and doubts whether any enterprise in pur-
i' suance of that authority would be sustained by
|| the law of nations. In short, he says thatany-
1 thing done in that sense would be an act ot war.
'! Now, sir, I do not intend myself on this occa-
:i sion to expicss any opinion on that question,
i There is no occasion for it.
• j Mr. HOWARD. Will my honorable friend
ij from Massachusetts have the goodness, if the
|t book of General Halieck is at hand, to read the
|| passage to which he refers? It is certainly a very
important principle that General Halieck an-
nounces.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator knows very well
that the debate has come up to-day accidentally;
I have not the book of General Halieck here, i
dare say it is in the Congressional Library, and.
I can have it within a reasonable time, and I shall
