826
THE .CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
belong to the Secretary of the Navy from him and
to give them to a board, and that question not re-
ferred at all to the appropriate committee of this
body, and ail, too, based upon a criticism of con-
tracts that have been made, and of vessels that
have been adopted in the Navy Department, the
testimony upon that subject not even translated
yet.
I think the Senator from Ohio should at once
have yielded to the suggestion of h is colleague and
not have thrust this question for discussion on the
Senate; for surely that Senator knows that the
rest of us are not prepared to vote upon it. Why
does he ask that power shall be taken from the
Secretary of the Navy that now belongs to him?
Why does the Senator ask that there shall be a
board of live men, as he calls them ? For one rea-
son, as is given here, that twenty vessels have
been constructed on a drawing or plan suggested
bysome young engineer, thatthat young engineer
was not qualified, and that the present board did
not examine the plans with sufficient care, and
that the vessels are not a success. That is the
proposition of the Senator; and to support it he
relies exclusively on the short-hand notes in the
hands of the clerk of his committee.
Mr. WADE. No, I do not.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I understood the Senator
to make that argument. I may have misunder-
stood him, but that is the way X understood his
argument. The evidence was not yet translated,
and he could not read it to the Senate.
Mr. WADE. 1 spoke of one witness. I was
asked a question in regard to a witness whose
manuscript was not yet written out.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Perhaps I gave too much
scope to the Senator's argument, but that is the
way I understood him. The argument is based
on the fact, as urged by the Senator, that these
vessels have not been a success, and they have
not been investigated here except by the com-
mittee on the conduct of the war; and with great
respect to the Senator I doubt whether the subject
was within the scope of the committee's jurisdic-
tion. What is the conduct of the war? Does
that involve the building of vessels ?
Mr. WADE. We were specially instructed
on that subject.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I withdraw any
suggestion on that question; but I believe that
committee was not instructed to bring forth a
proposition of this sort. But my point is simply
that this proposition has never been to the ap-
propriate committee. It is the reorganization of
the Navy Department, which certainly the Sen-
ate will not propose to make u n til the Naval Com-
mittee has had an opportunity to consider it.
Would it be tolerated here for a moment that we
should reorganize the War Department without
taking the judgment of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs upon it; or the Post Office Depart-
ment without hearing the distinguished chairman
of that committee upon that subject? Not for a
moment.
Therefore I think the suggestion of the chair-
man of the Finance Committee is a very reason-
able one, that the Senate is not now in a condition
to decide upon the question. There will be de-
bate upon it; there is no doubt about that; and
certainly the Senator's own statement does not
entitle this proposition to a peculiar consideration
in the body when he informs us that it has al-
ready been considered in the House of Repre-
sentatives and rejected there. He says he knows
now, at least he thinks now, the House will change
its judgment; but he does not tell us what mem-
bers have told him they were going to vote other-
wise upon the next vote. He may think so, but
we have the record now that the proposition he
brings before the Senate has been rejected by the
other branch of the Legislature. I think the prop-
osition of his colleague is a very reasonable one,
that this amendment shall not be pressed, that we
shall not go into the investigation of so important
a question as this, with the present information of
the Senate on the subject.
Mr. WADE. One word in reply to the Sen-
ator. He says that we take undue advantage,
that I am now speaking of a thing that is unknown
to anybody except the committee on the conduct
of the war. It would be a very poor compliment
to the Naval Committee to assume that they know
nothingaboutthesubjeettowhich I have referred;
that the committee having special charge of naval
affairs and knowing that ten millions of money
had been appropriated for the construction of cer-
tain vessels which everybody knows, if the Naval
Committee do not, have been criticised out ofdoors
and in doors for months, have not taken it under
consideration at all. Sir, there is not a Senator
here who does not know that the original draught
of these monitors was condemned, not by me, but
by the Department themselves.
He says my condemnation of these vessels is
based on the notes of the stenographer. Why,
sir, 1 do not condemn them more than does the
Secretary of the Navy. We wrote to him a com-
munication in regard to it, and I supposed the
Naval Committee, who are specially charged with
this duty, would do as much as we have done,
call on him to know what state and condition
these vessels were in, whether they were good,
bad, or indifferent, what information he could give
us on the subject. I did not bring his manuscript
in here because I presumed the Naval Committee
knew it as well as or better than I did. That De-
partment do not deny that the original draughtof
these monitors was a total failure, and the Senate
knows it no doubt. Everybody knows that that
is the condition of things. Nobody stands forth
as their advocate that I know of. You do not
want to go through any stenographer's notes to
know it. The world knows it. The ship-build-
ers know it. The Naval Committee know it.
The question is, can you make anything of them
now? I hope you can, but I say as 1 said be-
fore, our investigations show that that is a mooted
point, some believing they will be of use forhar-
bor defense, and others thinking that their arma-
ture is not stout enough, and being so designed,
they cannot be of any considerable use for that
purpose. I do not know how that will be. I
hope they may prove an entire success, and lam
not here to say they will not. I hope they will
be a success, but I believe with that portion of
the nautical men I have examined, who think
they will not be of any considerable use even for
harbor defense, for they ought to be of a stouter
class, carrying heavier armor, carrying heavy
guns, and built for that purpose, for this is an
afterthought. If you get any use out of them it
is not what they were originally designed for, but
it is a mere afterthought to see if you cannot make
something out of that which had proved a failure.
And I am told that the Naval Committee do not
know anything about it, and that the committee
on the conduct of the war have presumptuously
come in here to give their opinion! No, sir, it was
no pleasure to me to enter into this investigation.
I never intended to touch it; I never thought of
doing it until the Senate instructed us to enter
upon it, and then I had no choice about it.. I was
compelled to go into it, and I am not to be snubbed
off, after you have ordered me to do it, by saying
that I know nothing about it, and that I am in-
competent to make the investigation. If that were
so, you should not have instructed me to go into
the investigation. I do not pretend to be compe-
tent; but I do pretend that I can examine a wit-
ness and that I can tell what he testifies to, and he
can tell me whether he is a naval man or not, what
office he holds under this Government, and if he is
trusted by the Government. If they say he has
skill forthese things and I examine him, his opin-
ion may be worth something, although mine is
not. 1 know the chairman of the Naval Commit-
tee, and a more industrious and astute man never
took charge of any subject; and for any one to tell
me that he never heard anything about this is all
moonshine.
Why did you fail ? I tell you that it is a fail-
ure. I have told you what the witness to whom
I referred testifies about the failure—he who was
charged with it, and perhaps the only man who
was fully informed on the subject except Mr. Len-
thal, and whom we did not succeed in getting till
two or three days ago. If his testimony was
written out I would have broughtit here, because
I think it very essential. I know but little about
him, but I suppose he is an honorable man.
Mr.GRIMES. You refer to Stimers.
Mr. WADE. Yes. I know he is intrusted
by the Government with some of the most im-
portant trusts you can bestow on a man, and of
course the committee have no hesitation in trust-
ing him. He has detailed the facts showing that
the old board of construction would not do any-
thing about it, and left these ships to be built
upon calculations made by a young man. He
cautioned them about that at the time, being taken
off into other business and ordered tootherduty.
He told them all he could tell them, that this was
the calculation of a young man comparatively in-
experienced, although in other respects a very
food man, a commendable young man; but the
uty was too important to be trusted to any one,
and they failed in consequence. That is all I
have said about jt; and now let the Senate vote
as it pleases on the subject. I have discharged
my duty, let others discharge theirs.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. ANTHONY. I understood that the chair-
man ofthe Committee on Finance had no objection
to an adjournment; but if he objects to itl with-
draw the motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is manifestthatwehave
not a quorum, and I should like to have a vote
taken on the question of adjournment to show
that there is not a quorum here. We must press
the appropriation bills. If Senators are going to
put all the bills on the Calendar upon the appro-
priation bills as amendments we shall have to sit
here a long time.
Mr. ANTHONY. We always do precisely
as the chairman of the Finance Committee tells
us on occasions like this, and as we have a very
good-natured chairman now 1 thought he would
be willing to yield to a motion to adjourn; but as
he wishes to call for the yeas and nays, I with-
draw the motion.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 16,1865.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. A. B. Earle, of Abingdon, Massachu-
setts.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to make a sugges-
tion to the House. I find it very difficult to get
meetings of the House in the evening on account
of the illness of so many members, and the nu-
merous religious exercises that are going on in
this city just at this particular time. I desire to
suggest, therefore, that instead of the present
evening sessions the House, until otherwise or-
dered, shall agree to meet at eleven o'clock a. m.,
and sit until half past five p. m. I think that
that will be more comfortable and that we shall
get through with more business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 desire to
make a suggestion to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania. I think myself that we shall do a great
deal more business in the mode suggested by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania. The only ques-
tion is as to meeti|g at eleven o'clock. Some of
the committees 1 know have a great deal of busi-
ness to do.  
Mr. STEVENS. Our committee propose to
meet in the evenings.
Mr. ALLEY. I would suggest to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania that the committees be
allowed to sit during the sessions of the House
until twelve o'clock, m.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. We never
could get a quorum under such circumstances.
Mr. STEVENS. Our committee haveagreed
to meet in the evening.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to call the attention
of the House to the business before the Commit-
tee of Elections, in connection with the sugges-
tion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania. There
are eight cases undisposed of before the Commit-
tee of Elections, some of which are before the
House, and they are of such a character that it
is due both to the parties and to the House that
they be disposed of at the earliest possible mo-
ment. The House wiiI bear me witness that I
have not been pressing them upon the attention
of the House so as to interrupt the business of
the Committee of Ways and Means, which is of
so much importance. It is my intention tobnng
them before the House, to-morrow, immediately
after the morning hour,and of course, when they
are before the House, they will be for Us disposal.
From watching the proceedings of both branches
