1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of those colonies, undertake; to repeal so benefi-
cent a measure for ourselves ay is the reciprocity
tieaty. It may in some cases,in some localities,
and in regard to some interests, have operated
disndv untngeously; I do not doubt that it has, be-
cause that seems to be the judgment of some gen-
tleman; but in a great national point of view, and
particuhuly with reference to (fiat great national
consideration, the nurture of seamen, the. privi-
lege that this tieaty gives to the fishermen of the
United States of fishing within three miles of the
British coasts and going upon British territory to
euro their fish, is a privilege that I think Massa-
chusetts and Maine will deliberate a very long
time before they will consent to give up.
Now, Mr. President, while 1 am up i w'ant to
say another woid in legaid to the matter of this
biH. J do not care much to what committee it
may be rt'feired, but I do hope that the Senate
will consider, and consider maturely, the condi-
tion of things; and that because we are smarting
under the unjust decision of a Bntish magistrate
in a matter in regard to which the public mind
has been exceedingly excited, we will not, under
atempouny nutation for this cause, enter upon
a system of hasty legislation, one that will he cal-
culated to excite rather than to allay the animosi-
ties of these contiguous peoples.
Sir, I believe to-day that the sentiment of the
authorities m the British provinces is foi discharg-
ing their duty in regard to this counti y. 1 know
that in some parts of the provinces the feeling
among the people is different; and I can explain
something of what makes it so. Go into i-Iahfax,
for instance, which is the great depot for block-
ade runners at the present time, where they load
their vessels to eo to Bermuda and Nassau, and
then take the chance of running them into Wil-
mington. At Halifax they get th< lr supplies of
groceries, meat, and everything of that sort. The
consequence has been to raise the market pi ire of
those aitieles m the Bntish ports; and those who
deal in them, and find the prices of them raised,
necessarily have their sympathies and their feel-
ings enlisted on the side that puts money in their
pockets, more than on the other side. But that
there is any settled feeling of hostility to this
country among those who control the piovineial
governments, or control public sentiment there, 1
do not believe,
I regret as much as anybody the things that
have occurred; 1 feel as indignant as anybody,
and I have felt so for a long Line; but 1 think the
time has gone by for us to get angry without lea-
son. The time was when we could have got mad
with giace and dignity, and it was when the in-
solent demand was made by Great Britain upon
us, m an insolent manner, foi the sui render of
Mason and Shdeli, Then we could have Mood
before heaven and eaith, and we ought to have
stood there. That was my opinion then, it is my
opinion now'. Great Britain demanded the sur-
render of Mason and Shdell, and in the same
breath in which she made the demand :-die sent
her troops in a threatening aspect into her prov-
inces here, ready to back up by force of arms the
demand which she had made. My honorable
friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] made
on that occasion, as he always makes,a very able
speech on that subject; and it was my inten-
tion, in my pool way and with suich feeble sug-
gestions as ) could make, to suggest the fallacy
and the infirmity of the argum«nt which he sub-
mitted to the Senate. But, sir, I did not want,
even by implication, to do anything which should
add fuel to the flames that seemed to be threaten-
ing a general conflagration. Let me tell the Sen-
ator here now, however, though I have not read
his speech, I am sorry to say, since it was deliv-
ered, that Great Britain had been in the habit of
doing the very saint thing year after year and year
after year. She had met American vessels sail-
ing under the American flag, and claimed the right
to stop them and to take anybody that the cap-
tain of the British cruiser judged to bean English
subject from under the protection of our flag and
transfer him to theirs. The Senator says that
is true," that is what they had done. The in-
firmity of his argument was tins, that when Great
Britain came to have that very same thing prac-
ticed on her, 'hen she would not submit; then it
was snothei bull that had gored the ox, and she
was prepared to examine the question, and if, and
if, and if, uiid so on. Now, sir, what was it?
The* whole matter was that Great Britain had
practiced upon one interpretation of national law
when her cruisers took her alleged subjects out
of our vessels, and when our vessels undertook
to apply the same rule, to take men that owed
allegiance to this country and were in rebellion
against it out of her vessels, she assumed another
and a totally different policy, and the Senator
from Massachusetts construed that as an aban-
donment of the piratical doctrine that she had
lived upon for so many years before. He will
excuse me (for nobody has more respect for him
than I have) when I say that that is an answer to
his whole speech, beautiful as it was, though it,
may be presumptuous for me to suppose that an
off-hand utterance of mine can answer so elabo-
late an argumentas that; butit is there,sir. We
ought to have resisted that, and we ought to have
lesistcd it the more for the insolent and the threat-
ening manner in which it was made. If we had
stood up then we should have had the sympa-
thies of the civilized world with us, because we
should have then said " we will not submit to
have a mle one way for-you and another way for
us."
Mr. President, let no man say anything lightly
that will have a tendency to provoke a war between
these two #rcat countries; let no man and no
body of men do anything lightly that shall have
a tendency to disturb the, relations of peace be-
tween this country and Great Britain. 1 should
look upon it as one of the greatest calamities that
could befall the civilized woild. But, sir, we are
now at war, we are in the desperate contingencies
of national life or death, and 1 say that if national
life cannot be preserved with national honor, then
come national death; the loss of national honor
can never be letnevcd. 1 say, therefore, we
should not hastily, even by any words of debate,
say anything which shall have a tendency to ex-
cite such a feeling and to provoke such a result.
Mr. President, I believe that by wise counsels,
and by prudent and by firm counsels, we can do
everything that the emergencies of the time re-
quire. i rejoice to notice in the papers which
have come to hand since the orderof Geneiul Dix
was made, and bofoie the order of the President
counteimanding it, that the tone of the leading
presses in the provinces, in Canada especially,
was one of justification of General Dix's older.
They did not feel that it was an infringement
upon the dignity or the power of Great Britain,
but, so far as I have seen, and I have seen num-
b  rs of them, the tone of the press m the Canadas
was almost univeisal in sustaining th4 position
which General Dix had taken. The Picsident
thought duTeiently, and I am content with that.
Butj &ir, while we would do nothing lashly,
and while i would counsel nothing rashly, I would
counsel firmness; and 1 confess I regret (though
upon the whole I agree with the general tenor
of the letter) that our minister at Brazil, in the
communication which he made touching the seiz-
ure of the vessel Fioiida by our cruiscr, admits
so boldly and so baldly as he does that Ave had
submitted to wrong and insolence from Gieat
Britain because we were not in a situation to re-
sent it. It may possibly be true; butif ltbe tiue,
it should have been kept in the most secret re-
cesses of the patriotic heart, and never should
have been utteied until we. were in a situation to
enfotce that which we believed to be our right.
Now, Mr. President, I have,said thus much
because 1 have totally disagreed with those who
would repeal this reciprocity treaty. 1 think it
is a gieat measure of good, not only to the com-
fort but to the military ability and to the naval
force of thecountiy. Now, when everybody feels
aggrieved, when everybody feels that we hove
been trcate'd by the subordinates of ihe Canadian
govemmentas no independent nation should sub-
mit to be treated, I hope that in such an hour and
such a time as this, while we take counsel of that
patriotic indignation which bums in every Amer-
ican bieast at this gieat outrage, we will still take
counsel of prudence as well as firmness. I be-
lieve that this feeling of indignation at the treat-
ment we have received fiom Canada, although
unofficial, is not confined to this countty; 1 believe
it is the univeisal expression of the public mind
of the best classes and of the leading classes in
i■ the Canadas; and 1 hope, to say the least, that
!, this Government, or the Senate, or any official of
ii this Government, will not commit itself to any
action -until we have heard from the
ernment and seen what they say ou theothe.rti<le
of the water in regaid to the wrongs tliat have
been inflicted upon' us. • Let us not do whatofttf
minister at Brazil complains that Great Brilain
did. He complains that when the rebellion brokfe
out, before our minister had been received,frefore
there had been an opportunity to say a wofrfftcHty
this Government in regard to the state of tftiegs,
in hot haste, as soon as the war commenced, Gre&t
Britain acknowledged the rebels as bfelligprehts.
Well, sir, it was a great wrong, it was agreat out-
rage; but let us not do what amounts Jto the same
thing in a similar case. Let us not put ouraejvtes
in any position that can be construed as offensive
to Great Britain, until we know how Great Brit-
am herself looks upon the transaction of which
we complain.
Mr. FARWELL. I did not propose "to take
any part in this discussion; but as the Senator
from New Hampshire has called upon me, I will
state for the information of that Senator and of
the Senate that my impression is that the fisher-
men of New England would be very well con-
tent to have the reciprocity treaty repealed. To be
sure, the reciprocity "treaty gives them some priv-
ileges which were denied them under former treat-
ies; for instance, the privilege of fishing within
three miles of the coast of the provinces; but,
upon the other hand, the duty on salt which our
fishermen have to pay is at this time very heavy.
Salt costs on board fishing vessels ttiis year one
dollar a bushel. Then they are obliged to go on
the coast of the provinces to get their fares of
fish, with considerable loss of time and expense.
The provincial fishermen put their salt on board
at about one third the cost of ours; they go out
from their own harbors light upon the coast and
catch their fares of fish; they biing them duty
free into our market to compete with our fisher-
men. Therefore 1 think that our fishermen would
be the last men to complain of the repeal of the
reciprocity treaty.
1 was content with the reference of this ques-
tion to the Committee on Foreign Relations,and
I wish to say here that I have great admiration
for the manner m which the foreign relations of
this country have been managed, both by the
executive department and by the two Houses of
Congress. If by any forbearance short of the loss
of national honor we can prevent at this time anv
collision or any complication of our affairs with
foreign countries, it is not good policy to bring
about any such collision or complication.
This discussion has taken a wide range, and I
propose now to allude to one or two things which
Slave occurred here without any remark from me.
A resolution of inquiry was presented last week
in regard to making a list of vessels destroyed by
the pirates which have been fitted out from Eng-
land, and calling upon England to pay us for'those
vessels. The people of my State are very much
interested in that subject. We have had a good
many vessels destroyed by these pirates, and I
hope the time will come when England will pay
every dollar of the value of our vessels destroyed;
but I would not advise the making of a claim di-
lectly on England for the payment of those ves-
sels at tht present time. If the Government should
collect the money, to whom would itbe paid? To
whom docs it belong? As a general thing the
vessels that have been destroyed were insured.
The insurance companies have paid for them.
The insurance companies have collected the
money in the shape of war premiums from the
whole commerce of the country. It is, therefore,
a loss to the commerce of the country, and not to
the men who have individually lost the vesselsor
fo the insurance companies which have paid for
them; but there may be eases of individual hard-
ship, where Congress may think proper to grant
relief. 1 hope to see this money collected in an-
other way. I have noticed a movement in the
other House for the repeal of that cluusc of the
Constitution which prohibits the laying of an
export duty, and I hope the prohibition may be
repealed. More than forty years ago cotton was
proclaimed king in this country, and it was king;
but now, like another king that we read of, it is
driven out to eat grass for a season. But, sir, it
will be king again, it will be crowned again as
king, and this country is to rule the king that will
rule the world; and, sir, when this vast southern
country shall be opened, and when free labor shall
