62
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
to down and occupy it, when cotton can be pro-
ceed for eight or nine cents a pound, and laid
d6wn in our harbors ready for export, then it will
be for the interest of the men who raise the cot-
ton,and the interest of this whole country, to put
an export duty of at least five cents a pound upon
cotton. Then, sir, instead of England controlling:
the market for cotton by taking the great bulk of
the crop, the manufacturing interest both North
and South will spring up, and at least half the crop
will be manufactured at home, and the price will
not be exclusively in the control of British mer-
chants and British manufacturers, where with
cheap money they hoard up then-millions of bales
and hold them in order to govern the price. Sir,
I trust that all our vessels which have been de-
stroyed will be paid for, together with a large
amount of the interest of our debt, by an export
duty upon cotton.
But, sir, if there shall be war between England
and this country, it will be a war upon the ocean,
and I wish here to say one word to Senators upon
this topic. The legislation of the last two years
has been extremely cruel to our commerce. Hemp,
iron, copper, everything that goes into the con-
struction of ships is highly taxed, and then there
is a special tax laid upon the construction, a ton-
nage duty laid every time a vessel comes into
port; and further, Congress has required every
man who owns a ship which has been once meas-
ured and registered by the Government to go on
at n large expense arid have her remeasured for
the pleasuse of the Government, or for their ac-
commodation, orforsome other purpose, unasked
for by the commercial men of the country. The
resulthas been, with the war premiums which we
are obliged to pay not only on the hull but practi-
cally upon every cargo carried, for no merchant
will ship his goods in an American bottom unless
he gets the freight enough cheaper to cover the
extra war premium on the cargo—the result
practically is that we are unfitting out selves for a
war with England; we arc driving commerce fiom
the country; our shipping is being sold every day
to foreigners, and what is not being sold is being
denationalized by a transfer to a foreigner and a
foreign flag hoisted over it.
Senators will see by looking at the report of the
Secretary of the Navy that we have now fifty one
thousand sailors in our Navy, a:,d I think there
can be but very few moie than that now engaged
in the commercial marine of the counti y. Nearly
half of all the sailors arc taken from the commet-
cial marine and transferred to the Navy. Then,
besides all the other obstacles in the way of the
commercial marine of the counti y, is the gieat
advance in wages caused b/ the high Ixnmres
and the large inducements offered f<u men to go
into the Navy. I trust that the committee who art:
to have litis subject under considei atfon will as far
as possible endeavor to relieve the commerce of
the country from all charges which are not paid
by foreigners with whom wo hate to compete. I
would, however, assure our friends at the West
that they need not b« aUimod m the event of a utp-
ture with England. At the first speck of war,
With our sup* i ior land foi c<- to any she cart put on
foot on this continent, we should take pos^sion
of the ingress to the lakes, and with out commer-
cial maiine, our sieamei s so easily converted into
war vessels, we should have rntne control of the
lakes.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Michigan
[Mr. Howard] asked me to tend to the Senate
the important words of General Halleck to which
I refetred in debate. 1 tohl him that I had not
the book then with m<\ Since then I have pent
to the Congression.il Libraiy, and I now have if
before mo. [ do not wish to trespass upon the
time of the Senate, but perhaps it would not he
uninteresting to Senators to hear the precise state-
ment of this learned authority on the question
which is now one of practical interest to the whole
country. General Halleck begins on page 94 by
citing the words of Mr. Phiihmore, the "English
authority, as follow*:
" A rebellion, or a civil commotion, it msn happen, a«i
tates a nation; while the authoiiu'.^ are engaged ni im-
pressing it, band* ot' rebel! p-iss the troufiui, ^holier them-
selves under tiie piotection of the couteiruinous tfute,
ami fiom ttienc", vvitn reacted stiength and fie-h ;ippii-
anct-, renew th'-n mva.ioiH upon liio fcState fiom winch
they have e_-cap>-d. The >nv;ided Slate reuionsraifw Tu"
remonstrance, whethei fioni favor fo tlx* lebeN, or
lie^ ot the Executive, n unheeded. o:, at least, the evil
complained of t.'m.ui^ uuedie-, <-d. I u thi ' t;.t" ofthu.-i-J
the invaded State Is warranted by international law in cross-
ing the frontier, and in taking the necessary means for her
safety, whether these be the capture or dispersion of the
rebels, or the destruction of their stronghold, as the exi-
gencies of the ca e may fairly require."
'These are the words of the English authority,
already referred to by the Senator from Ohio,
quoted by General Halleck. He then proceeds:
"This is certainly a very extraordinary pretension; let
us examine the reasons by which it has been attempted to
sustain this right of extra-territoriai jurisdiction. (Philli-
morc, On Int. Law, vol. 1,§ £13; Jflullimore,letter to Lord
Ashburton, p. 27, ct scq.)
uMr. Phillimore has himself pointed out what he con-
ceives to be the principle of international law, from which
he derives this pietended right of one State to tiansgress
the borders of its neighbor's teiritory in tune of peace, not
as an act of hostility, but as a kind of pacifico-beiligerent
right of territorial violabiiity ; pacific with respect to the
Stale whose territory is invaded, and belligerent with re-
spect to the particular-powprs and places attacked or de-
stroyed."
tie then proceeds to quote some other words
from Mr. Phillimore, and goes on as follows:
"The defect of Mr. Phillmiore's argument consists in
the assumption ot a false principle for its basis, and his
en-oneoufc pieinist's necessanjy lead him to an erroneous
conclusion. Theie can he no conflict of rights, strict ijuris,
between States in tune of peace. No such piinciple is
admitted in the cone of public international law. It is a
maxim of that law that evcty right i  followed by cone-
sporuhug (Juiiesand obligations. If, therefore,one Stale has
a light to violate the ten i tot y of a neighbor in tune of peace,
lor what it sees fit to considei the purposes of self-defense,
that neighbor is bound to peimit its teiritory to be so vio-
lated as often as the other patty may conceive that the
necessity exists. But it is an established principle that
every sovereign State ha* a light to protect tlic inviolability
of its* teiritory, and that any invasion of it is an act ofhos-
tihty which may be repelled by force. So, the other parly
may also enforce, with arms, if need be, its own right of
temtorial tran.-giession, incident to its paramount light of
self-defense! Here, then, we have t'oice lepellinrf force
in the pacific exercise of established public international
lights! This is the legitimate and necessary consequence
of Mi. Philh'nore's aigument. Us defects are too mani-
fest to lequne anv extended di^cu^ion. (Webster, Off.
and Dip. 1'apeis, pp. 104-120,140-222; Phillimore on Int.
Lnw, vol. 1 j ^21J,218; Wild man, Int. Law, vol. 1, ch. 2.)*'
But the author does not consider us without a
remedy. He proceeds:
u But St maj bo at-kod, shall the State, which is suffeiing
fiom the pnatteal incursions oiganizcd in and emanating i
{i i)i! t a neighboi uig State, do nothing in sclt-defense and'
i>u soli'-pi( t-eivauon ? Mu.-t she w.utnll the invadiegforce '
cio-^es, |ici own boiden before mio can attack or destroy ;
if? Not at all. If the neighboring State, from the want j
eitlierof the will oi of the ability,neglects to pievent Mieh j
c\ctiif ions oi to Mippie&«* Midi 6i'j.uiiz.iiious>, the tlne.it- j
e.ied r-'Mte may eio^ the i',oniiet ami attnrk or de&tioy the j
thii-atened dancer. Hut the a-t i-^ one ot hostility, and she j
P'Tiorms it m the exercise of hei belh^eieat rights, not in j
the oxoiCHC of a pacific ught of self-defense. It is not j
ncceb-aty that such aetshould be preceded by a declaration
of wat. not, indeed, that it should be followed by a public
and soiorm'Twar in nam; neverthelos, it is a belligerent
act, justifiable, peihap-i, by tin; eucum-tanees of the case
and tne culpable neglect of the other pattv, and, as such,
belongs to that das*, of hostile operations known in inter-
national jui ibpnuionce as imperfect tear, and which will be
moie pruticulaily discussed mauothei chapter. (Wheaton,
Etem. Irit. l*aw, pt. 'J, eh. 1, § 13; Grotnis, de iur. Bel. ac
Pac., lib- J,cap. o, 1; Builainaqui, Dioit de la Nat., &c.,
tome o, pt. 4, ill. 3; Vattel, Droit des Gens, hv. 0, ch. G,
My object is simply to call attention to the
words of this learned writer, withoutmyself ex-
pressing any opinion upon the point in question, j
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr.President, as I supposed ]
the fact to be, from recollection, no authority is j
cited by Halleck in support ot his criticism on ,
Pluilmioie. And, in uuth,it will be seen that he [
differs with Phillimore as to the chaiacter of the j
right lather than an to the right itself, as to us proper j
designation rather than its existence. Phillimore
considers >f as a peaceful remedy, a peaceful right,
of which the Government whose territory is in-
vaded cannot justly complain. General Halleck
considers it a be<iigerent light, and if it be a
belligerent light it cannot be a just subject of
complaint. VVhethei, theiefore, it be called a
belligerent right or a peaceful right is perfectly
immaterial. All that I maintained, and all that
General Dixevidently thought when he issued his
order, was that there existed a right in the United
States to take the course which he dnected his
officers to take.
A word in relation to what fell from the honor-
able member from New Hampslme, [Mr. Hale.]
It is very desirable, of course, t hat while; we are de- , j
tei mined to cxact justice of all notions, v/e should j!
see that we are not doing injustice ourselves in the ;i
particular ofwhtch we may complain. The honor- I
aide mem lie r says that our Goves mm-nt was wrong .
in nui iendenn^ Shdeli and Ma^.t, Perhaps the
gem.-rai nentimentofihuptopL uftiie Un:ted Suit! r; ,
at that time was in accordance with that opinion.
He supposes that the surrender was not justified;
that England had no right to demand it, because
she had been, before our war with hcrof 18129 in
the habit of taking from the protection of our own
flag those whom she claimed to owe allegiance to
her. Jtis true that she made such a claim and acted
upon it, but we neveradmitted it; on the contrary,
from the first we denied it, and finally we went to
war because of it; and although the asserted right
was not formally surrendered by her at the termi-
nation of that war, yet in point of fact she has never
since exercised it. Itis indeed as effectually extin-
guished as if it had been expressly ienounced, and
I think the honorable member will find, if he will
read the correspondence that passed between Eng-
land and the United States in relation to her once
asserted right, that the fixed opinion of the Amer-
ican people and Government was that such right
was entirely without foundation.
A word more. It has been over and over again
asserted by the press, and by many of our public
men, that England did us great wrong in recog-
nizing the confederate government at all as an
existing government, and as such entitled to bel-
ligerent rights; that she did this too speedily.
Now, we should remember that tfte doctrine is
perfectly well settled with us that in the caso of a
civil revolution, if the revolting people are pre-
sented before the world as having a government
in fact, and evincing a determination to maintain
it mtact, and apparently an ability to maintain it,
its existence is to be admitted by all foreign na-
tions, and all the consequent belligerent rights
recognized. Wediditin the case of South Amer-
ica. We have done it, and are now doing it, as
the President tells us, if I recollect, in his message,
in a much more recent instance. Maximilian
put upon the throne, or attempted to be put upon
the throne of Mexico by Napoleon, and a civil war
waging between him and the. former republic, the
President tells us that he recognizes and observes
strict neutrality between the two. This is pre-
cisely what England has done in our civil war,
and it was done at the earliest moment, too, by us.
Now, I submit, under all the circumstances,
can we justly complain that England acted too
speedily? We should not forget what we have done
outseives. But what have we done m our war?
This insurrection began in April, 1861. In July,
1861, the Congress of the United States by legis-
lation recognized the existence of the war, and the
Supreme Court in their decision in the prize cases
at December term, 1862, relied upon that act as
conclusive that the confederate government was
a government de facto, and that we had the right
to proceed against it by embargo, or by blockade,
or in any other way known to the laws of nations,
the same that we would have against a foreign
nation with whom we might at any time be at
war. And from that day to this, and indeed even
before the 13th of July, 1861, when your first act
was passed, we have recognized the confederate
government as a government de facto, giving us
for the time being every belligerent right. We
have, therefore, been vei y quick in our own move-
ments in following the example of Great Britain
m the matter; in truth, w§anticipated her, and that
being the case, perhaps it would be as well for us
not to complain very bitterly of what she has
done.
The motion to lefer the bill to the Committee
on Foreign Relations was agreed to.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. WILSON gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to increase the num-
ber of cadets in and raise the standard of admis-
sion to the Military Academy.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
358) to establish the grade of vice admiral in
file United States Navy, which was read twice by
its title, and refoned to tiie Committee on Naval
Affair?.
Mr. HENDERSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 359) to reimbuise the State of Missouri for
moneys expended for the United States; which
was lead twice by its title, refoned to the Com-
mittee on Mihtaiy Affairs and the Miiitia, and
o; <!<•! id to he pt inted.
