66
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
out the last clause. There may, under certain
circumstances, be occasion for diplomatic expla-
nation. It strikes me that the broad language
used there is objectionable.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland,. I cannot agree to
that modification. It is one of the first and most
important principles in the popular body in afree
Government that its proceedings, while pending,
shall not be made the subject of diplomatic ex-
planation.
The previous question was seconded—ayes 68,
noes 43.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I move to lay the res-
olution on the table, and on that motion I de-
mand the yeas and nays.
Mr. STEVENS. I have not distinctly under-
stood whether the gentleman from Maryland ac-
cepted the amendment I proposed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair so understands.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I did accept it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Thequestion was taken on Mr. Farnswortii's
•motion, and it was decided in the negative—yeas
4&, nays 73, not voting 60; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Arnold. Baily, John D. Baldwin,
Beaman, Blair, Bounveil, Bioomalj, Ambrose W. Clark,
Cobb, Cole,'Cresweil, Thomas T. Davis, Dawes, Dixon,
Dri««s, Eckloy, Eliot, Farnswonh., Prank, Hale, John 11,
Hubbard, Ilulburd, Kasson, Kelley, Francis W. Keliosrg,
Orlando Kellogg, Littlejohn, Longvear, Marvin, McBride,
Mclndoe, Amos Mycis, Leonard Myers, Chailes O'Neill,
Pike, Pomeioy, Alexander II. Rice, Edward H. Rolling
Smitb, Thayer,Thomas, Tiacy. Upson, Van Valkenburgh,
Eliliu j3. VVaslibuuje, William B. Washburn,Wilson, and
Windom— 49.
NAYS—Messrs. William J. Alien, Allison, Ames,-An-
cona, Andeison, Augustus 0. Baldwin, Baxter, Bliss,
l low, Boyd, Brooks, James S. Biown, Chanler, Co/fioth,
Cox, Cravens, Hctny Winter Davis, Dawson, Doming,
Denison, Eden, Eldridge, Finek, Ganson, Garfield, Guder,
Harding, Harrington, Charles M. Harris, Ilenick, Higby,
Jlolman, Asaliel W. Iiubbaid, Jenckes, Kcrnan, Knapp,
Knox, Law, LoBlond, Mailory, Marcy, McClurg, McKm-
ney, Mooiheatl, James R. Morris, Nelson, Noble, John
O'Neill.Oith, Pendleton, Peiry, Price, Pi uyn, Samuel J.
Randall, Ro*s, Schenek, Scofield, Scott, Sloan, Smithers,
Spalding, John B. Steele, Stevens, Stronse, Stuart, Sweat,
Town^end, Vooiheos, Wadsworth, Wlialey, Joseph W.
White, Williams, and Yea man—79.
NOT VOTING—Mc^sis. James 0. Allen, A^ldev, 15 lame,
Uiandogee, William G. I5i«>\vd, Fiocman Clarke. Clav,
l>onnolh, Dumoni, Edgerton, Km>Ii<h, l-Vnton, Oooch,
(Ijinnell. Cris-wold, Hall, Benjamin G. Harris, Hooper,
Hotehki-ss, Jlutcluri^, lnger^oll, Philip Johnson, Wilham
Jonn<ou, Julian, K.i!bllei>eh, King, Lazoar, Loan, Long,
MeAIhsier, McDowell, Middh-ton, Samuel F. Miller, Wil-
liam H.Miller, Moinil, Daniel Mnirw, Moiu-on, Norton,
OdeJI, Putter>on, i'eiham, Radfoid, William H. Randall,
.loau 11. Jilcv, Piobiusjon, Rogei:*, James S. Rollins, Shan-
non, Starr, William G. Steele, Stiles, Waid, Webster,
Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Wifdei, Winfield, Benjamin
Wood, Fei oando Wood, and Woodbridge—60.
So the House refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
During the roll-call,
Mi-. SLOAN stated that Mr. Wheeler, was
detained at home by sickness.
Mr. ANCONA made a similar statement in
regard to Mr. Miller, of Pennsylvania.
Mr. SHANNON, who was not within the bar
when his name was called, asked leave to vote.
Mr. DAWES objected.
The result of the "vote having been announced
as 'above leeordod, the question recurred upon
ordering the main question.
Mr. PRUYN. 1 wish to ask the consent of
the gentleman from Maryland to modify the res-
olution by inserting the words " policy of" before
the words " such proposition,'' near the close of
the resolution. That uas what I meant when I
rose before, but it appears my meaning was not
quite undeiNtood l>y him.
The SPEAKER, ft is beyond the powec. of
thegontlemun irorn Maryland to oeceptany modi-
fication of the lesolution.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. It is beyond my
power, and I would not mnke that modification
if i had the power.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
know if this resolution comes from the Commit-
tee on Fop'Sgn A Hairs.
Tlie SPEAKER. It is offered by the gentle-
man from Mat viand.
Mr. WASH BORNE, of Illinois. I think it
ought to be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
Mr. COX. If was referred to that committee,
and reported back.
Mr. DAVI3, of Maryland. It was reported
unanimously Irom the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, with one exception. To-day I offer it
as the Representative of the third district of
Maryland.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is what
I supposed, and as the Represen tative of the third
district of Illinois, I move to reconsider the vote
by which the previous question was seconded, in
order to move to refer the resolution to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I move to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. COX. I call for the yeas and nays on that
motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from Ohio that the yeas and nays
could not be taken on a motion to reconsider the
vote by which the previous question was second-
ed, because the yeas and nays could not be taken
on the original question, which was on seconding
the previous question. The motion to reconsider
is governed by the same rules, and must be de-
cided by tellers or by a division of the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I withdraw
the motion to reconsider, and call for the yeas and
nays on ordering the main question.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to make an inquiry,
in order that I may understand the resolution. 1
understand it to be the same resolution that was
reported last week from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, with the single exception that this morn-
ing, in order to obviate some objection made,
when it was under consideration before, as to the
use of the word "President," which was thought
to point at the Chief Executive, particularly, and
perhaps invidiously, the modification proposed
was accepted, on the suggestion of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania,[Mr. Stevens,] which was, to
strike out the word " President" and insert the
wordsi'Executive Departments." I think it stands
in that way now.
The SPEAKER. Tho gentleman from Ohio
is correct.
Mr. SCHENCK. And that it is precisely the
resolution that came from the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, excepting that modification of the
language, to remove the objection then taken.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. And which
resolution the House voted to lay on the table
when the question was last up.
Mr. SCHENCK. Precisely.
The SPEAKER. If the resolution had not
been modified it would not be in order, as the pre-
vious resolution had been laid on the table by a
vote of the House. The gentleman froth Mary-1
land having modified the resolution, brings it
within the rules.
Mr. ARNOLD. I desire to know what would
be the effect of the House lefusing to order the
main question to be now put.
The SPEAKER. That would divest the reso-
lution of the force of the previous question.
Mr. ARNOLD. And the resolution would
then go over?
The SPEAKER. Yes, if any gentleman rose
to debate tt.
Mr. ARNOLD. 1 desire to debate the resolu-
tion.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, at present,
to rise to debate it,"the {previous question having
been seconded.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. What is the ques-
tion now5
The SPEAKER. The question is (t Shall the
main question be now ordered?" on whrth the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wasiiburn-e] de-
manded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolav. his Private Secretary,
announced that the Picsident had approved and
signed an act (H. R. No. 563)in addition to the
Act respecting quarantmeand health Jaws" ap-
proved Februaiy 25, 1799, and for the better ex-
ecution of the third section thereof;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 106) authorizing
tho Secretary of the Treasury to dispose of cer-
tain moneys therein mentioned; and
Joint resolution authorizing the Secretary of
the Navy to expend a portion of tho contingent
fund for enlarging the Navy Department RuiJd-
!
FOREIGN POLICY OP TIIE UNITED STATES.
The House resinned the consideration of the
resolution offered by Mr. Davis, of Maryland,
the question being, " Shall the main question be
now put ?" on which the yeas and nays had been
ordered.
The question was .taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 71, nays 56, not voting 55;
as follows:
YBAS—Messrs. William J. Allen, Allison, Ames, An-
cona, Augustus C. Baldwin, Baxter, Bliss, Blow, Boyd,
Brooks, James S.Brown, Chanler, Coffroth,Cox,Cravens,
Henry Winter Davis, Dawson, Deming, Denison, Eden,
Eidridge, Finck, Ganson, Garfield, Grider, Harding, Har-
rington, Charles M. Harris, Herrick, Iligby, Holman, Asahel
W. Hubbard, Jenokes, Keinnn, Knapp, Knox, Law, La-
zear, Le Blond, Mailory, Marcy, McClurg, McKinney,
Mooihead, James It. Morris, Nelson, Noble, John O'Neill,
Orth, Pendleton, Perry. Pricc, Pruyn, Samuel J. Randall,
Itoss, Schenck, Scott, Sloan, Srmthers, Spalding, Stevens,
Strouse, Stuart, Sweat, Townsend, Voorhees, YVadsworth,
Wlialey, Joseph W. White, and Williams—71.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Arnold, John D. Baldwin, Bea-
man, Blair,Boutwell,Bioomall,Ambrose W.Clark,Cobb,
Cole, Creswell, Thomas T.Davis, Dawes, Diiprgs, Eckley,
Eliot, Farnsworth, Fiank, Hale, IJotcbkiss, John H. Hub-
baid, Ilulburd, Kasson, Kelley, Fiancis W. ICpIlojjg, Or-
lando Kellogg, Littlejohn, Longyear, Marvin, McBride, Me-
Indoe, Samuel F. Miller, Amos Myers, Leonard Myers,
Charles O'Neill, Patterson, Perham, Pike, Pomeroy, Alex-
ander II. Ilice, John H. llice, Edward H. Rollins, Scofield,
Shannon, Smith, Thayer, Thomas,Tracy, Upson, Van Val-
kenburgh, Eliliu B. Washburne, "William B. Washburn,
Wilson,and Windom—56.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. James C. Allen, Anderson,
Ashley, Baily,Blame, Brandegee, William G. Brown, Free-
man Clarke, Clay, Dixon, Donnelly, Dumont, Edgertou,
English, Fenton, Goooh, Grinnoll, Giiswold, Hall, Ben-
jamin G. Harris, Hooper, Hutcluns, Ingeisoll, Philip John-
son, William Johnson, Julian, Kalbtleisch, Kins', Loan,
Long, McAllister, McDowell, Middleton, William II. Miller,
Mort'ill, Daniel Morris, Morrison, Norton, Odell, Radford,
William H. Randall, Robinson, Rogers, James S. Rollins,
Stan, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stiles, Ward,
Webster, Wheeler, Chilton A- White, Wilder, Winfield,
Benjamin Wood, Fernando Wood, Woodbridge, and Yea-
man—55.
So the main question was ordered, which was
on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, and Mr. WASH-
BURNE, of Illinois, demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. 1 call for a di-
vision of the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will see whether
it is susceptible of division.
Mr. BPvO WN, of Wisconsin. I withdraw the
call for a division.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that the
last clause of the resolution is not a substantive
proposition, but the last two clauses are.
Mr. PRUYN. The last two lines, li and such
proposition, while pending and undetermined, is
not a fit topic of diplomatic explanation with any
foreign Power," contain, I think, a substantive
proposition.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will ask the gen-
tleman to state what the effect would be if the
first part of the resolution were rejected and the
last part adopted. That must be the test.
Mr. PRUYN. I respectfully submit that the
Chair has no right to suppose the House would be
guilty of such a proceeding.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot suppose
what the House may or may not do, but the di-
vision of a resolution must be of such a character
as that either part can stand by itself.
Mr. WILSON. I call for a vote on the first
proposition, and on the last two.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the res-
olution in the only manner in which the Chair
thinks it can be divided.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Is it not too late
to ask for a division?
The SPEAKER. It is not. At any time pre-
vious to the vote a division can be demanded.
The Clerk read the following portion of the res-
olution:
Rcsohcd, That Cougre>s has a constitutional rljzht, to an
autboiitative voice m declaring and pte^crsbing tho toiesgu
policy or" the United Stares, as well in tho K-coi/niPon of
newPowcis as mothci matters; and it i* the constitutional
duty of the executive dopmtnient to lesneet that pohev,
not loss in diplomatic negotiations than m the use of na-
tional force when authorized by law.
The SPEAKER, This first part of the resolu-
tion can be voted upon separately. The Clerk
will now read the last pait, which can also be
voted upon separately.
The Clerk read, as follows:
And the propiietv of any declaration of foreign policy
by Congicss k- sufficiently proved by tlie vote which pro-
nouncc* it; ami such proposition, while pending and untie-
teimined, not a fit topic of diplomatic explanation with
anv Soieigii Powvr.
