THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY F. & J. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY IB, 1865.
New Series.....No, 53.
bXsss
banking associations after the 1st of July, 18G5.
It strikes me that that is a very short notice to
give to the State banks to withdraw ail their cir-
culation. It will cause embarrassment to the banks
themselves, and embarrassment to the business of
the country. In the State of New York the Comp-
troller of the national currency has for a longtime
declined the applications for national banks on
the ground that he was holding back the charters
for New York till the State banks shall see fit to
come in under the national system. I hold that
if the State banks are required to withdraw all
their circulation in July next, they will not have
time to come in under the national system.
Mr. WILSON. I suggest to the gentleman
that the effect of my amendment is to prevent
these banks only from reissuing that which may
be brought in. It does not provide that these
banks shall retire their circulation, but that their
notes, when paid in, shall be returned to them
and not reissued.
Mr. MILLER, of New York. The circula-
tion will be driven into the banks for redemption
and cannot be reissued. In the State of New
York fully three fourths of the circulation is that
of the State banks; and if that circulation be re-
tired so soon, and before the banks have time to
get the national currency, the banks themselves
and the business of the State and country will
be much embarrassed.' lam not denying that
the State banks (although I believe them to be
sound and good institutions) have to yield to that
public opinion which demands a national cur-
rency; but I submit that we should give them all
reasonable time. Heavy taxes have been im-
posed upon them which will oblige them to come
under the national system. I am notfinding any
particular fault with that. I have thought, how-
ever, that the best way was to induce them by
the advantages held out to them to come in. I
admit that they have got to yield. All that I ob-
ject to is the summary process, which I regard
as unnecessary.
Mr. BROOICS. I rise, Mr. Chairman, to op-
pose this whole system ofblottingout State banks.
The idea is that we are to curtail the currency.
But since this national bank system has been cre-
ated we have already established seven hundred
and eighty-one banks, with an aggregate capital of
$181,000,000, and a circulation of §90,500,000—
with twice or thrice that amount in deposits—so
that the actual, practical circulation of these banks
at this moment is close to $250,000,000 Instead
of curtailing the currency we are expanding it
more and more. And no matter what our victo-
ries are, no matter what the legislation here orelse-
where may be, so long as this system goes on the
price of gold must keep up.
I have not time within five minutes to dwell on
this subject. It would require five weeks to dis-
cuss properly such a subject as this. Blotting out
Slate banks! What right have we to blot out
State banks? They were born before this Gov-
ernment was born. They carried us—one of
them, at least—through the Revolution, and es-
tablished the credit and characterof the country.
We have blotted out the State militia. We have
blotted out State courts wherever the Federal
Government supposed itself to be in any way
concerned. We have blotted out the system of
State taxation by absorbing in the Federal Gov-
ernment almost the whole power of taxation.
We are now called upon to blot out the whole
system of State railroads, bringing them into
this body, and making of Congress nothing but
a State Legislature or a mere town corporation.
Sir, it may be of little i^e to talk. But I enter
these remarks as a warning of what we are com-
ing to in this matter of national bank circulation.
It is a fraud upon the public to say that we are
curtailing the currency. The whole idea is fraud-
ulent from beginning to end. We are expanding
it throughout, and are to go on more and more
expanding until the whole system of $300,000,000
of capital of national banks is established, with
a capacity of exp.anaion, as I showed lastsession,
of nearly nine hundred million dollars more.
53
Now, no matter what victories we may gain; no
matter what the State banks may do; no matter
what may be the laws, so long as you allow the
banks to go on expanding the currency, certain
it is that prices of everything are to be kept up,
and the country is to be mulcted with this mere
paper currency.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Donnelly to the amendment of Mr.
Hooper; and it was rejected.
Mr. DAWES. I propose to amend the substi-
tute by striking out "five" and inserting "seven."
The CHAIRMAN. There is already an
amendment pending to the substitute.
Mr. DAWES. Then I will move to amend
the original amendment, so that it will read so
long as such circulation shall exceed seven per
cent, of the capital," &c. That will answer the
same purpose.
lam, with the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Wil-
son,] one of those who did not vote for the estab-
lishment of this national banking system. I am
also, with him, one of those who see clearly that
that system must be accepted by the people and
by the State banks as the established order of
things; and I am, with him, disposed,in the best
possible way, to hasten the time when there shall
be throughout the country but one system of cur-
rency, and that the national banking system. 1
did not see, any more than he did, the necessity
at that time of displacing the old established or-
der of things with this new one. But that is past.
I understand the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Wilson] to propose, by his amendment, not so
much to destroy the remaining State banks as
to cure an existing and acknowledged evil, the
smaller currency of the country. But I think it
does not meet that evil and will not accomplish
that end. I agree that if it goes into force it will
extinguish the remainder of the State banks. But
in my opinion it will have no appreciable effect
upon the condition of the currency. Why, sir,
there does not exist at the present time of the
State bank currency but about one hundred mil-
lion dollars. At the time of the establishment of
the national banking system there was but about
one hundred and seventy million dollars of cur-
rency from State banks. It is now reduced to
about one hundred million dollars. Yet during
all this time, while we have been ascribing to the
State banks the evils which we have brought
about by our own legislation, during the very time
we have been attempting to contract the currency
by killing the State banks, we have authorized
the issue of $1,310,000,000 of currency by this
Government. Of that there has actually been is-
sued during the time since the establishment of
this national banking system the amount of
$736,000,000. There is probably in existence now
from $650,000,000 to $700,000,000 of currency au-
thorized by the United States and afloat in this
country against $100,000,000 of the State bank
cu rrency.
Now, what will be the effect of extinguishing
that $100,000,000 and the remainder of the State
banks? It will only drive them into the national
banking system, where there are facilities for still
further expanding the currency, and there will be
no check upon it whatever by the gentleman's
amendment. We have been encouraging the rush-
ing of capital into the national system of banking.
At one time when there was no money in the
Treasury to pay our soldiers, or the honest in-
debtedness of the country, we had $25,000,000 on
deposit in national banks, the sole object and pur-
pose of such deposit being to encourage the going
into the national banking system. 1 know one
single bank in Massachusetts, established under
this national banking system, where the parties
establishing the bank issued their bills to the ex-
tentof their capacity and never opened theirdoors
from one week's end to the other. But at the end
of the year, by the help of the interest upon their
deposits and the use of their money which had
gone out, not one dollar of which came back,
they divided from eighteen to twenty per cent,
upon their capital stock.
Mr. KERNAN. Mr. Chairman, it appeal's
that the law as it now stunds taxes these Stale
banks one per cent, on their circulation, half of
one per cent, on their deposits, and half of one
per cent upon their capital, making two per cent,;
and they have to pay these taxes monthly. The
law now provides that if they shall issue beyond
ninety per cent, of their capital they shall be tafced
two per cent, in addition.
Now, the present proposition of the gentleman
from Massachusetts is, if 1 understand it aright,
to tax these banks on their circulation, after the
1st of July, three per cent., and after the 1st of
January six per cent, a year. It is avowed, and
if it were not avowed it is sufficiently apparent,
that the object is to destroy, and destroy by the
1st of January next, all these State banks. Now,
I submit that this is unwise. These institutions
being legitimate creations of the States, it is n,Qt
wise for the General Government to adopt di-
rectly hostile legislation in reference to so large
an interest, against the wishes of the people of the
States.
In the State of New York there was, on the 1st
of September last, invested in these State banks
$107,306,000. While that large amount of capi-
tal was thus invested, and while the business of
the State was largely dependent upon and con-
nected with it, there was no evil growing out of
the operations of these banks in reference to the
increase of circulation. I hold in my hand the
report of the superintendent of the bank depart-
ment of that State; and this report shows that the
circulation of the State banks was, on the 1st of
September last, $32,000,000. This is a large
amount; and it would be very destructive to the
interests of the business community to withdraw
itsuddenly,ortax itoutof existence. Butthatre-
port shows that there has been no inflation: for I
have the amount of circulation of our banks on
the 1st of September in each year for ten years;
and it was less last September by three or four
millions than it ever was before.
Why, then, should Congress attack these State
institutions, which are legitimate creations of the
State, which subserve the interests of the busi-
ness community of the State, and which, as my
colleague [Mr. Brooks] has remarked, cannot
be destroyed without injuriously affecting the in-
terests of the business men of the State. The
superintendent's report to which I have referred
shows that, in consequence of the taxation to
which the State banks are subjected, in addition
to the taxation by the General Government, the
banks organized under the national system have
great advantages over the State banks so far as
making money by banking is concerned. ^
The Federal Government holds out induce-
ments to theestablishment of these national banks
by deposits, by furnishing them a circulation free
of expense; and the State banks must gradually
disappear under the policy already adopted. Why
not, then, allow the change to be effected gradu-
ally, and not convulse the business community by
suddenly stiiking out of existence, or taxing out
of existence, $100,000,000 of capital and some
thirty or forty millions of circulation?
The State banks now bear double the taxation
imposed upon the national banks; and if the na-
tional banks, with the great advantages which
they enjoy, cannot compete successfully with the
State banks, it simply shows that the latter sub-
serve better the interests of the business commu-
nity, and should not be destroyed. It seems to
me that we have gone as far as we should in.
holding out inducements in favor of the national
system by subjecting the State system to heavy
taxation; so heavy that in many of the States, and
to some extent in New York, the State banks are
gradually coming under the national system. We
are now asked, substantially, to destroy these
State institutions. If the States have the right
to create these banks, where is the right or the
justice of an attempt by the Federal Government
to destroy them?
[Here the hammer fell.)
Mr. DAWES. I withdraw myamendment.
