m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
by one month, the tax of two dollars upon what
will be largely distilled between this and the 1st
of February, and agree with the committee to
strike out the second section—which motion I
now make—which we have reported in obedience
to the instructions of the House. Bat if they
choose to retain both, it is not in the power of
the committee to say it shall not be done. The
committee, however, ask that the House will pass
the first section, laying the tax of two dollars
upon all distilled after the Istof January, because
we think the Government will thereby obtain a
very large revenue, as the distillation season is
just commencing. If we pass it speedily, there
will be no delay until after the holidays, and
everybody will be prepared to go on and distill
under that arrangement.
The second section, of course I need not say
to the House who have seen our previous record
here, is repugnant to the views of the Committee
of Ways ami Means. I now ask that they will
strike it out.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I did not
withdraw the demand for the previous question
with the expectation that the gentleman would
make any motion, but only tha^he would submit
his remarks. I demanded the previous question
for the purpose of preventing any such thing.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I hope the House will
refuse to sustain the previous question so that 1
can move the amendment.
Mr. WASEJBUilNE, of Illinois. I renew the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. COX. The House cannot understand this
section from the explanation made by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania.
Mr. WASHBURNE,of Illinois. The entle-
man from Ohio is not m order.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order after
the demand for the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
tellers on seconding the pievious question.
Tellers were oiderrd, arid Mr. Siemens, and
Mr. Washburne of Illinois, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers repotted —
ayes 46, noes G:2.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 suppose the House will
very well undetsfand that if this bill is passed
with both sections embraced, n wi'l be impossi-
ble for it to be acted upon m this House and the
other before the adjournment for the holidays.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. We will
not adjourn,then.
Mr. MORRILL. It has beeomc important
that this question should be settled, and settled
now. It is important to the revenue that this
whole question should be put at rest. For three
or four months past we have obtained no revenue
from the manufacture of this article, and as lone;
as the question is agitated we shall ob'&in none.
The bill reported by the Committee of Ways and
Means merely antedates the amount of duties to
be levied on the 1st of February, and proposes
that they shall be levied on the 1st of January'
The last section of the bill is in the precise lan-
guage of the proposition introduced at the last
session taxing stocks on hand. It is not drawn
with remarkable skill, but we thought that if the
Hou:?>e was satisfied with it at the last session
they would be as well satisfied with it at this.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I believe that many gentle-
men in this House who have heretofoie\oted for
this tax upon stocks on hand have essentially
changed their minds; certainly more than enough
to change the result on the last vote have so ex-
pressed themselves* to me. The Commissioner
of Interim! Revenue, who was for this tax at the
last session, is decidedly of the opinion that it
would bi> wise now to abandon it.
I move to stiike out the last section of the bill,
and upon that question and upon the whole bill i
demand the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman to withdraw the demand for the pre-
vious question for a few moments, to allow me to
say a word or two,
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman was not very
accommodating to my colleague on the commit-
tee, [Mr. Stevens,] and I decline to withdraw it.
Mr. COX. I move to lay the billon the tabic.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I again ap-
peal to the gentleman from Vermont k> yield to
me for a few moments.
Mr. MORR ILL. I will u ithdraw the demand
for the previous question, holding the floor my-
self.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio withdraw the motion to lay the bill on the
table ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have the
floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
had the floor and moved to lay the bill on the
table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
understand how the gentleman got the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ver-
mont demanded the previous question and took his
seat, whereupon the gentleman from Ohio moved
to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That was
pending a negotiation between the gentleman from
Vermont and mvself. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ver-
mont had stated that he refused to withdraw the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. COX. d withdraw the motion to lay the
bill on the table in the hope that the obnoxious
section will he stricken out.
Mr. WASKBORNE,of Illinois. I only derure
to say one word upon this question, because I have
spoken on it times enough for the House to under-
stand fully my position, and the country too, al-
though that, peihaps, is of little import.nice.
This House, on the first day of the session,
instructed the Committee of Ways and Means to
bring m this very proposition by a maj. rity of
two or three vows. The committee have brought
it in and coupled it with another proposition by
which, it seems to me, they seek to avoid the re-
sponsibility of imposing this tax upon stocks on
hand.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman's original
resolution instructed us to couple it with yther
amendments. 11 instructed us to include it in any
amendments we might propose. We were notat
libei ty to ieport it l> v itself.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The piop-
osition is brought m here by the Committee of
Ways and Means in obedience to a vote of in-
structions by this House. The g uith?man fiom
Veimont says there have been a sufficient 'lum-
ber of changes, according to bis own knowledge,
to charge that vote of the House which was had
on the iirst day of the session. Who those gen-
tlemen ate who have had new light on the subject
of course will be seen by the vote.
Now, sir, I stand upon this proposition the
same as I have always stood. I have advocated
it as a measure of revenue, and in a conversation
with the chairman of the Finance Committee of
the Senate hut a few days since, he said that he
could demonstrate that by the refusal of Con-
gress to impose this tax, theGovernmenthadlost
$70,000,000.
Mr. COX. [ rise to a point of oider. The
gentleman has no right to quote the action of any
member of a committee in the other House to
influence us here.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am not
quoting the action of any member of n commit-
tee. i am speakiiur of the man himself.
Mr. COX. I submit to the Chair if that is in
order.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to quote
the transactions of the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL. I would ask the gentleman
from Illinois if the same gentleman did not ad-
vise him to give up this contest.
Mr. WASXiBUR.NE, of Illinois. No, sir; the
same gentleman agrees with me on the subject.
The same gentleman desires to see the revenues of
the countiy meieased, and he desires that these
gamblers and speculators shall pay their portion.
They have made millions, and tens of millions,
winch have come out of the pockets of the peo-
ple; and we now have tins proposition here which
is reported fiom the Committee of Ways and
Means, and I appeal to the Representatives of
the people to stand up to it, and vote it through.
I have understood that u has been assci ted that
a sort of compromise has been entered into, tuat
. lfthe fii;;t section of the btll be adopted the otner
section will be abandoned.
Air. STEVENS. Does the gentleman from li!i-
^iois eharge that against the Committee of Ways
!'mid Means?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois Not at aH,
sir. I did not refer to the committee.
Mr. STEVENS. I expected the gentleman
from Illinois to say that, wink the cbanman of"}he
Committee on Finance in the othm H«>use thought
there had been ^70,01J0,0oU host Pie Government
by the failure to tax urn stock on hand, the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Mean-' in
this House thought there had been ^3U,OuO,OuO
lost by the agitation of the subject.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Even ac-
cording to that there would be a balance of
$40,000,000 on my side. I desire to say, Mr.
Speaker, that I know nothing of any compro-
mises on this question. I make no compromises
on it myself, and 1 do not know that anybody
else is disposed to compromise it.
Mr. MOUKILL. Mr. Sneaker, I have this to
say in reply to the gentleman from Jihnor'. The
question,as now piesented, is very uiif rent from
the question a.-, piesented at the last session of
Congress. If a tax had bten levied on the stock
on hand at that time it might have icached a largo
amount. At piesent it wou'd not do so. Tho
Com miss loner <>f Internal Revenue is of the opin-
ion that the stock on hand has been nearly con-
sumed. Under these circumstances gentlemen
may very well he pardoned for changing their
minds on this subject. If there were no other
reason against taxing the stock on hand, the fact
that we can obtain so much more rev< nue, that
the distilleries would go into operation if the ques-
tion were only at once settled, and settled finally,
is a sufficient argununt against it.
Mr. WASHtiURNE, of Illinois. The best
way in the world to settle it is to impose the
tax.
Mr. MORRILL. I think the House under-
stands the question fully. I have no sortof feel-
ing on the subject. I am as much in favor of
raiding the largestamounlof revenueas any man
m this House can be. 1 would be willing, for
one, that we should iaise the entire amount of the
annual expenditure for the war by taxation. I
only want that the wisest modes shall be selected.
I do not believe that this is one of them. I now
renew my pievious motion to stnke out the sec-
ond section of tiie bill; and on that, and the whole
bill, 1 move the previous question.
The ptevious question was secondhand the
mam question Oideted; winch was first on the
motion to sti 'ke out the second section of the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 05, nays GO, no: voting 57;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Ancona, A-hh-y, Bailey, nils.*
Blow, Boyd, Biooks, Btoomail, Fr< email Ciatke.Cox, Cra>
Venn, lis it.y Winter D.ivi^, Thoma^ T. Div;-, D< msun?
Eldocl^e, Finek, Gat field, Glider. Gi«e.vold. iiale, Hauling
liarine'ton, Uolman, lluopei, K Krik\, Lazrar,
liC Blond, Long. Loimyear, M.ilion, M.uc\, .Me Undo
Meludoe, Morn!!, James It. ? Iorn-, L'-oiuml Mvers>
Noble, Cuaiieh O'Neill, John O'Neill, U;Ui, Paitrr-on,
Pendleton, Pony, Pike, pntuero^, Piuyn, Sanui"i J, Ran-
dall. Alexandei il. Pace, Scott. Sha.etun, tfmuX ►Smitbei-*,
Steven-, iStroiw, Sumrt. Tna%\er, Towuseiul, Van Vai-
kenbuuh, Vooihees, Wa:d, and Yeanian—G;.
NAY'rf—iMetvsM. Wuhani J. Alien, Alley, Alitor., Aa-
deiMui, Arnold, Augustus (J. Baldwin, Joan I). Baldwin,
iiaxtei, Ueantan, likta, Boutweil, Bfandegee, Jame-, ri.
Bi own, Ciiaulei, AmbrOf-e \V. Clark, Cobb, Colli oili, Cole,
Creswell, Dawes, Dawson, Denims, Dixon,Fcklev, Eden,
Eliot, Frank. Gannon, Gunnell, Hotcl>ki-s, John 11. Hub-
bard, Ijulbuid, Jeueke", Fianci-« \V. Kelle^, Oilando
KeHootf, Kpoy, T.if'lejohti, IMcClum. ,Sainuel F Miller,
Moothead, Amos PerJiam, Puce, William H. Ran-
dall, John 11 R:e<\ Edwaul ii. Ro||:n , Janie-i S. RolIin.;r
Ko-«, JSeofield, irioan, SpUdi'itr. John IS. Steele. \Y,id-.-
wortn. Chilli B. Wa-hbuine, William 15. Wa-lilnnn, Wil.
ham;-, WU-on, and Wmdom—GO.
]\OT VOTING—.Me-.js. Jame^ C. Allen, Blame, Wil-
liam G Biown, Clay, Donnelly, IDs Pd1:-.-; ron,
Bngh-is, Fa>n u'ur:!i, Fenton, Gooeli, Hail, ilen.ck, flas-
hy, A-aliel W. Ilubbaid, IliUelnn<, Imi.'i-oli, Pmhp
Johnson, William Johnson, Ka!b|].-,;^-i), Kai-r, Knapp,
Loan, ? Pirvm, .MeAih>ter, ? leDowe!l,."\].-Kinney,Mnld]''-
ton, Will nun II. Miilei, Daniel Mom s .Mt-ir-on. XeNon,
Not ton, Odeli, Kadlord, itohnii on, >, Sciienek. .^t.nr,
William G. Steel'-, Hu!.1-,. f-'\ *e.u, ' le-.i.a^, Tiary, Web-
j'U-r, Whaley, VVaeeb r, Glulion A. Winte, Jo-eph V/.
White, Wilder, Wnuield. Benjamin Wood, Fernando
Wood, and Woocibraiye—57.
>So the second ^ectioi; of the bill was struck out.
Messis. SCHE^CK and FAUNSWOUTH,
not btin^ wplnn the l>ar wh.en their names were
called, asked leave to vote.
Mr. DAWES objected.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
