1864.
TIIB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
by which the second section of the bill was struck
out; and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
Mr. WASITBURNE, of Illinois, called for the
yeas and nays oh the latter motion.
The yeas and nays weie ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 65, nays 58, not voting 61;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Ancona, Ashley, Bally, John D.
Baldwin, Glow, Boyd, Brooks, Broomall, Freeman
Clarke, Cox, Homy Wintei Davis, ThomasT. Davis, Deni-
son. Eldridge, Fmck, Gaifteld, Ciinnell, Grtswold, Hale,
Harding, Han mgron, Chailes M. Harris, Ilerrick. Uolman,
Iloopcr, Ka-j=on,Kelley, Knapp, Lazear, Le Blond, Long,
Lon^yuai. Mullory, Alaiey, MoBude, Melndoe, Moirill,
JauK"< 31. Morns, Leonatd Myers, Noble, Clmiles O'Neill,
John O'Neill, Oifh, Pendleton, Perry, Pike, Pomerov,
Pruyn, Samuel J. Randall, Alexander H. JRice, Schenek,
Scou. Shannon, Sniilhers,Stevens, Sttouse, Stuair,Thayer,
Towti^end, Van Valkenburgh, Voorhues, Ward, and Yea
NAYS—Messrs.. William J. Allen, Alley, Allison, Ander-
son, Arnold, Baxter, Bemoan, Blair, Boutwell, Btandegce,
James S. Brown, Chattier, Ambrose W. Claik, Cobb, Oof-
froth, Cole, Dawes D.iwhon, Demmg, Dixon,Dii!?es, Eck-
ley, Eden, Eliot, Fat nswoith, Fiank, G.infon, Hotchkte?,
John 11. llubbard, Uulbutd, Jenckes/Ftaneis W. Kelloyg,
Orlando ICelloirg, Knox, Littlcjohn, MeChng, Samuel F.
Millet, Moorhcad, Petite tin, Putt, William II. Randall,
Jo'm JI. lliee, Edward Ji Rollins., Jame* S. Rolling
Seoiiiihi, Spalding, John B Steele, Tracy, Upf-on, Wads-
woitli, Eiihu B. Wa-hhurne, William 13. Wu&Iibuin, Wil-
liam^, .Wilson, and Wiudont—06.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. James C. Allen, Augustus C.
Baldwin, Blame, Will lam G. Brown, Clay, Ciavens Cres-
well, Donnelly, Dumont. Edgertoii, E'ttglfsh, Feuum,
Gooyh, Guder, Hall, Benjamin (J. Ilairi-., Ilu'by, Amabel
W. Hubbatd, ilutohins, lugeisoll, Philip Johnson, William
Johnson, Julian, Kalbfleif<eh, Ketnan, King, Law, Loan,
Mai vin, McAllister, McDowell, MeKinrtey, Middle ton,
William II. Millet, Daniel Mortis,Mortisott, Amos Myeis,
Nelson, Norton, Odcll, Pattei-.on, lladfotd, Robinson,
Rogers-, Sloan, Smith, Stan, William G. Steele, Sulc^,
Sweat, Thotna-., Web-ter, Whaley, WIicUm, Chilton A.
Whit", Joseph W. Wintc, Wildei, VVinlitTcl- Benjamin
Wood, Fernando Wood, and Woodbndge—Gl.'
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and bein<^ engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time.
Mr. WASHBURN E, of Illinois. 1 desire to
give notice that, if that section be stricken out, £
shall offer it to every proposition to wluth it may
be appropriate.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was paswod; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on thetable.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled bills of the following titles; when
the Speaker signed^ the same:
Joint resolution (S.No. 83) tendering the thanks
of'Congress to Captain John A. Winsluw, United
States Navy, and to the officers and men under his
command on board thcUnited States steamer Kear-
sarge, m her conflict with the piratical craft the
Alabama, in compliance with the President's rec-
ommendation to Congress of the 5th of December,
1864;
Joint resolution (S. No. 84) tendering the thanks
of Congress to Lieutenant William B. Cu&hing,
of the United States Navy, and the officers and
men who assisted him in his gallant and perilous
achievement in destroying the rebel steamer Al-
bemarlp, m compliance with the President's rec-
ommendation of December 5, 1864; and
An act (S. No. 222) authorizing the holding of
a special session of the United States distuct
court for the district of Indiana.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the House adjourn.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope t]ie gentleman will
withdraw that motion. I want to move to go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the.
Union. There is some business that ought to be
done in the Committee of the Whole.
Mr.WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I undeistsnd
that the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Spalding,]
desires to make a speech in the Committee of the
Whole, and 1 therefore withdraw my motion for
the purpose of permitting the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to make the motion that the House
go into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the House go
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. PRICE. I ask the gentleman to withdraw
that motion for a moment in order that I may
offer a resolution.
Mr. STEVENS. I withdraw my motion for
that purpose.
UNITED STATES CHRISTIAN COMMISSION.
Mr. PRICE. I ask leave to offer the following
resolution: v
Resolved, That the use of the Hall of the House of Rep-
resentatives be, and is hereby, granted to the. United States
Cini^tian Commission for their public anniversary meet-
ing, to be held on Sunday evening, January 29,1865.
Mr. WASITBURNE, of Illinois. 1 am com-
pelled to object to that, and all other similar prop-
ositions.
Mr. PRICE, r move to suspend the rules in
order to allow the introduction of the resolution.
I do not see why the resolution should be objec-
tionable to any one. On the motion to suspend
the rules I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordetcd.
Mr. PRICE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Price and
Eldridge were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes forty-six, noes not counted.
Less than two thirds voting in favor of the
motion, the rules were not suspended.
Mr. STEVENS. I renew the motion to go
into Committee of the Whole on the state of tlie
Union.
Mr. HALE. I ask my colleague to withdraw
the motion for a moment, to allow me to offer a
resolut ion.
Mr. STEVENS. I withdraw for that purpose.
DICTIONARY Of CONGRESS.
Mr.'HALE. L ask leave to offer the following
lesolutiun:
Resolved, That time be punted tor them-e of the mem-
beta. of tl.i- Ilou-e a Mtllteient munbet of <'Xtta copies of
the Dfeunriarv of Coi-mes^ to make the quota of ihe Ilou-e
equal to that u!readv otdeied bv Hie Senate : l3roi-itictl, That
the copyright heiehy directed to be paid by the Clerk shall
not exceed per copy what wru> heretofoie allowed lor the
samo woik.
Several Members objected to the introduction
of the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The resolution being ob-
jected to, is not hi fure the House.
Mr. HALE. Does it not go to the Committee
on Printing under the rules?
The SPEAKER. It would, if it were regu-
larly introduced; but any member can object to
us introduction.
Mr. STEVENS. I now renew the motion to
go into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. W. J. ALLEN. I hope the gentleman
from Pennsylvania will allow me to introduce a
bill simply for reference.
Mr. STEVENS. I yield for that purpose.
UNITED STATES COURT IN ILLINOIS.
Mr. W. J. ALLEN, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to provide for additional ten ma
of the United ifStates circuit and district courts in
the southern district of Illinois; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the judiciary,
Mr. STEVENS. 1 now again renew the mo-
tion to go into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I understand
the object in going into Committee of the Whole
is simply for the put pose of allowing speeches to
be made. 1 therefore ask that, by unanimous
consent, it be understood that when the Com-
mittee of the Whole shall rise no fur I her business
shall be done m the House this afternoon. i
No objection was made. j
The question being taken on Mr. Stevens's i
motion, it was agreed to. j
i
FRESID EXT'S M ESS A G E. ;
So the rules werj suspended; and the House I
accordingly resolved jisclf nno Committee of the j
Whole on the sta'e of the Union, (Mr. Earns- '
worth in the chair,) and resumed the consideia- i
tion of the Ptesident's annual message. 1
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Chairman, when* at th§
lastsittingof the Committee o£ the Whole Hous^
on the state of the Union, I subriiitted the motion
which at this time gives fine the floor, my only-
purpose was to biing about an adjournment ol
the House. But as, by parliamentary rule, the
privilege of speaking is accorded to me, I shall
improve the opportunity to congratulate the com-
mittee and the country upon the dignified and 4>a?
triotic character of the President's message, which
is, by a like rule, made the first subject for our con-
sideration.
The President gives us to understand in this,
his annual message, that the condition of our for-
eign affairs is " reasonably satisfactory"—*that is
to say, that amicable relations with all foreign
Powers are still preserved through the arts of di-
plomacy.* He says, however, that unforeseen
political difficulties have arisen on the " northern
boundary of the United States," and,li in view
of the insecurity of life and property in the region
adjacent to the Canadian border, by reason of
recent assaults and depredations, committed by
inimical and desperate persons, who are harbored
there, it has been thought proper to give notice
that, after the expiration of six months, the period
conditionally stipulated in the existing arrange-
ment with Great Britain, the United States must
hold themselves at liberty to increase their naval
armament upon the lakes it' they shall find that pro-
ceeding necessary."
Mr. Chairman, as the Representative of a
wealthy, intelligent, and highly patriotic popula-
tion in the immediate vicinity of one of these great
lakes, whose peaceful waters have the last sum-
mer been rudely violated by the marauders from
Canada, I desire to thank the President, for this
signal manifestation of executive firmness and
sagacity.
It should not be forgotten that this House of
Representatives at its last session adopted with a
good degree of unanimity a joint resolution, em-
anating from the Committee on Naval Affairs,
requesting the Executive to give to Great Britain
this very notice so vitally important to the com-
merce of the lakes and to the security of the in-
habitants hvingupon their borders. This resolu-
tion "fell asleep"in the Senate.
Another resolution touching the interests of the
British provinces in a strictly commercial point,
and giving reciprocity in fact where none existed
but in name, has recently passed this House in
accordance with the just expectations of the
people, and they seem now to be waiting some-
what impatiently the further action of coordinate
branch* s of the Government.
Mr. Chairman, I am fully aware of the deli-
cac}' of our relations with Great Britain, and have
no disposition at this moment to provoke open
hostilities with her; but 1 am free to confess that
I do not look upon that Power as a friend to the
United States. She is greatly ambitious to be the
leader of the nations by meansof her supremacy
on the ocean, and she is preeminently eelfish in
all that appertains to commetce and trade. In
both of these particulars, a Navy and commer-
cial marine, the United Slates having peace wnhm
herown borders, would speedily overshadow her.
Neither do I fear Great Britain. This Govern-
ment has no occasion to fear her,for, with all her
wealth and military and naval strength, the loyal
people of the United States are at this moment,
with the " great rebellion" on their hands, more
than a match for her. While we deprecate war with
foreign nations, we should always remember that
the surest way to avoid that calamity is to be
fully pitpared for the emergency. Pusillanimous
legislation and pusillanimous diplomacy will bung
tuin upon a nation sooner than armed legions. It
is theiefore the true policy of our Republic to
be continually "gliding on her armor," to erect
fortifications upon her exposed coasts and bor-
deis, to establish dock-yards and depots upon the
shoies of our inland seas, as *well as upon the
shores of our two great oceans.
The message informs us that the financial af-
fairs of the Government have been beneficially
afFected by the legislation of the last session
of Congress. The' receipts into the Treasury
ftom all sources during the year, in cash, were
$>884,076,646. of which there was derived from
customs$10^,316,152; fromlands,§588,333; from
direct taxes, §475,648; from internal revenue,
