70
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
$109,741,134; from miscellaneous sources, S47,-
511,448; and from loans, $623,443,929. The dis-
bursements were, in the sum total, $865,234,087,
of which the War Department consumed $690,-
791,842, and the Navy Department $85,733,292.
These estimates, it will be noted, were made on
the 1st day of July, 18G4, at which time the in-
creased tariff and internal duties were hardly felt
at the national Treasury. The national debt, at
that date, was $1,740,690,489. It is believed that
by a judicious revision of the system of tariff and
taxation, and especially by the imposition of a
reasonable duty upon sales of all sorts, the in-
ternal revenue may be made to exceed the sum
of |300,000,000 a year, without being burdensome
to our people. What a picture that will present
of the unfathomable resources'ofour grei.it nation!
Not yet fourscore years of age, and with one
third of the States in open and active rebellion
for four years, sustaining an Army of a million
men, and a Navy of seven hundred ships of war,
and yet not one dollar borrowed, except from our
own loyal citizens 1 And still we have butafaint
conception of the wonderful resources of the Uni-
ted States Government aftd people. I am per-
suaded that I speak within the bounds of modesty
and truth when I say that a single article of com-
merce, almost unknown to the arts at the break-
ing out of the rebellion, will command annually,
in the market, money enough to pay the interest
on our national debt.
It is gratifying to learn from the message that
notwithstanding the exactions for the military
service, some nine thousand persons had been
enabled to enter lands for farms during the five
quarters preceding the 30th day of September
last,under the benign provisions of the homestead
law. This is the only legitimate mode of making
sovereigns in our country—lordsof the soil—and
they will be very apt to atand by the Government
whence they have derived their title of aggrandize-
ment.
It is painful to hear of the devastating effects
of war upon our fighting population; and. at the
same time, we are happy lo know that republics
are not, all of them, ungrateful. The President
tells us there have been placed on the Army pen-
sion rolls, during the year, rwenty-two thousand
one hundied and ninety-eight widows, orphans,
and mothers. The number seems large, but we
must increase the list until every dependent rela-
tive of a deceased soldier shall, by the bounty of
the Government, be made secure against want.
Then, and not till then, shall wo be permitted to
sing—
" How sleep the brave, who sink to vest,
By an their country's wishes blest."
We are told bythe President, in hisown pecu-
liar style, that society is "being molded for dura-
bility in the Unmn;" and as evidence of the fact,
he points to the Monumental City, and says, in
words that thrill the patrioticbreast,"Maryland
is secure to liberty and Union for all the future.
The genius of rebellion will no more claim Mary-
land." All honorto Maryland ! All honor to the
noble men who have been instrumental in rescu-
ing that old and respected Commonwealth from
the incubus of slavery! Henceforth Maryland
is destined to shine, in the galaxy of States, as a
star of the first magnitude.
With respectful submission I hero venture to
suggest that the President has himself performed
an official act since the commencement of the pres-
ent session of Congress that will do more in the
future toward " molding society 1'or durability
in the XJnion V than any conceivable action of any
one State.
The President adverts in his message io the
recent quadrennial election as evidence ofthe will
of the people in favorof Unconstitutional amend-
ment for the prohibition of slavery throughout
theUnited States. He is clearly right in this,so
far as regards the sentiments "of at least three
fourths of the voters in the loyal States. It is in
vain that politicians plant themselves upon the
track of progress and attempt to impede the car
of freedom! It is in vain that the learned, elo-
quent, but erratic Representative from the city of
New York invokes "toleration" in behalf of an
institution that lie says "was tolerated bythe
Saviour and His apostles." The enlightened
sense of the age in which we live imperatively
demands the complete extinction of slavery; the
voices of two hundred thousand of our sons who
have fallen a sacrifice upon the altar of freedom
cry to us from their graves, "Extinguish sla-
very !" The widows and orphans of the slaugh-
tered soldiers implore us to "abolish slavery."
Two hundred thousand stalwart men with bayo-
nets in their hands, once slaves, but now soldiers
of the Union, admonish us to wipe out the foul
stain of slavery; but, above all, right and justice
and the perpetuity of our free institutions of gov-
ernment call upon us to remove this curse from
the land.
And why should gentlemen on the other side
of this House hesitate in this matter? Have they
not always, as partisan politicians, expressed a
desire to abolish slavery so soon as they could do
it in a constitutional manner? And now what
are they asked to do by their votes? Simply to
aid the majority in giving a two-thirds vote, so
that the proposition to amend the Constitution
may be submitted to the people of the States
through their Representatives in the legislative
bodies. If they refuse to do this, what is the just
inference? That they are so wedded to the insti-
tution of slavery that they will not trust the people
with the privilege of saying whether or not it
shall continue its existence in the land. If they
refuse to do this, what is the inevitable conse-
quence ? The Thirty-Ninth Congress will adopt
the measure within one week of its organization,
and then the issue will be with the country, in all
time to come, which body most truly represented
the wishes and interests of the great American
people.
In connection with this subject of amending the
Constitution so as to prohibit slavery in Uie land,
I commend to the consideration of gentlemen on
both sides of the House the following historical
fact: Colonel George Mason, of Virginia, one of
thedistinguished statesmen who assisted in fram-
ing the Constitution, nevertheless refused to give
it the sanction of his name, and protested against
its adoption for this among other reasons by him
publicly assigned:
"The general Legislature [Congress] is restrained from
prohibiting the further importation of slaves for twenty-odd
years; though such importations rauh'.r the United States
weukef,moie vulnerable, and less callable of defense
Is it not passing strange that one of the fathers
in the days of Virginia's manhood should object
to our national charter because it contained "a
negative" upon prohibition of the slave trade,
and, at this day, after three fourths of a century's
experience of the wisdom of that objection there
should be found in this Hall men nurtured in the
lap of freedom and blessed with all the precious
privileges appertaining to free institutions who
by their voices and their votes express a determ-
ination to scourge their posterity as we in our day
are scourged with the curse of human slavery ?
Mr. Chairman, I did not intend to make an
ami-slavery speech on this floor. I agrag with
the gentleman from New York in his declaration
publicly made at the last session, that " Slavery
is dead. "
But I do desire to " set a seal" upon the door
of its tomb. Such a seal, in my judgment, will
require the proposed amendment of the Constitu-
tion.
I do not advert, Mr. Chairman, to the long
string of hallucinations introduced by the gentle-
man from New York into his speech to show a
pretended parallelism between the patriotic efforts
of" Burke and Fox and Chatham and Camden"
and others of the British Parliament, in the early
days of the American Revolution, and the trea-
sonable ravings of disappointed politicians in
another and different arena. I turn all such con-
testants over to another and different tribunal
wheremore summaryjustice may be administered.
I will stop long enough, however, to say to the
gentieraan from New York that since he made
his proud boast, on Wednesday last, that his
" southern brethren could never be subjugated,"
very much evidence has accumulated on that point.
1 send to the Clerk the remarks of a morning pa-
per on the present aspect of military affairs, and
beg leave to say that I heartily agree with the
patriotic editor in his ascriptions of praise to the
heads of the War and Navy Departments, and to
the officers and soldiers of our armies.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Ck The Situation.—The cause looks grandly upward.
From every quarter of the theater of war come glorious
tidings. Eveivwiieio where the flag or' the nation lioats
ovr the embattled host-* ofthe Union, it is bomnin triumph.
We give this morning the proudest hnlh'tm of the war. Jt
makes a n'obte record foi the presiding Junius whose mas-
terly intellect controls the movements of the Union armies
from his unobtrusive headquarters at City Point, foi the
executive talentofthegreat War Minister and his subordi-
nates, whose unwearying activity and promptitude furnish
in abundance the requisite material for so m.iny distant
fumio«, for the mihtaiy talent and aptitude for command
of the leaders who are so nobly guiding our troops to victory,
and for the daring endurance and patriotic enthusiasm of
the rank and file, whose achievements will stand compari-
son with the best soldiers of any age or clime. Nor shoufd
the valuable cooperation ofthe Navy be foigoften—the
eneigy and skill which have placed the'Umtcd Slates in the
foremost rank ofthe naval Powers of the world, the ability
and heroic zeal ofthe officers, and the indomitable pluck of
our gallant tars. The news which we publish this morning,
confnniatory of the glad tiding-* which has sent u tlinli of
exultant tiiumph throughout the land,i<3 the sure precuidor
of the approaching doom of the rebellion.
" Sherman has made his devastating swath of sixty miles
in breadth thiough the very heart of Georgia, breaking up
workshops and factories, destioymg stores and supplies,
scattering the panic-stricken Legislature, and assuring the
Empire State of the South that war is no child^s play, and
that though it has been long free from its ravages, it is idle
to defy the Governmentof our fathers and to cope with the
rosouices of a people bent on the maintenance of its na-
tionality. 1-Iuhcisieached his objective point on the coast.
Fort McAllister is in his hands. Savannah 13 partially in-
vested, and its fate sealed.
In the mean time General Foster has moved up from
Beaufort, has laid devastating hands on the railroad con-
nection with Charleston, and is ready to cooperate with
Sherman in an attack on Savannah, while the Navy is mov-
ing up its ships and gunboats into Ossabaw sound for like
puipose. Further 011, in the far,Southwest, General Can-
by has dispatched a force trom Vicksburg, which has de-
stroyed the budge over the Big Black river, with thirty miles
of the tiack of the Mississippi Central railroad, twenty-six
hundred bales ofcotton, and over a hundred and sixty thou-
sand dollars' worth of property, cutting off Hood's connec-
tion with Mobile and endangenng his supplies.
'* Brcckinridge has been checked in his demonstrations
in Tennessee, by a daring raid under Stoseman and Bur-
bridge in his rear, who seized Abingdon, Glade Springs,
and other points along the East Tennessee and Virginia
railroad, destroying the track and valuable property, and
spreading universal consternation among the lebels, and
threatening, according to their accounts, their invaluable
salt-woiks atSaltville and vicinity.
"Along the Roanoke a joint land and naval expedition,
despite the torpedoes which blew up three of our vessels,
are pushing up into the inteiior, laying waste rebel supplies
to the amount of a million dollars and more, and scattering
dismay among a people who thought navigation entirely
obstructed.
" En Tennessee the gallant Thomas is giving the finishing
blows to that grand sttoke of the Davis-Hood-Beaureaard
policy which was to annihilate Sherman and ignoniin-
jously expel the Federal troops fiomthe soil of Tennessee.
Sheiman paid no heed to the vain boast, but puis.ii^d his
march, leaving the vaunting enpmy to the caie of Thomas
and his gallant men, and right nobly have they done their
duty. Falling back, as if under compulsion, Thomas admin-
istered a severe check to the encniy at Franklin, and con-
centiated his lines on the Cumberland. When Hood sent
out his detached pames, expecting to flank the old veteran
into further letieat, he was suddenly pounced down upon
and vanquished. We give his official dispatch this morn-
ing. Forrest, too, the chief of the Fort 1'iilow massacre,
is leported as killed.
" While thus fiom other quarters"of the military hoiizon
we are cheeied by tidings of success, the aimy of the Po-
tomac is not idle. The gallant Wairen has just leiumed
from a damaging raid upon the Weldon road, and the great
loader of oui armies is steadily maturing hi-j preparations
for the final demonstration against the iebel capital. Its
fate may be postponed, but it cannot be averted."
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Chairman, I do not
adopt the term " subjugate "as used by the gentle-
man from New York but in the last necessity. I
heartily concur with our excellent Chief Magis-
trate in the sentiment embodied in the last para-
graph of his message, and commend it especially
to the gentleman from New York, and all who
may sympathize with him in his elforts to in-
spire the supporters of a bad cause with confi-
dence:
" Jn stating a single condition of peace, 1 mean simply
fo say, that the war will ofa.se, on the part of the
Government, whenever it shall have ctasld ox the
part 0£,those who began it."
^ Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Farjjsworth reported
that the Committee ofthe Whole on the state of
the Union had had the Union generally under
consideration, and particularly the President's
annual message, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. HOLMAN, (at
ten minutes past three o'clock p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
