1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
,71
IN SENATE.
Tuesdat, December 20,1864.
Prayer by Rev. Thomas Bowman, D. D,,Chap-
iain to the Senate.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. MORGAN presented the memorial of A.
M. Conrey and H. S. Jaudon, praying that the
Secretary of the Treasury may be authorized to
pay to them a certain amount of money seized by
Major General Butler at New Orleans, and re-
mitted by him to the Treasury Department, the
same having been previously confiscated in thfe
hands of the Southern Bank of New Orleans, by
the rebel government; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
He also presented the memorial of Catharine
Harleston, praying to be remunerated for dam-
ages to her house and furniture, occasioned by
the shelling of her house on the Seventh street
road, in the District of Columbia, in the month
of July last, as is alleged, by order of the Presi-
dent of the United States; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. HENDRICKS presented a petition of offi-
cers in the subsistence department of the Army,
praying that'that department may be placed on
an equality with the quartermaster's department
in respectto promotion; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. WILSON presented three petitions of offi-
cers in the military service of the United States,
praying for an increase of their pay and allow-
ances; which were referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented the petition of Selina Bar-
clay, praying for remuneration for the loss of her
property occasioned by the burning of the navy-
yard Svt Portsmouth, Virginia, in April, 1861;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented the memorial of James N.
Carpenter, paymaster United States Navy, pray-
ing to be compensated for losses sustained by him
by reason of the rebellion, in consequence of his
absence on duty on board the United States ship
Saratoga; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. GRIMES presented the petition of J. B.
Parker and forty others, acting assistant surgeons
in the United States Navy, praying for an increase
of their pay; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. HALE. I have received and been re-
quested to present to the Senate the memorial of
Edmund F. Brown, a notary public and United
States commissioner of Washington city, asking
for the payment of a balance due him by the In-
terior Department for taking depositions in matters
connected with the Washington aqueduct. My
own impression is that it should be referred to the
Committee on Claims; but ithasbeentransmitted
to me with a request to have it referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia. If they, on
examination, find that it does not belong to them,
they will send it to the Committee on Claims. I
move that the petition be referred to the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia. „
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I have received, and been re-
quested to present to the Senate, a memorial from
Sister Ann Simeon Norris, mother superior of the
Sisters of Charity, which represents that by the
discipline of their order they are obliged to wear
a uniform of a certain description, winch is manu-
factured only in France, and that the duties upon
it are now so oppressive that they are notable to
receive the importation. They represent that they
spend their lives, a great many of them, in gratui-
tous service in the hospitals, and there are, I be-
lieve, some three or four hundred of them who de-
vote their whole time to purposes of charity in
the Army. They request that the duties on that
material may be remedied. I move that the me-
morial be referred to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I present the memorial of the
board of managers of the Soldiers' National Cem-
etery Association, asking for a slight appropria-
tion on the part of the Government to aid in the
erection of the monument at Gettysburg. As the
facts contained in the memorial are very interest-
ing, and the memorial itself is quite brief, I move
that it bo printed and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that permission
be granted to withdraw from the files of the Sen-
ate the petition of Charles Taylor, praying com-
pensation for service rendered and supplies ad-
vanced to the United States,-at Chicago, Illinois,
during the Black Hawk war, in 1832, and that it
be referred to the Committee on Claims. No re-
port has been made upon the case.
The motion was agreed to. /
MESSAGE PROM TUB HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 61,8) to
amend the act entitled "An act to provide inter-
nal revenue to support the Government, pay in-
terest on the public debt, and for other purposes,"
approved June 30, 1864; and that the House had
concurred in the amendment of the Senate to the
resolution proposing an adjournment from the
22d instant to the 5th of January, 1864.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill (II. R.
No. 560) to amend the act of Congress entitled
"An act to grant the right of preemption to cer-
tain purchasers on the Soscol Ranch, in the State
of California," reported it with amendments.
He, also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred various petitions from citizens of
California on that subject,asked to be discharged
from their further consideration, which was
agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill(S. No.
354) extending the time for the completion of cer-
tain land-grant railroads in Minnesota, and for
other purposes, reported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a joint resolution (S. R. No. 33) to
enable the Secretary of the Treasury to obtain
the title to certain property in Carson City, and
Territory of Nevada, for the purposes of a branch
mint located in said place, reported it without
amendment.
TIIE RECIPROCITY TREATY.
Mr. SUMNER. The Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the joint resolu-
tion (H. IX. No. 56) authorizing the President of
the United States to give to the Government of
Great Britain the notice required for the termina-
tion of the reciprocity treaty of the 5th of June,
A. D. 1854, have had the same under considera-
tion, and directed me to report it back to the Sen-
ate with an amendment striking out all after the
words "joint resolution" and inserting a substi-
tute. I am further directed to ask for the consid-
eration of the resolution to-morrow, and, if the
Senate will give me permission, I shall call it up
at some convenient moment to-morrow.
The same committee, to whom were referred
a memorial of the Chamber of Commerce of St.
Paul, Minnesota, remonstrating against any ac-
tion at the present session of Congress termina-
ting the reciprocity treaty, and also sundry pe-
titions from Connecticut, from Wisconsin, from
the Chamber of Commerce of Milwaukee, and
sundry other papers on the saipe subject, having
had them under consideration direct me to repoil
them all back to the Senate, with arequest to be
discharged from the furtherconsidcration thereof.
The committee was discharged.
Mr. FOOT. I desire to present the petitions
of a large number of citizens from various towns
in the State of Vermont, praying for the abroga-
tion of the reciprocity treaty, so called. As that
suhject has been reported upon tins morning by
the Committee on Foreign Relations, I move that
the petitions lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
WITHDRAWAL OP BONDED GOODS.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on Finance,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 603) to
extend the time allowed for the withdrawal of cer-
tain goods therein named from public stores, have
had the same under consideration, and directed
me to report it back without amendment and to
ask that it may be put on its passage at oncc.
There being no objection, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes
to provide that in computing the three years al-
lowed by the twenty-first section of the " act in-
creasing temporarily the duties on imports, and
for other purposes," approved July 14,1862,for
the withdrawal of goods from any public store
or bonded warehouse for exportation to foreign
countries or transhipment .to any port of the Pa-
cific or western coastof the United States, if such
exportation or transhipment of any goods shall,
either for the whole or any part of the term of
three years, have been prevented by reason of any
order of the President of the United States, the
time during which such exportation or tranship-
ment shall have been so prevented shall be ex-
cluded from the computation.
The §bill was reported to the Senate without
Amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
WASHINGTON GAS-LIGHT COMPANY.
Mr. DIXON. The Committee on the District
of Columbia, to whom was referred the memorial
of the Washington Gas-Light Company, pray-
ing for the repeal of'certain amendments to their
charter, have had the same under consideration,
and have instructed me to report a bill on thesub-
jectand to ask for it the immediate consideration of
the Senate. It is a matter of very great public as
well as private importance.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 363) to
amend the charter of the Washington Gas-Light
Company was read twice by its title and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes
to repeal so much of the acts of June 25,1860, and
July 11, 1862, as relate to the price of gas fur-
nished by the Washington Gas-Light Company,
and to amend the act incorporating the company
so as to prohibit the company from receiving, on
and after December 1, 1864, for the benefit of its
stockholders, a greater price for gas than the aver-
age net or cash price which may be charged in the
capitals of the Statesof Maryland,Pennsylvania,
New Jersey, and New York, and from that price
five per cent, is to be deducted on all gasfurnished
to the General Government.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. It seems to me that if we
arc to change the charter of this company we
ought to fix definitely the price of the gas con-
sumed. The gas consumed by the Government
of the United States now amounts to somewhere
between fifty and one hundred thousand dollars
per annum; and this bill affects also the price
paid by every consumer in the city of Washing-
ton. 1 think all of us are more or less interested
in4t. If the price now allowed by law is not
sufficient, ceitainly the Committee on the District
of Columbia ought to fix the^>rice,and not make
it so uncertain as to depend upon the legislation
of three or four different States—a standard that
no citizen interested in the subject can fix. How
would it be possible for a citizen of Washington
to know what is the law of these various States?
It would be impossible for lum to ascertain it. It
seems to me, therefore, that if the price allowed
is not sufficient, the Committed tin the District of
Columbia should fix a definite price per thousand
feet, and then every citizen will know precisely
whether they charge him according to faw or not.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is there no limit?
Mr. SHERMAN. No. It is to be fixed, as
I understand it, by what is allowed in the capi-
tals of Maryland, Pennsylvania, New Jersey,
and New York.
Mr. JOHNSON. They charge differently in
the cities to which reference is made.
Mr. WILSON. I think we had betternotpass.
this bill this morning. Let us have a little time
to reflect upon it and to inquire into it. Itseems
to mo, however, that some action ought to be had
not only in regard to the price, but especially in
regard to the quality ,of the gas. The quality;of<
the gas of this city is of the very poorest descrip-
tion. Everybody sees it, feels it, tastes it, and
smells it. I think we had better let the bill lie
over, and we shall probably hear something about
it in a few days and can make the bill what it
ought to be; but I am sure that some action ought
to be had in regard to this matter of gas in this
city.
Mr. DIXON. I have a letter here from the sec-
