1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8$1
Mr. MORRILL. 1 move that all debate upon
the paragraph pending in Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and all amendments
thereto, shall cease in five minutes after the
Goinmittee shall again resume the consideration
thereof.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the rules be
Buspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended, and the House re-
solved itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. Pomeroy in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of the spe-
cial order, being the tax bill.
Mr. GARFIELD. J move to strike out this
entire section, and I do it for the purpose of mak-
ing a suggestion to which I wish some attention
given by the Committee of Ways and Means.
I believe that this income tax, as now adminis-
tered, is the very essence of injustice, and unless
some change can be made in the law so as to re-
move its fundamendal difficulties, I hope it will
be voted out of this bill.
I dislike to make any such suggestion as this,
because I desire to do everything in my power
to increase the revenue, but this bill makes no
discrimination between the sources from which
income is derived. One man with nothingin the
world except his hands, by his energy makes
$2,000 a year, it may be; another, with $50,000
invested in land®, does not work, produces not
one dollar, and adds nothing to the wealth of the
country, and at the end of the year receives as
rental of his estate $2,000; he pays precisely the
same tax and only the same as the man who has
nothing.
There is no equality in this mode of taxation.
I believe, sir, that the Committee of Ways and
Means ought to devise a system by which in-
comes derived from different sources may pay
different rates, so that labor and production may
be encouraged.
Mr. MORRILL. Is the gentleman from Ohio
prepared to give up thirty-five or fifty millions of
income tax and propose a tax directly upon the
real estate of the country?
Mr. GARFIELD. I will say to the gentleman
that I do not think it necessary to give up the in-
come tax, but I do think it necessary to recast
this section so that there shall be a discrimination
between different kinds of income. That can be
done without levying a direct tax upon land.
There are men who have no other capital than
their hands and brains, who are taxed more than
men worth sixty, seventy,eighty, and ahundred
thousand dollars. I can give examples by the
dozen of precisely such instances from the work-
ing of the income law of last session. A captain
in the Army with a family to support, and with
no wealth but his salary, pays more income tax
to the Government than many a man who has
$50,000 invested and lives comfortably without
labor or risk.
This mode of taxation is the very soul of in-
justice,and if the Committee of Ways and Means
cannot devise some mode of adapting the tax to
a better scale of justice than this we had better
repeal it. But 1 believe it can be made tolerable
by such a classification of sources of income as
is made in the law of Great Britain for 1842, and
by taxing the income oflaborless than that which
arises from unproductive wealth. I throw out
this suggestion that some response may be made
to relieve the bald injustice of this tax as it stands
before the country.
The question was taken on Mr. Ross's amend-
ment to the amendment, and it was disagreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Mallory's
amendment.
Mr. TOWNSEND. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out " three" and insert-
ing " six."
The amendment to the amendment was disa-
greed to—ayes 41, noes 59.
Mr. Malloky's amendment was then agreed
to—ayes 65, noes 56.
Mr. ANCONA. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in after line six hundred and forty-
two: •
Provided further, That the special income tax Imposed
by joint resolution, approved July 4, 1864, shall not apply
to incomes of the officers of the Army and Navy for the
year 1863, since discharged by reason of disability from
wounds received or disease contracted in the service, or
by expiration of term of service: Jlnd provuled further,
Whenever said tax lias been assessed nnd paid by such of-
ficers, or by their widows in cases where they have died,
the same shall he refunded,under such regulations as the
Secretary of the Treasury shall prescribe.
Mr. MORRILL. I make the question of or-
der on the amendment that it is not germane to
anything in the paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The Chair thinks that it is ger-
mane to the paragraph.
Mr. ANCONA demanded tellers on his amend-
ment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ancona and
Baxter were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 55, noes 59.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I move to amend by strik-
ing out, in line six hundred and twenty-one,
" $600" and inserting in lieu thereof" $1,000;" so
that it will read " a duty of five per cent, on the
excess over $1,000."
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILSON. I propose to amend by in-
serting the following as an additional section:
Every national banking association, State bank,or State
banking association, shall pay a tax of ten per cent, on the
amount of notes of any State banks or State banking asso-
ciations paid out by them after the 1st day of January,
1866.
Mr. MORRILL. I suggest to the gentleman
from Iowa that his amendment will come in bet-
ter as an additional section at another point.
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection to wait.
I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. ECKLEY. 1 move to amend by striking
out the words 44on the excess over $600 and;"
so that it will read " a duty of five per cent, on
not exceeding $3,000."
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I move to amend by strik-
ing out all that appertains to the income tax and
by substituting therefor a provision requiring the
imposition of two per cent, on sales.
Mr. MORRILL. I suggest to the gentleman
from New York that that amendment had better
be offered when we come to the clause in regard
to sales. He will then have an opportunity to
discuss it
Mr. GRISWOLD. I desire to offer it as a
substitute to the income tax.
Mr. MORRILL. Then I make the question of
order that the amendment is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The amendment is not in order
at present.
Mr. BROOMALL. I move to amend by add-
ing, at the end of the paragraph, the words
" derived from sales of real estate;" so that it will
read:
Provided further, That net profits realized by sales of
real estate purchased since January ]. 1834, shall be charge-
able as income, and lo^es on salesof real estate purchased
since January 1,1864, and hold within the year for which
income is estimated, shall be deducted fiom tiie Income of
such year derived from sales of real estate.
I suppose that that was the intention of the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. KASSON. 1 think the gentleman from
Pennsylvania is in error on that point. The effect
of his amendment would be 
The CHAIRMAN, (interrupting.) The House
has closed debate on the whole paragraph.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. I move to amend by strik-
ing out " $600" and inserting "§800;" so that it
will read " a duty of five per cent, on the excess
over $800."
The question being on the amendment,
Mr. 1NGERSOLL demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ingersoll
and Hooper were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 48, noes 52.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. ANCONA. I move to amend by adding
the following proviso:
Provided further, That the special income tax Imposed
by joint resolution approved July 4, 1864, shall not npplyto
incomes of the officers of the Army and Navy for the year
1863, since discharged by reason of disability from wounds
received or disease contracted in the service or by expira-
tion of term of service.
Mr. MORRILL. I rise to a question of order.
That amendment has been already voted on once
and voted down.
Mr. ANCONA. The amendment is changed
since it was voted on.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order. It is not the same amendment as
was proposed before.
Mr. MORRILL. Virtually the same thing.
Mr. ANCONA. Virtually not the same thing.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules tho
point of order.
The question being on the amendment,
Mr. ANCONA demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered;and Messrs. Ancovaand
Hooper were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 38, noes 56.
So the amendment was rejected.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] withdraw his amendment
to strike out the section ?
Mr. GARFIELD. I withdraw it. I only
wanted to have an opportunity of saying what I
did.
Mr. GANSON moved to amend the paragraph
by adding thereto the following:
Provided, That 110 tax shall be imposed on any income
derived solely from a salary not ejceediiiB$l>000 per an-
num.
The question was taken on the amendment,
and it was rejected.
Mr. PRUYN moved to strike out the entire
paragraph as amended.
The motion was not agreed to.
The next paragraph was then read.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend this para-
graph by inserting after the words " unsold or on
hand during the year next preceding the 31st of
December," the words " until the same shall be
sold." I offer this to obviate a construction that
might be given, that the property thus deducted
one year shall not be subject to this taxation the
succeeding year.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GANSON. I move to amend the first;
clause of the paragraph by inserting after the !
words " all national, State, and municipal taxes,"
the words "or assessments." I offer this amend-
ment because there are different constructions
given to those words by different tribunals.
Mr. MORRILL. As it is now very near the
time for the House to take a recess, I move that
the committee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Pomeroy reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of tha
Union had, according to order, had under consid-
eration the state of the Union generally, and par-
ticularly the tax bill, (H. R. No. 744,) and had
come to no resolution thereon.
The SPEAKER. The hour of half-past four
has at rived, at which time the House has ordered
that a recess be taken until seven o'clock p. m.
Mr. MALLORY. I move to dispense with the
session to-night.
The SPEAKER. The hour has arrived for
taking a recess.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. Is there no way to dis-
pense with to-night's session?
The SPEAKER. It might have been done by
a motion before the hour of half past four had
arrived.
Mr. MALLORY. I rose to make the motion
as soon as the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Pomeroy] completed his report from the Commit-
tee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The hour fixed upon by the
i House for the recess had arrived when thegentle-
from New York [Mr. Pomeroy] made his re-
port.
Mr. MALLORY. How could the Chair re-
ceive his report, then?
The SPEAKER. He had just completed hi* '
report when the hour arrived. By unanimous
consent, the motion of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Mallory] to dispense with tha ses-
sion to-night can be received and voted upon.
Several Members objected.
The House thereupon took a recess until seven
o'clock, p.m.
