72
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
retavy of the company with regard to the quality
of the gas, and I may as well, perhaps, allude to
that, as the Senator from Massachusetts has re-
ferred to it. It is true that about ont* week ago
there was a very great defect in the character of
the gaa, which was probably perceived by every
person who had occasion to use it; but 1 believe,
With thatexception, there lias been no complaint.
The secretary of the company, Mr. Brown, wrote
me a note in regard to that, which I will read to
the Senate. He says:
Office op the Washington Gas-Light Company,
No. 483 Tenth Strekt West,
Wasuinoton City, December 19,1864.
Dear Sir: Last week we received a cargo of coal from
Nova Scotia*out of the Glace bay mines, from which there
has been sent us about a thousand tons in 1864, all good
coal, such as is used in Boston and other eastern eities.
Being scarce of coal we commenced using it aupnce, and
did not observe the unpleasant odor of the gas until we had
caibonized some fifty tuns*; it was immediately stopped us
&oon as discovered, but one hundred and seventy-five thou-
sand feet of the <jas had passed into the holders and affected
the whole supply for forty-ei«ht houis. This coal cost moie
than the coal fioni West Virginia, and nearly as much as
that from Pittsburg, and was only ordered because vvc could
not get our winter supply from the United States. This
company ha* alwavs lurnu-hed gurer and better gas than
was used any other place, and it is our intention to do feO
regardless of the cost of coal, as long as we can furnish any
at all. The cargo of coal referred to will not be used for
manufacturing ga>, and every care, will be takon to prevent
the production of an miicle of the character complained of.
I aru, &c., J. F. BROWN, Secretary, tyc.
Hon. James Dixon, United States Senator.
That is with regard to the quality of the gas.
Now, as to the question of postponing this mat-
ter, I will state to the Senate, and 1 think the
Senate will see, that immediate or at least early
action is required on this subject, after hearing
the facts.
On the 25th of June, 1860, a bill wag passed
limiting the price of gas to be furnished by this
company to #3 50 per thousand feet. In 1862
an amendment was adopted to an appropriation
bill limiting the company to $2 80 per thousand
feet to the Government and $3 to other con-
sumers, with ten f>er cent, deducted, leaving the
price to be paid by the Government #2 52, winch
is now paid, and by other consumers #2 TO. It
is perfectly obvious that, with the present price
of coal and the present price of labor, it is utterly
impossible for this company to furnish the public
with gas at these rates. They are, as the com-
mittee were informed and believe, at this lime act-
ually losing a very large sum of money monthly.
They have not made a dividend for eighteen
months,and they will notonly make nodividends
hereafter, at the present prict-s, but the committee
were satisfied they would be compelled to aban-
don their works, and perhaps give them up to the
Government, and the Government will be com-
pelled to furnish its own gas, which we believe
could not be furnished at this time at a price less
than six dollars pel' thousand.
Now, sir, this company present their bills month-
ly. They must present their bills at the com-
mencement of the next month, and if no action
is had now the subject must go over, and they
will be compelled by the Government to furnish
gas for another month at a losing rate. It does
not seem to me that that is just or right.
As to the objection of the Senator from Ohio,
the committee would have prefencd to fix a cer-
tain rate of price; but they found it very difficult to
do so in consequence of the fact that materials and
labor are constantly rising. It would be impos-
sible for the committee to say what would now
and six months hence, and perhaps a year hence,
be a fair price, it was therefore thought if we
adopted as a criterion for the price, the price in
several cities where coal is twenty or thirty per
cent, cheaperalways than here, as in Harrisburg,
Trenton, and Annapolis, that that would be a fair
rate, and then there would be no occasion for this
company to come to Congress again and ask that
the limitation be removed. Still, if the Senate
prefer to fix a rate, of course the committee would
have no objection to n; bitt the reason why they
adopted this mode was that it seemed difficult at
this tune to fix: a rate which would be just at a
future tim° as well as just now.
The PRESI DENT pro tempore. The question
is, Shall the bill be engrossed, and read a third
time?
Mr. HARLAiN. I move that the further con-
sideration of the bill be postponed until to-mor-
row. The committee that have had this bill un-
der consideration doubtless are quite familiar with
all the facts connected with it, but it is manifest
that a majority of the Senators present are not;
and?itis not unreasonable, I think, that it should
go over a few days until we can become some-
what acquainted with the facts, i believe this
company has a monopoly of this whole business
in the city of Washington, and if so, we ought
to be a little careful in our legislation.
Mr. DIXON. The Senator is mistaken; that
is not so. Another company has been chartered,
and has the privilege at any time of laying down
pipes and supplying gas.
Mr. HARLAN. But practically at this time
this company furnishes all the gas consumed in
Washington.
Mr. DIXON. They do so at this time.
Mr. GRIMES. The other company has for-
feited its charter.
Mr. HARLAN. My colleague remarks that
the other company has forfeited its charter, so
that this company has a monopoly of the whole
business. The legislation on the subject, there-
fore, I think,ought to be prudent and careful. I
think it is probable that the price of gas ought to
be increased, but we ought to be well informed
on the subject before legislation is had. I hope,
therefore,'that the bill may go over for a few
days.
Mr. DIXON. I merely wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the fact that here is an ex-
isting law compelling this company to furnish gas
at a price at which they cannot afford to do it.
When that fact is considered, it seems to rfie that
is a reason why the subject should not be de-
layed. They merely ask a repeal of the restric-
tion upon them. Is it just or right, 1 ask the
Senate, to compel this company to furnish gas at
a late at which we all know they cannot afford
to do it?
Mr. HENDERSON. As a member of the
Committee on the District of Columbia, when
this proposition was laid before it, I took some
pains to ascertain what charge the pioposed bill
would make. I did not know that the bill would
be called up this morning. The hill under con-
sideration proposes to allow this company to
charge the average price of gas in Annapolis,
Trenton, Albany, and Harrisburg. When the
bill was first presented i was unable to ascertain
the price of gas in Trenton and Albany. I have
since that time ascertained it. I knew the price
of gas in the other two cities. I find that in An-
napolis it is $4 50 per thousand feet; at Trenton,
$4; at Albany, $3 80; and at Harrisburg, $3 50.
The average price, therefore, if wc pass this bill,
would be $3 95 per thousand feet m the city of
Washington. We now allow the gas company
§2 80. Hence the passage of the bill will involve
,m increase of price of $1 15 per thousand feet.
That is just exactly the bill that is now before
the Senate.
1 have before me a statement of the price of
gas in the various cities of the Union. It varies
very much. In a great many places the price is
higher than the proposed price* here, and in a
gieat many otheis it is a great deal lower. For
instance, at Augusta, Maine, it is $5 15; at Port-
land,^ 61; at Manchester, New Hampshire, £4; j
at Portsmouth, $4 46; ar Boston, Massachusetts,
§2 75; at Providence, Rhode Island, $4; at New-
port, $4 30; at Hartford, Connecticut, §3 80; at
Burlington, Verrpont, $6 50; at Buffalo, New
York, $3 50; at Syracuse, $4; at Troy, £3 80; at
Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, §1 60; at Wilmington,
Delaware, $3 30; at Baltimore, $3, &c.
The Senate will see at once what change this
bill will make if it should be passed. It will
be an inciease of $1 15 per thousand feet. I am
satisfied that if the prices I have read be but a
fair remuneration for furnishing gas in the other ;
cities of the Union, the pi ice ought to be increased
here. I do not know whether that remunera-
tion is but a fair remuneiation or not. That is
for the Senate to judge. Certainly the price of
gas is ay high as we propose to make it here m a I
great numy ci'if-s of the Union where coal and i
labor cxn be furnished much more cheaply than ;
they can be in Washington. Atotherpoints,ag<un, ;
it seems to me it is lower wheie it should be really j
higher than here. It is for the Senate todeteim- >
ine the matter. I do not know much about this j
subject, but before I consulted to the reporting of j
thiu bill I felt it to be my duty lo look into the I
matter, so that Senators might be apprised of the
true state of the facts.
The PRESIDENT/)?**) tempore. The question
is on thf* motion of the Senator from Iowa [Mr.
Harlan] to postpone the bill until to-morrow.
The motion was agieed to.
YICE ADMIRAL.
Mr. GRIMES. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 353) to establish the grade of vice
admiral m the United States Navy, to report the
same back without amendment and recommend
its passage; and I move that the Senate proceed,
by unanimous consent, to the consideration of the
bill now.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It proposes to authorize the President
of the United States, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, to appoint one vice admi-
ral who is to be selected from the list of active
rear admirals, and who is to be the ranking offi-
cer in the Navy of the United States, and whose
relative rank with the officers of the Army is to
be that of lieutenant general in the Army.
The second section provides that the pay of the
vice admiral of the Navy shall b£ $7,000 when
at sea; §6,000 when on shore duty; and $5,000
when waiting orders.
The third section provides that the section of
nn act approved December 21,1861, entitled 44 An
act further to promote the efficiency of the Navy,"
shall not be so construed as to apply to any one
holding a commission as a vice admiral in the
Navy.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. FOSTER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
3G5) in relation to pensions; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 364) to increase the number of cadets in
and to lasse the standard of admission to the
Military Academy; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Military Af-
faits and the Militia, and ordered to be printed.
OATH OP ALLEGIANCE.
Mr. HARLAN. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and ask for its consideration;
Revolved, That the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia be nistiueted tuimjuiie into the expediency and pro-
puety o{ reqnnmgnl) residents of the Dr->met ol'Colombia
to take and file with the provost marshal of said Di^uict
an oath ol allegiance or fidelity to ibe United States simi-
lar to the oath icquired by law of members and Senators
in Congress and oilier officer of the Government, and aHo
ilie expediency and piopnety ot prohibiting all persons
from doing business in said District or with the several
Depajtments ot the Government who have not or may uot
take and file «uch oath5 and that said committee have
leave to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am not one of those
who believe th'at the increase of oaths by citizens
promotes either individual or public virtue, and
I object to the consideration of the resolution at
this time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it will lie over under the rule,
LAND SALES IN KANSAS.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, submitted the follow-
ing resolution, which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be instructed
to communicate to the Senate as to the quantity of I incl
winch lnv-s boon actually cold under the piov^ions or the
tnuith and fifth article* of the tieaty made by the United
States with the, Sac and Fox Indians of the'Mi^NMppi,
Octooer 1, A. D. 1659, and ratified July 9, A. D. 1BG0; the
price pei acre at which s aui lands weie sold; what oppor-
tunity the people of Kansas have had to compete in the
purchase 01 the.sai e; whether any btds> are now 011 rilem
the F11 tenor Dcpai tment f<>r the puicha^e ot any p'.i lions of
=.ud lands t ji -o. then for what amount of land, and whether
at a price ahove or below the appraised value of said lands;
it any of f^aid land? have been sold, what was received lor
til em, money or ?ci ip; if ip, then wh.u kind of scrip; if
any bids lor the pmeha^e ot any of said lands are now be-
toie the Department, what is it proposed by the D«pattment
to receive in pay lor'lands on said hid:-, mone> or  cnp; it
scrip, then wnai kind of ^orip; was the land aheady &oid
purehiwud by citizens of Kan^a.* or speculators; and altio
