1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IS
to communicate to the Senate any and all other information
the r-nia tieeretaiy of the Inferior may have a& to the sale
of «aul land-, and the piobabduy of selling tiie ^ame so as
to pay thereiiom the indebtedness of the said Indians.
TREATMENT OP PRISONERS 01? WAR.
Mr. WILKINSON. I offer the following res-
olution:
Whereas the lamp number of officers and enlisted men
belonging to ihe armies of the United Slates who are now
held as prisoners of war by our enemies are bums treated
in the nioc-t ei uel and baib<irou& manner, deprived of neces-
sary food and clothing, often loft exposed to the weather
without fue', biiinkck, or clothing, or even a shelter over
them; and wheteas from such inhuman treatment thou-
sands of our hiave soldiers have died fsom staivation and
unnecessary expo-ute, while thousands who survive ate
from their extreme ■"•iliciings wholly unable to render fur-
ther veivieo in t!ie Aimy; and whereas every possible of-
foit ha« been runde by the Government and people of the
United Elates to induce the rebel authorities to pursue a
more humane policj toward the<e pnsoners and to lojiuve
their sufferings, which clforjs have been of no avail, while
on the other hand -supplies of food and clothing which have
been forwarded to them have seldom reached their desti-
nation but have been a;>piopriuted to the u&e ol the enemy,
thus ptnviug iliar the iclml autliouties not only refused to
feed and clothe 0111 tohlici-? themselves, but (hey refuse to
let the Government oi tlie people of the United rftates do
&o: Therefore,
Raolcctl, That in the opinion of Congress it would be
wise and pioper ior the Secietary of War to direct thatthe
rations, ciothinc, and supplies to be furnished to the rebel
pnsoncra m out l>and> be limited in amount and kind
to those furnished hy the lebnl authorities to (Jnion troops
held by thun as prisoners of war, and that they be treated
in all respects as the union prisoners are treated by the
rebel auihontics.
I should like to have the resolution put upon
its passage this morning.
Mr. JOHNSON. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection be-
ing made, it must lie over.
Mr. WILKINSON. I wish to say a word or
two in regard to the resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It can only
be done by unanimous consent of the Senate.
Mr. JOMNSON. f waive the objection.
Mr. WILKINSON. It is well understood
throughout the countiy,and has been for nearly
two years, that the Union soldiers, officers and
enlisted men, have been treated in the most bar-
barous and inhuman manner by the rebel author-
ities. The Government of the United States, on
the other hand, have not retaliated, but have en-
deavored to get through supplies and medicines,
and the Sanitary Commission and the Christian
Commission have been at work and haveendenv-
oit'd to alleviate or relieve the sufferings of our
soldiers who are prisoners in the South. Through
the negotiations of the Government every effort
has been made to induce the lebel authorities to
pursue a different policy in regard to the treat-
ment of our soldiers, until it has become appa-
rent to my mind that their principal object is to
reduce these men by suffering, by starvation, by
inhuman and barbarous treatment, to so low a
physical condition that it will be utterly impos-
sible for them hereafter ever to enter into the ser-
vice of the United States tn the Army, while on
the other hand the Government of the United
States have been pursuing the course which all
enlightened Christian nations pursue in the treat-
ment of captives which are held by them as pris-
oners of war.
The other night I met the assistant adjutant
general upon the staff of the brave and gallant
General Custer, who was taken prisoner in Sep-
tember last, and was taken to Columbia, South
Carolina, on the 7th day of October, 1864, and he
told me that fifteen hundred officers were placed
upon an area of live acres of ground one third of
which was swamp, without any shelter; that his
coat, boots, blanket, and everything of that kind
were taken from him, and they were pluccd in this
stockade without axes, without shovels, even
without anything to cook their .rations or to pro-
vide them the least shelter. For two weeks
they could not obtain an ax even to cut wood
with which to cook their rations, and after that
time six axes and some few shovels were distrib-
uted among those fifteen hundred officers, which
enabled them, hy combining their efforts, to get a
little wood to cook their food, and by the use of the
shovels to dig some holes in the dnt where they
could 'ue m the night and be somewhat protected
from the October frost. He also stated that in the
months of July and August the deaths at Anderson-
ville, forhe wasafterwardsat Amiersouville, from
starvation and suffering were eight thousand out
of thirty-five thousand prisoners, and the number
of deaths which have occurred at Andersonville,
through the inhumanity, the barbarism of the
rebel authorities, is thirteen thousand four hun-
dred and eighty. When he was brought to the
city of Charleston to be exchanged in company
with Captain E. M. Lee, of the fifth Michigan
cavalry 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, TheSenator
will pause; it becomes the duty of the Chair to
cull up the special order of the day, being the un-
finished business of yesterday, Senate joint reso-
lution No. 82.
Mr. WILSON. Letthatbe passed over inform-
ally.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It may be laid
aside informally.
. Mr. WILKINSON. WhcnhecametoCharles-
ton to be transferred to the receiving ship, the
City of New York, he came in company with
Captain E. M. Lee, of the fifth Michigan cav-
alry. The rebel steamer Celtcame down the har-
bor, and while they were transfeiring the Union
piisoners to the Union boat, the City of New
York, there were eleven dead men: they were
either dead before they were carried over the plank
from one boat to another, or they died immedi-
ately after being laid upon the deck of the City of
New York. A newspaper in the city of Colum-
bia, South Carolina, published an article aboutthe
time of the exchange of those prisoners, wherein
it boasted that the Union prisoners held by them
which were sent North and exchanged would
never render any more service for the cause of the
Union and the cause of their country; and it also
suited that the prisoners which were held by the
United States and exchanged for those prisoners
who had been physically destroyed, were in good
condition to enter the lebel service at once.
I know that southern people have sometimes
made misrepresentations respecting our treatment
of prisoners from their armies, and hence, in ad-
dition to the testimony of the editor of a South
Carolina paper, to which I have just refeired, it
may be pioper that I should quote a few lines
from a work now before me which furnishes the
testimony of a well-known philanthropic lady:
c* Point Lookout was ^till another post which had been
subjected to the rebel statement that the pi goners there
buflered fiom ciueity and neglect. Miss Dix, vvno visited
thor-e very pr^onus, sufficiently dUpo.ses of the tlandcr.
She feay? : £ They were supplied with vegetable?-, with the
hc^t wiicfu hi cad, and frc-h .tud salt meat three times dailj
m abundant mca^uic—the full Govci unseat i anon."'
"In the camp of about nine thousand u-bel prisoner.-2
there wete but lom hundred K-noited to the MU«eon. Of
the'-e one bundled wei e confined to theii bed-, thirty were
vei> Mck, and perhaps fifteen or twenty would never ic-
cover.
u The hospital food consisted of beef tea. beef soup, rice,
milk puti'-h, niiik, tinu'l, lemonade, stewed fruits, b> ci-
ttcak, vegetables, and mutton. White sugar was employed
in cooking. The supplies were, in fact, more ample and
abundant than m hospital.-, wheie our own men were under
tr< <ii nif nt.
"The surgeons of the vaiious hospitals, m several in-
stance.-, alluded to the excellent condition of the prisoners
when di-cluuged and exchanged; and in the btatement of
Mit-s l>ix wiil be found a hue! dct-ciiption of their appear-
ance when leaving the flay of-trtiee boat lor their own
hues: "All weie in vigoioiN health, equipped m clothes
furnished by the United States Government, nianvof them
with blankets and haversacks!'"
Now, Mr. President, this thing; has gone too
far. It may notbe rightforus to starve their men
because they starve ouis, for retaliation merely.
1 think the laws of war would justify a course of
retaliation on the pa>t of our Government; still,
perhaps the higher law of Christian civilization
would not justify it upon theground of retaliation
alone; but while we are exchanging, these prison-
ers and turning over ten thousand healthy men to
enter their armies at onco to fight against the cause
of this Union, they are sending back in their
places ten thousand men physically destroyed, ten
thousand men who can render no service to the
Union and to the cause of the country, There-
foie$in a double sense, the Government of the
United States should teach these men that this
thing can go on no longer. For the puipose of
preventing them from gaming an advantage over
us in the field, and giving them the power of
strengthening their armies, while ours are not
strengthened at all, and also for th" purpose of
protecting, as far as we are able to do, the brave
men who have been fighting for the cause of their
country, I think that this course ought to be
adopted, and that, there should be no delay in re-
gard to the pohey which thus Government should
adopt. I ask the Senate to takeup my resolution
and act upon it now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understands objection to be made.
Mr. JOIINS'ON. I object.
Tho PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection is
still made. ' •
Mr. WILKINSON afterwards moved that the
resolution be referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, and the objection to
the consideration of the resolution being with-
drawn, the motion to refer was agreed to.
AIUIESTS IN KENTUCKY.
The PRESIDENT )pro tempore* The special
order of the day, being the unfinished business of
yesterday, will now be taken up.
Mr. POWELL. I move to postpone all pend-
ing and prior orders for the purpose of proceeding
to the consideration of the resolution 1 offered yes-
terday calling for information as to the arrest and
imprisonment of Lieu tenant Governor Jacobs and
Colonel Wolford of Kentucky.
Mr. WILSON. I hope that will not be done.
Tiie question being put, a division was called
for.
Mr. POWELL asked for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. CONNESS. What is the resolution? Let
it be read.
The Secretary read the resolution submitted
yesterday by Mr. Powell, as follows:
Resolved, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to the Senate all infoirnatlon in his possesion bearing
on the arrest and imprisonment of Colonel Richard T. Ja-
cobs, Lieutenant Governoi of the State of Kentucky, and
Colonel Fiank Wolford, one of the presidential electors of
that State; particularly bywhose order they were arrested
and impu-oned, wheie they aie at present confined, and
what olfenses aie charged against them,
Mr. POWELL. I desire to say only a word.
I had not supposed that such a resolution as this
would meet with opposition in the Senate of the
United States. It simply proposes an inquiry-
concerning the arrest and imprisonment of two
citizens of tho United States, both of them well
known to bo strong Union men. Both of them
have served in the Army of the United States with
distinguished honor. ~43oth of them have been
more than once wounded in conflict at the front.
They were both soldiersof distinguished ability.
They were active friends of General McClellan at
the last presidential election. Both canvassed the
State of Kentucky to a considerable extent. Soon
after the flection, without any cause known to
their fi iends,-they were arrested, and without any
trial, placed in prison. Colonel Wolford, T un-
derstand,-^ closely confined at Covington, Ken-
tucky. It is not known where Lieutenant Gov-
ernor Jacobs is. He seems to have been spirited
away in some manner or other. I saw three days
agoa telegraphic-dispatch to one ofmy colleagues,
from the Governor of Kentucky, which said that
Colonel Wolford was confined at Covington,and
that it was not known where Lieutenant Governor
Jacobs wns.
This resolution simply asks the President by
what authority they were arrested, and where
they are. It strikes me that such a gross viola-
tion of all the rights of the citizen should not be
passed idly by in this body. I can see no possi-
ble objection to the passage of the resolution. If
these gentlemen have committed any crime, if
they have been guilty of the violation of any law,
let them be brought before the legal tribunals and
tiled and punished. But that citizens, civilians,
for they are now both out of the Army, one of
them holding the second office in the gift of the
people of Kentucky, should be arrested without
wairant and without charge, and thrown into
prison, in my judgment is the ^soasost violation
of the rights of an American cit.zen; and we, at
least, should pass a resolution asking the causc of
the arrest, and the charges upon which it was
made, and by whom it was done. We know that
th *y were arrested by the military authoiities
there, but for what they were arrested we are
profoundly ignorant.
I trust, s<r, t hat Senators in favor of the Admin-
istration will not longer think that they can pro-
mote the interest of their party and their country
by allowing the rights of citizens thus to be trarn-
| pled down. There is no man who can truthfully
j say that either Colonel Wolford or Lieutenant
i Governor Jacobs id not loyal to the Coiiblitution
