1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
839
applies to salaries of captains and first and sec-
ond lieutenants. I believe that it is agreed upon
all hands that the salary received by these offi-
cers ia too small at the present time, and it may-
be that no successful effort will be made during
the present Congress to increase it. The salary
of officers above the grade of captain, it is under-
stood, is reasonable, to a certain extent. My
proposition is to exeinpt the salaries of officers
under the grade of major who fire in the field ft om
taxation; and it seenii to me that it should com-
mend itself to the favj>rablc consideration of thpe-
comrnittee. '<
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, I understand
from the chanman of, tho Military CopftYnitte^
[Mr. Sciienck] that $is has been considered in
a bill which that cormnittce is abojjt to report,
and I think, therefore,'that it is better not to con-
sider it here. I hope that th^mendment will
be jejected.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suggest to the gentleman
from Vermont that if a general bill is passed on
the subject the Senate may strike this out, and if
none be passed tins will be so much gained.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 will remark that the gen-
eral bill for the relief of officers of the Army, pro-
viding certain advantages for officers m the field,
includes, among other things, a release from this
income tax. That bill is now ni the hands of a
member of the Military Committee, and will be
reported on Saturday next. This amendment
might clash with that bill, and perhaps it would
be belter to provide for the whole thing in one
bill than to legislate partially in an appropriation
bill. 1 state this for the information of the gentle-
man from Indiana.
Mr. HOLMAN. With the understanding that
this is to be repoited by the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and perhaps with a wider scope, I
withdraw my amendment.
Mr. BOUTW ELL. 1 move to strike from the
following these woids, " other than the compa-
nies specified in this section:"
Ami al-o all income or gains derived ftom the puichase
ami t>ale of stock* oi oilier piopeitv, real or personal, and
of live  tock, and the amount of live stock, sugai, wool,
buttei, cheese, potk, beet, mutton, or other meats, hay
and grain, oi othei vegetable or other productions, being
the giowth or ptoduce ot the estate of such person sold,
not including any part thereof unsold or on hand during
the j ear next piecediug the .'list ot December, shall be in-
cluded and us=c^ed as part of the income of such person
for each year, and the gains and ptofits of all companies,
whether incorporated or partnership, other than the com-
panies specified in this section, shall be included in esti-
mating the annual gains, profit*., or income of any person
entitled to the same, whether divided or otherwise.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRUYN. I call the attention of the gen-
tleman having charge of this bid to these words:
And may increase the amount of any list or return it he
has reason to behove that the same i& uudeisiated.
The principle laid down here is inconsistent
with the succeeding clause. If there be no sat-
isfactory explanation it ought to be stricken out.
Mr. MORRTLL. The bill requires that in all
cases the leturn shall be made under oath, and
that that shall be pi ima facie evidence, but not
conclusive. It is intended still to leave the power
with the assistant assessor to increase the amount
if he is not satisfied with the oath; and to protect
the party, if he is dissatisfied, he may take an
appeal.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I move to amend
by inserting in line seven hundred and forty-nine,
after the words " United States," the words
" upon all his or her gains or profits as pro-
vided by this act;" so that the clause will read:
Pi otided, That any party. In his or her own behalf, or as
guard id ti or trustee, shall be pennitted to declare,under oath
or afhimation, the form and manner of which shall be pie-
fCiibed hy The Commissioner o( internal Kevenue. that he
or she was. not possessed of an income of $60U, liable to be
asM's ed accoidutg to the provisions of tin® act, or may de-
claim that he or she ha-> been as-esscd and paid an income
duty elsewhere in the same year under authority of the
United State-, upon all of his or her gains or piofits as pio-
vuh'd by tins act, and if the assistant'assessor shall be sat-
isfied ot the truth of the deelaiation shall thereupon be ex-
empt fiom income duty in said district.
I offer this amendment because, by the terms
of this act, a person might fraudulently in one dis-
trict make a ictuin of income not covering his
entire income ks intended by the act, and then in
the place where by law he should make his re-
turn of income he simply makes an affidavit that
lie has made a return of income in another dis-
trict; and by making such affidavit before the
assessor he would be discharged by the terms of
this act from making^the return which is contem-
plated'by the law,* * My object is simply to pre-
vent a fraud uptfii the law itself.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 do notsec that there isany
great necessity of the amendment, and 1 see no
harm i-fl it.
amendment was agreed to.
WILSON. 1 move to amend by insert-
ing m line seven hundred and fifteen, after the
word " aforesaid,'*' the words "which list shall
state the specific souice of each item of income,
and the amount thereof."
Mr. STEVENS. 1 really think that would
be very inconvenient and vexatious. I cannot
see any necessity for it, and 1 hope it will not be
adopted.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by strik-
ing out of line seven hundred and ninety-seven
the words " with intent to evade1' and insetting
m lieu thereof the woids "contrary to;" so that
the clause shall read:
That any person or persons who shall make, sign, or is-
sue, or who -•hall eau-e to bo made, signed, or t^ued, any
liibti uincur, document, or |mper ot any kind oi de-etiption
whul.-oever,or shall accept, negotiate, or pay, or cau-*e to
be accepted,negotiated,or p-ud,any hill ofexehange,dralt,
or oidet oi prouH-^oty note, lor the payment ol money,
without tlie same being duly stamped, or having thereupon
an adhesive stamp fot denoting the duty chargeable thereon,
conttary to the provisions of this act. shall, for every such
offense, forfeit the sum ot $200, and such instrument, doc-
ument, or paper, hill, d'alt, oider, or note shall be deemed
invalid and of no effect.
I offer another amendment in the same clause
in a subsequent line, by striking out u two hun-
dred" and inserting " fifty."
Mr. THAYER, i object. Only one amend-
ment can be offered at one tune.
The CHAIRMAN. One amendment only is
in order.
Mr.TIIAYER. This seems to metobeavery
extiaordtnary pioposition. The effect of it is to
impose for a mere inad vertent or casual omission
to affix a stamp the heavy penalty of $200 As
the law stands now you must, m order to impose
that penalty, show that the party designedly omit-
ted the stamp for the purpose of defrauding the
revenue. It has never been heard in any stamp
act that a penalty like this, or that any penalty,
has been imposed for a more neglect or uninten-
tional omission of a stamp. The Committee of
Ways and Means, I beg leave to say, are taking
a wrong direction in regard to this provision of
the law. Instead of liberalizing it, they are mak-
ing it more and more stringent; while the British
Government, which has had more experience
upon this subject than any other Government
upon the face of the earth, has from year to year
been enacting statutes for the purpose of liheial-
lzing and modifying the stamp act, the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means are taking an oppo-
site dnection and are attempting to make the law
more stringent and more opptesMve. I hope the
Committee of the Whole will notadopt the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Vermont.
Mr. MORRILL. As I said nothing in refer-
ence to tins amendment when I offered it, I will
now briefly state the purpose of it. In the first
place it is proposed to reduce the penalty ftom
two hundred to fifty dollars for a mere casual neg-
lect; and then I propose to insert after the words
"invalid and of no effect" the words "and in
case of such omission or neglect with intent to
evade the provisions of this act, the peison so
guilty shall fuifcit$200." So gentlemen will see
that the object was merely togiaduale the penalty
according to the offense. I us supposed that some
penalty should be imposed in cases of mere acci-
dent, otherwise we could not enfoice the law.
Mr. THAYER. I was about to propose an
amendment which should incorporate into this
law, in express terms, the provisions of the Brit-
ish statute upon this subject. The leading pro-
visions of that statute, which has now been in
force for fifteen years in Gieat ljtitain,dnd which
has been found perfectly satisfactory both to the
people and to the Government in protecting the
people against the designs of dishonest persons,
and the revenue against fraud upon the stamp act,
ate these: m the first place there is a piovi.ston
enabling any party in interest at any time to affix
a stamp upon an instrument upon going to the
propcrreveuue ofiicerand psyuu; a certain penalty
which now, by the British act, is <£10; and there
is a further provision that in case of mere inad-
vertence or unintentional omission, the stamp
shall be affixed to the instrument by the revenue
officer upon payment of the proper stamp duty,
without the penalty, provided the application be
made within twelve months after the instrument
was issued or made.
Mr. MORRILL. If the gentleman will allow
me, 1 will say that those who have hod most ex-
perience in the Internal Revenue Office since we
have established stamp duties here are clearly
of the opinion that we can collect no revenue
unless we have penalties as heretofore, and that
the English system will not answer here in the
early histoiy of stamp duties.
Mr. THAYER. Why not?
Mi. MORRILL. For the reason that the
stamp dutios cannot be enforced.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the amendment.
The question was taken on Mr. Morrill's
amendment, and it was disagreed lo.
Mr. THAYER, i move to strike out all after
the words *' provided further" in line eight hun-
dred and five, down to the end of line eight hun-
dred and twenty-eight, as follows:
That no deed, instiument, document, writing, or pa-
per, required by huv to be stamped, winch was made,
signed, or issued prior to the 1st day of August, Ib04, with-
out being duly stamped, or with a deficient stamp, nor any
Copy theiei'l, shall be recorded or admitted oi used aa evi-
dence in any court until a legal stamp or ?tamps, denoting
the. amount of duty, shall have been affixed thereto, and
the date when the same is so used ot afhxi d, with his ini-
tials, shall have been placed theteou by the person using
the same; and the person desmng to u?e or record any
such deed, instrument, document, writing, oi paper, as
evidence, his ugent or attorney is authorized, in tho
presence of the court, register, or recorder, reflectively,
to affix the stamp oi stamps thereon required: Jind pro-
utdrd jut ther, That no instiument, document, or papci,
made, signed, or Hsued puoi to said l>t day of August,
IStH, without being duly stamped, or having thereon an
adhesive (stamp or stamps to denote the duty imposed
theieon, shall, for that cau&e, if the stamp or stamps re-
quired shall be t>ub>.equeiitly afftxed, be deemed invalid
and of no effect; and the holder thereof, or any person de-
string to u>e the same, hi? a^eot or auorm-y, is auihonzed
to affix thereon the stamp or stamps lequired.
And inset tin lieu thereof the following:
That hereafter in all cases where the party lm not
affix* d to any instrument requited by the one hundred and
fiity lir&t section ot the act ot June 30, IblM, or schedule
matked '• IJ" theieunto annexed, tho t-inmp thereby ie-
quned to be thereunto affixed at the tune of making or
lo-tnng said instrument, and ho, or they, or any party hav-
ing an interest therein shall be subsequently desirous of
affixing such stamp to said itist'iiment, he or they shall
appear beloie the collector oi tho revenue of thepioper
district, who shall, upon the payment of the price of tho
proper stamp inquired hy law stnd a penally ot titty dollars,
and, when the whole amount o( the duty denoted by the
stamp requited nhall exceed the sum ol filty dollars, on
payment .iNo oi interest at the late of six. pei cent, on
said duty fiom the day on winch such <?tampought to havo
been affixed, afhx the proper stamp to such ui-tiument,
and note upon the niatgin ot said ntstimnent the date of
his so doing and the (act that siu h penalty has been paid ;
andsiteh in^tinment «hall thereupon be oecmed and held
to be as valid to all intents and puipox^as i! stamped when
made ot issued :  1nd jnovidc<t/to thcr, Thai win te it shall
appeal to said eolleetoi, upon oath 01 otherwise to his
sativiuction, that any such ius.trumeijth.vi not been duly
stamped at the time of making or issuing the same by rea-
son ot accident, rnn-taUe, inadvertence, or uigent necessity,
and without any willlui design to defraud I be United States
of tlte stamp dutv or to evade oi delay the payment there-
of, then and in such case, if such instrument shall, within
twelve calendar mouths after the making or issuing there-
of, be brought to the said collector of revenue to be stamped
and the st.unp duty chargeable theieon shall be paid, it
shall be, lawful lor the said collector to remit the penalty
aforesaid and to cause such instrument to be duly stamped.
Mr. Chairman, if I can succeed in making my
amendment understood, I believe that it will be
adopted by the committee. The provisions of tho
amendment have been copied almost verbatim
from the English statute of August 14, the
13th and 14th Victoria, if I were to cause that
statute to be read it would take up pretty neaily
all of the five minutes which I have to explain
my amendment, and therefore I cannot do it, but
I have the statute here, and I hope that any mem-
ber of the committee who desires further infor-
mation m regard to it will look at it.
There are two points in this amendment. As
I said before, these piovisions have now been in
force m England for nearly fifteen years, and they
have given univctsal satisfaction. There hart been
very peat com plaint of the operation of our stamp
law. It is a common thing fortheac stamps to be
omitted by ignoiant persons, and for an undue
and unfair advantage to be taken of that fact by
dishonor persons. Now, the British statute rem-
