1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
841
will have to pay the tax; upon them will come
the duty of twelve cents per pound which is pro-
posed to be levied at this time.
I do not think that the House is ready to adopt
that new policy, or that the condition of the coun-
try calls for it. The present financial policy in
the country, especially in the large cities, is to
make the rich richer and the poor poorer; and the
tendency of things is to roll up wealth in masses
in the hands of the few ana to make the poor
poorer than they have been. The policy of the
country is to make the few rich and to roll up
money more and more into the hands of those
who have securities payable in gold. We started
wrong in the beginning when we authorized pay-
ment in coin, and instead of going further we
ought to retrace our steps.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, if I did not
believe that it was absolutely necessary to make
this payable in coin I would not advocate it. I
do not believe it is going to be a hardship any
greater than the tax we have imposed already.
At the presentmoment it is well known that cot-
ton is being obtained at the South with greater
facility than heretofore, and the effect has been a
great reduction in price. The raw material and
manufactured articles have gone down so rapidly
that the cotton manufacturers who expected to
make large fortunes did not make them. And if
there is anything in the country which is an
equivalent for coin it is cotton. If we have a
surplus we can send it abroad and obtain coin
for it at any moment. "While we are issuing our
bonds which may be converted into specie-pay-
ing bonds it is absolutely indispensable that we
should fortify ourselves against the day when
they are so payable. I do not want the Govern-
ment to go into the market and be compelled to buy
coin, t am for looking out in season to procure
the coin. If peace shall come within a reasonable
time this provision for the payment of the duty
on cotton in coin will not be a hardship, because
after peace we will resume specie payment.
Mr. BROOKS, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to strike out the last
word.
Mr. Chairman, I thought this country had come
to the conclusion that the system of making our
interest and duties payable in coin had almost
been the ruin of the nation, and would be if per-
severed in. The Secretary of the Treasury, in
his last annual report, says that it cannot longer
continue. That we should not aggravate the evil
by proclaiming, over and over again upon our
statute-books, that our currency is constantly de-
preciating below coin, is to me amazing. The
dealers ill cotton have a hard enough time. Almost
all the mills have stopped. I know that the three
in my town have stopped. When you put this
on, you aggravate the evil. If you compel the
dealers to buy, the evil is as great as to compel the
Government to buy, so far as raising the price is
concerned. It makes no difference whether the
merchant is bound to buy his hundred million a
year to pay that duty, or whether the Govern-
ment is obliged to buy it, so far as enhancing the
value of gold is concerned. I thought that the
whole country had come to understand that this
policy should be no longer tolerated, and I am
astonished now to find thatit is persevered in with
such chronic pertinacity.
Mr. KASSON. I would be glad to hear from
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, how he pro-
poses to pay the gold interest upon the public
debt wkhout providing, either by a tariff or by
an excise duty payable in gold, for the means of
doing it. If the gentleman does not choose to
answer, I must say it is the duty of this Con-
gress either to repudiate the contracts of the
United States, or else to provide the means in
advance for meeting those contracts. For my-
self I am for always meeting them, at any cost,
and at every hazard. Now, it is known that the
gold derived from the payment of duties is being
diminished from year to year and fiom month to
month, and the question we have to meet is, how
shaH we guaranty beyond doubt the means to
the Treasury to pay the gold interest upon the
public debt when it matures? If it is probable
that years hence the tariff duties may not be suf-
ficient, there remain but two sources to do it: one
by obtaining gold from the internal revenue, and
the other by going into the market and purchas-
inggold for the Government of the United States.
Which will we do? The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania argues that you are likely to enhance
the price of gold by the imposition of a small
duty upon the raw article of cotton. Are you
not much more likely to enhance it by going into
the market as a bidder to buy an unknown amount
of gold for the express and inevitable purpose of
paying the interest on the public debt in gold?
It seems to me you increase the liability of that
infliction by going into the market more than you
will by requiring the parties to get the small
amount of gold they need from day to day and
month to month to pay theexcise duty on cotton.
Again, look at the thing in a practical light.-
If you admit that you must get some gold from
another source to pay the interestupon the public
debt, observe the mode in which you get it in this
case. Here are a hundred bales of cotton; five
bales of that cotton—one twentieth of it—sent to
a foreign market realizes the gold necessary to pay
the excise duty upon the remaining ninety-five
bales, because five percent.—if you choose to put
it at that, as I trust you. will—one twentieth, is
the excise duty you will be required to pay. 1
think, therefore, that the question resolves itself
into the simple one whether you will take the ar-
ticle that is nearest to gold in itself, which, when
sent abroad, becomes exchange like gold itself,
and has a permanent value, permanent as any-
thing can be,exceptgold itself,and realizeamod-
erate excise duty in gold; or whether you will
subject the United States hereafter to the neces-
sity of going as a competitor into the gold mar-
ket, either on the curb-stone or in the inner sanc-
tum, to buy the balance of gold not realized from
its tariff duties for the payment of this interest
upon the public debt.
If it is conceded that this tariff realizes a suffi-
cient amount, I would agree with the gentleman
from Pennsylvania; but if he takes the other alter-
native, and admits that it is not likely to realize
that amount, and then should propose the remedy
of repudiating the contract of the United States to
pay its interest in gold, I differ with him and from
thegentleman from New York, totocalo. I stand
by the contracts of the United States, however
unfortunate and menacing they may be to the
Treasury of the United States. They must be
complied with, cost what it will, either to the
feelings of the Congress of the United States or
to the pockets of the people of the United States.
Then let gentlemen say one of two things: either
that we have the means provided for paying in
gold the interest on the public debt of the United
States according to contract, orletthem say that
the existing means are sufficient to procure the
gold with which to pay that interest. In either
case I go with them to strike out this section.
Unless, however, they say that, I insist that there
is no mode in which to obtain the requisite gold
revenue to meet balances required for the fiscal
year 1866, and there is no means so adequate and
convenient as levying this moderate excise duty
of gold upon cotton.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, I do not
know exactly what the speech of the gentleman
from Iowa was based upon.
The CHAIRMAN. He was opposing the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. STEVENS. I withdraw my amendment;
and now I move to amend by striking out the
first word. Thcffintlcman from Iowa need hardly
have said that he would not desire to repudiate
our contracts, or that anybody ever thought of
it. I know of nobody in this country who has
ever intimated that the contracts for the payment
of interest in gold,as far as they have been made,
shall not be faithfully performed; and those who
argue otherwise, if they intend it as an insinua-
tion, make an argument unworthy of themselves
and unworthy of the cause that we are now dis-
cussing. Sir, if we have made a bad bargain we
must stand by it; and everybody proposes to
stand by it.
If the gentleman had examined the matter and
spoken with that knowledge of the subject which
he ought to have had he would have found that
there was no necessity for this tax. The whole
gold interest on the bonds of the United States
issued up to the 1st of February (and all the bonds
are issued that can be except a few millions) is
but $63,000,000, all told, Our gold receipts jlast
year, from customs, were $ 102,000,000; and after
paying all our gold demands we sold gold at a
premium, and realized over eighteen million dol-
lars premium on gold. Now, sir, supposing our
imports to fall off somewhat, no man can believe
that our import duties next year will fall below
seventy or eighty millions. The lowest calcula-
tion made by any of our financiers is $75,000,000.
I -believe the present Secretary of the Treasury
thinks the receipts may possibly go down to
$70,000,000. You will then have from seven to
eight millions in gold more than will pay all the
present liabilities, all the present contracts paya-
ble in gold. What I proposeis,tostopshortand
issue'hereafter no bonds the interest of which
shall not be payable in the lawful money of the
country. Stop this pernicious system, stop the
advance of that commodity, and try to save the
country from having to pay three or four times
the value of the article.
Now, there is not the least necessity, unless
you want to aggravate this evil, for imposing a
tax on cotton payable in gold. The Government
need not buy gold. ^ it is true that the merchants
will buy gold, and in that way the price will bo
raised just as much as if the Government bought
it. But if we stop where we are there will be
no necessity for buying a dollar in gold. We
shall have more than we want. There ia no doubt
that our import duties next year will be eighty
millions, and they will go on increasing till they
range probably from eighty to a hundred millions.
As 1 said before, there is no earthly need of our
raising a dollar in gold beyond what these import
duties will produce, unless we are determined to
pursue still further the practice of issuing gold-
bearing bonds, which 1 trust no man is mad
enough to favor. Sir, we are perplexing the man-
ufacturers; and instead of having a gold market
in New York only, we are to have one opened
in every village and hamlet, on every waterfall
where there is a spindle run by water-power.
This difficulty is to be spread all over the country
like a leprosy, and that, too, for the purpose of
reasserting the principle which was wrong at the
start, and which is more wrong the further we
go. I do not wish to occupy any more time in
arguing this point at full length. I hope that the
committee willdetermine to reject the proposition.
Mr. KASSON. Mr. Chauman, it will be rec-
ollected by the committee that the argument used
especially by my colleague on the Committee of
Ways and Means [Mr. Stevens) has always
been, li protect your home manufactures; raise
your duties on foreign ai tides; and the domestic
manufacture will then be able to control the Amer-
ican market." And now, when we are reaping
the consequences of that system, namely, almost
a cessation of foreign importations into this coun-
try, the gentleman argues to the committee that
we are going to continue in the receipt of this
large amount of duties upon foreign importations,
precisely as if his former policy had not been as
successful as he proposed that it should be. I
maintain that that policy, to a certain extent, has
been eminently successful m cutting off foreign
importations to a degree which the committee
may not, perhaps, readily appreciate.
The returns made since the close of the last fiscal
yearshow an enormous diminution in the amount
of foreign importations into the country, and con-
sequently a great diminution in the tariff duties
in gold derived fiom them. I hold thegentleman
to his former logic, and I call the attention of the
committee to the recorded fact that we are intro-
ducing a far less amount of foreign manufactures
into the country than we were during the prior
fiscal year. Is it the duty of statesmen to shut
their eyes to that fact and say that because we
received $102,000,000 in the fiscal year 1864-65 we
are going to receive about the same amounttn the
fiscal year 1865-66? In my judgment, it is far
otherwise. Our people have learned to depend
upon home manufactures; it is cheaper for them
to buy home productions. We have recently
read in the money articles of the New York pa-
pers that the importers of these foreign manufac-
tures were in great haste and eagerness to sell out
even below cost for the purpose of realizing, dis-
covering the very tendency of the market to which
I call the attention of the committee to-day. And
it is because this is the inevitable result of the
policy advocated by thegentleman from Pennsyl-
vania much more earnestly than ever I have ad-
vocated it, carrying it, in some instances, to an
