1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
T5
passing a resolution asking for such information,
is stranger than the arrest and the imprisonment
themselves. Sir,ifanytwoncgroesinAmericawere
arrested under the same circumstances and in the
same manher, and were held in secret confinement
as these two eminent men and patriots have been
and still are, this Senate, a majority of its mem-
bers, at least, would be glowing with the most
virtuous indignation at the enormity of such acts,
and would denounce, as they ought to denounce,
any attempt to suppress all information in relation
to the fact of arrest, the cause of arrest, and the
place where the persons arrested were still held in
imprisonment.
Sir, I trust that the resolution will pass. In our
party zeal,in our efforts to sustain or to oppose this
Administration, are we to lose all sense of human
right, and of the liberty of the citizen? Are we
to become demented by passion, or prejudice, or
fury? Sir, a case could not be presented on the
part of any individual, however humble, whether
black or white, imprisoned under such circum-
stances, asking information in the terms of this
resolution, thai I would not feel it my especial
and sacred duty to vote for. In asking for the
passage of this resolution, we are not asserting
the liberty of these two citizens alone, nor that
of the white man alone, but we are attempting to
uphold and to assert the universal liberty of the
people of the United States. It would be mon-
strous, one of the strangest and most iniquitous
exhibitions that the world has ever presented,if
men arrested as these have been are still to be held
in imprisonment, and no information, no light
whatever, be thrown upon their arrest, its cause,
or the place of their imprisonment. 1 hope that
the resolution will pass.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I beg leave to
say that for one I do not believe the universal lib-
erty of the citizens of the United States depends
at all upon a resolution of the Senate, and there-
fore I do not believe with the Senator from Iowa
[Mr. Grimes] that it is any part of Our duty as
a Senate to vindicate the liberty of the citizensof
the United States. I understand that the liber-
ties of the citizens of the United States are al-
ready provided for and guarantied by the Con-
stitution of the United States and the laws which
have been passed in accordance with that Consti-
tution, and I believe that those hbertins arc en-
tirely secure under those guarantees, and there-
fore I do not think that the passage or the defeat
of this resolution will add anything to or abstract
anything from the measure of the libeity we en-
joy. Nevertheless i entirely concur in theadvice
that is given by the Senator from Iowa, and by
the Senator from Massachusetts, that this resolu-
tion had better be passed since we are invited to
pass it—ifot because any citizen of Kentucky will
be safer after it is passed, or any citizen of any
other State, but because it is said that certain
citizens of the United States have been arrested
and certain friends of theirs would like to know,
they tell us, why they have been arrested, and if
the resolution be amended as suggested by the
Senator from Massachusetts, and the President
of the United States, supposing he has any in-
formation upon the point, is notified that ho. is to
consult the public interests before giving that in-
formation, I am entirely willing that he should
be called upon to inform the friends of these gen-
tlemen what is the occasion of their arrest.
It is said that that arrest is contrary to law.
If it be so, what resolution of the Senate will
make the arrest any more illegal? I do under-
stand that the President of the United States, and
every officer commanding in any department of
the service, civil or military or naval, is bound
by the laws of the United States; that he is a
mere agent of the people acting within the sphere
prescribed to him by existing law, and when he
steps outside of those limits he is without any
protection in whatever he does, just tfs much as
if any one of ourselves, or any private citizen,
did an act which transcended the laws of the land.
But it is not for us to vindicate or enfoice those
laws. It is for us, in conjunction with other
tribunals, to enact them. When they are once
enacted, it is for very different and distinct tri-
bunals to enforce and to apply them; and if we
undertake to do these things, if we undertake to
vindicate instead of declare, to protect by specific
action the liberties of the citizen instead of de-
claring what shall be the liberties and the rights i
of the citizcn, we are usurpers as plainly and
as clearly as it is said that those who have made
these arrests are usurpers. If, therefore, it were
conceded that these arrests were illegal, I really
think it would not become the Senate of the United
States to call upon the parties making the arrests
to state why they had done it, or state the fact of
their having done it, for thus we should make
them criminate themselves if we had the power
to enforce obedience to our resolution, and I do
not understand that our laws require any man to
criminate himself, either upon a resolution of the
Senate or upon an order of a court.
But, because I do not believe this resolution if
passed will call for any confession of guilt what-
ever, and because I am entirely willing that the
friends of these gentlemen should be told the
causc of their arrest, I think, as has been said by
other Senators, we had better let the resolution
pass. I believe myself it would have been vastly
better if the country had been told specifically in
the case of every arrest what the cause of it was.
I do no.t assert that positively, because I do not
know that it would not have resulted in laying
before the country the story of so much conspir-
acy, the story of so much plotting, the story of
so much of the most cowardly kind of treason
that the world has ever witnessed, as would have
done more to appall the country than all the open
and declared treason, all the avowed and armed
treason which we have been called upon to wit-
ness. There would have been just that mischief.
That it would have laid before the country avast
amount of rottenness I do not doubt, from the
little I know myself; but .whether it was better
to expose the whole or to keep part of it back, I
shall not undertake to say; but believing in the
sobriety, the wisdom, the integrity,and the purity
of the American people as 1 do, and as all men
ought to do after witnessing their action during
the last summer, I am inclined to think that it
would have been better to tell the whole story and
let them see the truth for themselves. I think
they would have known how to meet it and deal
with it. We have not done this heretofore. My
own private opinion is that we had better begin
to do it now. So I think it is better to pass this
resolution.
Mr. HENDERSON. I use merely to express
the wish that this resolution maybe passed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will suggest that the resolution has not yet been
taken up.
Mr. HENDERSON. Well, that it may be
taken up and passed, I desire simply to make a
remark. Either these two gentlemen have been
properly or improperly arrested, as was very ap-
propriately stated by the Senator from Iowa. If
they have been arrested for cause, I apprehend
that the President will be perfectly able to send
the reasons to the Senate; and m doing that he will
be able to satisfy the members of this body who
are now dissatisfied, and in all probability a large
number who are dissatisfied in the country in con-
scquonce of arrests for which no reasons aregiven.
Then, Mr-President, there can be no harm pro-
vided the arrests have been made for cause; but
suppose, on the other hand, that these arrests have
been made without any cause. I apprehend that
the Senate has some right to speak; and if it should
so turn out, as I have no idea it will turn out, be-
cause 1 do not believe these arrests have been made
without sufficient cause, lotus remember that the
veiy same rule may be applied to any one of us to-
morrow. If these gentlemen have been arrested
without cause may not! be arrested, may not any
member of this body be arrested and thrown into
prison and there kept during the residue of this
war? Why not*
I say the Senate has a perfect right to speak;
and why should we not do so? How can it in-
jure the Union cause to pass a resolution of this
character? I apprehend that it will give pleasure
to the Picsident to assure the Senate that he has
made these arrests for some cause and for some
sufficient reason, if they have been made in con-
sequence of orders from him. I live in a country
where arrests are very frequently made,and wheie
they are properly made, and where, unless they
were made, every Union man m the State, m all
probability, would be in danger of losing Ins life.
I am not, therefore, so easily touched about ar-
rests; 1 know the necessity for them; but I be-
lieve that in my own State thousands and thou-
sands of arrests have been made during this war
that have done the Union cause an injury, and
have done no good whatever. I am satisfied .of
it. Men are taken and throwo into prison,- kejpt
there perhaps for two or three weeks, and their
friends and relatives create a very great disturb-
ance in their respective neighborhoods, allege the
fact that they have been Union men all the time,-
and that without cause or reason they have been
thrown into the military bastiles of the country.
It creates very great sympathy for the party who
is imprisoned, and it does the Union cause, in the
long run, no good whatever. They are generally
kept for a shoi?t time and turned loose again, and
then they are lionized in the community to a very
great extent.
In my impression, the best way to treat the res-
olution, now that it is before us, is to pass it, and
let us ascertain the cause of these arrests. As I
have stated, it can do nobody any harm, and it
may do a great deal of good.
Mr. President, if there is one thing throughout
this broad land to-day that is interfering in a
moral point of view with the prosecution of the
present war, it is a belief on the part of a great
many people that unlawful, illegal, and improper
arrests are being indulged in to too great an ex-
tent. I do not say that such is the case, but we
know that there is a great feeling pervading the
country on that subject and in that direction.
Now, 1 think that it is high time, it is the proper
time, for us to look into it. It certainly cannot
offend the President to ask him to give his reasons
for the arrests. These are not men taken inarms*,
they are men who have performed distinguished
service in defense of the country; they are citizens
living at home, and one of them is an elector who
has been chosen by his State to cast her electoral
vote, and 1 presume in all probability he has not
been able to cast the electoral vote of the State.
Mr. POWELL. That is so.
Mr. HENDERSON. I did not vote for Gen-
eral McClellan, and were it to be done over again
1 should vote as 1 did before, for Mr. Lincoln;
but, sir, Kentucky had a right to vote for George
B. McClellan if she desired to do so. Now, al-
though every member of this body knows that it
is not the desire of the Administration to arrest
any man to prevent his casting his vote for its
opponents, such charges may be made. I am
satisfied that no such feeling actuates the Pres-
ident, and I further feel almost convinced that the
President has not ordered these arrests, but they
have been made by the military authorities with-
out his knowledge and without his consent. Now,
sir, would it not be better, under the circum-
stances, to let the resolution pass, and let us un-
derstand why these men have been arrested?
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President, it was not my
purpose to take up the time of the Senate, and I
shall now say but a woid or two. I desire to
return my thanks to the honorable Senator from
Iowa for the speech that he hasmade. The speech
of that Senator, in my judgment, was certainly
well-timed, and he spoke as a Senator of the Uni-
ted States should speak when the constitutional
and civil liberties of the people are involved. I
would, sir, that the feelings which animate that
Senator animated this whole body; and on the
part of my State, and of these two distinguished
and gallant soldiers who now languish in prison,
I thank him for his speech.
I was amazed at the position taken by the Sen-
ator from Michigan and the Senator from Wis-
consin, when they indicated that this is a kind of
judicial proceeding which we are instituting here.
1 have always supposed, sir, that it was within
the province of the Senate of the United States to
inquire into the actings and doings of the officers
of this Government when they are chargcd with
casting down the liberty of the citizen. I thought
that it was one of our prerogatives, and, indeed, a
duty imperious upon every Senator and every
Representative of the people, to inquire into such
transactions. I do not suppose these gentlemen
were arrested by order of the President of the
United States; but whether or not I am right in
that supposition I do not certainlyknow. They
were undoubtedly arrested by the military au-
thorities in Kentucky. I hope, and I believe, that
the President of the United States gave no spe-
cial order for their arrest; but about that I may
be mistaken. Those who made the arrest were
officers of the Government of the United States;
