842
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1G,
extreme which for myself I cannot and dare not
sustain in the interest of the people of this coun-
try, and because Congress has adopted that pol-
icy, that it becomes necessary for us to guard the
United States against the danger to which they
ere being exposed of being left without sufficient
means in gold to meet the liabilities that they
.have assumed.
There is no difference between the gentleman
from Pennsylvania and myself, it seems, os to
the absolute necessity of complying with our con-
tracts. To come back, therefore, to the ques-
tion, " Will you get enough from your tariff du-
ties in gold to meet this interest during the com-
ing fiscal year and the months that immediately
follow it?" In my judgment, we may do it; but
it is a doubtful affair, a contingency to which we
ought not to leave the Treasury of the United
States, and I maintain, as I did' before, that in
consequence of this position it is our duty to pro-
vide always that the Treasury of the United States
shall be strong in gold. 1 appeal to the metallic
money men m this House to see to it that the
Treasury of the United States always has gold
and silver enough to meet the liabilities of the
United States. Better have $40,000,000 too much
than $5,000,000 too little. If we cannot have our
paper redeemed by gold, letus have our contracts
always characterized by abundant ability to meet
them in gold and silver, lawful currency, at all
times and in all epochs in the United States.
[Heie the hammer fell.]
Air. STEVENS. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. BROOKS. I move to insert after the word
"com !> the woi ds " or lawful money."
So far as I understand the policy and pledge of
this country to the holders of the public debt it
is this, that the duties upon customs shall be con-
secrated to tins purpose and only to this purpose,
and those who have subscribed and taken the pub-
lic debt have subscribed with that understanding
and that faith, that the revenue derived from cus-
toms shall be consecrated to the payment of the
interest upon the public debt.
Here for the fiist time upon an excise bill is in-
troduced a pi oposition of this sort, and if we open
the door to it who can tell where we are to stop?
To-day the proposition is to lay an excise in specie
upon cotton to pay the interest on the public debt;
to-morrow it will be an excise in specie upon pe-
troleum to pay the interest on the public debt;
and the day after to lay such an impost on the
hogs, giain, and cattle of the West and the hay
of iNew England to pay the interest on the public
debt. The public faith is pledged for no such
put pose.
But the honorable gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Kasson] tells us that the tariff is not likely to yield
a sufficient revenue for that purpose. I tell the
honorable gentleman from Iowa that the place to
make the change is not in an excise bill, but should
be made m a lariffbill. So arrange the tariff that
it will encourage importations sufficient to pio-
vido for the interest upon the public debt; intro-
duce a new tonff bill here, and do not begin this
system of excise. There are many articles named
jn the umff bill, a hundred of them, if I could
take time to enumerate them, that are absolutely
prohibited. It is such a tatiff as ought not to
exist. It is prohibitory in many articles of liquor;
prohibitory in the simple article of spool-cotton,
and m innumerable other articles. Now, the prop-
er lemedy l'orall that is to reduce this prohibition
so that wo can provide certain revenue for in-
terest.
Mr. KASSON. The advantage of this excise
duty in the present condition of public affairs is
that our cotton, so far as we produce it now, must
be used abroad. So far as the excise duty is
raistd upon cotton which is ultimately exported
abroad, so far revenue is xaised fiom citizens of
foreign countries,
Mr. BROOKS. This excise is to be upon cot-
ton at home.
Mr. >S I E VENS. It is news to me that we are
ex pot ting cotton except what is run out from rebel
pints. I know that lately we have imported
Suraf cotton into this country.
xMr. KASSON. Certainly, beeause that does
n  t coni|.( t<« w i f h our cotton, but is mixed with it.
Air. BROOK'S. Then m order to obtain asmall
tax from l-ueigners, say on five bales, we are
going to tax ninety-five bales fm Ikwic consump-
tion. Iu other woul.-j, because cotton has fallen
just now inconsequence of the fall of Savannah,
we must impose a duty upon it so as to raise as
price to what it was before we took Savannah.
Now, that is just the plain English of this thing,
and nothing more. I withdraw my amendment
to the amendment.
The amendment of Mr. Morrill waa then
rejected.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the words " payable in coin."
Mr. MORRILL. 1 trust the committee will
not adopt that amendment. I feel myself that it
is vitally important that we should reenforce the
Treasury at this time in coin. When we are ne-
gotiating our securities at the rate of $8,000,0j)0
per day, that may be converted two and a half
years hence into securities payable in com, it
would show wisdom on our part I think to pro-
vide for securing this amount of coin in season.
And now, in relation to the remarks of the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] that there
are a hundred articles upon which there is a pro-
hibitory tariff; why, sir, unless we can keep the
industry of this country employed at this time we
cannot pay the interest of our indebtedness, either
in coin or currency. It is absolutely indispen-
sable that we should keep the people of this coun-
try at the present time fully employed. Although
I have not advocated any such policy, still I am
firmly convinced that it would be for the interest
of the people of this country if we had a wjioliy
prohibitory tariff until the end of this w«'\
I trust the amendment of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] will not be adopted.
If it should be adopted, then we certainly ought
to increase the duty upon cotton to at least double
the amount now proposed.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman 
The CHAIRMAN. The debate upon this
amendment is closed.
Mr. S TEVENS. Then I withdraw the amend-
ment, and move to strike out the words " in com."
I agree with the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Morrill] m one thing, that unless you can en-
couiage the industrial interests of the country,
and keep our manufactories going, the country
must go down. And yet the gentleman js at-
tempting by all the means in his power to crush
the manufacturers of cotton by putting a tax of
from twelve to fourteen cents per pound more
than there is now upon that article. As 1 said
before, I do not know how it is in Massachusetts,
but 1 do know how it is m our State, that some very
large manufactories in my town have gone out of
operation within one month, because of the high
price of cotton.
Now, when there is some little chance of pro-
curing this article, when we have already received
some from the South, (it is idle to say that we
are exporting it to any extent,) and when our
people desire to revive the business, the gentle-
man would have us put our foot down and destroy
the industry of the country. I cannot help think-
ing that the proposition advocated by my friend
from Vermont is most inopportune, 1 will notsay
absurd, because that term will never apply to
anything that my friend does, it looks to me mon-
strous.
1 withdraw my last amendment, and renew the
amendment to strike out the words " payable in
coin."
The amendment was adoptecL
Mr. MORRILL. I offer the following amend-
ment:
In line six strike out "sir," and insert "twelve."
In line eight strike out u live" ami insert " ten."
Mr. KASSON. Would it not suit the gentle-
man's purpose equally well to strike out in lines
six, seven, and eight the words " six cents per
pound until the 1st day of July, 1866, a i ! • -i
and after that date a duty of," and then&.nh j
out in the eighth line the word " five" and insert
in lieu thereof the word " ten r" I do not see any
necessity for the distinction of date.
Mr. MORRILL. I am not very particular in
reference to the matter. These duties, in my
opinion, should ho increased; but I think that the
soul of the amendment has already departed.
Mr. S FEVENS. Well, let the body go with it.
Mr. MORRILL. I modify my amendment as
suggested by the gentleman fiom Iowa [Mr. Kas-
son*.] I ask for tellers on the amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Kassox and
Brooks were appointed.
Thecommittee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 49, noes 56.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MILLER, of New York. I move to
amend, as follows :
Strike out all after the word "of" in the sixth lino, to
the word " winch" m the eighth hue, anil in-m k'ei bt
cents per pound," so tliut the clause will read, a duly of
eight cents per pound."
I make this motion because I think it must be
evident that the Committee of Ways and Means,
when they embodied in this bill a provision that
this duty should be payable in com, intended
that the article of cotton should bear a heavier
tax than five cents per pound. They anticipau d,
1 presume, that five cents payable in coin would
be equal to ten or twelve cents in currency. Now,
sir, I am convinced that if we raise all thai the
committee anticipate by this bill we shall not
raise as much as the wants of the country demam?
at this time. 1 have noticed that, as we have
been progressing through this bill, we have not
increased a single item of taxation proposed by
thecommittee, while we have reduced many, i
have been informed by members of the committee
that they anticipate from all our revenue bills,
this tax bill and the tariff bill, a revenue of about
two hundred and eighty or tin ee hundred miihon
dollars, while our annual expenditures amount
to about eight hundred millions.
Now, sir, I am in favor of this increase of tax-
ation, notwithstanding it reaches the great mass
of the people, because I believe it is ihe inteiest
of the whole country that we should have our
taxes come nearer than they do to our expendi-
tures. We shall have to raise $50,000,000 by
loan, or if we do not succeed in that we have
given to the Secretary of the Treasury the power
to eke it out by issuing interest-beai ing notes, or
certificates of indebtedness, which will, of course,
inflate the currency, and the pi ice of every aiticle
that the Government is compelled to buv, and
every article that the citizen has to buy. We are
multiplying the burdens upon the Government
and the burdens upon the people just because we
refuse to increase the taxes. Is it wise for the
Government to go on m a policy which doubles
and triples the cost of every article whioh the
Government requires every day to carry on this
war? Is that good policy ? While you are doing
that you are doubling arid tripling the puce of
everything that goes into the consumption of
every family in the country. I insist that wo
should tax more, and it would be for the interest
of everybody. I believe that this is the only
great Government that ever undertook in any
great struggle to carry on war in this way, with
revenues only one third or one fourth of the ex-
penditure. 1 know that England, in her great
continental war, raised every year by taxation
three fourths of her expenditures.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KERN AN. Mr. Chairman, I have heard
it said several times that the people are demaml-
ingtaxation. I am in favor of raising tevonue
sufficient, if we can, for the wants of the Govern-
ment; but I do not know that it is true that the
people anywhere are demanding more taxation.
Wesee every classof people everywhere evading
the present onerous taxation.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 suggest to the gentleman
from New York that he is not awn re that he j's
going in direct contradiction to the distinguished
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Alley:]
and I therefore caution him.
Mr. KERNAN. I leave my friend to answer
thegentleman from Massachusetts. In mv own
district, taking the taxes for bounties and for the
support of widows and families of soldiers, .some
of the farmers are paying twenty per cent, upon
the assessed valuation of their farms. It ranges
from seven per cent, to twenty per cent, upon die
assessed valuation of their faims They are pay-
ing taxes upon everything that they buy. While
it is our duty to go on as legislators to try and
raise revenue by adjusting theiax^s n.s well ax we
can, yet it is true that we arc taxing the people
heavily by our State and national taxation. I
have found none of those people who arc ciying
out for more taxation by this House. We do not
attempt to tax any interest but wo have people
coming up here and showing that it will burden
them so much. 1 think that six cents per pound
! is as heavy a tax as this article can bear.
