76
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
thePresident isCommander-in-Chief of the armies
and is their superior. We certainly have the right,
in defense of the liberty of the citizen, to inquire
of him why men have been wrongfully and un-
lawfully deprived of their liberty by his subordi-
nates. We owe at least that much to the liberty
of the citizen; we owe it to ourselves as a legisla-
tive body, because when the President shall state
the facts, if it shall appear from that statement that
these officers of the Government have transcended
their authority, and have, without constitutional
or legal warrant, trampled upon the civil liberty
of the citizen, it may then be our duty by legisla-
tion to apply the corrective and to*pass laws pun-
ishing those who thus trample on the dearest
rights of freemen.
The Senator from Wisconsin says he is notso
much in favor of "universal liberty,""perhaps,
as my colleague. I had supposed that thatgcntle-
man was very much in favor of universal liberty.
Mr. HOYVE. The Senator misunderstood me
if he understood me to make any such remark.
Mr. POWELL, t stand corrected.
Mr. HOWE, Universal liberty is a pet of
mine.
Mr. POWELL. I was about, however, to re-
ply to the Senator that perhaps his sentiments
•would be a little governed by this consideration:
if some of lus friends were arrested, he might
.change his notions. The Senator from Missouri,
the Senator from Iowa, and others have said that
they believe that when the facts shall be made
known to us by his Excellency the President,
tfre military authorities will be vindicated for these
arrests. That may be, but I do not think it will
be so. 1 believe that these gentlemen have been
arrested wrongfully. They were certainly ar-
rested without warrant as prescribed in the Con-
stitution and laws of their country, and I know
them well enough to know that if they are charged
with any crime or offense, all they want is to be
brought before a legally-constituted tnbuual and
tried. As a personal and political friend of Lieu-
tenant Governor Jacobs .and Colonel Wolford, I
court the investigation. They are Christian gen-
tlemen; they arc men of ability; they are men of
honor; they are brave men, and they have at-
tested their valor on many a well-fought battle-
field. Such men cannot be guilty of crime; and
I will say here for them, as their friend and as
their representative, that alt they ask is to meet
their accusers face to face. If they are charged
with any offense, take ihem before the consti-
tuted tribunals of the land, try them, and, if they
do not make their innocence manifest, puni&h
them. It is the duty of the Government which
arrests them to do that. If they ore innocent, it
is a crying shame that they should languish in
prison. One of them we know to be in close con-
finement; we know not where the other is; he
was ordered through the lines, and it was said in
the newspapers that the confederate authorities
refused to receive him, and he was brought bark
again, and where he is now we do not know.
He is the second civil officer in the government
of Kentucky, and he ought to be there to attend
to his official duties.
These gentlemen, when they were arrested,
were both citizens. Though (hey had been in
the Army, and had rendered distinguished service,
they were both out of the military service and
engaged in civil pursuits. One of them, as I be-
fore said, was Lieutenant Governor of the State,
and the other had been but a few days before his
arrest chosen one of the electors on the McClel-
lan presidential ticket; but he was thrown into
prison and not permitted to exercise the functions
of the office to which an overwhelming majority
of the people of Kentucky had elevated lum.
Sn, 1 did not expect that any opposition would
be made to this resolution in the Senate Cham-
ber of the United .States, f hud supposed that
here at least there was still left some lingering
love for the constitutional and civil liberties of
the citizen. I bad supposed there was stnl some
regard felt here for those who, during* this rebel-
lion, had periled their lives in the Union cause
in a hundred battles. Everybody knows that
for moil' than two years Wolfordname was
synonymous with deeds of noble daring. He
was m the front for all that time, and he has
fought in mot' than a hundred battles and skir-
mkhes. Jacobs, too, was m the field, and he
beats to-day upon ins person wounds leeeivjd
federates. That such men ns these are arrested
without warrant and without charge, so far as
they or their friends know, and one sent we know
not where and the other left to languish in close
confinement, is, in my judgment, a crying sin and
a shame. Let us puss this resolution and call the
matter to the attention of the President; let him
look into the action of his subordinates, and if
he finds that true and good men have been wrong-
fully dealt with, let him set them, at liberty, and
punish the guilty official who deprived them of
their liberty. If he finds that there is reason to
suppose them to be guilty of any offense, let lum
hand them over to the legally-constituted tribu-
nals to be tried, convicted, and punished. But,
sir, as their friend, i fear not investigation; I
couit it; for I know that whenever Wolford and
Jacobs are allowed to be tried by tiny just and
honorable tribunal they will come outuoscathed,
and their reputation will be hereafter, as it has
been heretofore, thatof men of honor, of dignity,
of courage, and of ability. They are really above
suspicion with ail honorable and patriotic men.
Mr, JOHNSON. Mr. President, I take for
granted, from the indications we have had, that
this resolution will be called up and passed; and
I concur in thinking that it is al'-imoortant that
inquiries of this sort should be made, because in
point of fact, very grec\t injustice has been done in
the past, and is now being done. I believe, how-
ever, that in thofee cases the President has had no
participation whatever. The misconduct, where
there was misconduct, has been the act of his offi-
cers, his subalterns; and, as far as 1 am advised,
in the general, whenever the matter has been
brought before him, he has applied the proper rem-
edy."
Congress passed, some two years ago, I think,
an act which was intended to put an end, in a
measure, to the principal injustice which was the
lesult, and sure to be the result, of th* oe military
arrests; and in all eases, as provided for by that
act, where the parties were not liable to military
control, the persons ehaiged were to be handed
over to the civil tribunal, and if an indictment was
not found within a limited period they were to be
discharged. I speak knowingly when I say to
the Senate that that law has been altogether djs-
legurded in Maryland, and that it has equally
been disiegarded within this District. Men without
number have been arrested, and have beenlianded
over, not to the civil tribunalsfor trial, but to mili-
tary commissions, and have been convicted and
sentenced to the penitentiary, and are now, some
of them, suffering under those sentences. These
military gentlemen—I speak not of the President
of the United States—seem to think that the'y are
under no obligation at all to observe the civil laws;
not only not bound to observe the laws of the
States where they happen to be located at the
time, but not bound to observe the laws of Con-
gress; and they not only assume jui if diet ion ,
but I know, if 1 know anything of law, that they
have from time to time, and indeed constantly,
convicted upon evidence that would not be re-
ceived in any court of civil justice in the country.
But I rose, more especially to state a case
which will show the Senate the great extent to
which this usurpation of authority has been ex-
tended. At the late election in Maryland, when
the question before the people was whether the
constitution framed by the convention who had
<hat subject under their consideration should be
adopted by the people or not, a gentleman of Car-
oline county, Union from the beginning of this
civil strife and Union still, offered to vote, and took
the oaths piesciibed, every one of them, answer*. d
every question propounded to him, but was re-
fused , and he sued the judge of election, as he had
a perfect light to do. The military commander
in Baltimore, by some persons immediately in the
neighborhood wheie the fact occurred, being in-
formed of it, the gentleman was ai tested, having
committed no offense at all unless (if that be an
offense) suing the judge for refusing to xeceive his
vote, biought to the city of Baltimore, thrown
into prison, and I believe is there still. He was
not only thrown into puson and kept in prison,
but his friends were not permitted to see him,and
have not been permitted,as I believe, .since to see
him.
That is one case. The last election in our State
for member of our LegiJjtme leailled in the
choice of a majority of citizens who were called
Demociats. Theie whs a majority of two in
the Senate of Maryland. One of them, elect'-d
from one of our counties, said to be i\ timid man,
was threatened with arrest if he did not resign,
and he resigned. But that h-ft a majority stilt.
In the county of Somerset, where a Democrat
was elected, receiving a majority of between
three and four thousand votes, he received a very
polite letter from the general in command, ask-
ing him in substance whether he thought it was
right that he should take his scat in the Senate
of Maryland, as he had raised a rebel flag in
April, 18G1, upon his own premises. He replied
to it—I have the reply by me—courteously > deny-
ing the charge, protesting that it was altogether
false, asking permission to satisfy the map>rgen~
ernl that it was false, saying that he would come
up at any moment in order to lay befne him the
proofs which he said lie had to establish the fact
of its falsehood; and the reply to the request
was a file of soldiers and his arrest; and he was
brought to the city of Baltimore, thrown into the
most loathsome dungeon, which had formerly
been used as a mere slave pen, without bed-cloth- «
ing to lie upon, and the next day, without inves-
tigation and opportunity for defense,he was sent
South by ordei of the major general.
Mr. POWELL. Will the Senator from Mary-
land allow me to ask who that maj'>r general was?
Mr.JOHNSON. MajorGenei ilWallaep, The
President was informed of it, and at the time he
was informed of it he was told that the order had
not been executed. He immediately sent a dis-
patch requesting that nothing more should be
done, and the answer to the dispatch was that the
man had been sunt South already 1 Now,whether
he was guilty of raising the rebel flag m 1^01 or
not, 1 have no personal knowledge; nor have I
any peisonal knowledge of the gentleman hims< If;
but lie is represented to me to be a man of the
highest possible character, a man of ummpeaehed
integrity, and whose word would be taken by
everybody who knows him.
I have no doubt that General Wallace has acted
under the impression that he was discharging a
duty; representations have been made to him upon
the faith of which he has acted; but m his desire
to perform his duty,and to rid Maryland of those
whom he supposed were traitors, lie forgot that
every citizen of Maiyland has a r.ghtto be heard
when he is ehaiged with an offense.
It may be, Mr. President, that upon the ground
of military necessity in the beginning of tins dread-
ful war, aiming as it did at the very lifeof the na-
tion, these arrests were unavoidable; but, thank
God,it is not so now; thank God, itseems now to
be approaching its end, and the end wdl be the
restoration of the Union; but let the Senate of the
United States, if upon reasons of military neces-
sity they have herctofoie refused to intertV re, say
now that m suppressing the rebellion they mean
to preserve the rights of the loyal citiz.-ns. The
case to which I have adverted is now under the
examination, as f understand, of the Presidentof
the United States; and I have confidence in him
as a lawyerand as a humane man,asone willing,
to the extent of his knowledge, to maintain the
rights of the citizen, and as a man anxious, as
much as any other man living, to execute justice
in mercy, that he will see that no potaibh*' harm
shall fall upon a citizen of Maryland without
cause.
Mr. HOWE, Will the Senator fiom Mary-
land allow me to ask what power the President
| ot the United States has to redress the wrong
which he says has been oommit'ed against the
rights of this citizen of ATat yinndr
_ Mr. JOHNSON. Take him out of prison—
discharge him.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me to
inquiie if that is rediess?
Mr. JOHNSON. Redress! It is not ample
redress. It is the only redress in the power of
the President. There is another mode of redress:
to sue the wrong-doer—the only way to obtain
full indemnity if he happens to'be'able to meet
the proper indemnity. But if my honorable friend
himself were thrown into a loathsome prison,and
he weie by himself or his fi lends to apply to the
President of the United States to take him out, I
suppose he would have no doubt that to a certain
extent the tak.ug of him out would put an end to
tile injury done him, would be a rediefcy.
