78
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
Government are limited, and that its limits are not to be
transcended. But we think the sound construction of tlie
Constitution must allow to the national Legislature that dis-
cretion, with respect to the means by which the powers it
confers are to be carried into execution, which will enable
that body to perform the high duties assigned to it in a
manner most beneficial to the people. Let the end be le-
gitimate; let it be within the scope of the Constitution, and
all means which are appropriate, which arc plainly adapted
to that end, which arc notprohibited, but consist with the
letter and spirit of the Constitution, are constitutional."
• I concede this principle, that where there is an
express power to be executed by Congress, any
incidental power appropriate to the execution of
that express primary power which is notprohib-
ited by or which is not in conflict with the letter
or the spirit of the Constitution, may be adopted
as an auxiliary power; but, on the other hand, I
maintain as a principle of constitutional law not
to be shaken, that where the incidental power
claimed is in direct conflict with an express pro-
vision of the Constitution, with a right of the citi-
zen expressly guarantied by it, according to the
principle laid down by Chief Justice Marshall,
such incidental power is unauthorized by the Con-
stitution, and Congress has no power to adopt it.
This principle clearly forbids the passage of the
pending resolution. It proposes to act free the
wife and children of all negro soldiers who have
heretofore, or who may hereafter, enlist into the
armies of the United States; to take such prop-
erty from theirowners, not to be put into the ser-
vice, not to be applied to any public use-, although
the Government has no power to take private
property except for public use, with a positive
prohibition to take it for the public service with-
out just compensation to the owner.
I concede that Congress has the express power
to raise armies; as an incidental power, can offer
bounties in the form of money and land to per-
sonsthatwill enlistin themilitaryservice. Why
has Congress the power to resoit to this inci-
dental means of promoting enlistments in aid of
the execution of that great and piimtuy power of
raising armies? Because there is nothing in the
express provisions or the spirit of the Consti-
tution, there is no right expressly guarantied
by it to the citizen, that comes info conflict with
the exercise of the incidental power of offering
such bounties. But the pending is altogether
a different measure. There are express clauses
of the Constitution which guaranty to every citi-
zen his rights of property,"one of which clauses
declares "that he shall not forfeit life, libei ty, 01
property except by due process of low, and
another, that private property shall not be taken
for public use without just compensation, that
would be directly and to the extent of a large
amount of property infringed by it
Mr. President, the only seeming colorofauthor-
ity on the part of Congress to pass this measure is
to promote enlistments in the Army. It presents
some analogy to the power of Congress to offer
bounties for that purpose. It may be consideied
as in the nature of a'bounty. But the exeiesse of
a power by Congress to offer a bounty in any imm
is nolan express power of Confess, but it is one
of its incidental powers, and cannot be exercised
or executed in any form so as to afm>gate or im-
pair the right of any kind of properl y
Now, sir, I might, if I chose, offer an amend-
ment to this joint resolution in something like
these terms:
And whereas the Stistn of Massachusetts lias had much
tiavail m het eihut- ioiai>e 1km quota <>t tioop* to put down
the wicked rob< ilion, ;nnl in Jut trront i-ue mic M'nt aaonu
into manv Stato.. both ^chel and loyal, to eniw ;
and into toiei^n countries to contiact with the subject^ ot
alien Governments to become Mib->tuute^ foi hri own citi-
zens m lite armies of the United States; and wUen-as
some of her sons hi iiisjh places had a stum? disunion,
though not quite enouiru of stomach to do battle in thus
holy wai, whuiuby much of humiliation, sonow, and ie-
morse come upon the old Bay State. Now, lot rcim-dv
thereof, and to encourage enlistments in that riate, and
to cause the hii hwayj and the aliujs to Mvanu wnJi her
patriotic who maichmg ori to put down this accursed
lebelhon.
Be it Jurther enacted, That any and all pen-otis of the
proper miUuuj a£<\ who will enlist into and as p.ut o! the
Mav.-achu^.nts troops, to sovf m ih" United States Army
for the term of tlnee yeais or durui<*the war, shall a tier
suchenli-tment, aeil oh so electing- aiid declaims,bccome
a full and equal pat tnci ,a--><H-iai.e, or ineot pot,urn with any
individual cm individuals, p.ulncis, company, euipuiatoisj
or othei a-^ociate* whatever in s>aid S;at-, whose pm-iut
and bufcine^ is or may he banking,biokerin^m.'jeiu'uith,-
iinr, tupping;. ttaduiT. li-Istnjj, m<ii>uf.!etui ni>}. hou-e-hii'ld-
itig. f-Jiijj-huikhng:. ot whole or componentp<uts\or making
oi tainioatin^ anything whatever, whether hy hand or by
machnteiy, or by whatever pow r t, a/jeney, oi nnnih; ,-uiJi
tjuhstmi'iu entitling every person to eject and deter.nine
for himself with what individual or individuals, firms, part-
nerships, corporations, or other associations, m any form
whatever he may attach himself; and thereupon to be-
come as fully interested in all property and estate, real or
persona], money, debts, stock, machinery, and every inter-
est and light connected with such business as though he
were an onginal partner, corporator, or associate.
I ask you, sir, if an amendment like that were-
offered to this joint resolution, would it not have
as much and more effect to encourage enlistments
in Massachusetts than this joint resolution will
have anywhere? Can any man doubt that the
prediction of the Governor of Massachusetts,
that if a certain measure was adopted by the Pres-
ident of the United States the highways and the
alleys would swarm with her patriotic soldiers
rushing to the Army, would be realized, and more
than realized, if an amendment like this should
be adopted as a part of this joint resolution ? A
proposition authorizing any man who enlisted
into the service in Massachusetts, upon the fact
of so enlisting to be thereby and thereupon en-
titled to associate himself as a partner with any
individual, firm, partnership, corporation, or as-
sociation whatever, and to become equally and
fully interested in all the estate, property, and
means of that individual, firm, partnership, cor-
poration, or association, would be a measure em-
inently calculated to encourage enlistments. Pass
such a measure as that, and its efficiency in call-
ing troops into the military service of the United
States would be manifold more operative and
successful than the measureunder consideration.
So far as you waive objections to its constitution*
ality and its justice, so far as you consider it as a
practical measure only, to encourage enlistments,
no man can doubt its eminent efficiency.
Sir, why should not this be adopted as an amend-
ment to the pending measure? It also would be
a war measure—a measure calculated to'fdl up the
ranks of our Army, to increase its numbers and
efficiency, and to bring the rebellion to a more
speedy close. In all of its practical operations
and results it would bo signally an effective war
measure. What objection can be made to it? No
possible objection except those which I make to
t he present measure.
I concede that Congress has not the power to
pass such a measure as is expressed in this sup-
posed amendment, because of the objections that
I have urged to the measure itself. It would be
in conflict with the rights of property of the people
of Massachusetts guarantied to them by the Con-
stitution, and it would be flagitiously unjust; but
in neither respect would it be more flagitiously
unjust.
Indeed, any objection that may be made to the
proposition which f have just read can be made
with more truth and force ]n principle to the meas-
ure under consideration. The great and principal
effect of this resolution would be in Kentucky,
and upon her people 1 presume it is so intended. In
1860 we had two'hundred and twenty-five thou-
sand four hundred and eighty-three slaves in that
State, in my own county we had six thousand
seven hundred and sixty-,seven. I have no doubt
from the number of enlistments that have been
made from the slaves of Kentucky that three
fourths of that population fu for military service
mo now in the Army or some employment of the
United States. That such is the proportion in
my own county 1 do not entertain a doubt. The
military portion of that population in the county
of Bourbon was something the rise of six hun-
dred before any of them were recruited. By act-
ual enumeration about six hundred of her slaves
have already attached themselves to the Army.
They wete recruited withoutany regard to order,
form, or principle. The whole object seemed to
be to demoralize the institution, and to get everv
slave man who could be seduced to join the ser-
vice byanymode of operation whatever, to do so.
They sent their recuitmg agents, foreigners prin-
cipally, mostly Dutchmen, all over the county,
and pretty well over the State. They received and
enrolled every slave negro who could be inveigled
to gt\ e his consent. Some that were over agelutd
some that were not proper military material be-
cause of disease, and females disguised m male
clothes, were admitted. At least three fourths of
the sia\es suit* d for military service in that county
have a heady attached themselves to the Army.
They have enhstrd, and they now belong to the
armies of the United States, as much so as if their
wives and their children were declared to be iree.
Pass this measure, and its application would not
be to one fourth of the male slave population of
Bourbon, or, I believe, of the State of Kentucky
to be enlisted, but would be mainly upon those
that are now in the military service by freeing
their wives and children.
What, then, is tho object of the measure? 11 i^
not much to encourage enlistments. We have
already sent more than our proportion of negroes
to the field. We have but a small remnant yet
remaining. The measure does not propose to be
limited to those who have not enlisted and who
may yet be enlisted, but it proposes to compre-
hend those who have enlisted as well as those who
may hereafter enlist. The object is to deprive
slave owners of their property; it is still further
to demoralize the institution; it is to break it up per
fas ant nefas; it is utterly to disregard the Consti-
tution and the laws which secure equally with
every other this description of property to their
owners, and trample them under foot, lawlessly,
unjustly, without answering any wise policy of
the Government, and utterly to destroy slave
property.
Is the Senate going to lend itself to the passage
of such a measure? Before doing so, ought it
not to ask seriously and gravely whence is its
power to pass so extraordinary a measure?
Sir, the precedents of to-day become the law
of to-morrow. The precedents that are set and
established by one party are transferred to its suc-
cessor,and by its successor they are taken up and
enforced as law against those who have made
them. Are the members of the Senate ready to
have this poisoned chalice which they are now
concocting and mixing for other lips tendered to
their own ? Sir, there is a retributive justice even
in human affairs. The wrongs and iniquities
which one party in powerperpetrate upon another
out of power sooner or later return to plague
themselves. That law of retribution is#tardy, but
it is certain; it comes sooner or later. Would to
God it could come with more promptitude and
with full measure in every case.
Sir, I do not contend for this great principle,
the inviolability of private property and theguar-
antee which the Constitution makes to its owner,
for myself or the people of my own State alone,
nor for this generation alone. It is a great and
enduring principle of right and of just and en-
lightened government. It is one of the principal
ends for which government is formed, and no
Governmcntthatessentially and continuously vio-
lates it could ever receive the permanent support
of a free, enlightened, and virtuous people.
What does this joint resolution proposeto do?
Utterly to disregard this great fundamental prin-
ciple of the Constitution, this guarantee of the
right of property to the citizen. Sir, property
may be taken from the citizen by the Government
in two modes. It may be taken in the form of
taxation orinthe exerciseofthepowerofeminent
domain. In the first place, wise legislation aims
at equality, and makes the law imposing the tax
bear upon the people as generally, as equitably,
and as impartially as possible. But whenever
property is taken from a citizen by the exercise
of the power of eminent domain, that citizen is
asked to contribute to the public service some-
thing more than the rest of the citizens are re-
quited to render; and there is not a decision in
any of the courts of the United States, or in any
of the States, upon this point, in relation to taking
property from the citizen in the exercise of the
power of eminent domain, but what expressly
lays down the principle that it is his right to re-
ceive a full and fair compensation for ills' property
thus taken. Nearly every State in the Union has
decided and maintained that principle; yea, more,
they have gone on and decidcd, further to fortify
that sacred right of property, that the citizen can-
not be deprived of the possession of his property
without payment of its full and fair price, or with-
out that price is then secured to him. Tins loose
pi act ice of the Government from its foundation,
to take propeity upon its own valuation, or even
upon the valuation of a couit or commissioners,
and to make no arrangement, no provision, by
law or othei wise, to secure to the owner the value
of the property, is an unauthorized and an un-
constitutional exercise of power.
Sir, this position will not be controverted by
any man who has h-gal learning at ail rtspectuble:
that :his ptuwsiou oi the Constitution secures
