1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
79
not only the right of property, but the possession
of the property to the citizen, and that the right
of the citizen to this property is not divested, and
cannot be divested, unless he receives full com-
pensation for it, or unless that full compensation
is secured to him before the property is taken.
Whenever there are courts ill this country suffi-
ciently enlightened, impartial, and firm, to ad-
minister the constitutional principle, they will
decide that it is the duty of Congress to pass laws,
having general application to every case where
private property is or may be taken for public use,
to pay, or to secure to the owner of that property
before he is forced to part with the possession, its
full and fair value. If I had time I could adduce
a dozen cases from courts, running from Massa-
chusetts to California, establishing that principle,
and establishing in addition that unless these con-
ditions be complied with, the chancellor will issue
his injunction to hold the owner of the property
in his possession and to prevent it being taken
from him. Is not that the law of the Constitu-
tion? Is it not the law of reason and justice?
What objection can there be made to it?
Why, sir, has Congress the power to pass any
law that in its judgment would promote the effi-
ciency of the Aitny and help to bring this war to a
speedy and successful close ? Why then does not
Congress pass a law to seize all the money in the
banks of the United States? Why does it not pass
a law authorizing its military officers to go abroad
through the land to gather up according to their
discretion and power all the necessary supplies for
the Army? Why does it not pass a law author-
izing the President, by his will and by his dictum,
to conscript any or all the military population of
the United States?
Mr. Piesident, the views that I have lioro of-
fered, I think, establish conclusively the propriety
of the Senate referring this joint resolution and the
proposition that I have read in connection with it
as instructions to the Committee on the Judiciary,
tiiat we may have the benefit of a report of that
committee in relation to the question of the con-
stitutionality and validity of this measure if Con-
gress should pass it.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 623) to
amend an act entitled "An act to provide for car-
rying the mails from the United States to foreign
ports, and for other purposes," approved Maich
25, 18C4, in which the concurrence of the Senate
was retjue&ted.
fkeedmen's bureau.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill of the House (H. R. No. 51) to
establish a Bureau of Freedmen's A (lairs, disa-
greed to by the House of Representatives; and
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amendments
to the said bill disagteed to by the House of Jlepi-et-enta-
tives, and agree to tiie eonlerenee asked by the llou.-i: on
tin* disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part ot the Senate be
appointed by the President fro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Mr.
Sumner, Mr. Howard, and Mr. Buckali;w.
HOUSE BILL KEFER1USD.
The bill (H. R. No. 622) to amend an act en-
titled An act to incorporate the Metropolitan
Railroad Company in the District of Columbia,"
approved July 1,1864, was read twice by its tale,
and referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbm.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that thu Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
soent m executive session, the doors were re-
opened, and theSenat'e adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 20, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chapimn, Rev. "W". II. Chaining.
The Journal of yesterday wa.s read and approved.
APPOINTMENT OF COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER stated that Mr. Pruyn, having
been placed upon the Committee of Ways anil
Means, asked to be excused from further service
on the Committee of Claims.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
TheSPEAKERthen appointed Mr.TowNSEND
to fill the vacancy on the Committee of Claims.
The SPEAKER also announced the following
as the select committee on pensioners:
Messrs. Griswold,Wiialey,Perham, Wash-
burn of Massachusetts, Miller of Pennsylva-
nia, Hubbard of Connecticut, and Ross.
PRISONERS OJ1 WAR.
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire. I ask
the unanimous consent of the House to submit
the following resolution:
Whereas, the Government of the United States has
treated rebel prisoners of war with the inmost care, retain-
ing them in suitable and healthy places ol" confinement,
supplying tliom with ample lationsof the best and most
nutritious quality, attending them with skillful medical
treatment and eaie in cases of sickness and wounds, and
affording them eveiy proper facility for improving their
condition and alleviating their impiisonment; and whereas
the lebel authorities have confincd Union prisoners in un-
healthy and loathsome prisons, and in pestilential camps
without shelter; have furnished lations scanty and un-
wholesome ; have neglected to furnish suitable medical at-
tendance; have withheld from them clothing, piovisions,
and money sent to them from their friends at home, so that
thousands have died fiom starvation, and contagious and
other diseases caused by such barbarous neglect and mal-
treatment; and tins notwithstanding the continuous and
earnest efforts of the. Government of the United States to
piocuie an alleviation of their sufferings while in impris-
onment, or a just and equitable exchange: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
shucted to inquire into the expediency of piovidmgbylaw,
if such treatment of Unionpu-soners ispeisisted in, for con-
fining rebel piihOneis in our hands in such prisons, and
allowing them such kind and quality of rations, a>$ may be
adopted^by the rebel government, to the end that the rebel
authentic^ may bo thereby compelled to ticat the Union
pnsonets in their hands according to the iule& and usages
of civilized waifaie.
Mr. COX. I do not wish to object to the res-
olution of the gentleman from New Hampshire,
but he will remember there is now pending a res-
olution calling upon the Secretary of War for all
correspondence in reference to the exchange of
prisoners. It was offered by myself the other day,
and was laid over. 1 should like to see that cor-
respondence before voting, although I believe the
resolution of the gentleman to be eminently cor-
rect.
I was loth to believe, sir, that such barbarities
were practiced by the rebels upon our prisoners,
but 1 do know that the asseverations of the gen-
tleman in that resolution are true, and that some
action is demanded m the name of humanity on
behalf of our prisoners. I should prefer to sec a
wholesale exchange of them. We tried again and
again in this House 
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire. I do not
yield for the put pose of debate.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio object to the resolution?
Mr. COX.. I do not.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the resolution
was adopted; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INTERNAL REVENUE STAMPS-
Mr. THAYER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following lesolution; which was read,
consideied, and agreed to:
Rewired, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
iristuicted to mqmie into the expediency of <*o amending
the internal levonuc law, tiiat lufetiunients leqimed by
the one hundred and iifty-fn^t section of said law to be
stamped, but winch have not, through inadvertence oi other
cause, been stamped at the tune of making or issuing the
tanie, may, upon the payment of a propei penalty, he sub-
sequently stamped and theieby tendered loyal and valid;
and that they luvo leave to leport by bul oi otherwise.
BOUNTY LAND.
Mr, HOLMAN, by unanimous 'consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; winch was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency oi setting apart a
poitton of the public lands for the benefit or such soldieis
of the United States ay have been, or shall be, permanently
disabled duung the pie>ent war. and whose cncum>tiince«
may lequlre tiie generous aid of their country, by gianting
to tiie several States such lands, the proceeds of which
shall be applied to tiie evolutive benefit of said soldiers,
either in founding home* foi them m their respective States,
or otheiwisc, n-. the several State Legi>,latui camay deter m-
me, and shall lepoit by bill or othetwi>e.
-VICE ADMIRAL.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I ask unafti-:
mous consent to report back from the Committee
on Naval Affairs House bill No. 606, to create the
grade of vice admiral in the jtfavy.
Mr. COX. I object, and call for the regular
order of business.
J. C. CA.RTEB,
Mr. SCOFIELD. 1 ask leave to offer a joint ■
resolution for reference. v
Objection was made.
Cries of " Regular order!"
Mr. SCOFIELD. I want to let the parties go
home. There will be no objection to it, 1 am
sure.
Objection being withdrawn,
Mr. SCOFIELD introduced a joint resolution
relative to J. C. Carter, captain in the United
States Navy; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. SPALDING. I now demand the regular
order of business.
BUREAU OF FREEMEN'S AFFAIRS.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the Senate amend-
ments to House bill No. 51, to establish a Bureau
of Freedmen's Affairs, which was postponed from
the last session to this day.
Mr. ELIOT. This bill was returned from the
Senate with a great vaiiety of amendments. I
am instructed to move that the House non-concur
in the amendments of the Senate, and ask a com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. PENDLETON. I would like to hear the
amendments read.
Mr. ELIOT. I believe they were read before
the adjournment at the last session.
The SPEAKER. The impression of the Chair
is that they have not been read—that the reading
was suspended at that time.
Mr. COX. How does this bill come before the
House ?
The SPEAKER. It was passed by the House,
came back from the Senate with various amend-
ments, and was postponed until to-day.
Mr. PENDLETON. Have the amendments
been printed ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not informed.
Mr. SPALDING. I would suggest the pro-
priety of having them printed.
Mr. ELIOT. The amendments have all been
printed, and are in the form of a new bill attached
to House bill No. 51.
The amendments were to strike out all after
the enacting clause, and insert the following:
That an office, to continue during the existing war, is
hereby created in the Tieasury Depaitment, to be called
the Bureau oi Freedtnen, meaning thereby s>uch persons, as
have oncc been slaves, under the care of a Commissioner,
with an annual salaiy of $4,000, who shall be appointed by
the President, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate; and there shall be a chief clerk, acting also a**
disbursing officer, under bond to the United States for the
iaithfnl di^chaige of his duties, with an annual salary of
§2,000. and al^o such number of clerks, not exceeding two
of each class, a^ shall be necessary, all of whom shall be
appointed by the Sccietary of the Treasury.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enaded, That the Commis-
sioner shall have authority, under the direction of the Scct
retary of the Treasury, to create depaitments of fieedmeu
within the rebel States, not to exceed two m each State,
ho far as the same may be brought under the military power
of the United States; and each department shall be under
the supervision of an us-sistant commissioner, with an
annual salary of $2,000, under bond as lequired by the
chief clerk, to be appointed by the President of the United
States, with the advice and consent of the Senate, and
with authouty to appoint local superintendents and clerks,
so lar as the same may be needed, not, howeveu to excecit
loui in each district, at a compensation not exceeding
§1.500.
Sec. 3. Jlndbe itjurther enacted, That the military com-
mander within any department shall, on the application of
the assistant commissioner thereof, supply all need tut mili-
tary support in the discharge of the duties of such assistant
commtisMOner, unless there aie controlling lmhtaiy ieaso:;s
lor withholding the same; and any nnhtaty commander
may he appointed assistant commissioner, without increase
ol salary.
►inc. 4. JltiA be it further enacted, That the Commis-
sioner, under the direction oi the Seeietaryoi thftTieasury,
shall haw. the geneial ^superintendence of all freedmen
thioughout the several dep:u trnents, and itshall be his duty
especially to watch ovei the execution of all Jaws, procla-
mation-:. .uid mifitary ordeis of emancipation, or in any
way concerning freedmen, and gencialiy, by careful regu-
lations. to protect the>e peisons in tiie enjoyment of then
i li^iit-, t<  piomote their welfare, and to secure to them mid
, th'o.j posterity the ble^mgs of liberty. And every such
i fioi-di.iau sh.ili be tieated m eveiy reject as a fieedmaii,
