848
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17.
progress of this rebellion and in our efforts to re-
claim Virginia to her ancient loyalty to be trifled
•with in tins way. Let theloyalists of that State,
let the whole people of that rebel State, and of all
other rebel States understand, once for all, that
we are not to be trifled with, nor humbugged by
the introduction hereof members of Congress and
Senators in Congress without constituents and
without States to represent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
will be on the motion of the Senator from Mich-
igan to instruct the Committee on the Judiciary
in regard to the point suggested by him.
Mr. WILSON. I desire simply to say that X
shall vote for the motion of my colleague and also
for the amendment if it is pressed. But in doing
so I wish to say that, while I hope they will make
a thorough investigation and report, I understand
this question to stand in this way: the Congress
of the United States recognized a political govern-
ment in Virginia, or a portion of it, as the State
* of Virginia proper. On the strength of that rec-
ognition men were admitted into this Senate and
into the other House. On the strength of it we
made West Virginia a State and brought her into
the Union, and she is in the Union to-day. It
* seems to me, therefore, that v/e are bound by all
our votes during the last three years to consider
" the Governor and Legislature of Virginia as ex-
isting.
As regards the proclamation of the President,
* so much of Virginia as was not occupied by our
forces was declared in rebellion; but that portion
of it held or to be held by our armies was not de-
clared in rebellion; and the moment a square mile
of Virginia is occupied by our armies, by the very
terms of the proclamation it is no longer in rebel-
lion. The great part of Virginia is at war with the
Governrnentof the United States, and at war with
th eStat^govern me nt of Virginia precisely as much
as it is at war with the Governrnentof the United
States. These rebels are at war with Governor
Pierpointand the Legislature that has sent this
gentleman here who claims a seat, just as much
as they are at war with Mr. Lincoln and the Con-
gress of the United States. I am willing to have
this question examined, because I think the com-
mittee ought to examine it and ought to report the
facts; but my understanding of the facts is as I
have stated; and unless something is shown to the
contrary, I /eel bound to recognize Governor Pier-
point and the Legislature and the political govern-
ment of the old State of Virginia.
Mr. COWAN. I wish to ask the honorable
Senator a question: whether he has any doubt,
or anybody has any doubt, of the facts he has
stated as being existing facts; and whether, if they
are existing facts, they are not as well known to
us now as they can be by the investigation of the
committee? That is one of the best reasons why
it ought not to be referred.
Mr. WILSON. I will simply say in reply
that my own information leaves me no doubt
aboutit. I have none in my own mind; butthere
are Senators who have, and I have no doubt
honestly so. I am therefore willing that it shall
go to the Committee on the Judiciary, and let
them report the facts of the case; but unless they
can show something contrary to what seems to
me to be all our action, all our legislation, all the
action of our Government, executive, legislative,
or judicial for three years and a half, the polit-
ical organization that has sent Mr. Segar here is
as much the political organization of the State of
Virginia us the Legislature of any other State in
this Union.
Mr. WILLEY. I am under great obligations
to the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.Wilson]
for hiskmdand patriotic remarks. He seems to
appreciate and to have a proper sympathy with
the men in the border States wjio are standing up
as the bulwarks between the ravages of the foe
and the loyal States further north.
1 am very well aware, Mr. President, that it is
late in the session, and 1 am aware of the im-
patience of the Senate to prosecute the business
before it.* I shall not trespass long upon the pa-
tience of the Senate; but 1 think it proper that I
should make a remark or two before the vote is
taken upon this proposition.
I was sorry to hear the remark of the Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] in regard to
the Legislature at Alexandria. It will do very
well for Senators surrounded by loyal popula-
tions, far from the scene of strife, far from the
field of battle, far from the torch of the incendi-
ary, far from the bloody knives of the guerrillas,
to throw slurs upon the loyal organization of the
men of the border seeking to establish themselves
as parts of this Government.
Sir, who are the Legislature ofVirginia? Noth-
ing more, according to the Senator, than the com-
mon council of Alexandria. Why, sir, they rep-
lesent to-day a population of two hundred and
sixteen thousand loyal people; and the representa-
tives of this people, standing in the breach be-
tween the foe anil our friends, baring their breasts
to the shock of battle, and to the terrible inflictions
of this horrible war, are to be impeached as a poor,
meager organization with no more political stand-
ing than the common council of Alexandria ! I
think the honorable Senator took more of the ex-
citement of the moment than of his sober reflec-
tion. I had hoped to see him extending the hand
of friendship and favor and support to the strug-
gling loyal people of the South. Instead of that
we are to be met with repulse. 1 was sorry to
hear the remarks of the Senator.
But the honorable Senator and those who think
with him have taken the ground that Virginia is
not entitled to representation on this floor." Why,
sir, has not the Senate recognized the fact that
she is entitled to such representation during the
whole of the session and during the whole of the
last session of Congress? Has there not been a
Senator representing the State ofVirginia on this
floor, participating in the proceedings of this body,
recording his yeas and nays, and to the extent
of his vote controlling the legislation of Congress ?
Has he not been recognized without a murmur
and without a word of objection ? So far as that
fact is concerned, I hold that the Senate is barred
by its own action, that it should have excluded
the honorable gentleman who represents Virginia
on the floor already if Virginia be not entitled
as a State to representation on this floor. I put
it to Senators to say, if Mr. Bowden had been
living to-day, whether he would not have been
allowed to occupy his seat without let or hin-
derance, Without any objection, the same as his
honorable colleague has been allowed to occupy
his seat without objection. I say, therefore, the
action of the Senate itself has recognized the fact
not only that Virginia is entitled to representa-
tion on this floor, but that she has been and is
represented on this floor; and so long as the hon-
orable Senator who represents Virginia here is
allowed to retain his seat, it strikes me that it is
not competent for the Senate to say that Virginia
is not entitled to representation on this floor.
I fully concur in all that has been said in regard
to the importance of this question. I know very
well, for 1 have been enabled to see it and to feel
it personally, with what eager desire the loyal
population of Virginia are looking to the action
of Congress in this respect to sustain the Legis-
lature at Alexandria. I know how all the north-
west portion ofVirginia, now composing the State
of West Virginia, was brought in around the loyal
Legislature of Wheeling, forming a nucleus, until
the whole State was brought under the flag of the
Union and under the jurisdiction of the Federal
Constitution; and I know that such will be the
result in Virginia if its loyal Legislature is sus-
tained. County after county—such is my infor-
mation from beyond the lines to-day, having let-
ters in abundance to that effect—eagerly desire
for the time to come when they shall be relieved
of the power of the rebellion, that they may re-
organize the old government of Virginia around
the Legislature at Alexandria.
But, sir, it is a fact, not only that the Senate of
the United States has recognized the existence of
Virginia as a State, and her right to be repre-
sented on this floor, but the executive branch of
the Government has done so, I imagine; for I
saw it stated in the papers the other day that the
Secretary of State had transmitted the constitu-
tional amendment for the abolition of slavery to
the Executive of Virginia, and through him it was
sent to the Legislature to be acted upon, and that
Legislature had acted upon it and ratified the
amendment. We shall place ourselves in a singu-
lar position if we reject a gentleman who comes
here accredited with a certificate of election in due
form, and repulse him from our doors and refuse
to allow him a seat on the floor, when we have
another member representing the same State upon
the floor, and when the executive branch of the
Government recognizes the Virginia Legislature
at Alexandria as the true Legislature, and Gov-
ernor Pierpoint as the true arid legitimate Gov-
ernor of Virginia. I trust that this matter will
not be referred at all, but that we will hold out
the inducement to the loyal people of Virginia to
rally around the loyal Legislature at Alexandria.
The Senator from Michigan said awhile ago
that we had shed too much blood to bring Vir-
ginia back into the Union and be humbugged by
proceedings like this. Why, sir, the very object
is to bring Virginia back into the Union; and it
strikes me there is no more available and desir-
able means by which to bring her back under the
old flag, and to restore her to her allegiance and
place in the Federal Government than the very
organization of the loyal people around the loyal
Legislature, under a loyal government and a loyal
Governor, as fast as the power of the United
States can relieve the loyal people of Virginia
from the pressure of the rebellion. As to the dis-
loyal, certainly it is not the object of Senators on
the other side to say that they should have a
voice in restoring the governrnentof Virginia.
1 hope, sir, that it will be the pleasure of the
Senate to allow Mr. Segar to be at once qualified,
for all the investigations which can be made be-
fore the Committee on the Judiciary will not
place this body in possession of any facts that are
not now,as I suppose, well known to the body.
I desire to say, before I sit down, that the hon-
orable Senator from Michigan was mistaken in
supposing that the whole of the State ofVirginia
is declared to be in rebellion. The proclamation
of the President exempted by name the counties
represented at Alexandria. Some of those coun-
ties never were declared to be in a state of insur-
rection, and others, since the issuing of the proc-
lamation, by the interposition of the Federal Ex-
ecutive, have been relieved from the operation
and effect of that proclamation; and those counties
now represented at Alexandria are not under the
operation of the proclamation of the President de-
claring Virginia to be in insurrection.
While, of course, I do not desire to interpose
any objection to what might be for the interesta
and the welfare of the country, and what might
be really the desire of honorable Senators, yet
I would fain hope that the Senator would now
allow Mr. Segar to take his seat. The creden-
tials on their face are fair; there is no objection
to them ; and I suggest whether, if these other
facts to which Senators allude should exist, or
should be supposed to exist, they could be ex-
amined afterward by a reference to a committee.
It may be a grave question whether a State in the
condition in which Virginia is now placed shall
be allowed to have representation on this floor;
but, sir, it is a very grave question when a gentle-
man comes from a State of this Union with cre-
dentials in due form under the seal of the Com-
monwealth, to stop him at the threshold and say
that he shall not take his place upon this floor. I
say that it is a very grave question, and one which
it seems to me should not be acted upon adversely
without the plainest facts to justify it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask the Chair whether
this subject overrides the unfinished business of
yesterday.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understands it so, or the Chair would have called
up the unfinished business at one o'clock.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to submit to the
Senate one or two considerations on this subject,
and I shall close my remarks by submitting a
motion that is not debatable.
The credentials presented to us purport to show
that this gentleman was elected a member of this
body on the 8th day of December last, and they
bear date on the 12th day of December last. They
have been held by him tor more than sixty days.
Every intelligent man must have known that the
presentation of these credentials would give rise
to debate, would involve grave political questions
about which there are radical differences of opin-
ion in this body and throughout the country.
The condition of the State of Virginia, the con-
dition of the rebel States, the effect of the i-ebel-
lion, all these matters are involved in the question
now presented to the Senate. This gentleman,
holding these papers, might at any moment have
presented them as a privileged question, and have
stopped nil the business of this body until they
