1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The bill on the same subject reported by the
Committee on Naval Affairs was then laid on the
table.
RANK OF NAVAL OFFICERS.
Mr. RICE, of ^Massachusetts, also, from the
Committee on Naval Affairs, reported a bill to
provide for an advance of rank to officers of the
Navy and Marine corps for distinguished con-
duct, <&c., which was read a first and second time.
The first section of the bill provides that any
officer of the Navy or Marine corps, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, may be ad-
vanced not exceeding fifty numbers in rank for
having exhibited eminent and conspicuous con-
duct in battle, or extraordinary heroism.
The second section provides that any officer of
the Navy or Marine corps who shall be nomin-
ated to highei grade under the provisions of the
first section of this act, or that of section nine of an
act entitled {< An act to establish and equalize the
grades of line officers of the United States Navy,"
approved July 16, 1862, shall be promoted, not-
withstanding the number of said grade may be
full, but no further promotion shall take place in
that grade exccpt for like cause until the number
is reduced to that provided bylaw.
The third section repeals all acts and parts of
acts inconsistent with the fore^om^.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would in-
quire of the gentleman from Massachusetts if this
bill includes volunteers in the Navy?
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. No, sir.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I shall move
to amend it so as to give the volunteersa chance.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. -This bill is in
accordance with the provisions of the existing
law, with the exception thatit changes the number
from thirty to fifty; the present law requires that
the person to be promoted shall be advanced
thirty numbers in his own grade. It will be ap-
parent, of course, that if the officer to be promoted
is within thirty numbers of the head of his grade,
he cannot be promoted the whole number to which
he would be entitled, and this provision is that he
may be advanced in rank instead of grade; that
is, if advancing him thirty numbers will carry
him into the grade next above his, it may so carry
him. That js the only difference from the pres-
ent law.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. All I desire
is that the volunteers shall be placed on an equal
footing and have a fair chance. 1 will frame an
amendment which \ think will meet the approba-
tion of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. COX. 1 suggest to the gentleman that he
postpone the consideration of this bill until it can
be printed and examined.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I would state,
in reply to the gentleman from Ohio, that the par-
ticular object in passing this bill at the present
time is to allow the President to promote Captain
Winslow, to whom Congiess has already passed
a vote of thanks for his gallant conduct jn de-
stroying the rebel pirate Alabama. Captain Wins-
low holds the rank of captain. The next grade
above that is commodore. The grade of commo-
dore is already full. He cannot, therefore, be
promoted under the present law until after this
bill has passed, which peimits him to be made a
commodore notwithstanding the limit of the num-
ber by the existing law.
Mr. COX. I do not wish to make any objec-
tion to any proper reward of Captain Winslow,
^ or of Admiiul Fanagut, or anybody rise, but it
seems to me a wrong principle of legislation to
create offices in order properly to recompense our
soldiers or the officers of our Navy. We have
created the office, this morning, of vice admiral
without proper considetaUon, simply because it
was recommended by the Piesident and the dis-
tinguished gentleman from Massachusetts. I did
not like to oppose it, not, because I did not think
the policy wrong, but because it might seem to
be an attack upon the gallant naval officer who is
to be rewarded by the office.
I thmk this legislation in relation to naval mat-
ters needs to be overhauled. We ought nottodo it
up by piecemeal. 1 do not know, and 1 cannot
tell from the casual reading of the bill, precisely
what its provisions are. It may be   i ad teal re-
construction of the naval service, or it may not be.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. If the gentle-
man will permit me to explain right here, 1 will
state that it does not create any radical change
whatever. The first section provides that an
officer receiving the thanks of Congress may he
advanced in rank fifty numbers instead of thirty
numbers, as is provided by the existing law.
The second section of the bill is necessary so
that Captain Winslow may be made a commodore,
notwithstanding that the number of commodores
provided by law is already full. That is the whole
object of the bill.
"Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Theamend-
mcnt which I propose will not interfere with the
gentleman's object, but it will give a sort of rec-
ognition to the'volunteer officers of the Navy. I
ask the gentleman from Massachusetts to accept
an amendment adding after the words (t Navy
or Marine corps" the words " either volunteer
or otherwise.''
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I accept the
amendment. The Committee on Naval Affairs
lias a bill before it contemplating that object.
The SPEAKER. The bill having been reported
from the Committee on Naval Affairs, the gentle-
man from Massachusetts cannot accept the amend-
ment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I offer
the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COX. I move that the bill be laid on the
table.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I trust that mo-
tion will not prevail. There is nothing radical in
the bill. It is simply to enable the President to
carry out the act in regard to Captain Winslow.
Mr. COX. I have not had a chance to discuss
the bill here, but I think I can show the gentle-
man that it is objectionable.
The question was taken on Mr. Cox's motion,
and it was not agreed to.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, and under the operation
of the previous question the bill was engrossed,
road the third time, and passed.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also jnoved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act (H. R. No.
260) for the relief of George W. Murray; when
the Speaker signed the same.
CHIEF ENGINEER KING'S REPORT.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, reported the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, Tiiat the Secretary of the Navy be requested
to communicate to this Ilout-c the report made to hun liy
t:inef Engineer King in lefeience to the iron-clad vessels
and dock-vaids of Europe.
WESTERN NAVY-YARDS.
Mr. SPALDING-, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to whom were referred House bill
No. 985, providing for a navy-yard at Cleveland,
Ohio; House bill No. 594, providing for a navy-
yard at Milwaukee, Wisconsin; House bill No.
587, providing for a navy-yard at Grand Haven,
Michigan; House bill No. 6X1, providing for the
establishment of a navy-yaid at Chicago, Illinois;
House bill No. 599, to provide for a navy-yard at
Obwe^o, New York; House bill No. —, provid-
ing for a navy-yard at Erie, Pennsylvania; the
memorial of the mayor and city council of
Sandusky, Ohio, and various resolutions on the
same subjects, reported a joint resolution provid-
ing for a commission to locate navy-yards.
The joint resolution was read a first and second
time. It authorizes the President to appoint a
commission, consisting of three competentofficcrs
of the Navy and two competent officers of the
engineer corps of the Army, to examine the dif-
ferent ports and harbors oi\ the northern and
northwestern lakes,and on the navigable waters
connecting the same, with a view to the establish-
ment of one or more navy-yards and naval depots
on such lakes and wateis, according to the public
exigency, and directs such commissioners to re-
port to Congress on the first Monday of Decem-
ber next.
The joint resolution was then orderedto be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being edgrossfed,
it was accordingly read the third time. ;
Mr. SPALDING moved the previous question
on the passage of the joint resolution.' { '
The previous question was secondediarid thfe
main question ordered. ' x ■ 1 v-; ; '
•Mr. L. MYERS. 1 move to lay the whole
subject on the table. - r* : S" ■ '<
Mr. SCOFIELD. I hope my colleague ^111
withdraw the motion. -* f '• - •
Mr. L. MYERS. I think the commission pro-
vided for in this joint resolution should be; directed
to examine other sites for navy-yards—&>r in-
stance, sites recommended by the President *and
Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The> Northwest will do
something for League Island at some other time.
We want these navy-yards at the Northwest. I
hope my colleague will withdraw his motion.'
Mr. L. MYERS. At the suggestion of my
friend from Pennsylvanial withdraw the motion.
Mr. O'NEILL, of Pennsylvania. I renew the
motion. I desire an opportunity to say -
The SPEAKER. The question is not debat-
able. There are two undebatable motions pend-
ing—the previous question and the motion to lay
on the table.
The question was taken on the motion to lay
on the table, and it was not agreed to.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
of the previous question the joint resolution was
passed.
Mr. SPALDING moved fo reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SALARIES OF GOVERNMENT EMPLOYES.
Mr. COBB. I asl£ unanimous consent to offer
the following resolution:
Resolved, That in view of the enormous expenses of the
Government rendered necessary for the maintenance of
the Army and Navy for .the defense of the Government
against the existing rebellion, and the onerous tax<;s im-
posed upon the people for the purpose of meeting such ex-
penses, it is the sense of this House that no law ought to
be enacted whereby the salary or compensation or any
class of employes of the Government shall be raised or in-
creased.
Objection was made, and the resolution was not
received.
DISCHARGE OF COMMISSIONED OFFICERS.
Mr. ORTH,by unanimous consent, offered the
following resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquhe into the expediency of providiner by
law for the discharge of commissioned officers in the volun-
teer service, if desired by such officers, at the expiration
of their original term of enlistment, without reference to
intervening promotion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I insist on
the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The next order is resolu-
tions calling for information from the Executive
Departments lying over under the rule.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think that
we have gone far enough with the regular order,
and I move that the orders be suspended, and
that the House resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. PENDLETON. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me for a moment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will do so.
CABINET OFFICERS IN CONGRESS.
Mr. PENDLETON. When the committees
were called this morning, 1 neglected to make a
statement to the House, which I desire now to
make—that the select committee on admitting*
heads of Executive Departments upon the floor of
the House have made their report, which is in the
hands of the printer; and I shall ask the action
of the House on it atihe earliest possible moment
after the holidays.
Mr. FRANK. I ask the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Washburne] to yield to me a moment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, ofillinois. I will do so,
TRADE WITH CANADA.
Mr. FRANK, by unanimous consent, offered
the following lesolution; which was read, consid-
ered, and agreed to:
Resolvedj That the Secretary of the Treasury &e directed '
