THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PllOCEEDINGS OF • CONGRESS,
PUBLISHED BY F. 1
fc J. RIVES,
WASHINGTON, I). C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session. SATURDAY,
FEBRUARY 18, 1865.
New Series No. 54.
were disposed of, either referred or acted upon.
Now, I ask the Senator whether it is leasonable
for us at this period of the session to stop our de-
liberations when all the important bills of the
session remain unacted upon for the purpose of
considering this question. When this gentleman
has had these papers in his possession for more
than sixty days, when he Had the right at any
day to present them and call.on us to decide the
question raised by them, is it reasonable, I ask,
to present them at this period of the session, and
ask us to postpone all the important business of
the session for the purpose of considering them?
It seems to me it is not; and, therefore, without
going into the merits of the proposition, which is
a very grave and difficult one,-upon which I my-
self have not made up my opinion, although I
have read and thought a great deal about it, I
submit whether, under the circumstances, the best
disposition is not to leave the question to be set-
tled by the next Congress.
The State of Virginia is now represented by
one Senator in this body. The State of West
Virginia is ably represented by two Senators.
The Senator-elect, or the person who claims to
act as the Senator-elect from Virginia, has slept
upon his rights for sixty, ay, seventy days, it
seems to me, therefore, that for the short period
of the term for which he was elected, only fifteen
days, it is scarcely worth while for us to delay
the ordinary businessofthecountry and stop and
deliberate upon his right to a seat which at any
rate will expire on the 4th day of March next.
The question when presented to the next Con-
gress will be one that we shall have ample time
to decide. It will be presented at the threshold
on the 4th of March next. No .doubt then a gen-
tleman churning to be a Senator from the State of
Virginia will present his credentials. Then we
can take up the matter and determine it. We
can take time, we can deliberate, we can get full
information on the subject; and we can dispose of
these grave politicalquestions withoutinterfering
with the public business. Wow we cannot. Under
the circumstances, therefore, I feel it my duty to
submit a motion that the credentials do lie upon
the table.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will ask the Senator
from Ohio to withdraw the motion for a moment
and I will renew it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I cannot do it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will make the same
motion after having submitted a remark or two.
Mr. SHERMAN. I could not withdraw it
without giving rise to further debate.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is not debatable. The motion is not withdrawn.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Then I wish to say a
word on a question of order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
will state his point of order.
Mr. McDOUGALL. This is a question of priv-
ilege. It is the right of the person who comes
here to take his place on the floor, claiming the
same right as any other Senator from any other
State to have the question considered. The ques-
tion presented is one of privilege, as the Chair has
ruled; and what does" privilege " mean ? It means
thatit is the right of the question to be heard, and
it is not subject to the rules by which any other
question can be laid on the table and action upon
it denied. That is involved in the very proposition
by its very first ter*is. The presentation of cre-
dentials, and the action of the Senate upon them
does not belong to the ordinary course of business,
and is not governed by the common rules of bus-
iness.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will state to the Senator that when a poini of
vorder is made it must be decided, like the other
question, without debate.
Mr.McDOUGALL. I raise the point«f order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understands the point of order.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The point of order is
this: that the motion to lay tlus question on the
54
table is not in order when any Senator desires to
debate it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair has
no hesitation upon the point. The question is a
privileged question, to come up upon motion be-
fore the Senate; but when it is before the Senate
it is, like any other subject, to be disposed of by
the action of the Senate.
Mr. McDOUGALL. But debate cannot be de-
barred by a motion to lay on the table.
The PRESIDENT protenipore. The Chair has
no question on the point. Debate is notin order.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I appeal from the decis-
ion of the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. From the
decision of the Chair an appeal is taken; and the
question is, Shall the decision of the Chair stand
as the judgment of the Senate?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to make an in-
quiry of the Senator from Ohio, whether his mo-
tion be to lay the credentials upon the table, or
the proposition to refer the credentials to the com-
mittee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. In the opinion
of the Chair, a motion to lay the motion to refer
on the table would carry the credentials with it,
so that no question of that kind arises. The
question now is, Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the sense of the Senate?
The question being put, the decision of the
Chair was sustained.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now is on the motion to lay the credentials upon
the table.
Mr. SUMNER and Mr. McDOUGALL called
for the yeas and nays, and they were ordered;
and being taken resulted—yeas 29, nays 13; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, liuckalew, Chandler,
Clark, Collainer, Cormess, Cowan, Davjs, Doohttle, Far-
well, Foster, Hale, Harlan, Howard, Howe, Morgan, Mor-
rill, Nye, Powell, Kamsey, Sherman, Sprague, Sumner,
Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Dixon, Hendricks, Johnson, Lane of In-
diana, Lane of Kansas, McDougall, Nesmitli, Pomeroy,
Richardson, Saulsbury, Van Winkle, Willey, and Wright
—13.
ABSENT—Messrs. Carlile, Foot, Grimes, Harding, Har-
ris. Henderson, Riddle, and Stewart—8.
So the motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed the following bills of the
Senate:
A bill (S. No. 212) for the relief of Henry A.
Brigham; and
A bill (S. No. 410) to enlarge the port of entry
and delivery for the district of Philadelphia.
Themessage further announced thattne House
had passed the following bills and joint resolu-
tions, in which it requested the concurrence of
the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 710) to extend the time for
the completion of certain railroads to which land
grants have been made in the States of Michigan
and Wisconsin;
A bill (H.*R. No. 735) in relation to marriages
in the District of Columbia;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 166) to provide
for mustering out of the military service certain
non-commissioned officers and privates who en-
listed to fill old regiments; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 167) for the re-
lief of John Wells and sons,
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills; which thereupon received the sig-
nature of the President pro tempore of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 407) to authorize the establish-
ment of ocean mail steamship service between the
United States and China;
A bill (S. No. 410) to enlarge the port of entry
and delivery for the district of Philadelphia;
A bill (S. No. 212) for the relief of Henry A.
Brigham; and
A joint resolution (S.R.No. 42) to extend the
time for the reversion to the United States of the
lands granted by Congress to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad from Pere Marquette to Flinty
and for the completion of said roaa.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. GRIMES. I present the petition of R.
B. Forbes, of Boston, Massachusetts, who rep-
resents that he is the a^ent and part owner of the
steamship Meteor, which was built and fitted
specially to cruise for confederate vessels; that •
she has been tested by supervising officers de-
tailed by the fravy Department, who pronounced
her to be very fast; that he has offered her for
other tests—a run between Boston and Port Royal
and back; that after the reduction of Fort Fisher
the Secretary of the Navy does not feel justified
in buying her; and he prays that Congress may
make an appropriation to buy her. I move that
the petition be referred to the Committee on Na-
val Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
•Mr. MORGAN presented a memorial of citi-
zens of New York, praying for the passage of a
law making uniform regulation throughout the
United States of the times, places, and manner of
holding elections for Senatois and Representa-
tives, except a9 to the place of choosing Senators,
defining the qualifications requisite for electors,
and abrogating such regulations prescribed by
the Legislatures m each State or otherwise as
may be inconsistent therewith; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. POMERQY presented a memorial of M.
B. Duffield, marshal of the Territory of Arizona,
praying that the accounting officers of the Treas-
ury be directed to audit and settle his accounts
as marshal of said Territory, notwithstanding
the informality and illegality of his official bond,
and askingfor additional compensation and reim-
bursement for extraordinary expenses in the dis-
charge of his duties as marshal; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. JOHNSON presented a petition of Mary
A. Culley, widow of Langley B. Culley, praying
for compensation for services rendered by her
husband as naval constructor; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. HENDRICKS presented the resolutions
of the Legislature of Indiana in favor of an ex-
tension of the time for the completion of the
Grand Rapids and Indiana railroad; which were
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SUMNER presented a memorial of Wil-
liam W. Thayer, guardian of Charles A. Hich-
born, son of Alexander Hichborn, acting assist-
ant surgeon " on contract," who was killed at the
battle of Chancellorsville, May 3, 1863, praying
for the passage of an act defining the rank that
said Alexander llichboin held in the Army at the
time of his death, and the amount of pension that
should be paid to his son; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. FOSTER presented a petition of officers
of steamers, praying for the establishment of a
light-ship at or in the vicinity of Black Ledge at
the entrance of the eastern side of New London
harbor; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. POWELL presented a memorial of citi-
zens of tbe District of Columbia engaged in the
manufacture of cigars, remonstrating against the
proposed amendment to the revenue laws impos-
ing a tax of sixty cents per pound on all cigars
of domestic manufacture, and praying that to-
bacco be taxed in the leaf; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. ANTHONY presentedapetition of Mary
Mcllroy, praying for a pension; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Chums.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN" AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Ciahns be discharged
ft oris ihe lurthei consideration of the memorial of Daniel
W. Whitney; and that he have leave to withdraw the
same aud the papers accompanying it.
