THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
to inform this House under what law goods, wares, mer-
otaadi**!, produce* &cM are permitted to pass from the
States through Canada, and again into the United
Suite's.
CARE OF REFUGEE INDIANS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Interior,
transmitting, in accordance w th the proviso of
the second section of the act of June 25, 1864, ac-
counts of the superintendent and agents of the
Southern superintendency having charge of refu-
gee Indians, for the second quarter of 1864; which
was laid on the table,and ordered to be printed.
SALE OF GOLD BY GOVERNMENT.
Mr. COX. I ask unanimous consent to offer
the following resolution;
Resolved, That the Secretary ofthe Treasury be directed
to communicate to this Hou*e what, if any, amount of
gold in the Treasury of the United Suites, not necessny for
the payment of interest on the public debt, has been dis-
posed, of under the joint resolution approved Maich 17,
2864, what amounts and the various times when the same
were disposed of, at what rates, and what agents were em-
ployed in the transaction.
Mr. STEVENS, i do not know that I under-
stand altogether the object of this resolution, and
therefore I insist on theregularorder of business.
Mr. COX. I do not wish to cast any reflection
on the Secretary of the Treasury or on any offi-
cer connected with the Treasury Department; but
I think that these facts are necessary for future
legislation.
Mr, STEVENS. It may be so; and perhaps
by to-morrow, when 1 shall have examined the
matter, I may think so myself; but 1 prefer that
the resolution should go ov&v.
Mr. COX. If the lesolution be offered now it
will go over, under the rule, until to-morrow; and
meanwhile the gentleman can examine it.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not object to its being"
offered, but to its consideration at the presenttime.
The SPEAKER if there be no objection,
the resolution will be considered as offered, and
will go over under the rules.
There was no objection.
BUREAU of educational statistics.
Mr. PRUYN, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution; which was read, consid-
ered, and agreed to:
Resohetl} That it be referred to the Committee of Ways
ftnd Means to inquire into and rcpoit upon thu expediency
of creating in the Department ot the liuetior a buieuu on
the statistics of education.
# Mr. W ASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now in-
sist ojfi my motion that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union; and be-
fore that motion is put, I trust it will be under-
stood by unanimous consent that no business
shall be transacted after the committee rise.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to that
understanding?
Objection was made.
The motion of Mr. Wasxiburne, of Illinois, to
go into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union was agreed to.
president's message.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Gar-
field in the chair,) and resumed the considera-
tion of the President's annual message.
Mr. A. MYERS. Mr. Chairman, I shall,
without having made any special prepaiation,
trouble the committee this afternoon with a few
remarks in reference to that great question of
" homogeneity" which seems to have so much at-
tracted the attention of this House. When, sir,
on Wednesday last, the honorable gentleman fiom
New York [Mr. Brooks] rose m ins place, 1
have no doubt that this House expected to hoar
olii argument filled with statistics, sparkling with
poetry, and glowing with eloquence, m favor of
the constitutional amendment tor the abolition of
slavery. But, sir, how much were we disap-
pointed to find that that able effort was vainly
spent—may 1 be allowed to use that language?—
in theattempt to show that" homogeneity "among
the different sections of the same nation is a fal-
lacy; that the slaveholdmg rebel** of the aristo-
cratic South and the liberty-loving fathers of this
Republic had somewhat analogous causes of quar-
rel; that those southern rebels could not be eon- I
quered; that, had their complaints been listened
to, this war mij*ht have been averted; that negotia-
tions might cure our national ills; and yet no
remedy was proposed provided the rebels would
accept peace only on the basis of their inde-
pendence.
Is it not singular, Mr. Chairman, that those
who are acknowledged able statesmen and his-
torians either do not know, or, in their forensic
efforts against the right conceal, the distinction
between a revolutionist and a rebel?
I presume, sir, since we last met we have all had
the pleasure of getting off our stump speeches m
our different districts and although I occupy that
lamentable position,so that it may be said, "never
again will I be heard here," yet I rejoice when i
know I come not back, not because I hated treason
too much, while others come not back because
they loved it, " npt wisely but too well."
Sir, we all love that doctrine that far down in
the strata of society there exists the right of revo-
lution. The ttue revolutionist is always the truly
loyal man; he hates treason as much as tyranny,
and both as he does Satan. What does such a
citizen first do? Fie carries his ease to the judi-
ciary of the country; he pleads with and petitions
the delegated sovereignty *of his nation, wherever
it ma"y be lodged, again and again for a redress
of grievances; and after all that he can do agree-
ably to either the form or spirit of law has failed—
and his rights still trampled upon, his wtongs un-
redressed, tyranny yet implacable, and despotism
unmoved by his appeals, prayers, or petitions,
then he resorts to his hyst remedy—then he asserts
the rights to which his and nature's God entitle
him,and justly becomes the revolutionist. Like
such a man were the signers of the Declaration
of Independence—they were revolutionists, not
rebels.
The rebel is one who, having no real and often
not even an imaginary grievance, but because he
cannot always moid the social compact to which
he belongs into that form which his diabolical
heart, tyrannical head, and unclean hands desire,
determines that such Government shall either be
changed to suit his purposes or he will, without
judicial sanction, without petition, forcibly, bel-
ligerently, and treasonably, set up a Govern-
ment of his own, antagonistic to that to which
he owes allegiance. Such a man, sir, is not a
revolutionist, but a rebel, a traitoi. lie does not
believe in the homogeneity of a nation unless it
is homogeneous with himself. To such a class
belong Breckinridge—John C., I mean—Lee,
Wigfall, Jeff, Davis, and the devil, [laughter,]
and, Air. Chairman, nil, all who agree with them.
Wc were asked, Why not have toleration? Tol-
eration, it is said, is the very essence of religion.
Yet, sir, who ever heard that true religion of any
kind ever sanctioned slavery? Nay, more, who
ever heard that a false religion sanctioned the
slavery of its own votaricsatall? Who ever heard
that the doctrine of any kind of religion believed
in the enslavement of its own race and religion?
It is said that the New Testament and the great
Founder of our religion did not wish to destroy
slaveiy. If that be so, was it not because it
would produce a greater evil, and that was, the de-
struction of the Government m which it existed?
So, sir, of us. So, sir, of the American Union.
The love of country has ever been spoken of by
the poetand oratoras next to that principle which
stands next to the love of God. Will you tell me
that this country is an exception? Is u true that
the American loves his country as much as the
citizen of any other land? So true was it that the
love of country was the paramount feeling of
citizens of the United States, that we adhered
to a Union even when some ofthe fathers of the
country said that the Union protected slavery,
and in order to save that Union we were sold to
slavery. We bowed before it. We yielded; we
yielded to its demands. But when slavery under-
takes to destroy the life of the Union, as it has
done; when that principle boldly declares that it
is the assassin of this Union, the loyal man
swears'upon his country's altar that slavery itself
shall die.
Why, sir, are we told that had their complaints
been listened to this war mi^hthave been avei ted ?
Now, sir, to use a plain expression, I defy any
man, any member of this House, any man who
occupies a position either upon this floor or else-
where in the country, 1 appeal even to the hon- ;
orablegentleman from New York, [!Yli. Brooks.]
and now is the time, and this the occasion, to teii
me what cause of complaint the rebels have. It
cannot be done. No honorable gentleman upon
this floor can tell this H-unse, wh.u cause of com-
plaint the rebels have. They cannot, do more
than Alexander H. Stephens, the brightest intel-
lect of the southern confederacy, could do. He
admitted, down toNovembei, i860,that they had
no cause of complaint. Why, then, assert it again
and again, here and elsewhere.*
Why, sir, not only in these Halls, but before
the people, public men have stated that the South
had claims to which the North refused to listen,
listening to which we could have avoided this war.
The honorable gentleman from New Yoik, able
as he is. great as aie his po wei s, cannot mention
one just cause of complaint which the South had.
Out, they tell us we cannot conquer the South.
Ah, sir, I thought that the Chicago convention
and its platform had been forgotten here, since the
seal of condemnation had so significantly been
placed upon it by the people. 1 had the pleasure
of addressing the people of Philadelphia a few
nights before the November election. I told
them they must stretch stronger telegraph wires
from pole to pole, for when the thundering voice
of the Union majority should come over those
wires they would be found too weak to carry the
news. And, sure enough, the stoi m of Union vic-
tories came sweeping alongand broke down those
wires, so that away up in the country we were
kept in suspense seveial days before we knew
what was the exact result. True, we heard the
thunder, but had to wait for the lightning. When
it did come, however, it was all on one side. Yes,
sir, there was homogeneity on that occasion, and
it was of a very satisfactory character to all who
loved country more than party.
Cannot conquer the South ! It is but a reitera-
tion of the doctrine laid down at Chicago, which
stuited out with the assertion of a falsehood—a
small one, not near as large a one as I should have
expected from the source from which it emanated.
It was asserted that four years of war had been a
failure, while at that time four years of war had
not existed. But the most stupendous falsehood
is found in the fact that at the outbreak of the
rebellion the rebels claimed about eight hundred
and fifty thousand square miles of territory, while
at the time of the holding the Chicago conven-
tion they could claim only two hundred and fifty
thousand sijuare miles. And now, I ask, was
ever there so great a falsehood as that—a lie
six hundred thousand square miles in extent?
[Laughter.]
We cannot conquer the rebels! Sir, it looks
very much now us though that prophetic declara-
tion was about to be proved untiue. We are
told that we must have an armistice, negotiation,
must exhaust all the arts of statesmanship, and
have a national convention. Sir, we have peace
commissioners. They are Grant, Shei nun,Sher-
idan, Thomas, and Farragut. We have our na-
tional convention, and the delegates to it are the in-
vincible soldiers and sailors of the Union, clothed
in the royal purple of the nation,the Union blue;
and they are now debating that question, and with
all their powers are attempting its adjudication.
Sir, they are calling the previous question on the
rebels, and will soon table them effectually.
A national convention ! Sir, that is but a repe-
tition, as I said before, of the doctrine of the Chi-
cago platform. And yet the whole matter is em-
braced in a negative. Even the able gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] after his eloquent
argument—based upon many facts, I admit—
thrilling as it did this House, what did he say?
He says he does not know what he will do He
just says ho proposes no remedy. That is the doc-
trine of negation, with all due respect to th" gen-
tleman. It is but the fish that was warmed into
life in the sea of politics in which Buchanan ex-
isted. There was war before Abraham Lincoln
took the oath of office or James Buchanan ceased
to warm the presidential chair. Actual war ex-
isted in this country, and while that was the case,
James Buchanan said, Accouling to the Constitu-
tion of the United States, you have no right to
secede, but ticcoiding to that Constitution I can-
not prevent you from ■seceding. Every school-boy
j knows that two negatives are equivalent to an
! affiimative, and therefore, "Go ahead," said
I James Buchanan. The doctrine of negation has
