85Q
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17.
    _j
act therein named; which was read twice by its
title, and leferred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 114) authorizing additional
copies of public documents to be printed for the
Department of State; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Printing.
REPUDIATION OF REBEL DEBT.
Mr. SUMNER. I submit the following con-
curient resolution. I should like to have it acted
upon at once if the Senate is ready to vote upon
it; if not let it lie on the table for the present:
Whereas certain persons have put in circulation the re-
port that 011 the suppression ot the rebellion the rebel debt
or loan may be recognized in whole or in part by the Uni-
ted States; and whereas such a report is calculatedtogive
a false value to such rebel debt or loan : Then-More,
Resolved by the Senate.(t iie House of Representatives con-
curring,) That Congress hereby declares that the rebel d<-bt
or loan is simply an agency of the rebellion which the Uni-
ted States can never, undei any circumstances, lecognize m
any part or in any way.
I should like to have the action of the Senate
now upon the resolution.
Mr. Saulsbury and Mr. McDougall objected.
Mr. SHERMAN. I heard two or three ob-
jections to the resolution, and I know it will give
rise to debate.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not think there will be
any debate upon it.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 heard several objections,
and I am satisfied it will give rise to debate.
Mr. SUMNER. If there is any objection, the
resolution cannot be considered.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the present
consideration of the resolution objected tor
Mr. SAULSBURY and Mr. McDOUGALL.
It is objected to.
The PRESIDENTprofmpwe. Objection be-
ing made, the resolution cannot be considered
to-day.
STATEMENT OF EXPORTS AND IMPORTS.
Mr. HARLAN submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
Rent, and agreed to:
Resolved* That the Secretary of the Treasury cause to
be prepared for the use of the Senate astatementof the ac-
tual values of merchandise imported into the United States
and exported to foreign countries for each year from IS57
to 1664, inclusive, with an analj sis of the conditions affect-
ing the external commerce of the country as regards the
completeness of the returns, arid the difteience in the val-
uations of imports and exports, as reported ; with an approx-
imate correction of these differences to a common standard,
and an exhibit of the balances resulting in each year;
also the movement of leading export staples and of the
precious metate during the game period, with the course
of foreign exchange.
NATAL APPROPRIATION lilT.L.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 676) makingap-
propriations for the naval service for the year end-
ing 30th June, 1866, the pending question being
on the amendment of Mr. Wade to add the fol-
lowing as additional sections to the bill:
Alii he it further enacted, That Use President, by and
Willi tin- advice ;uid consent of'llie Senate, shall appoint a
Board of Admiiaity, winch shall consist ot'ihe vice admiral,
one rear admiral, one commodore, one captain, one com-
mander, and one lieutenant commander, over which the de-
cretal of the Navy oi the olfieeroi highest rank pi escnt shall
preside; and when the subject under con,mention shall
appertain to the duties of any bureau in the Navv Depart-
ment the cliicf" of such bureau shall he a member of tile
boaid, and entitled to felt and vote on the subject.
Sue.—, djxl be itfudher enacted, That the heard shall
deliberate in common and advise the Secretin- on any
matters relating to naval oiganizanon, naval legislation,
the construction, equipment, and armanu nt of vc.se]?.
liavy-yards, and other naval establishments, and the direct
tion, employment, and disposition of the naval forces in
time of wai when required by hmi. All sueii opinions shall
be recorded.
i^c.' be it further enacted, That no ve--sel-of-war
shall be built or materially altered, nor any yuns of new
construction oideied or adopted, not any engine lot any
vessel-ot war adopted orordi-red. nor any pernianent-true-
ture lor naval service e-tccuted, until the plans, primates,
proposals, and contracts (or the same shall have been sub-
mitted to the boaid, and it? opinion and advice thereon
communicated m wiitnet lo tin* Secietaiy; nor shall any
patented invention be boimlitor adopted lor tin; naval t-ei-'
vice without tlis-t the opinion of tin' board thireon having
been taken ; and all experiment* to test inventions ami
naval piaiis and strnctilies shall be conducted under the
inspeclirm of the board, or members ihereo! named by the
fcleeretary, and submitted to the board loi its opinion there-
on, and all courts-maitial ordered by the Seerelary of the
Navy shall be detailed by the board.
Site.—. And bt it Juither enacted, That all Invitations
On motion of Mr. FOSTER, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Abraham Lahsinjr, pray-
ing for a pension for injuries received while m the naval
service during the war of IBM, with the adverse repoit of
the Committee on I'ensions thereon, be taken from tile
files and recommitted to the Committee on Pensions.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
Samuel L. Gerould, praying for certain allow-
ances due to him while acting as clerk and re-
porter to a court-martial, submitted a report ac-
companied by a bill (S. No. 450) for the relief of
Samuel L. Gerould; which was read and passed
to a second reading, and the report was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred
a bill (S. No. 437) to continue in the service of
the United States certain troops in the State of
Missouri, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. DIXON, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the pe-
tition of certain colored persons of the city of
Washington, praying for a charter under the name
of the Colored Benevolent Association of Wash-
ington city, reported a bill (S. No. 451) to incor-
porate the Colored Union Benevolent Associa-
tion; Vhich was read and passed to a second
reading.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (II. R. No.
389) for the relief of Mary Shircliff, reported it
without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
■was referred the bill (H. R. No. 314) for the re-
lief of Harriet and Emily W. Morris, unmarried
Bisters of the late Commodore Henry W. Morris,
reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of James R. Royce,
praying to be allowed the bounty of $100 provi-
ded by law in case of discharge by reason of dis-
ability occasioned by wonntls received in battle,
reported a joint resolution (S. R.No. 112) for the
relief of James B. Royc°; which was read and
passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of William P. Robin-
son, praying for compensation to cover expenses
incurred by reason of the fatal wounding of his
soil Lieutenant James S. F^obinson, when in pur-
suit of deserters, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration, and that it be referred to
the Committee on Claims; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 454) granting a
pension to Thomas Booth, reported it with
amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred the petition of Josephine Rice, widow
of Brigadier General James C. Rice, praying for
a pension, asked to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred a bill (S. No. 311)
for the relief of W. H. and C. S. Duncan, re-
ported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a petition of Charles Taylor, of Vic-
toria county, Texas, praying for compensation
for services rendered and supplies advanced to
the United Slates at Chicago, in the State of Illi-
nois, during the Black Hawk war, in 1832, sub-
mitted an adverse repot t; which was ordered to be '
printed.
ASSISTANT COLLECTOR Of JERSEY CITY.
Mr. TEN EYCK. The Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of citizens of
the counties of Hudson and Bergen, New Jersey,
the memorial of several members of the Legisla-
ture of the State of New Jersey, the memorial of
the mayor and common council of Jersey City,
New Jersey, the memorial of the common coun-
cil of Bergen, New Jersey, the memorial of the
mayor and common council of the city of Hobo- !
ken, New Jersey, the memorial of the mayor 'i
and common council of Hudson City, New Jtr- 'i
sey, and the memorial of owners and masters of j
coasting vessels owned ill whole or in j.att by f
residents of the counties of Hudson and Ber«-e;i, ■'
$few Jersey, praying that the " Act to annex a
part of the State of New Jersey to the collection
Sistrict of New York, and to appoint an assist-
ant collector to reside at Jersey City," approved
February 21, 1863, may be so amended that the
said assistant collector shall have the charge of
loading and unloading vessels to and from for-
eign ports, the warehousing of merchandise, and
be empowered to enroll and license coasting ves-
sels owned in whole or in part in the counties of
Bergen and Hudson, have had all these petitions
under consideration, and have instructed me to
report the same back, accompanied by a bill;
and as it is a very small matter, I ask that the
bill be put on its passage now.
The bill (S. No. 454) supplemental to an act
entitled "An act to annex a part of the State of
New Jersey to the collection district of New
York, and to appoint an assistant collector to re-
side at Jersey city," approved February 21,1863,
was read a first time by its title.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from New Jersey asks the unanimous consent of
the Senate to put the bill justreported on its pas-
sage. Js there any objection?
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand that it ap-
points a new officer, and I, therefore, object.
Mr.TEN EYCK. itdoesnotdo so. Itsimply
authorizes an officer to grant licenses for vessels
in that district.
Mr. SHERMAN. It makes no new officer?
Mr. TEN. EYCK. None at all, and no new
expense.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I shall interpose no
objection.
There being no objection, the bill was read a
second time and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It proposes to authorize the assist-
ant collector appointed underthe act of February
21, 1863, to enroll and license, according to the
laws of the United States, all vessels engaged in
the coasting trade and fisheries owned in whole or
in part by residents of the counties of Hudson and
Berg-en, in the State of New Jersey, and all such
enrollments and licenses are to be as valid and
effectual as if the same had been effected in any
other port of the United States; and the assistant
collector, in the enrollment and licensing of ves-
sels, is to be subject to the laws of the United
States, and liable to all the penalties and responsi-
bilities imposed upon collectors in like eases.
The bill was luported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now call for the un-
finished business.
Mr. ANTHONY. Let us get through with
the morning business first.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio to post-
pone all prior orders and proceed to the consid-
eration of the unfinished business of yesterday,
the naval appropriation bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope we shall be allowed
to get through with the reports of committees and
the introduction of bills.
Mr. SUMNER. I trust the Senator from Ohio
will withdraw his motion for a few moments.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 have no objection to with-
drawing it for the introduction of bills, but I do
not wish any motion to postpone prior orders and
take up another bill to be interposed. 1 will yield
for the ordinary morning business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is withdrawn. The introduction of bills and joint
resolutions is now in older.
INTRODUCTION OP BILLS.
Mr. WILfeON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
452) to incorporate "the Capitol Hotel Com-
pany" in Washington city, Districtof Columbia;
which was redd twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
453) to piovide for the construction of certain
wagon road« in the Territories of Idaho, Mon-
tana, Dakota, and Nebraska; winch was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Territories.
Mr. DIXON asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution (S.
R. No. 113) authorizing certain banksin the Dis-
trict of Columbia to accept the provisions of an
