1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
851
for plans or proposals for any of the works above mentioned
shall lie prepared by tlie board, subject to the approval of
tiie Secret™ y; and all bids or ofiers or proposals for the same
shall be opened iu the presence ol the board, and the awaid
made by it, subjectto the approval of the Secretary.
Sec. —. Jlnd be it fwiher enacted, That the Secretary
may add to the board, from time to time, other officers of
the Navy eligible to the position of chief of bureau, not ex-
ceeding three, at any time tor consultation 011 any of the
above subjects. The boaul may take the opinion of emi-
aentpractical cngineeis, mechanics, machinists, and archi-
tects, in their respective branches of art or industry, when
in their opinion the public service will be promoted by it,
and pay them such reasonable compensation as the Secre-
tary may approve.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President 
Mr. SHERMAN. Before the Senator from
Now Hampshire proceeds I wish to move that
at half past four o'clock to-day the Senate take
a recess until seven o'clock. I have consulted
with Senators,and I think that will be the better
plan.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, it is s&me weeks
since in the morning hour, on a resolution intro-
duced by the honorable Senator from Kentucky,
[Mr. Davis,] I endeavored to submit so'^ie views j
of mine in regard to questions of interest in the$
administration of the Navy Department and jf
will be within the recollection of the Chai&andJ>T
everybody else that taxes his memory will sgpch
trifling history, that I made three successtw'at-
tempts to finish my remarks, and by the expira-
tion of the hour that was allotted to the consid-
eration of such matters I was cut off each time,
and failed in my endeavor to get the Senate to
make it a special order, and I shall now improve
the opportunity which is presented by the con-
sideration of this bill making appropriations for
, the naval service, to close as well as I may what
I intended then to have said.
But before I proceed to make square work of it
I will endeavor to answer a question which was
propounded to mc by the honorable Senator from
Maryland, [Mr. Johnson,] who asked me if I had
any knowledge who it was that had instructed a
committee or commission that was sent out by
the Navy Department to Boston and Portsmouth
to make inquiries into my conduct, who it was
that had constituted a committee of pimps and
spies, sent out by the Navy Department, into a
board of censorship over the members of the Sen-
ate to try them for the duties they had performed
here. 1 was careful not to say anything on that
point at that time. Though I had undoubted con-
victions in my own mind, I preferred not to ex-
1 press them here. I will state now that I do not
know of my own knowledge who was the author
of the instructions that were sent; but upon evi-
dence on which I rely, evidence which satisfies
my mind beyond any mistake, and as well as I
am satisfied of the vast majority of facts that 1
know upon the testimony of others, I do know
that, it was the Assistant Secretary of the Navy
who sent a board of pimps and spies to Boston
and Portsmouth, instructing them to inquire es-
pecially into ajiy connection that I might have
had with any contracts for the Navy Department;
and they had written instructions.
I would ask the honorable Senator from Mary-
land, who hears me, if a committee were sent out
by the Senate and went to procure certain evi-
dence, and they were found having written in-
structions in their hands as to how they were to
proceed, whether he would have any great doubt
in his own mind about where the instructions camc
from. I take it the fact of itself thatthe commit-
tee were thus sent would be conclusive evidence.
,Mr. GRIMES. It is due to the Assistant Sec-
retary of the Navy to say that he utterly denies
in the most positive terms—and his communica-
tion to the Senate on that subject will be laid on
the table of the Senate very shortly—that he gave
any such instructions, or that such instructions
were given to anybody. I will state further, that
I have seen the letter ofinstruction, of which these
remarks in relation to the Senator according to
the speech that he made here some days ago pur-
ported to be a part, and that it is an entire inter-
lineation, and is not in the copy in the Navy De-
partment.
Mr. HALE. I have not a doubt on that sub-
ject that the Assistant Secretary of the Navy
would deny it any more than 1 have that he gave
the instructions. In regard to the matter being
|in interlineation, it happens, unfortunately for
that version bfthe fctory,'that the paperof whtch
I spoke and which was furnished to me at Ports-
mouth, where it was dropped by one of thecom-
mittee, contained all the instructisns, and there is
no interlineation. The statement referred to is
not a part of anything else; it is the whole paper;
there is nothing else of it, nothing interlined, noth-
ing erased. I do not want to make any contro-
versy on that subject; but whenever the report of
which the Senator speaks does come to the Sen-
ate I can prove, if human testimony can prove
anything, and I can prove it by a man who had
the confidence of the Navy Department at that
time, that if Mr. Fox was not the author of that
identicab.paper he did give just exactly such in-
structions to another individual, and put him upon
that' tt*£ck,and made use of this classical phrase,
that^e was going to "camp on Hale's track."
I liave thus endeavored to answer the question
of t|ie Senator from Maryland; and whenever the
fa$t can be brought to an issue, not before a naval
c$urt-martial, composed of retired naval officers
/Whose favor depends upon rendering a verdict
^uch as is required of them; but whenever the mat-
'ter is submitted to any impartial tribunal that un-
derstands the force of evidence, I can prove the
truth of what I have stated beyond controversy
and beyond mistake, because that evidence has
been submitted tome and I have not the shadow
of a doubt upon it.
In that connection I want to say to the Senator
from Kentucky, who introduced the resolution for
appointing a committee on corruptions, that I
think it is due to the Senate, before they institute
any more committees of inquiry, that they protect
the witnesses who are called before them, and do
not suffer them to he seized and incarcerated the
moment they have left the jurisdiction of the Sen-
ate, where they have been testifying in obedience
to a call and summons of the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. I think that ought to be done.
Mr. HALE. I think it ought to be done, too.
I now proceed to conclude the remarks on the head
upon which I was speaking when I was inter-
rupted by the expiration of the hour in which I
was speaking.
I wasspeakingin reference to the frauds which
the committee of investigation, of which I was a
member, had disclosed, and about which no ac-
tion has yet been taken. After examining agood
deal of testimony, and finding the most astound-
ing fact t)iat where there was a single bidder his
bid was raised one hundred, two hundred, and
sometimes three hundred per cent., we were at a
loss to know by what particularagency the knowl-
edge came to the bidders which enabled them so
to bid. We were at a loss to know how it was
that no single individual putting in bids varying
nearly one hundred per cent, from his original
bids,should yet be able to get them in atone or two,
or not exceedingfive cents below the next highest
bidder, so as in every case to secure the bid to
himself. After considerable investigation, having
been baffled a great many times, we at last found
a witness who gave us what to my mind was a
sufficient clue, and I will read it to the Senate.
This man had stood pretty high in the estimation
of portions of the Navy Department. I read from
the report:7
" Near the close of the examination some direct evidence
was obtained from Mr. ha Murdock, formerly chief clerk
of the Bmeau of Steam Engineering, which, if it may be
relied upon, certainly goes far toward explaining at least
one of the mode* by which such knowledge may have been
obtained. He testifies Unit at the opening of the bids m
the Bureau of Steam Engineering m ttie spring of 1803. on
the day for opening them, they were opened and enteied
on the schedule in presence of various parlies who were
present and fieeiy examined them all. Mr. II. I). Stover"—
He it was who got the contract at every yard
on that occasion—
"was not present at this opening, but a Mr. Alnsworth
Brown, his agent, who acted for him, was. No bids trom
Stover were presented or opened on that day, but the next
morning this same Mr. Brown, who was present at the
opening of the day previous, and of course knew what each
and all of the bids were, appeared at the office of tiie Chief
of the Bureau of Steam Engineeimg with a number of bids
in the name ofMr. Stover, which were accepted, and were
successful."
That was a pretty satisfactory explanation.
Stover's assent stood by on the day appointed by
law for the opening of the bids, heard them all,
took memoranda of them, noted the prices, and
the next day came in with bids from two to five
cents below every bidder, and took every con-
tract himself. Wh^n that fact came out it im-
mediately ftyuntl ¥ta way "from this Capatbi \o the
other ftnd of the avenue, and certain official char-
acters connected with the Navy Department ware
busy in connection with the witness. They
manipulated him, and came in themselves and
attempted to make a sort of explanation which
anybody may find who wants to read it in the
report.
My attention was called to this mattei5 some-
what by freeing how these gentlemen were oper-
ating. I found out, and found out by accident,
that the most enormous frauds were being perpe-
trated right under my own nose in the navy-yard
within ten miles of where I live. I found there
that monkey-wrenches, the fair price of which
was from twelve to fifteen dollars a dozen, were
bought by the Navy Department at Portsmouth
for $150 a dozen. There were agreat many other
items in the contracts made at the same time quite
as extravagant as that. For example,two thou-
sand pounds of cotton-waste, the fair market value
of which was from thirty to forty cents a pound,
was obtained by the Department under contract at
eighty cents a pound; and when the contractors
had given all they could at this enormous price
under the contract, then as a matter of favor the
Government was asked to buy the rest, I believe,
at about thirty cents. A11 the articles in the same
bid to which I am now referring averaged one
hundred and fifty per cent, above the fair market
price of the articles. Take the item of anvils,
weighing about two hundred pounds, the fair
market value of which was thirty dollars; the
Government paid fifty dollars. Axes, handled,
worth $1 25 each, were obtained at three dollars.
Small axes, the fair price of which was seventy-
five cents, were furnished to the Government for
$1 50. Grindstones worth §4 50 each, were sold
to the Government for thirty dollars each. Scale-
beams worth $6 50, were sold for fifty dollars;
and so on the prices ranged throughout. Attention
being called to this, we had a committee of in-
vestigation, and that committee found, as every
man who will take the trouble to read the report
must see, that rottenness was the rule and cor-
ruption was the practice, and the Government
was being swindled beyond all credulity. We
have so reported, and no action has bteen taken
on that report, and yet the Senator from Ken-
tucky wants to have a standing committee raised
to find out frauds generally in the Government.
I have mentioned these facts as facts of his-
tory. I do not blame the Assistant Secretary
of the Navy for sending his commissioners to
Charlestown and Portsmouth to see if he could
not find out something that Hale had done. The
law of self-preservation, not to say of revenge,
was sufficient to instigate him on such an errand.
These facts, sir, cover over the history of the
transactions of the Navy Department, and they are
doing the same thing to-day, only in another form.
1 do not want to tell you what they all are; but
i will tell you one of the means by which these
frauds*are being perpetrated now. The Depart-
ment advertises for certain specific articles, de-
scribing them precisely. Let me suppose for a
moment that the article wanted is brick. The
advertisement describes the thickness and tho
length exactly. A man who is not inside the
ring, who is not sure that he has got a friend in
the Department, is afraid to put in anything but
the precise aiticle exactly according to the meas-
ure and width specified. Other men who under-
stand that they have friends at court will put in
a bid below the real price of the article, and when
the bid is put in and accepted they will have in-
structions sent from some of the bureaus of the
Navy Department to the officers of the different
yards to accept an inferior article; and it is being
done to-day; and that answers a double purpose;
for if the contractor turns out to be obnoxious to
any one of these men the fact that he has furnished
an inferior article will be a matter for which he
can be brought before a naval commission or
court-martial and s£nt to the State prison.
Now, Mr. President, I want to call attention to
another matter to show how this Department in
some of its bureaus is administered, and I Will
i(0 into this at some length, because itis of conse-
quence. There have been some remarkable facts
in the history of the Navy Department in the
Bureau of Yards and Docks. I do not speak
now of the fact which the repoit of the commit-
tee disclosed, and which is apparent, that the
hoe&i etf Uta BoKfau o^Obfeks ami Yards is in the
