86
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
atroyed the lives of thousands and tens of thou-
sands of our patriotic fellow citizens ? Sir, look
at our prisoners as they return from the South,
with nothing upon theirpersons but the skin that
covers their bones, and that pierced by the cruelty
of slavery and of treason. Do you tell me to be
kind to men who engage in such amusements as
dragging the corpses of our soldiers from their
graves, and afterward ornamenting their fiendish
fingers by trinkets made from the bones of Union
men? Do you tell me to be tolerant toward such
fiends as these? Oh! sir, no wonder that John
Wesley said that slavery is the " sum of all vil-
lainies." No wonder that Senator Sumner grew
eloquent when talking of its barbarity. And no
wonder that the American people have determined
that it shall die.
Yes, sir, we must take care of the defenders of
the nation. Sir, I suppose that the honorable
gentleman-.from New York, and many of those on
the other side who agree with him, ought to have
knowledge of many a case, presented by the
correspondence received at their desks from day
to day; and, sir, when we visit those hospitals
where we are called from time to time in the dis-
charge of our duty to our constituents, we see the
brave men who have periled all in defense of
their country, and whom we are bound to defend
by our legislation, sincerely, honestly, truly—
not by whining, hypocritical declarations, as was
done, I fear, by the Chicago convention. Sir,
why did not the honorable gentleman from New
York have some tears to shed over the sufferings
of our brave soldiers? Why should we have
lamentations and funeral panegyrics ov<*r that old
institution of slavery, which,, if not dead, is, like
error wounded, "writhing in pain, and dying
amid its worshipers?"
Sir, I hope gentlemen will take other cases to
weep over. Going to the hospital near the bat-
tle-field of Gettysburg they might have seen the
case of a young man who had left the home of
his mother when the war began, he, too, her only
support, sending herten dollars per month in what
some gentlemen call the depreciated currency of the
country, he upon thatbattle-fiold was shotdown,
that shot coming from rebel hands and rebel guns,
when laid upon his couch and carried to the hos-
pital, though his check had never blanched before,
though a tear had not coursed down his face—
who ever hears a Union soldier complain ?—yet
when the surgeon said that he could live no
longer, thinking of his widowed mother, tears
coursed down his checks, and rising on his pallet
bed exclaimed: " Who will take care of mother
now?" The Christian commission, by its agent,
was there to toll him what honorable gentlemen
ought to tell him, what this House ought to tell
him, and what the Union party does tell, that
'■God and a grateful country will take cute of
your mother now." That is the duty of our
parly. Such is the duty of this House.
. Shall we look to the future? I should like to
paint a picture of a few years to come. Let mo
advert to one thing, however, before 1 come to
that. Did it belong to this doctrine of homo-
geneity, did it belong to the doctrine of antag-
onism that the Governor of New York, after his
party said that they sympathized with the sol-
diers, went to the field and there by fraudulent
ballot-boxes attempted to defraud them of the
right of suffrage? Was that not a glorious pun-
ishment of Donahoe and Perry? They were im-
prisoned for life. 1 hope that they will live for a
hundred years. I hope when the soldier's child
stands up in the mother's parlor and asks " What
picture is that?" he will be told " That is the pic-
ture of Donahoe and Ferry, the miserable miscre-
ants who were in favor of the Chicago platform
and in favor of cheating the soldier out of his
vote." I want them to live a hundred yeais. It
is a glorious sentence. It is a good tiling to speak
about. It will afFord fourth-of-July orations to
the end of time. Our children and our children's
children will talk about Donahoe and Ferry,and
they will know to which party Donahoe and Ferry
belonged.
Sir, there is to be o future of our country, a
future more grand and more glorious than any-
thing we have yet had, and 1 wish that all of us
might live fifteen, twenty, or thirty years longer.
Then when walking along our streets, let us ask
that young man a question: " Wheie, young
man, is your father?" See him hesitate and scowl
as he answers, " My father, sir! I have not heard
of my father since 1864, and then I was a child;
they tell me, however, that my father was a cop-
perhead." Look at that other young man; ask
him where his father is? See how his eyes
sparkle. " They tell me," he replies," my father
went down on board the Cumberland; the winds
of the ocean sang the requiem of his death."
There is another youth, and let us ask where is
his father. He replies, "My father was with
the legions of liberty on the 3d day of July, at
the battle of Gettysburg, there, where the Union
soldiers, undera Pennsylvania leader, vanquished
the hosts of slavery, there my father was killed,
and now lies buried in the national cemetery."
Ask another where his father is. " My father,
sir, in 1863, was with the western army under
the gallant Hooker, and with the rest of them
went up, and on, and up still to Lookout mount-
ains, and there, above the clouds, with God look-
ing down upon the legions of the Union, as He
was inclosed in clouds when He gave the law to
Moses, so the army of freedom was enveloped by
the clouds when it gave forth the law of liberty
by the thun,ders of its artillery. There, sir, my
father died—upon that mountain top; and I thank
God he did his duty." Thatis the way the Union
men will speak in after days. You write an epi-
taph upon your grave-stone, which, after your
death, will sound sweetly to the ears of your
children. Ah, do not the members of this House
many of them regret that they will at least have
not served as you have who occupy that chair?
[Mr. Garfield in the chair.] The fathers
among us will have to regret that our children
cannot say that we have .fought the battles of our
country. Ah, but when we are gone will not
our children, when they come around our graves,
be able to say "Our father loved his country?"
Mr. Chairman, I would like to trouble the
House a little longer in showing the absurdity of
this doctrine that it is best for a nation not to be
homogeneous. Now, whetherthegentlenian from
New York shall remain in this House for years
to come or not; whoever, even of those whom
the storm of Unionism may have swept away for
the while, shall come back here, four, six, or ten
years hence, will have learned this lesson from
the people at least, that our people are homoge-
neous in this, that treason and slavery—being the
same thing now—must die, because they have
attempted the life of the nation. And when the
cause of the present evil shall have been done
away with the nation will go on and prosper and
be still more prosperous,and then they will hear
no more from able and eloquent statesmen of the
absurd ideas of State rights, and that a want of
homogeneity, a want of unity of purpose, and
a want of unity of thought and action, is the
strength of the nation.
Mr.' IIOSS. I had- flattered myself that after
the assembling of this session of Congress we
would be able calmly and dispassionately to ex-
amine and investigate the great questions which
are now agitating and distracting the public mind
of the nation. I regret very much the temper
and spirit with which the honorable gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. A. Myers] has seen fit
to entertain this House. I believe that gentle-
man and one other, the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] are the only two who
Jiave seen lit to allude to ccrtain individuals who
were defeated in the late canvass, and to bring
forward the old dead issues which were discussed
in'the late political campaign.
I say, sir, I flattered myself we would come
together in such a temper and spirit that we would
respond in some degree to the expectations of
our constituents by aiming to give peace and
harmony and prosperity again to this distracted
country. But, the gentleman has chosen a differ-
ent line of argument. He has seen fit to allude
to the action of a certain political party in their
national convention at Chicago. He has, in my
judgment, given a very wrong and improper con-
struction as to the true theory of the Government
itself. He ignores any rights in the States of this
Union. I know it is becoming a favorite theory
with gentlemen upon that side of the House that
the States of this Union have no rights, but that
we are a consolidated Government.
Sir, such a theory is not sustained by the history
of this country. These States were sovereign and
independent, but they surrendered certain portions
ofltheir powers and rights to the General Govern-
ment, and the General Government is paramount
and supreme to the extent of sueh delegated
powers, while all the powers not conferred upon
the General Government by the sovereign States
themselves, are held and maintained by the States
and the people respectively. So jealous were our
fathers in framing the Constitution that they pro-
vided a limit to the extent to which the General
Government might be permitted to go in the exer-
cise of its functions.
Then, I take it, it cannot be successfully con-
troverted that those powers not conferred on the
General Government still remain in the States and
in the people of this Union. There is nothing
wrong in the formation of the Government. The
ills which now surround our once glorious and
happy country do not grow out of any inherent
defect in the organic law under which we live.
The Constitution of the country is all right; it is
a perversion of the great principles of the Con-
stitution that has brought on the difficulties which
now surround and discompose this once glorious
and happy country.
I say that the General Government is limited in
its powers. Letthe General Governmentexercise
only those powers which are delegated to it, and,
sirs, there will be no collision between the Fed-
eral Government and the respective States of the
Union; we may go on, as we have done for sev-
enty-five years past, the States revolving around
the Union as a common center, without collision
or conflict, and no State will ever desire to sever
its connection with the General Government.
Why, sir, it was one of my boyhood's fancies
that X would live to see the day when we would
have an ocean-bound Republic. The idea that the
character of our Government endangers its per-
petuity is not true, if the Government is properly
administered. We may take in Canada, and Cuba,
and South America, and the islands of the sea, and
they may harmoniously revolve with the States
around the common center without any more dan-
ger of collision and conflict than there is in the
solar system itself, if the Government is properly
administered.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania has seen fit
to allude to the action of theChicaga convention,
and very unjustly too. The Chicago convention
did not resolve that the war had been a failure.
What they did resolve was the simple truth that
must be admitted and acknowledged by every
gentleman upon the Republican side of the II ouse,
and that was that the war had proved a failure to
restore the Union. That is what they said, and all
they said. I should like to see any gentleman
controvert satisfactorily the position there laid
down by the Chicago convention that this war
had proved a failure for the purpose of restoring
the Union. No such thing has ever been done.
The gentleman speaks of the extraordinary love
that he has for the soldier, and says that our pre-
tenses of love for the soldier are hypocritical. I
would call the attention of the committee and of
the country to the action of this body at its last
session upon some of these points. When I made
a personal appeal to the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to permit me to intro-
duce a proposition to amend a bill reported by
him, increasing the compensation of soldiers up
to twenty dollars a month, he refused to give me
that privilege, but called the previous question,
and the Republican majority sustained that call,
thereby cutting off either amendment or debate
upon the subject.
These men who love the soldier so well, as they
tell you, will permit him to undergo the fatigues
and hardships of camp life for the paltry sum of
fifty-three and one third cents a day; and when
we upon our side of the House asked that that
compensation should be increased to at last half
what the soldiers might get for ordinary labor at
home, the majority upon the other side refused to
permit us to make any such motion, or to entertain
the proposition.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will my colleague
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. ROSS. Yes, sir.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I want to ask liirn if
he ever voted for an appropriation bill to pay the
soldiers?
Mr. ROSS. I will answer that question. T
have uniformly voted foV ev.<ry appropriation that
has come up to pay the soldiers of the Army,un-
