852
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
habit of paying very large prices by contracts or-
dered by himself to his particular friend*. 1 do
not refer tu that now; but i refer merely to the
enlargement of navy-yards. The Secretary of
the Navy in various reports called attention to
the fact that the area of our navy-yards was not
large enough for the amount of business conse-
quent on the increase caused by the war. Ac-
cordingly, as early July 14, 186'2, Congress
made an appropriation of $14,500 for the purchase
of twenty-seven and three hundred and fifty-
five thousandth acres of land adjacent to the Kit-
tery navy-yard, in plain, unambiguous language,
■without dispute, without cavil m its terms; and
they added a further provision that the head of
the bureau should be authorized to buy another
piece of land if he saw fit. That law was not
executed, and hats not been to this day, and I
"want to show you alittie of the history of it. The
provision, I have said, was made by alaw of the
14th of July, 1863. On the 1st of October, 1869,
the head of the Bureau of Yards and Docks
"wrote a letter to the Secretary of the Navy giv-
ing the reasons why the law was not executed;
and what do you suppose they were? I will read:
il It has been suggested that the nppiopriation for the
twenty-seven and three hundred and fifty-five thousandths
acros adjacent to the navy-yard was intended by Congress
to embrace the land of Mrs. Paymaster Bridge, but it is not
so expressed. The boundary lines of the landofMrs. Bridge,
as will be seen by inference to the map, form a very ir-
regular plot of ground, running away from, and not adjacent
to, lite navy-yard. 
It so happens that this land lies exactly oppo-
site to the yard. It was as near to the navy-yard
as any land on the face of the earth could be, for
there was nothing but the river between it and the
land. Of course if you began near the river and
ran from it, the boundary would go away from
tke navy-yard; but if you began at the other end
and went to the river it would run toward it.
That is one of the sage reasons why the chief of
the Bureau of Yards and Docks did not execute
the law, because the land was runningaway from
the yard instead of being adjacent to it! Finding
out, as I thought, that it was the intention of the
head of that bureau, who had it under his control,
not to execute the law, I introduced a resolution
into the Senate at the commencement of the ses-
sion of December, 1862, which was passed, call-
ing on the Secretary to know if that law had been
executed, or if any attempts had been made to
negotiate for the purchase, and what obstacles, if
any, had prevented the intention of Congress from
being carried into effect. That resolution was
passed on the 3d of December, 1862, and on the
6th of December of the same year the Secretary
of the Navy answered that call of the Senate by
telling them that the information called for by the
resolution would be found in the report of the
chief of the Bureau of Yards and Docks, which
was communicated to both Houses of Congress
on the 1st instant, with the report of the Secretary
of the Navy accompanying the President's mes-
sage. By looking at that report you will find
that the chief of the bureau says this:
"In regard to the purchase of twenty-seven andthiee
hundred and fifty-five thousandths acres of ground on Sea-
vey's island, adjacent to the Portsmouth navy-yard, lor
which purchase §>14,500 was appropriated by act of July 14,
1S62, I have to remark that no great piogress has been
made. Upon examination of the premises, I found that a
public road had been established fiom the bridge, connect-
ing Seavey's island with the navy-yaad, across the whole
island."
He found that out "upon examination;" the
chief of the Bureau of Yards and Decks then for
the first time ascertained that there was a road!
He knew it just exactly as well as he knew that
there was a yard there.
" It has been suggested that the appropriation was In
tended to purchase the land and appurtcnances owned by
certain parties, but the law is not so expressed."
It is true it was not so expressed, but the mat-
ter was before a committee of conference, and the
chiefof the Bureau ofYards and Docks was there,
and the area of the land to be purchased was all
marked out in red lines, making exactly twenty-
seven and three hundred and fifty-five thousandths
acres, apd it was known just as well as any fact
oouid he known, and yet the chief of the bureau,
as an excuse for not executing the law, says he
did not know what land" was meant.
"The boundary line of the premises suggested as in-
tended to be purchased with the appropriation is very Irreg-
ular, and does not embrace such a pJut ofgruund as would
afford the best accommodations for naval and hospital pur-
poses.
"The road above referred to runs through the.se prem-
ises, and it would not be wise, in my opinion, to expend the
money appiopuated for the purchase ot twenty-M vm and
thiee hundred and fifty-live thousandths acies of ground
on this ij-land while this public easement remains and is
occupied assuch ; besides, the title required by law to be
obtained cannot be aequiied until the assent ot the State,
by grant of jurisdiction, shall be secured"—
It is sufficient- to say in answer to that that
there is no such law on the statute-book, and never
was. There is a law winch required the assent
of Maine to the purchase, but a law requiring the
assent of Maine to the jurisdiction is not on the
statute-book, was not at the time this was as-
signed as a reason, and never was.
" and the Legislature of the State of Maine does not as-
semble, f am informed, until next Januaiy, so that the
money could not be paid in any event till after Congress
assembles, and tberefoie I advise that the subject be sub-
mitted to it for further action."
Another session of Congress came round. This
law remained on the statute-books a dead letter
through the obstinacy of the chief of the Bureau
of Yurds and Docks. In the mean time the State
of Maine, on the 10th of January, 1863, had passed
this law:
"An Act ceding jurisdiction over certain lands on Seavey's
island, m the town of Kittery, United States.
"Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
in Legislature assembled, as follows: Sec. 1. Jurisdiction is
hereby granted and ceded to the United States of America
over such portion of Seavey's island, in the town of Kit-
tery, as may be purchased for the purpose ot using the same
as a part of the navy-yard located in that town, and con>ent
is hereby given to tiie purchase of the same by the United
States: Provided always, That this State shall retain and
does retain concurrent jurisdiction with the United States
in and over all lands hereby ceded, so far as that all civil
and all criminal processes issuing under the authority of
this State may be executed on said lands and in any build-
ings thereon, or to he erected thereon, in the same way and
manner as if jurisdiction had not been granted asafotesaid :
•find provuledy That the exclusive jurisdiction shall revert
to and vest in the State of Maine whenever the said land
so ceded shall cease to be used by the United States for the
purpose hereinbefore declared.
"Sec. 2. This act shall take effect from and after the pur-
chase of any portion of said Seavey's island tfy the United
States, the evidence of such purchase being duly recorded
in the registiy of deeds for the county of York."
By this action the jurisdiction of Maine having
been ceded over the whole island or any part of it
that the United States might need for the purposes
of a navy-yard, I supposed that every obstacle was
removed to the carrying out of the intention of
Congress, and I addressed a letter to the Secre-
tary of the Navy asking him then if he intended
to carry out that law. On the 1st of May, 1863,
after Maine had ceded her whole jurisdiction to
all the island or any part of it, i addressed this
letter to the Secretary of the Navy:
Washington, May 1,1863.
Sir: 1 beg leave respectfully to inquire whether the pro-
vision of law passed on the 14th of July, A. D., 1862, appio-
priatlng $14,500 for the purchase of twenty-seven and three
hundred and fifty-five thousandths acres ofland on Seavey's
Tsland, adjacent to the Kittery navy-yard, has been exe-
cuted ; and if it has not, whether it is the intention of the
Secretary to execute the same prior to the next session of
Congress. I will be obliged by as early an answer as con-
venient, addressed to me at Dover, New Hampshire.
With much respect, yours, JOHN P. HALE.
Hon. Gideon Welles, Secretary of the Navy.
On the 19th of May, nearly three weeks after-
ward, the Secretary answered as follows:
Navy Department, May 19, 1863.
Sir* Your communication of the 1st instant was received,
inquiring whether that provision of law passed on the 14th
ot July, 18t>2, appropriating $14,500 lor the purchase of
twenty-seven and three hundred and fiftv-five thousandths
acres of land on Seavey's island, adjacent to the Kittery
navy-yard, has been executed; and if it has not, whether
it is the intenUon of the Secretary to execute the same
prior to the next sf<?«ion of Congress. On referring this
question to the chief of the Bureau of Yards and Docks,
to whom the subject appropriately and immediately per-
tains, I learn that he deems it inexpedient to move in the
matter until there is further and specific legislation. I may
say in this connection, that though not personally familiar
with the locality, it seems to me, if any thing is done m the
premises, it is desirable that the whole island should, if
possible, be obtained for the Government.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
GIDEON WELLES,
Secretary of tke Navy.
Hon. John P. IIalb,
United Stales Senator, Dover ^ New Hampshire.
On the 31st of January, 1863, the chief of the
bureau addressed this question to the Secretary
of the Navy:
" I beg leave respectfully to suggest that Congress be re-
quested to state what land, and whose, the law of the last
.^e^ion \v:t« intruded to purchase on Seavey's Maud, ad-
jacent to the mivv-\aid, Killerv, or to rep<-:i| (hat portion
ot the law appiopnating $14,000 loi the purchase ot said
and."
In a communication which he made on the
5th of January, 1863, in answer to a letter which
I had addressed to the Secretary, and which the
Secretary leferred to him, asking wherein he did
not think it expedient to move in the matter, he
gives a reason. He says Congress were gov-
erned by personal motives in ordering the pur-
chase. 1 read fiom the letter of the chief of the
bureau:
"The Senator avers that the Department, committees,
and Congress knew precisely what land, and whose it was,
lhauhe law appropriated money to purchase; if so, and
Congress thought proper to make a purchase, unsolicited
by the Department, of property, witn pe^onal instead of
public consideration, the object could only be obtained by
making the phraseology of the law  o explicit as to teheve
the Department from any responsibility or judgineotin the
premises.'5
Is it not well that we have such an old Roman
as that at the head of one of our bureaus? He
stands between Congress and public plunder, and
says that if Congress act from such personal mo-
tives as these they must be a little more explicit
before they can get him to interfere to carry out
any of their plans 1 And, sir, he was not the only
officer in the Navy Department who was guilty
of this gross insult to Congress. The chief of
the Bureau of Medicine and Surgery found the
same fault with Congress in undertaking to make
a purchase which he had not asked for. I read
from his communication of January 9, 1863:
" It will be observed, too, the law locates the hospital on
Seavey's island; so that if there had been any causes for
postponing the purchase of the land, in the way of securing
title or concurrent jurisdiction, they were also calculated
to retard the work upon the hospital. Though the hospital
and purchase of land are forced into connection, they are
not neeee&aiily involved; as it has always been thought the
site of the present decayed and antiquated hou^e would
prove a good location tor the new building. A< no evii con-
sequences have resulted from the ho>pitai for perhaps half
a century no danger could possibly be apprehended from
a new and betterbuildmg. It was not necessary, iherefoie,
to purchase any additional land for the hospital, nor \sas
the purchase recommended by the Navy Department.
" It will be noticed the bill locates the hospital legisla-
tively, without reterenee to the question whether the island
be the most or least judicious situation for it, and postpones
all work upon the needed improvement until the irrele-
vant subject of purchase of the island be adjusted, it will
thus be seen that all the delay in regard to the erection of
a hospital has arisen from the unfortunate commingling of
public with private interests, and it will doubtless continue
uil these interests are separated."
That is signed, " W. Whelan, chief of Bureau
of Medicine and Surgery." The chief of the
Bureau ofYards and Docks wrote another letter
to the Department on the 27th of April, 1664, as-
signing another reason why he had not executed
this law, and I think that if there is any pettifogger
in this land who wants to raise a sharp point he
may take a lesson here:
"The objections stated heretofore by the bureau to the
purchase oi Mr. Bridge's land, if that, as is supposed, is the
ground intended, still exists, namely: its very jrreyril.ir
shape; the county road passing throu'gn it, and the want of
jurisdiction from the State over that road. The act of ju-
risdiction specified cedes 'such portion of i?e«iv\ *s isinud,
in the town of Kittery, as may he purchased for the pur-
pose of using the same as a part of the navy-vard located
in that town.' It does not embrace the road,"inasmuch as
the land offered to Congress as the twenty-seven and live
hundred and fifty-five thousandths acres "lie on either side
of tiie said road, and does not include it."
The State of Maine did not know how to give
away jurisdiction over that road. She had ceded
the whole island, every inch of it, or if you would
not take the whole, over all that the Government
might want; and yet the chief of the Bureau of
Yards and Docks, to carry out his obstinate de-
termination not to execute this law, says Maine
did not cede the road. He might as well have
said that Maine did not cede the grass growing
on it, or the stones which might be found there,
and out of which a stone wall might have been
made.
In that way the will of Congress in regard to
the enlargement of the navy-yard at Portsmouth
has been defeated, set at naught, denied willfully
and perseveringly. But how is itat Charlestown ?
At Charlestown they want to buy all the land
they can get at any price that anybody will ask
for it. While they refused to buy this land at
Portsmouth so absolutely necessary, a purchase
recommended by the commandant of the yard,
and by a board sentthere for the purpose of mak-
ing examinations, and they could get it at §500
