1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
less it has been coupled with something so objec-
tionable and obnoxious that I could notvote for it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I want to know if my
colleague has voted for a single appropriation bill
for the Army—to provide means for paying the
Army?
Mr. ROSS. 1 have never voted for anyappro-
priation for freedmen, or for putting the negro
upon ail equality with the white man in the ranks.
Against all such measures I have voted; but I will
tell my colleague, as he is one of the Committee
on Military Alfairs, that if he will introduce a bill,
naked and alone, to increase the pay of soldiers,
he will find no man in this House who will give
it a more ardent support than I will.
Mr.FARNSWORTH. I understand the gen-
tleman to take the ground that the war is a failure,
"and that our soldiers are engaged in prosecuting
an unholy and unjust and unconstitutional war.
I understand that he never voted for an appropria-
tion bill to provide means for paying the soldiers.
It is true that he did upon one occasion offer an
amendment or resolution to increase the pay of
the soldiers to twenty or thirty dollars a month.
The purpose of the gentleman in that proceeding
is, it seems to me, very apparent. If the gentle-
man is opposed to the war, and thinks that the
soldier is engaged in an unholy, unjust, and un-
constitutional war—" a hellish crusade against
liberty," as it has been denominated by some
members on the other side—can he be justly re-
garded as a friend of the soldier who is engaged
in the war? I think that the gentleman's constit-
uents and mine well understand our relative posi-
tions.
Mr. ROSS. Mr. Chairman, the gentleman as-
sumes too much when he says that I have ever
declared that this wasan unfeoly, an unrighteous,
or an unjust war. 1 have never, an home or abroad,
enunciated any such doctrine. I have said that,
in my humble judgment, if this Government had
been properly administered this bitter cup might
have been turned from our lips, and we might not
have been required to drain it to the very dregs.
Such is my judgment in regard to this matter.
But I am the last man, with one hundred and fifty
or two hundred thousand of our gallant Illinois
soldiers in the field, to turn my back upon them.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 want to ask rny
colleague how he voted on the bill reported last
session from the Committee on Military Affairs,
for the speedy punishment of those infernal ras-
cals known as guerrillas, who shoot our soldiers
in the back as they are dragging their weary and
blood-stained feet to the hospitals in the rear.
Did my colleague vote for that bill or against it?
Mr. ROSS. The gentleman seems desirous of
breaking the thread of my discussion, but I will
tell him 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Not at all; but you
are on the question of the soldier.
Mr. ROSS. The bill introduced for the purpose
of giving to the commanders of petty posts, per-
haps not above the grade of lieutenant, the au-
thority to execute men called "guerniias," I did
vote against, and I would vote against it again,
because all that was necessary, even without its
passage, was to report to the authorities at Wash-
ington, and thus get a confirmation of the sentence.
What kind of war would we have if that policy
were to be pursued? There would be a system
of vengeance and retaliation in both armies. The
war would become a ten-fold more cruel and
bloody war than it now is. Consequently I voted
against that bill. But I have voted for the soldier.
I have voted to increase his pay: and I have ap-
pealed to members of this House to increase his
pay. And I ask the honorable gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Farnswouth] how he will explain
to his constituents why, when I proposed to in-
crease the soldiers' pay twenty per cent, he voted
to sustain the previous question, thereby keeping
one hundred and fifty thousand Illinois men in the
field on fifty-three and a third cents a day, while
their wages are worth from one dollar and a half
to two dollars a day at home? I want my col-
league to answer this to his constituents at home.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Does my colleague
desire an answer to it now?
Mr. ROSS. I do not propose that you shall
make a speech now.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am willing to an-
swer that now. I was "one of those who voted
for and advocated the payment to our soldiers of
all that they could be paid with the means at the
disposal of the Government. I always voted for
appropriation bills to provide means to pay the
soldier. I voted for tax bills. I voted for every
revenue bill to provide means for carrying on this
war.
My colleague complains that the soldiers are
paid too little. Why, sir, there is not a Govern-
ment on earth that pays its soldiers half as well
as the Government of the United States pays its
soldier. There is not a Government on earth
that feeds or clothes its soldiers so well as the
Government of the United States does. Nothing
like it. Our soldiers now get sixteen dollars a
month, their clothing, and rations. You cannot
find any other Government on the face of the earth
that pays its soldiers ten dollars a month, with
rations and clothing.
Mr. ROSS. Then I understand this matter
differently from my colleague, and I will leave
him to settle it with his constituents. He thinks
that the pay of the soldier is high enough; that
we have gone ahead of all other Governmentsjn
that respect. lie is willing to say to one hun-
dred anil fifty thousand Illnioisans in the field,
who, if at home, could command from one dollar
and fifty cents to two dollars aday for farm labor,
that they shall stay in the service, and bear the
trials and hardships of camp life for fifty-three
and one third cents per day. That is what my
honorable colleague says to his constituency.
For my part, sir, I think that the noble boys in
the field, who are bearing the toils and hardships
of war, are entitled to at least as much compen-
sation as they would receive for ordinary labor
at home.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Chairman. 
The CHAIRMAN. Will the gentleman give
way to his colleague?
Mr. ROSS. If he wants to ask me a question,
I will give way.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have served with
our soldiers for nearly two years in the field 
Mr. R.OSS. I do not propose to give way for
the gentleman to make a specch.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I propose to premise
my question by a few words.
Mr. ROSS. I cannot yield to the gentleman,
except to ask brieflv a question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Well, I want to ask
my colleague whether any Illinois soldiers have
ever complained to him of the lack of sufficient
P\vir. WASI-1BURNE, of Illinois. Of twelve
thousand from my district not one has ever made
any such complaint.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have never in my
life received a letter from a soldier complaining in
regard to the insufficiency of his pay.
Mr. ROSS. I suppose that the reason why the
gentleman has not received any application from
soldiers for increase of pay is, that the soldiers
have understood that he is opposed to such ill-
crease. I have received such letters in abundance
from my constituents, asking that they should at
least be allowed such pay as will enable them to
send home to their wives and children a small
pittance to keep them from becoming objects of
charity.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Why did not my col-
league have those letters or petitions referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs? We never
saw any of them.
Mr. ROSS. I showed one of those letters to
the honorable gentleman last winter and he turned
me off very coolly.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The truth is these
complaints come from the men who oppose the
war; they come from those of the party repre-
sented oil the other side of the House who iiave
resolved upon everything that can embarrass the
Government, prevent the success of the Army,
and throw obstacles in the way of the prosecu-
tion of the. war.
Mr. ROSS. I think, sir, that the meager pay
of the soldier is manifestly unjust. 1 have little
faith in loud professions of love for the soldier,
when those who make them refuse to allow him
enough pay to sustain liis wife and children at
home, so that they are left naked and starving.
But they did increase the pay of the soldier 1
They increased it by the extraordinarily munifi-
cent sum of ten cents a day! Mr. Chairman, 1
think that the appellation that was formerly ap-
plied to Mr. Buchanan, when he was a candidate
for the presidency, might with propriety be. ap-
plied to the other side of tho House; *they -might
be called the " ten cent"party. They actually j ill
their munificence, increased the pay of the soldier
ten cents a day—enough to buy a quarter of a
yard of common calico, or a quarter of a yard of
brown domestic,muslin, to assist in clothing, his
wife and little ones at home.- This is l!he knfe
that these men have shown toward the soldiers
in our Army. , :
I will tell you another thing that was done at
the last session. We passed through this House
abillintroduced by the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, to increase the pay.of the pensioner to eleven
dollars a month. Ithad been eight dollars before.
As all the necessaries of life had been raised inpriqe
by the war, we thought that increase in the amount
of pension wasdemanded. I knew that m Illinois
widows and orphans of our soldiers who had fallen
in battle had in some instances become ob jccts of
charity in the neighborhood where they lived. I
was not willing that they should be so regarded.
We passed in this House a bill to' increase the
amount of pension to eleven dollars a month.
When that bill went to the Senate, that body by
a majority vote—a party vote—struck out the pro-
vision for eleven dollars a month and reduced the
amount to eight dollars a month. This House, by
a majority vote, concurred in that amendment. By
this circumstance the armless and legless soldiers
throughout the country, and the widows and or-
phans of soldiers who have died in the service, may
know and understand the reason why they do not
get elevei^dollarsamonth instead of eight dollars a
month. It is because the party in power ia this
House so voted and determined.
But, sir, the Senate made another amendment
to that bill. You know, sir, that,as onrlaw pre-
viously stood, the widow of a soldier, in order to
draw her pay and pension, was obliged to pro-
duce a certificate of record to establish the factof
her marriage. There have been hanging in the
Department hundreds of applications of widows
who, because they were married in the rebellious
States, or for some other reason, found it incon-
venient or impossible to get a certificate, and who
therefore cannot get a pension.
But this House and the Senate last winter pro-
posed a new plan, which was, that persons living
together as husband and wife for the space of two
years should be entitled to a life pension under
the pension act. That was to be considered as
prima facie evidence of mauiagc. Strange to tell,
they did not apply that beneficent privilege to the
white woman; but a black woman who proved
that she had lived with a negro two years is
placedupon a higher and more lofty position than
the white women of this country, because the one
can get a pension on such evidence, and the other-
is compelled to have record evidence. It is the
ground agreed upon by the Senate and the House
of Representatives.
Mr. Chairman, it is not in accordance with my
feelings to indulge in the discussion of these ofd
questions which have passed into history. As a
Representative of the people in Congress, I should
have never alluded to them if othergentlemen had
not brought them up. The great practical ques-
tion which the people are desirous their Repre-
sentatives should act on, is that in someway we
should have a restored and united Government.
I am not one of those who believe that there is
any necessary conflict in the institutions of tli^s
country. 1 know the doctrine has been enun-
ciated by distinguished men, that there was an
irrepressible conflict in the institutions of this
country. I say, sir, that it is a slander upon the
patriot fathers who framed and molded those in-
stitutions. They did not make them as temporary
experiments of government. They made them
to last and endure as long as water ran and grass
grew. They did not imagine that they were form-
ing a Government which, in the first century, was
to tower to its fall. 1 say that it is a slander upon
our fathers. It is a base calumny upon the Gov-
ernment to say that there is any irrepressible con-
flict or collision in our institutions. This Gov-
ernment may go on, and go on till time shall be
no more, without collision or conflict, if we confine
ourselves within the legitimate jurisdiction of the
Government ilself. Thcie is the trouble.
Mi. Chairman, the question of slavery was not
one of those which were delegated by the States
