1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
passed of calling themselves " commodores,"and
yet a commodore was then a mere title of court-
esy. So " acting rear admiral" is a mere title of
courtesy; but those officers are called in the law
" flag officers."
Mr. HALE. They have called themselves " act-
ing rear admirals," and they are so called by the
Secretary of the Navy, in his communications,
again and again.
Mr. GRIMES. It is a mere title of courtesy
that is conferred by giving them command, ex-
actly as the title of " commodore" was conferred
before the grade of rear admiral was created by
fiving a post captain the command of a squadron.
'hat is all there is of it.
Mr. HALE. Perhaps it may be, but I do not
think it is all there is of it. By virtue of his own
authority, and without any law, he has created
the office of acting rear admiral, and the Senate
and the country and the world will so see it and
so read it; and he has done it more than once.
But, sir, I am not going to arraign the admin-
istration of the Navy Department generally; there
is enough of it to attack, God knows. Now that
I am up I will say (as a great many people have
endeavored to make this a personal matter with
me) that I have no personal feeling about it, and
I will say a word in regard to the Secretary. I
believe Secretary Welles to be a pure and honest
man. I have lately seen a picture that purported
to be a cartoon of a great naval picture that is to
be put up somewhere in the Capitol, and I called
on the chairman of the Committee on the Library
and he assured me upon honor—no he did not
add those words) but he said it with all the seri-
ousness with which he could say it—that the Com-
mittee on the Library knew nothing about it; they
had approved no such plan for any picture to be
put up in any part of the Capitol, and I believed
him; I had not the slightest doubt about it. If
I had been going to draw a plan that shouldtfep-
resent the true state of things, I would not have
had a fox with his paws over the'eyes of the
Secretary—I think it is libelous; it is unjust—I
would have had the Assistant Secretary of the
Navy elevated somewhat above the level of the
Senate with a whip in his hand, and whenever a
• witness was summoned before any committee of
investigation of the Senate, I would have had the
Assistant Secretary crack him with his whip,and
if any Senator moved in his place any investiga-
tion into anything which he might have been
pleased to do,-1 would have hau the Assistant
Secretary at once " camp on his track" and send
a committee to hunt him up. That would have
been the picture that would have represented to
my mind more nearly, more vividly, and more
actively, the truth than the one which has been
suggested but which I am happy to hear is a libel.
Mr. President I have almost done. I do not
expect that I shall convince or convert anybody,
but I have done one thing if nothing else; 1 have,
as our Methodist brethren say," freed my mind"
on this subject. [Laughter.] I have said what
was in my heart and what I am sorry was com-
pelled to be there. I have endeavored to perform
the duty which has devolved upon me, and to do
it without fear, favor, affection, or the hope of
reward.
Mr. President, if there was a man in the United
Stafes who felt inclined by all the impulses of his
heart, by all the instincts of his life, by all the
promptings of his education, to sympathize heart
and soul, earnestly and zealously, with this Ad-
ministration in its great work of putting down the
rebellion and sustaining the cause of the Union,
it was my humble self. I had given a score of
the best years of my life in the humble sphere
in which God placed me to the advocacy of the
sentiments which received the commendation of
a majority of the American people in the election
of Mr. Lincoln. If there was a man in the world
—I say it humby but confidently—who had a
right from the position in which Providence had
placed him, to rejoice with joy unfeigned at the
result of Mr. Lincoln's election, it was myself;
and I confess that when he came in I wanted no
office and asked none for myself or for my friends,
but I felt that the greatest boon which God could
bestow upon a political man had been given to
me, and the friends that with me had labored
early, in season and out of season, day and night.
I felt that the principles that were dear to our
hearts, and for which we had struggled so long,
had at length succeeded, and I do not believe that
within the whole United States—and I say it
though perhaps I should not—there was a single
man ready to sustain with a more unshrinking
and unselfish devotion the Administration that
then came into power than I was; and 1 was not
driven into any position of equivocation from that
position in regard to any single Department of the
Government until I saw that the frauds which I
had condemned early and late, loud and long,
everywhere under the Democratic Administra-
tion were not entirely purged out in the new or-
der of things. I felt hurt, I felt hurt asl believe
few men could be, when I saw the Secretary of
the Navy retaining the same corrupt tools who
had received the censure of the House of Repre-
sentatives upon the report of my friend from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman]—a report not aimed directly at
the then Secretary of the Navy verbally, but at
the agents who were guilty of the atrocities which
he condemned, and which the House, by a two-
thirds vote, censured;and yet those agents were
retained in the same places to do the same work
over again.
Mr. President, the Navy Department has had
a curious history. All Senators, of course, are
familiar with the description of the Vicar of Bray.
His peculiarity was that, let who would be king
he would be Vicar of Bray. That has been so
with the Navy Department. Let-who would be
in, Polk, Taylor, Fillmore, Pierce, Buchanan,
Lincoln, the Navy Department has been just the
same under them all, with the exception tliatLen-
thall, upon whom the censure of the Senator from
Ohio, when he was a member of the other House,
fell most directly, instead of having been simply
let alone, has been promoted, a new bureau has
been created for him, and he has illustrated the
propriety and the wisdom of that selection by
having constructed a whole fleetof iron-clad ves-
sels that can make their way to no port under
heaven this side the bottom of the ocean. I say
the Navy Department has remained unmoved;
there is the Vicar of Bray; there it stands; there
it has been in the past and there it is to-day.
Now, Mr. President, 1 may be asked what is
the use, what the benefit of all this talk. Let
me tell you an anecdote. On one occasion the
Senate of the United States deemed it its duty to
pay peculiar honor to some Irishman—I have
forgotten his name—one of the Irish refugees who
came over here. I believe it was not John Mitch-
ell, but I do not know but that it was. [Laugh-
ter.] Well, sir, on that occasion I felt a little
patriotic Irish blood in me, and I took the oppor-
tunity to say that 1 was of Irish origin. 1 did not
demonstrate it by saying that my mother was an
Irishman, [laughter,] but bsaid that she was ail
Irishwoman. That was published in the papers
and went home, and a particular friend of nune
read it, and said she, " Suppose it was so, what
need was there of your telling it." [Laughter.]
You may ask me, if these things are so in the
Navy Department, what necessity is there for
telling them. I do not know; it may possibly
benefit some of these gentlemen; they may get
promoted; there may be some new bureau cre-
ated for some of them that have been expert in
arranging these prices so as to accommodate their
friends to any measure their rapacity might in-
duce them to go. There may be some new office
created for them, and it may be a benefit to them.
Mr. President, whatever maybe the consequence
of it for weal or for woe, I declare that I am not
and never will be a friend to that policy which
hides and covers up persistent errors of friend or
foe.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, 1 do not
know how the speech of the honorific Senator
from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] bs& impressed
others, but one thing I know, that 5;have be^n
very much delighted at it. Sir, I rajpollectjtfiat
when this party came into power, agd wftien it
was struggling for power, the good cfdjjtorious
Democratic party and its representatii^told the
people of the country not to listen to its siren
song. We told the people then that the Repub-
lican party was trying to get possession of the
Government of this country by false pretenses.
The Republican politicigjjs were telline the people
that the Administration of Mr. Buchanan had
cost §90,000,000 in a single year; that there were
great corruptions in the Democratic party ; and
they therefore appealed to the people in their in-
dignation to rise up and turn the corrupt Demo*-
cratic party out of power. We told them that
if they listened to these political adventurers, and.
they got control of the Government of this coun-
try, fraud and corruption would be their stock
in trade. And now, sir, we have been delighted
to-day in hearing one of the earliest champions
of that party arise on the floor of the Senate of
the United States, and in Methodistic love-feast
style make confession of the sins of himself and
his whole party.
Mr. President, the honorable Senator from New
Hampshire said that he was in the position of
the Methodist who had relieved his mind. Let
me tell him that his speech reminds me of a
scene that I have been informed once occurred
in a Methodist love-feast; and we all know who
the Methodists are; I think they are among ths
best people in the world. We know that they
have a habit of having class-meetings and love-
feasts, and in my State on one occasion they met
in a little school-house and held theirclass. The
leader came along and asked brother A how he
was progressing in spiritual life. Brother Arose
and said that he must confess that he was a poor,
insignificant creature; that from the crown of his
head to the soles of his feet he was naught but
wounds, and bruises, and putrefying sores; and
down he sat. A cruel picture he had given of
himself. There was no song sung, but the leader
passed on in mournful mood to the next brother
and asked him to give an account of his spiritual
life, and he rose and said, "As tomyself, brother
Leader, I have nothing to say, but I can bear most
willing testimony that everything that biother A
has said in inference to himself is literally and
strictly true." [Laughter.] So, sir, on this oc-
casion I have nothing to say myself further than
that every word that brother Hale has said in
regard to his party in my judgment is literally and
strictly true. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, 1 wish the country to take note of
this. We gave them full warning four years ago
that if the now dominant party—dominant in
power, but not more numerous in numbers, as
would have been shown if there had been a fair
expression of the popular will at the last election
—obtained the reins of power, instead of some
sixty, or seventy, or ninety millions of dollars
being spent in a year, the amount would reach
hundreds of millions. And we said more—I mean
no personal offense; but the honorable Senator
said that however unpopular it was he must
speak the truth, and I am now simply speaking
the truth—we told the people then that if this
paity ever got into power they would steal more
in one year from the public Treasury than any
Democratic Adnunistiation had expended during
its continuance. And let me say here that the
thanks of the country are due to a distinguished
member of the other House from Massachusetts
who admitted the fact that in the fust year of this
Republican Administration more had been stolen
from the public Treasury than had been expended
during the whole of Mr. Buchanan's Administra-
tion.
Mr. President, let me say to-day, in my place in
the Senate of the United States, in the presence of
the country, that such ex positions as the honorable
Senator fiom New Hampshire has made of his
party this day caused me to be glad and to rejoice
that"! was born in the good old Democratic party,
that pure and glorious party that commenced
almost with the birth of the country and never
ceased to exist until its country died. I have sat
here day after day and from year to year, and
heard the party whose portrait the honorable Sen-
ator from New Hampshire has so justly drawn
represented as the great Union party of the coun-
try, and I have heard the party to which every .
ancestor I ever had since the birth of parties in
this country belonged; the good old Democratic
party, into which I was born and in connection
with which I mean to die, denounced as a dig*
loyal and a disunion party. Sir, I say again,
looking at the photograph presented to the Sen-
ate by the great artist from New Hampshire, that
1 and every other Democrat have cause this day
to rcjoice that, we belong to that good, noble party,
for, thank God! though its counsels cannot now
be heeded, the history of the country having
shown that it and it alone is able to guide the
shipof State through the tempestuous billows into
havens of safety, it shall yet rise, and rejoicing
