m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
tts an opponent of the Government itself, and
therefore is in alliance or in sympathy with the
rebels. Heargues as if he supposed all opponents
of the Adrmniatratiort were rebels. I apprehend
that no Senator on this floor would maintain for
a moment that an alien enemy has a right to re-
main here and do business in the capital of the
nation in time of war, and that the Government
would have no right to make use of the necessary
itteans to expel him. And if so, why may not the
Government expel from the capital a domestic
enemy during the existence of a great armed re-
bellion? The right to do so, in my opinion, is
clear. The only question is one of expediency
and propriety. And this question I propose to
refer to a standing committee of this body.
While, then, I maintain i hat in my opinion some
such legislation may be necessary, and I desire
the inquiry to be made by one of the standing
committees of this body, I do not think it can be
properly denominated a measure of persecution
against political opponents of the party in power;
and 1 think the Senator does himself and his po-
litical friends gross injustice m thiowmgoutsuch
an intimation. He surely does not desire the
mass of the people of this country to understand
that he and his political associates ate opponents
of the Government of the United States and are
in sympathy and alliance with the rebels. And
yet he argues as if in his judgment opposition to
the rebels was in some way detrimental to the
Democratic party. But if that is not what he
means his whole speech is without pertinence.
1 think this inquiry would be well enough, and
in my opinion such legislation would be proper.
The committee may differ with me in opinion;
and if the committee should agree with me in opin-
ion, a majority of the Semite might differ with
me. I think ihat no evii at least can grow outof
the inquiry, and I therefore desire the passage of
the resolution.
Mr.. SACJLSBURY. Mr. President, I shall
make no reference to the personal allusions of the
honorable Senator to myself, if he really is pained
at the idea that by any remarks I have made pub-
lic suspicion, or even private suspicion, may be
aroused that T am not true to the Government of
the United States, and am in sympathy with those
whom he styles rebels, let me tell him that his
sympathy is wasted. 1 haveseen enough since
the commencement of these troubles to care but
very little what either private individuals or
masses of individuals think of my political course
or my political principles. 1 do not seek for in-
structions in patriotism onn duty either from in-
dividual menorfromlargemassesofmen. Though
God Almighty has given me buta feeble intellect,
and but little light to discover the path of truth,
such tut fie has given me governs me, and not the
intellect of otheis, or the opinions of otheis, how-
ever much I may respect the opinions of my fel-
low-men.
Sir, those who choose to regard me and my
political associates as in sympathy with rebellion
are welcome to the indulgence of their very char-
itable opinion. 1 shall do nmight, as a member
of this body or in private life, to remove any such
suspicion from their minds. 1 know very well
the distinction between the Government of the
United States and the Admmtstiation at the pi<vs-
ent time. I know they are asunder as far as the
polls; that theyappioach each other no nearer
than heaven and eaith approach each other; but
i know the doctrine attempted to be inculcatcd at
the present day by a large number of people in
this country and by a very influential pre^s, and
that is, that the Government is the Administra-
tion, and the Administration is the Government.
I see no objection on all proper occasions to any
man and every man in the United States taking
an oath to support the Government of the United
States and the Constitution ot the United States.
But, sir, the honorable Senator does not live in
the section Unit some of us do. He has notseen
the progress that these measures have made. He
has not heard it announced, perhape, as we have,
that it is traitorous to oppose the actions of the
Administration in times like these, tie has not
heaid voters at the polls questioned in reference
to then* fidelity to an Administration, not their
fidelity ton Government or to a Constitution. Sir,
had the houoiabie Senator lived in the section
from which I come, had helived in what was once
the glorious and gallant Starc of Maryland—il the
Senator from Maryland [Mr. Johnson] will par-
don me—which is now the province of Maryland,
under the acts of this Administration, he would
have seen how the very inception of such meas-
ures as this woiked injury, and how in their prog-
ress they work harder.
But, sir, I do not intend to be provoked (if I
may use that term) into any lengthy discussion
on this questiefn. I believe the proposition is
wrong in piinciple, unprecedented in practice,
can be attended with no possible good, and will
be oppressive in its operation.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, during the
period of the present lamentable war there has
been no time when the people of the District of
Co'umbia have made any demonstration agains*
the Government or the Administration. That is
a simple fact bound to be admitted . What occa-
sion there can be for thin special legislation, I can-
not comprehend. That the people of the District
of Columbia, a people who are to a certain ex-
tent ignored in our Government, and who have
no right of suffrage in the establishment of the
Federal Government, should be particulaily pro-
scribed or called upon specially to take special
oaths, man by man, is something which I do not
understand. I cannot understand it, pa> ticularly
at this time, when if there ever was a tune for it the
policy of conciliation should be the policy of the
Government. We have tr mmphed in aims; juM-
lante has been said from north to south,from east
to west throughout all the land for what we have
accomplished; and why require this particular
thing of the people of this District? what is the
occasion which has demanded it? I would think
H stiange if! weie demanded to go through that
same process, hut to demand it of the people of
the District of Columbia togo through the whole
population and roqniie them to do tins thing in
order that they may maintain the right of citizen-
ship m this District is a stiange proposition to
me. I should like to know fiom some one the
good reason for it.
We have been here, most of us, during the
whole period of this war. We have seen no dis-
turbance here. Wo have heaid of men going to
th* Capitol prison, &c., but we have seen no dis-
turbance, we have seen nothing that icquired any
pnrticulai legislation to compd the people of the
District of Columbia, who arodeprived of a por-
tion. of the rights of American citizens by virtue '
of their lesidence, to do things which are not re-
quired of the other citizens of the Republic. I
look upon it, I cannot otherwise than look upon
it, as an oppi essive and wrongful net. Ofcourse
this is only a resolution of inquiry, but all these
things tend to agitation. I say that to-day our
policy is or should be a policy of conciliation.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mi. President, when
the Senator from Iowa yesterday submitted this
lesolution I felt it to be my duty to object to its
consideration at that time. 1 do not intend now
to enter into this debate atanylength, but 1 v ish
to say that the suggestion, in my judgment, which
he has made that tins was but an inquiry is not
a sufficient argument to support his resolution
unless in addition to that, he is able to state to the
Senate that the true interests of the Government
requne the people of this District to he placed in
an attitude not occupied by the rest of t he citizens
of the United Stales. Does the Senator say that?
He has not said it so far as I have heard his ar-
gu ment.
When this war broke out I have no doubt that
theie weie many Citizens of the Distiict of Co-
lumbia who sympathised with the southern move-
ment; but the proceedings of the Ad ministration,
not then supported by law, in many instances,
have sent many of these people to the prisons—
some have been sent across the lines—and now,
within the last year, is the Senator able to pay
that the people of the District of Columbia are
jess true to the Government in the discharge of
all their obligations than the cifzens of any other
portion of the country ? i Lak* it, sir, that although
this is a meie inquiry, the adoption of the reso-
lution casts a suspicion upon the fidelity of the
; people of this District to their obligations to the
j Government. If rhe Senator fsom Iowa proposed
| a resolution instructing one of the committees to
i inquire into the propriety of requiring the citi-
1 zens of Indiana to take such an oath as is not re-
! quired of the rest of the people of the (uimtry,
I would it not be my duty, and fjie duty of my col-
league, if that proposition were not supported by
a strong array of facts to justify it, to protest
against an imputation by the Senate against the
fidelity of the people of that State to their Gov-
ernment? If, then, as the representative of that
State, such would be my duty, is it not the duty
of the Senators who do not believe that the people
of the District of Columbia are undue in their
obligation to the Government to protest, as their
representatives? They have no special repre-
sentative on this floor; there is no Senator here
whose duty it is specially to stand up for their
honor. I think it is the duty, then, of'evei y Sen-
ator to see that no unjust imputation is made
against them.
I know nothing in the history of thi<« Dis'rict
of Columbia, or in the conduct of the people in
this District for the last year, that justifies the
resolution which the Sermtoi from Iowa has pro-
posed to the Senate. Wlu-n we instinct v <om 
mittee to inquire into a thing of that sort, the pre-
sumption arises that there is some gr>und for
that inqnity. What is the ground ' .Men have
been ai rested here; they have been sent to prison.
They have been arrested in the Senatoi own
State; they have been chmged v/nh disloyalty
there, and have been sent to the pns-ms; hut is that
arbitrary conduct on the part of tfie Administra-
tion a leason why the Senate should place a
brand of suspicion on a pait of the people of this
country ?
As I suggested yesterday, I am opposed to a
resolution that contemplates the ineiease of oa'hs
in this country. Why does the Senator intimate
by his resolution that it is nee/fsniy to pons a
law in require the people to tak" an oath of this
sort? Have these oaths been required of the peo-
ple without authority of law all o\ er the country?
It has been done m Indiana, in Kentucky, and, I
venture to say, in the Senator's own State, with-
out authority of law. Then does the Senator
by this inquiry intend to be undeistood as say-
ing that the Administration has ptu sued atom ye
not authorized by law in this respect? Very
many men, very many honest men, very many
ttue citizens have been required to subscribe
oaths to protect their peisons and then-property.
The Senator by this resolution intimates that that
is all wrong and illegal. I grant that it is. It is
a shame that without authoiity of lav/ any man
has been required to take an oath which is not
required of the rest of the people.
But, sir, in my judgment it does not promote
the fidelity of the people to the institutions of the
coumry to requite an oath like this. It, tends to
promote and encourage perjury. Swearing men
upon eveiy tnvial occasion does not promote the
cause of t'ttth, in my judgment, and ! think one
of the euls of the country is that we require men
to swear upon almost every occat-ion, when en-
tentig into lire mosf ummnoi tant office and dis-
charging the mopt tiivml duties. 1 find my views
upon that particular point so well expressed by
one ( f [he ablest wuteis in our language 11r I
will n ad from " Buckle's History of Civilization
in Enirlnnd" a -Jrut exti ret.
Mr. S[JMXKR. Which volume?
Mr. UENDRICHS. The first volume, page
259.
it i- lh;s MJepioion as to the motive* of other- which
has hiven i i-e fo oaih-of every land and in every din etteu.
In England, even tee boy <U college i- !<>icod id -o ear about
in;iuei  wlnef- hu e >onot u-idi i-rand, ami wueh lai riper
mind- are unable to rangier. It ;:e <iite> waid- goes mio
Parliament, lie mu-t ncuei -weai about his lelrsiun.'5
As we Senators a,-c required to swear that we are
true to our counti y.
"And at nearlv every stajre of political life he nra-t t.dre
fie-b oath- the solemnity <n vs inch l- otfn sftan^t i\ cen-
tra-ted wjtii the Invta! function- to which they are the pie-
ltaie. A >o!v.uiu adjuration of lire  )eu\ bei,i<r tins- mule
fit  voiy tin'i, it lit- happened, a- nugiir have lr en c.\-
p>"et'd. that oa'h-, e^omed a* a matO'i <>. can -r. have fit
h iiL'th degeneiated into a nutter of ioim \\ hat i- lightly
taken k- ea-rly broken. And the bc^t oh-eivei- or Enirhs-b
bueiefy <>b-<Mvet-, too, u'n.j-e <J)<ua<i<i- at"vei\ dilier-
ent, and who held the rno.-t oppo-ue ooono'i—aie all
n'.ee: d on tin-, that the petjtuy ha'ntually practiced in
JSnidd'id. and or winch Govcrnriii'iii i- th • immediate ere-
;itoi, i> so general that il has bee'nji" a mmis t e national
coituphon, ha- dnniiudied the v.uae <>i !nnn;ai tc.-i...>ony,
and shaken tin* confidence wliuh men naturailj place in
the woid </f then lellmv-creiitm:
Mi. SIIER MAX. 1 wii! appeal to the court-
esy of the Senator from Indiana to ullow the bill
which I reported this morning lo be neted on now.
Mr. K Li\r Dill CKS. 1 will finish what 1 have
to .s;iy in a few minutes.
