94
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
majority of the Senate is in favor of the substance
of the bill we had better pass it in the language
used by the House of Representatives. I have
no objection to the amendment except that it
tends to delay and possibly produce the defeat of
the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. Personally, as a member of
this body, without meaning to reflect at all on
the House of Representatives or any member of
it, I should be very unwilling to vote for the bill
in the form in which it comes from that House.
We are responsible for the phraseology of our
legislation as well as that House itself. If, as I
understand was the fact, the House was very
decided in opinion that the tax should be levied
on the 1st of January instead of the 1st of Febru-
ary, it will at once adopt the amendment if the
bill be returned with the amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit again to the Sen-
ate whether we had not better, as it is merely a
question of phraseology, only a choice of words,
take the substance of the proposition, if we are
in favor of it, and not amend it.
Mr. DAVIS. I understand the object of this
bill to be in substance to impose in January the
maximum tax on whisky, which by the present
law will not be subject to the additional tax until
the month of February, in other words, to im-
pose the increased tax a month pievious to the
time proposed by the law that was passed at the
last session. I am opposed to the passage of this
bill, and I am opposed to this mode of legislation,
upon what I deem to be two very substantial con-
siderations. The first is stability in legislation;
the second, good faith to the people in the legis-
lation of Congress.
The people who were interested in the whisky
trade htfve made themselves familiar with this
provision of the law; they have adapted their
contiacts and their business to it; and you cannot
change the law now by imposing the tax in Feb-
ruary instead of January, thus giving it practical
operation a month sooner than by the law as
passed it was to go into operation, without seri-
ously deranging the business of some men, and
probably a great many of them, and producing
considerable loss to them. All the dealers in tins
article—and they are very numerous, and their
transactions arc very large and valuable to them-
selves and to the country generally, bntespecially
to themselves—have made their contracts ami
their arrangements with a view to the fact that
this increased tax was to take effect in February.
I think that the consideration of stability in legis-
lation ought to induce Congress to forego the
amount of increased revenue that might be ob-
tained by giving this clause in the law a month's
earlier operation.
The other piinciplc to which 1 referred is the
question of good faith on the part of the Govern-
ment to the people in itslegislation. No man who
has any information or intelligence in relation to
this buhjectcan suppose that this proposed change
in the law can take client without producing very
serious loss to many individuals. If Congress in
passing the original iaw had established the date
of January, no man would have had the right to
complain; every man would have been duly noti-
fied of the law some months befoie it went into
operation, and he would have had time to conform
his contracts and his interests to the iaw and to
the time fixed by Congiess for its taking effect.
But when Congiess has passed the law in this
form, pledged its faith to one date, and has thus
induced traders and dealeisni this great aitiolo to
make their contracts and arrangements with a
view to that date, it seems to me that it would not
be good faith, on the. contrary it would bo bad
faith, in Congress now to change the law and
subject these men to the loss that must be inevi-
table upou the change.
Gentlemen m the Senate speak as though ail the
property m the country belonged to the Govern-
ment, and the Government had the sovereign right
to dispose of all the piopei ty of the people, so far,
at least, as regards imposing taxes upon it,uccoid-
mgto its sovereign will and pleasure. Now, sir,
my principle is that the property of the people of
the United States belongs to the people themselves,
and not to the Government, and it is their option,
their will, that votes any of tins property in the
form of taxes or in any other form whatever to the
Government. The Govei nment is not the master,
it is the agent, it is the servant, and its action and
its laws ought to be in obedience to the will and
to the interests of the people, and especially ought
to be in obedience to the rule of good faith with
the people.
I hope that this measure will not pass either in
the form of the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Maryland or m the form of the bill as
reported by the chairman of the Committee on
Finance. I trust that stability in legislation and
good faith to the people will be adhered to in re-
lation to this matter and all other matters of law
and legislation by Congress.
Mr. CONNESS. I think with the chairman
of the Committee on Finance, that perhaps the
phraseology offered as a substitute by the Sena-
tor from Maryland is the best; but under the cir-
cumstances of the pending adjournment of Con-
gress and the necessity for passing the bill, I hope
that it will not be adopted now, but that the phrase-
ology of the bill will be adhered to.
The amendment was rejected, there being, on a
division—ayes 9, noes 19.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to inquire of the
chairman of the Finance Committee whether this
is to be the last legislation on the subject of the
whisky tax for this session, so far as he knows
the purpose of his committee and of the two
Houses. It is exceedingly prejudicial to any in-
terest of this magnitude to have it legislated upon
so frequently. J see that it is here taken up as a
special matter; it does not come in the regular
revenue bill. If this is to be the tax, no more and
no less, permanently for the future, it is well that
the country should know it; but if it is the pur-
pose of the committee to bring in a bill proposing
an increased fax at some future day of the ses-
sion, it had better be done now. The course pur-
sued in regard to this article has facilitated spec-
ulation m the country and has not brought that
revenue which another policy, in my judgment,
would have pioduced. I think it is to the inter-
est of the people, as well as of the Government,
that we should know whether this is to be all the
legislation on the subject of whi&ky taxation for
the session.
Mr. SHERMAN. I answered the inquiry
when the Senator fiom Indiana \v:>s not pu.si.nt.
when it was put tome by thegentlemau who now
occupies the chair, [Mr. Pomeroy,] but I have
no objection to answer it again. 1 would not
have introduced any bill on the subject of the tax
on whisky, but would have left it to the law of
last year, if I had my own way, and 1 will reply
now to the Senator from Maine. He was not
present when this subject was considered at the
last session, and I may perhaps say that if it had
not been for his distinguished predecessor the re-
sult might have been dnferent. I was then, as I
am now, in favor of taxing whisky on hand; I
think we lost a very large source of revenue in
delaying the tax; but that has passed by. This
bill comes to us from the blouse of Representa-
tives in its present foim). 1 cannot state what is
the understanding of that House, but I presume,
fiom what I heat and what I sec in the newspa-
pers, that this bill was rather the result of a com-
promise of the various conflicting interests. It
was first introduced in the form of n bill taxing
the stock on hand, which was referred to the
Committeeof Ways and Means, with instiuctions
to report back th at bill. The Committee of Ways
and Means reported back this bill with a second
section containing a tax upon the stock on hand;
! and the firstsection of the reported bill,which is the
, bill now before us, was finally adopted by the other
i House, perhaps not as a compromise altogether,
but v-y a kind of settlement of the matter. Tins
is what I gather from the debates of Congress.
1 As a matter of course any Senator or any mem-
, ber of the other Hons-* may introduce the question
! at any time, and invoke the action of the com-
mittees of the two Houses and force us to con-
! aider it. I cannot, therefore, say that this is a
final settlement. 1 can oily say for myself that
| I hopeit isafinalsettlernent,and th it 1, certainly,
■ as an individual Senator, will not intioduce the
subject o^ain.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This bill comeabefoie the
■ Senate without any very strong endorsement by
the chairman of the committee who brings it to
; our notice, and 1 think the.ie was a gteat deal of
force in what was said by the Senator from Ken-
tucky, and I propose to state in a very few words
; why I shall vote against it.
As I unders^ind the object of the bill, it is to
obtain an increased revenue by imposing fifty
cents additional tax upon whisky which shall be
manufactured during the next month. I was not
at all satisfied with the legislation on this subject
at the last session of Congress. We have lost the
entire revenue which might have been derived
from whisky during the last six months, as^ I
understand. I know that in the State of Illinois,
where a great deal of whisky had been manufac-
tured previously, the distilleries have all stopped.
If any of them are in operation now I am not
aware of it. Certainly they are not in operation
to any very considerable extent.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will state to my col-
league, having investigated that matter, that there
are three, outof hundreds that have been running.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Running to their full ca-
pacity ?
Mr. RICHARDSON. Not at all. I will state,
if my colleague will permit me, that they are
awaiting the action of Congress. Any change of
the law is detrimental to the revenue which the
Government will derive from that source.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is not different from
what I had supposed. I was not aware, how-*
ever, that there were even three distilleries in
operation in the State of Illinois, but it seems that
those are not running to their full capacity. Now,
sir, having adopted the legislation which we did
at the last session of Congress, I think it would
be very injudicious and prejudicial to interfere
with it at this time in the mode proposed. It has
been stated in the Senate that our legislation at
the last session led to speculation in this article of
whisky. It is known to every one that the dis-
tilleries were running to their fullest capacity for
some time previous to the legislation of Congress,
in anticipation of that legislation; and vast for-
tunes are understood to have been made out of
whisky by speculators. If you nowpass this bill,
what will be the effect? It will add the amount
of the tax, or very nearly that, to the value of the
whisky on hand. No considerable amount of
whisky will be manufactured between now and
February, I apprehend. The Senator from Ohio
I shakes his head. Experience ought to teach us
'about that. If it will be manufactured between
now and February, why has it not been manu-
factured the last month, and the month before
that? Why have all the distilleries in the coun-
try stopped? Because the quantity on hand was
sufficient to supply the demand for such a length
of time that the manufacturers could not afford to
manufacture it, so as to compete with those who
held it on hand, and hold the manufactured arti-
cle till the quantity on hand should be exhausted
so that they could demand for it a price that would
justify their paying the tax. November and De-
cember are as good months as any in which to
manufacture whisky, i think there is no danger
of any considerable quantity of whisky being
manufactured between now and Februaiy for the
purpose of escaping the additional tax. Whisky *
has been worth very little more than the tax that
is now hud upon it for the last three months. It
has inn up within a few days in anticipation of
this very legislation. The men who have the
whisky on hand want the tax increased on that
which is to be manufactuied hereafter. They
would be willing to have a tax of five dollars a
gallon imposed. Thay have made fortunes al-
ready, and if you put a tax of five dollars per gal-
lon on all that shall be manufactured after to-nior-
row, they will make additional fortunes on what
they now have, and none will be manufactuied
until the whisky on hand is cxhaust"d.
Sir, I tiunk you will gain but little, in fact
nothing, to your revenues by the passage of this
bill, while you adopt an unstable mode of legisla-
tion and swell the fortunes of speculatms who
have dealt in this articleand have large quantities
Oi it on hand, for they are to be benefited by the
passeg'" of this law rather than your revenue.
For these reasons, without going any length
into the subject, I shah vote against the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Illinois
correctly pays that the pioposition is nwt pressed
very stiongly by the Committee on Finance, be-
cause they were divided on the question. All the
considerations that he has now presented were
considered by ux, and I think lean reply nt least
to some of the suggestions made by the Senator
from Illinois, perhaps satisfactorily to him.
