1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
We saw that the effect of this legislation would
be to add to the price of the articfiPon hand, and
thus add to the profits of the holders of whisky
on hand. Our previous legislation had done that,
and this was an argument, certainly, which would
tend to pievent us from doing anything for their
special benefit. But, on the other hand, we be-
came convinced by examination that if this bill
was not passed, a very large amount of whisky
would be manufactured in the month of January,
the information being very clear that nearly all
the distillers in the United States were prepared
to run and would commence running as soon as
it was certain that Congress would not put a tax
upon the stock on hand. We are informed, and
I have no doubt it is true, that what has kept the
price of whisky below the natural standard is the
fact that holders were afraid that Congress at the
present session would review its action of the last
session, and put a tax upon spirits on hand; and
that fear has operated to keep down the price of
spirits. 1 have no doubt that but for that fear
the price of spirits would have advanced above
two dollars a gallon. The only reason and the
strong reason why I am m favor of this proposi-
tion is that if it is not passed at once, a very large
amount of whisky will be manufactured between
now and the 1st of February; from ten to twenty
million gallons may be manufactured by the dis-
tilleuesin the country; they will be run night and
day, and they will supply the market for a long
time, paying but a dollar and a half revenue to
the Government, and then on the 1st of Febru-
ary, when the two-dollar tax goes into operation
according to the present law, the business will
stop and no more will be manufactured for sev-
eral months afterwards. It is true that during
the month of January, under the operation of the
piesent law, the Government will get a very large
revenue. If ten million gallons should be manu-
factured in January the Government would de-
rive $15,000,000 revenue from the article during
that month; but if then t hp revenue should be en-
tirely cut off for some time to come,we should lose
a great deal more than we should gain by continu-
ing the duty at a dollar and a half. On the whole
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, and I may
say all the officers of the revenue, were satisfied
that it would be more for the interest of the Gov-
ernment at once to commence to lay the tax of
two dollars on the 1st of January, and then con-
sider the matter settled, so that all persons may
arrange their trade and business on that basis,
and adapt themselves to a fixed tax of two dol-
lars from the 1st of January. As I said before,
there are considerations which make me hesitate
somewhat, but that was the result of my delib-
erate judgment after mature reflection. If, how-
ever, a majority of the'Senate shall come to a
different conclusion, I shall not complain.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and was
read the third time.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 23, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS—Me-srs. Anthony, I3iown, Oollamei. Conness,
Dixon, Faiwell, Foot, Fof-ter. lJale, Uailan, Ilendesr-on,
IIow .i) d, Lane ot Indiana, f^tne of Kansas, Motgan, Pom-
oroy, i!anw\, Sin'i man. ^piague, Sumner, Ten Lyek, Wil-
kinson, and Wiiiey—
NA \ i-—Bnckalew, Cowan, Davi>.,CiimesTIcn-
du< ko. Johnson, lUeOouirall, Powell, Richardson, Sauls-
buiy, Tiumbuil, and Van Winkle—10.
AL'^KiVf—Messrs. Cailile, OfiantHei, Clarke, DoofntJo,
JIaulinsr, liaui^, IXick^3 How, Alomil, Ncsimth, Riddle,
Wade, Wilson, and Wtu;ht—14.
So the bill was passed.
WEARING Or UNIFORM.
Mr. McDOUGALL submitted the following
resolution; winch was considered, and by unani-
mous consent agreed to:
Re uhcth That the Committee or. Mihtar\'Affair- and the
Militia ho direfted to jnqnne info the expediency of le-
quiiiug by law that all olhe. is not on leave of absence be
reqimeu to caiiy on then poisons then uniiomi.
BILLS Iis'TRODCCLD.
Mr. BALE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtanu-d, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 366)
to remit ceitain duties on clothing matenals im-
ported for the use of the Sisteis of Charity of
St. Joseph; which was readt/'ice by its tide, and
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 87) in reference to paymas-
ters' accounts; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
WASHINGTON GAS-LIGHT COMPANY.
Mr. DIXON. I now rnoye to take up the bill
(S. No. 363) to amend the charter of the Wash-
ington Gas-Light Company.
Mr. SUMNER. Will not that displace the bill
of my colleague, which is the order of the day?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pomeroy.)
The motion of the Senator from Connecticut is
to postpone all prior orders and take up the bill
indicated by him. !
Mr. SUMNER. My colleague went a few
moments ago to the House of Representatives
with the understanding that 1 should be allowed
to call up the joint resolution which was post-
poned yesterday from the Committeclon Foreign
Relations, and which it is desired should be acted
on to-day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The order of
business is in the control of a majority of the
Senate.
Mr. DIXON. If the bill to which I have re-
feired be taken up, I shall offer an amendment
which I think will obviate all objections to it;
and it is a bill which ought to be acted on now
if at all.
Mr. SUMNER. I think the Senator had bet-
ter let it come up after the public business to
which I have referred.
Mr. DIXON. I beg the Senator's pardon; this
is public business. 1 insist upon my motion.
The ipotion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 363)
to amend the charter of the Washington Gas-
Li^ht Company.
Mr. DIXON. It was objected yesterday that
this bill does not fix a definite price for gas, to be
charged by this company, but refers to the price
in other cities as the standard. I propose to
amend the bill by fixing .as a maximum price
forty cents per hundred i'eet, with a deduction of
ten per cent, for the Government and five per cent,
for private consumeis, bearing the price of $3 80
per thousand to private consumers  and &3 60 to
the Government as the maximum. My amend-
ment is to strike out the following words in the
twelfth, thirteenth, and fourteenth lines of the
bill:
The average net or cash price v/lneh irr.tvhe cliar«od,as
afo.oaid, m iho capitals ot the fit' Miuyl.ind, IVnn-
s\Ivania, New Jei -.ay, and New Vosk, and in.it lioui tin1
above puce live per cent, s-hall he deducted on all gas
furnished io the Genetal Government.
And to insert m lieu of them the following:
Forty cent« per hundred cubic feet, puhjeet to a discount
of ten per cent, on ail IjjIIs foi g.i-. An niched lo the Gov-
ernment, and five per cent. on all bills tor «as iurmshed
to other conbumci-', if paid at the office of the company
within seven days Irom the icndition theieof.
Mr. JOHNSON. I did not hcorthe honorable
chairman of the District Committee, and I should
like to know what is the increase upon the present
rate that the company will be authorized to charge.
Mr. DIXON. The present rate on bills charged
to the Government is $2 52 per thousand feet,.and
on bills to private consumers §2 70. The Sen-
ator can very readily see what the increase is.
It is alittle over one dollar per thousand. The bill
makes the rate $3 60 per thousand feet for the
Government and $3 80 for private consumers,
which i believe is less than the average price
charged m most cities in the Union where coal is
cheaper than here.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have here a letter from
the piesident of the company, in which he says
the present rate in $3 61. This will be nn inc t ease
of about fifty per cent. This is a 'Ctter from Mr.
13aitol—I d<  not know hun,but lie .signs himself
as president—in which he says the price of gas
in I860 was $3 51), and now the average is $"2 61.
Mr. DIXON. That is after the deduction. It
is ft'2 52 to the Government and £2 70 to private
individuals; 61 is the average. |
Tne amendment was agreed to.
The bill yjfus ordered to be engrossed for a thiid
reading; and was read the thud time, and passed.
RECIPROCITY TREATY,
Mr. SUMNER. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion from the House of Representatives (No. 56) '
which was reported from the-Committee on For-
eign Relations yesterday. : ' *" ' *\''
Mr. HALE. That is the resolution giving5
notice to terminate the reciprocity treaty,- as If
understand. . •
Mr. SUMNER, Yes.-' ' !
Mr. HALE. I do not see why there shpald&e
hot haste in pushing that matter through to-day.*
I am opposed to it; I an(i decidedly opposed to'-it.-:
1 do not want to make any factious opposition
it, but I think it is hardly fair to-go'into;so
portant a measure as that at this time1. I wish4 to?
have it lie over. I understand if the notice-is<*
given there is nearly a year and a half before thb:
treaty can be terminated.
Mr. SUMNER. A year from the 16th of
March next.
Mr. HALE. Then there can be no harm done
by letting this resolution lie over until the 1st of
January. I desire to examine a little into the
operations of the treaty. In my humble judg-
ment this is a step that the Senate ought not to
take, and particularly ought they not to take it
under an excited state of feeling which exists now .
in consequence of what we conceive to be a great
wrong inflicted on us by the authorities of some
of those provinces that are particularly affected by
this treaty. I know that when this treaty was
negotiated, when the reciprocity principle was
established, it was looked upon by the enlight-
ened statesmen of this country and of England as
an advance in the social progress of society, and
as a step in the onward march which should un~
free the shackles of commerce, and give greater
liberty and greater progress to commcrcial inter-
course between this country and those provinces.
The objections which were suggested the other
day by the honorable Senator from Maine [Mr.
Farwell] in regard to its operations upon the
fisheries of New England exist at the present time
only because of an accidental, temporary circum-
stance, to wit, the duty that we have felt com-
pelled by the necessities of the Governmentat this
time to impose on salt. That is a difficulty grow-
ing not out of the subject itself but out of the
accidental state of things incident to and depend-
ent upon the war which unhappily rages in this
country.
Mr.^President, there are very important priv-
ileges secured to the people of the United States,
and especially to some of the eastern States, by
this treaty, which it is proposed now rashly and
inconsiderately, m my humble judgment, to throw
away and to give up. Let me state one of them.
In the first place, by this treaty the people of the
United States, and all the United States, have the
free use of the navigation of the St. Lawrence
and of the canals which are made around Niagara
falls, and by which thfi commerce of all the West
may fin-d free egress to and ingress from the ocean.
That is one thing. The matter of the fisheries I
alluded to yesterday, and there is another import-
ant privilege  
Mr. SUMNER. I suggest to the Senator that
if the resolution shall be taken up, as he desires
to speak, he can then speak upon it, because what
he is saying now is rather pertinent to the main
question than to the mere question of taking up.
Mr CONNESS. I desire simply to suggest
that the course proposed by the Senator from
Massachusetts be taken, that the resolution be
taken up, and that the Senator from New Hamp-
shire address the Senate oil the subject-matter, as
he l eally is doing.
Mr. HALE. The difficulty is that I am not
prepared at this time to do that. I am mention-
ing some of the consideiations that would be
pertinent, but I do not know what has been the
operation of this treaty. It will appear from our
published reports of Commerce and Navigation
coming from the Secretary of the Treasury. I
have not had time to examine them; 1 am not
prepared at this time to discuss this matter, and
I did not suppose it was to be taken up at this
time.
Mr JOHNSON. I ask if it is the purpose of
the Senator from Massachusetts to press a decis-
ion on th^ resolution now. .
Mr. SUMNER. I hope to have avme at once.
Mr. OONNESS. Why not?
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no objection individ-
ually to taking it up and having it considered at
this time; but i hope that the honorable chair-
man will not press it to a vote to-day. Perhaps'
