862
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February It
to economize. Two things are certain: this re-
bellion must be put down; it will be put down;
and another tiling is just as certain, that when it
is put down the nations of the earth will have
notice that we are prepared to defend ourselves
against the open as well as the covert attacks of
an opposing world.
I hope, sir, that all the appropriations thatthis
careful, scrutinizing committee calls for will be
voted by the Senate. I know the care with which
the chairman of this committee investigates and
reports, and upon his suggestion that certain ap-
propriations are necessary, Nevada—I think I
can speak for my colleague—will give two votes
without any reference to the magnitude of what is
required. Yonder mountains are full of themate-
rial with which to pay the national obligation.
Providence has kindly stored away in the lofty
mountains of Nevada, and Idaho, and Oregon,
treasure enough to make the debt which we now
owe, or may owe at the conclusion of this bloody
war, dwindle and dwarf into insignificance. Open
up to us a way by which we can get the means
of producing it, and we can as well give you
$500,000,000 a year as the §30,000,000 that we
annually send you now. Sir, I know of no debt
that is too mighty for a nation to incur to save its
freedom. 1 know of no debt that should stand
between us and the puttingdown of this rebellion.
_ Mr. SAULSBURY. Nothing but a sincere de-
sire to hear the concluding remarks of the honor-
able Senator from Nevada could have induced mc
to come here this evening, i am not in favor of
evening sessions, and do not intend under any
circumstances to attend them unless there is some
important question to b'e decided,or where some
remarks have been made before the recess in the
afternoon which shall require my presence.
The honorable Senator from Nevada, in the
opening of his remarks, was kind enough to make
some personal allusions to myself. "While giving
me credit personally for loyalty he suggested that
the sound of my voice reminded him of the utter-
ances of former days from Wigfali and others.
Let me tell that Senator, if he had read aright the
history of those days he would have found that
when on the first day the last annual message of
President Buchanan came into this Chamber, and
Mr. lverson and Mr. Wigfali occupied the whole
day in proclaiming the doctrine of secession, when
no Senator on that side of the Chamber rose to
utter one word of protest, it was the Senator from
Delaware, who, as a motion was made to adjourn,
rose in his place and asked forfiveminutes'of the
time of the Senate, and then and t,here declared
that his State, having been the first to enter the
Federal Union, would under any and all circum-
stances be the last to abandon it. So much for
the similarity of the sound of the voice of Mr.
Wigfali and the Senator from Delaware.
It must have been amusing to you, Senators,
who all your life-time have been opposing the
Democratic party, to hear the confessions and the
experiences of the new converts to your faith made
in the SenateChamberthis afternoonand thiseven-
ing. The honorable Senator from New Hamp-
shire introduced the class-meeting and the love-
feast, and you, old opponents of the Democracy,
have stood by quietly. I suppose the meeting
was an open one, and the exercises commenced
for the special purpose of letting new converts
give in their experience, confess their errors, and
to avow perpetual cordiality of sentiment between
you and them in the future. The Senator who
opened it was himself an old political sinner ac-
cording to your modern notions. My honorable
friend from Wisconsin who followed has not
been very long in a st^ite of grace; and now
comes the new and eloquent Senator from Nevada,
whose utterances I read when I was a school-boy
in behalf of this old sinning and sinful Democratic
party 
Mr. NYE. Will the Senator allow me a mo-
ment?
Mr. SAULSBURY. Certainly.
Mr. NYE. My answer is that when I was a
child I thought as a child. [Laughter.]
Mr. SAXJLSHUEY, Mr. President, there is a
second childhood. We have our first; we have
our manhood; and what do you think of the sta^e
of second childhood into which the Senator has
The new converts have given in their experi-
ence; out I have heard nothing drop from their
lips to contradict this proposition which I intend
to submit: notwithstanding all the funs of the
Democratic party, notwithstanding their attach-
ment to slavery, if attachment it be—I should
rather say, notwithstanding their devotion to
the Constitution of their country—all these gen-
tlemen who have spoken remained with it, in-
dorsed it, and occupied the chicf places in its
political synagogue until very recently. I think
that you, Senators, old opponents of -the Democ-
racy, have shown very kindly feelings in allow-
ing the young converts on this occasion to give
in their political experience. You remember the
admonition of Scripture, " Carry the lambs in
your bosom." You are taking care of the lambs
of the flock.
But the honorable Senator proposes to inform
me correctly in reference to the history of my
Government. He volunteers to show me from
authentic record two instances in which the writ
of habeas corpus has been suspended by Demo-
cratic Administrations; and what is the first? He
tells us that when the first Democratic Vice Pies-
identof the United States committed treason,the
writ was suspended by Jefferson. There was
something in the tone of the honorable Senator
in referring to Aaron Burr as having been the first
Democratic Vice President that would suggest to
the mind of a casual listener that the honorable
Senator was so shocked that he never could have
belonged to or had connection with a party whose
first Vice President was a traitor; and yet, not-
withstanding the treason of Aaron Burr, the hon-
orable Senator was a most devout worshiper at
the Democratic shrine.
But was the honorable Senator correct in his
historical reference? I ask you,sir, to notice the
difference in the view taken by the Senator from
Wisconsin and the Senator from Nevada, these
two new converts to Republican faith, and old
Democratic sinners—without any personal dis-
respect, however, to either. See how they differ.
The honorable Senator from Wisconsin denies
that Jefferson was a Democrat. The honorable
Senator from Nevada, to give a thrust at the
Democratic party, quotes him as a Democrat, and
says that lie suspended the writ of habeas corpus,
and therefore the suspension has Democratic war-
rant. Sir, Thomas Jeffei son never did any such
thing. Kereistherecord. 1 have had occasion
before to discuss that question in the Senate of
the United States, and 1 now refer to it as taken
from the Annals ofCongrPss, which I presumethe
young Republican from Nevada ha^ not yet con-
sulted, having taken it upon faith when he was
a Democrat. Here itis, sir. Let us see whether
Thomas Jefferson ever assumed to do any such
thing. I quote from remarks heretofore made by
me in the Senate of the United States upon the
suspension of the writ of habeas corpus:
"The fit st occasion for the practical consultation of the
question arose iu 1807. and grew our of the all. -<"d con-
spiracy of Aaron Burr. Thomas JmIchoii w..s Piesident.
and James Madison, who had much to do with the framing
ol that instrument, and who is universally admitted toliave
had as correct a knowledge ot its piovi>«ions asatiymnn of
his day, was his Secretary of State. Three men, Boliman
Swnrtwout, and Ogden, weie arrest! at Now Orirans on
affidavits charging them with treason, made by Generals
Wilkinson, .Eaton, and others; and the two touner were
sent to the JDisUict of Columbia, and thereupon^—
Mark you, it was no act of Thomas Jefferson,
no act of a Democratic Administration, but the act
of military officers assuming to act independently
of law— ' '
"and thereupon, on the 26th of January, 1807, Mr Jeffer-
son sent tn the Senate and Houte of Kepitoenutives the
following message:"
I will quote it in full, so that the new Repub-
lican from Nevada and the old Democrat from
New York may have the benefit of the message,
to see what is the truth of the record:
'"I received from General Wilkinson, on the 23d instant
his affidavit, charging Samuel Swai twout, l'eter V. Oden'
and James Alexander with the crimes, de-erilx-d in the
affidavit, a copy of which is now communicated to both
Houses of Congress. It was announced to me at the same
time that ijwartwout and Boliman, two of the uer-ons apl
prehended by him, « ere aimed in the city in custody each
of a military otneer.'"
That was the first thing Mr. Jefferson knew
about it.
"'I immediately delivered to the attorney of the United
States tn this Di.-tnct the evidence ieceived n«iunst them
with instructions to lay the same before the judges.'  '
Not before a military commission, not before
a court-martial, as this modern Democratic pa-
triot, Edwin M.Stanton, is in the habit of doing,
whose record I propose to give in evidence, before
I shall have concluded, upon this very subject of
loyalty; for I find that the most loyai men now
in the country are backsliders from the Demo-
cratic faith, from the principles the Democmtic
party has held from the beginning, and from the
great doctrines of State rights which i was taught
to believe were true in my infancy, which I be-
lieved in my ripening manhood, and which the
future experience of this country will prove are
true.
"1 T immediately delivered to the attorneyof the United
States in this Distiict the evidence received against tlmm,
with instructions to lay the same before the judges, and
apply for their piocess to bring the accused to justice, and
put into his hands orders to the officers having them in
custody to deliver them '"—
To whom?
" ' to the marshal on hii application.' "
What kind of a marshal? A provost marshal?
No sir; the civil officer, the marshal of this Dis-
trict. There is the record of how Thomas Jef-
ferson and Mr. Madison acted. Sir, they were
giants, and could tread majestically on Alpine
heights and be recognized as giants still. To com-
pare them with the men of the presentday would
be to compare giants with pigmies, who though
perched on Alps are pigmies still.
Such is the history of that case. What is it in
reference to General Jackson ? General Jackson's
action was not in accordance with theaction now-
adays. New Orleans was his camp. A judge
was in his camp; and I believe it is atfimtted by
most men, although 1 do not know exactly wheth-
er it ought to have been admitted, 'that within the
military lines the will of the commanding officer
is the law. But, sir, does that precedent support
the position which the honorable Senator lias as-
sumed? Not so. When the immediate danger
in that case passed process was issued against the
commanding general of thatdepartment, Andrew
Jackson. What did he do? Did he do as your
officials do now, set at defiance the mandates of
the courts and say, " We strut the stage a brief
hour with military authority, and we will not heed
the commands of a judicial tribunal?" No, sir;
the man whose whole life had been devoted to his
country walked into the court-house, obeyed the
process, heard the sentence imposed, and paid the
fine in obedience to law, and, though a grateful
country afterward, in consideration of the valua-
ble services he had rendered, refunded that fine,
it was no judgment of the country that the act was
in compliance with law.
But the honorable Senator from Nevada speaks
of modern Democrats, and he seems rather indig-
nant that the history of the Democratic party
should be put in opposition to the history of the
Republican jJarty. Sir, what history have you?
Hetalksof his State of Nevada in her swaddling-
clothes. Before yourparty was in its swaddling-
clothes your country became great, powerful, and
mighty among the nations of the earth through
the action of the Democratic party. What record
have you? What great principle in legislation
having reference to the interests of the white race
have you ever inaugurated? What word in be-
half of that race has your party ever uttered?
Your record, as far as utterances go, is simply
that of sympathy, and, Imust say from your legis-
lation, affiliation with the negro race at the ex-
pense of the I ace to which you belong. For the
first time since God made man and since the or-
ganization of human government we behold the
example of a proud, gallant, superior race bend-
ing their energies to degrade themselves down to
the level of an inferior race. Thank God ! the
pioud mission of the Democratic party has ever
been to develop the godlike elements of the white
man.
Another charge brought by the honorable Sen-
atoi against the old party at whose breast he first
diew tne milk of life was that it was in favor of
peace. It has become treasonable nowadays to
be in favor of peace. Whence the origin of your
doctrine, and whence the origin of ouis? Peace
concern s from heaven; war springs from hell. At
midnight, on old Judea's plains, the peaceful
shepnerds watched their flocks by night, when,
lo. the angelic messengers of heavenly mercy
thronged the air and swept the land, proclaiming
Peace on earth." The heralding of a Saviour's
birth was followed by a life devoted to the incul-
