THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PllOCEIiDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY F. & J. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirtt-Eightfi Congress. 2d Session.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1865.
New Series No. 55.
the absence of any national establishment immediate con-
tra •ts tor the construction of armored vessel* were called
for on every hand. The authorities oj the States and cities
on the suab'Mid were appealing to the Depaitment and the
Government for iron-clad vessels to defend their hatbors
from the two or three rover- that were then already abroad,
and gient apprehensions were entertained that certain for-
midable s.lups in the process of constiuction in France and
England for the rebels would soon visit our coast. Many
who may now be forward m criticise and censure the en-
larged and energetic action that was taken were at that
tune profuse in censure of the Department for delays in not
more promptly providing whatevervessels were necessary
for the service.
Congress having omitted to provide an establishment for
the construction of an iron navy, where this class of ar-
mored vessels of light diaught could be constructed, the
Department has been compelled to rely on contractors and
outside parties in different sections of the country for the
work.
The parties contracting have generally exerted them-
selves to meet in good faith the requirements of the Gov-
ernment, and it is a subject of just congratulation that, in
this great emergency, when the Department was com-
pelled to act without precedent to guide it, and when the
Government had omitted to furnish a suitable establish-
ment, private enterprise and our skilled mechanics have
so well met the difficulties presented.
Mr. J. B. Eadess,ol St. Louis, furnished the light-draught
river boats which have been so successful on the Missis-
sippi and also in the bay of Mobile. Captain Ericsson,
tiie inventor of the monitor class of vessels, furnished the
idea which is now near practical consummation. Although
as yet untried these ves elsdilfer so little tiom the original
monitor that there is eveiy reason to anticipate their suc-
cess. To predict otherwise would be presumption; yet
it has been the misfortune of the Department to encounter
hostility and forebodings of failure with every impiove-
ment winch has been made dating the war, and often from
those of whom encouragement and support might reason-
ably have been expected. Some of the best engineers and
constructors in the scrvice of the Government, as well as
others, expressed their want of confidence in the first
monitor and declared it would prove a lailure. Itwasrep-
resented that she could not float, that she would plunge to
the bottom when launched, and that to send her to Hamp-
ton llond-i would he recklessness amounting to crime. A
constant succession of struggles against piejudice, igno-
rance, and fixed habits and opinions, has been the late of
the Department at every step which the extraordinary ex-
igencies of this war have compelled it to take. While it
is not difficult to criticise and pointout mistakes in a new
description of vessels which the change in naval warfare
has suddenly called into existence, and to suggest altera-
tions and improvements on what has already transpired,
it is a satisfaction to the Department which was com-
pelled to encounter this opposition to .know that thisclass
of vessels, subjected at the beginning to ridicule and sub-
sequently to obloquy and denunciation, has been success-
fully tried in battle and in stoim—that these vessels have
equaled the expectations of the country in periods of
peril, and have been extensively copied abroad. Other
Governments are adopting them, while many ot the dis-
contented of our own country still question the wisdom of
building vessels ot the cla^s which has at a critical mo-
maut rendeied unequaled service to the Union and saved
the capital of the nation.
In encouragingconttast with the illiberal and prejudiced
opinions which have opposed all impi ovements, denounced
them in advance as iailuies, and been dissatisfied eveu
with successful results, are the observations and reflec-
tions of the sagacious and sensible author of the recent
valuable work on "English and French neutrality," who,
appreciating the difficulties of the Department, remarks at
page 458 of his instructive volume:
u It is no small proof of ability in the management of
the Navy that there was skill enough to piovide, and in-
dependence enough to use, a form of war-ship and a kind
of cannon before untried, but which time and experience
have shown ^ere alone of all ships and weapons then
known capable of meeting the emeigeney."
At the present time thv eall for hght*draught ironclads
comes from every squadion engaged in tlnssiruggle. Act-
ing Rear Admiial Lee says that within the limits of his
command there must be a large increase of hght-diaught
iron-olads. Vice Admiral Farragut, before he left the scene
of his great exploits, asked for additional iron-olads es-
pecially those of light draught, and declared that the coast
could not be held unless he had them. In each of the
blockading and river squadrons they aie required.
Nearly two years have elap.-ed since any contracts have
been entered into tor this class of vessels, and it is hoped
the present war is so near it*, close that noiuriherexpewh-
tures for additional ones will be necessary; but should the
war continue a year longer more will be wanted.
My acknowledgments are due to the committee for this
oppmtimity to express my views. I shall feel under obli-
gations to them or others, as will the whole countrv, for
any improvements or suggestions which they may propose
in consequence ot their investigations, or for any undetected
errors or mistakes which they may discover, in order that
their conclusions and recommendations in this great emer-
gency may be brought to the aid or the Department on this
most interesting and important subject.
I am, very respeeUuUy, your obedient servant,
GIDEON WELLES,
Secretary of the Navv.
B. F. Wade, y
Chairman of the Committee on the Conduct of War.
55
Mr. President, here is the committee on the
conduct of the war pursuing: an ex parte exami-
nation, calling before it whom it pleases, and only
whom it pleases, reaching the conclusion that these
vessels are a failure. The Secretary of the Navy,
surrounded by naval officeis, seeing daily, if not
hourly, the- men who are conveisant with naval
constructions and the performance of naval ves-
sels, having reports at the end of every week from
the experts and inspectors who are placed in
charge of the construction of these vessels, know-
ing what the reports are from the officers who are in
command of the various squadrons of the perform-
ances of similar or nearly similar vessels, comes
to the conclusion that they are not failures; but
on the contrary that, they will be of great value
to the Government. Now,whntis the wise course
for us to pursue? Would it be wise for us, upon
a supply bill, an appropriation hill, on the mere
suggestion of the Senator from Ohio, predicated
upon testimony that is not before us, which we
have not an opportunity to read, or to analyze, or
to examine at all, to undertake to condemn these
vessels as though we were naval experts, revo-
lutionize the entire Navy Departmentffcnd put it
into commission? Could a more atajriurd propo-
sition besubmitted to us? After heapngthis letter
from the Secretary, is any one satisfied that we
have squandered §10,000,000 up«n these iron-
clads?
In regard to thei$e light-draught iron-clads, the
facts are very simple. We had a board that sat
originally in 1861 ttfr determine the character of
the vessels that should be built with the million
and a half of dollars appropriated at the extra
session in July of that "2<? r for the construction
of iron-clad vessels-of-waitf. That board was com-
posed of three superior officers in the Navy. They
reported in favor of three difFeientchisses of ves-
sels. They reported in favor of the Ironsides,
which is an excellent vessel; in favor of the Ga-
lena, which has turned out to be a failure; and
they said to Mr. Ericsson, who proposed to build
the original Monitor, that he might build that ves-
sel for a given sum of money, a small price, and
run his own risk upon her; if she turned out to
be a success the Government would take her, and
if otherwise it would not. That Monitor,at the
time she fought the Merrimac,and relieved us of
the great weight that rested upon upon every man
here in Washington after the destruction of the
Congress and Cumberland, was not the property
of the United States, but belonged to John Erics-
son and the men who were associated with him
in building her.
Whenever the Government has any of these
works going on at private yards it directs an en-
gineer to supervise the woik, and to see that the
contractors put the proper material and the proper
kind of workmanship in the vessel. The en-
gineer in the Navy who was engaged in that busi-
ness in New York at the beginning of the work
on the first monitor was Mr. A. C. Sttmers, the
gentleman who was the witness before the com-
mittee on the conduct of the war. He is quite
a skillful man. I believe he has the reputation of
being an excellent engineer. He was associated
with Mr. Ericsson, and Mr. Ericsson furnished
to him the computations, or they made them to-
gether, as to the floating capacity, or the buoy-
ancy, or the displacement, or whatever may be
the technical term, of the different vessels of the
monitor type that were built. When the contract
was made for building these light-draught iron-
clads, the Department directed that they would
be built under the supervision, with the advice,
and under the direction of Ericsson and Stimers,
as all the preceding ones had been built. But it
seems that some misunderstanding grew up be-
tween Ericsson and Stimers, and Mr. Stimers,
without letting the Department know anything
about it, undertook to make the computations
himself, unaided by and without consulting
Ericsson. He never sent the plans or specifica-
tions of these vessels to the Navy Departmentas
is testified before you here this evening by both
John Lenthall and Benjamin P. Isherwood. There
whs where the trouble arose. There was a mis-
take made in the computation of the displacement
of the vessels. There is no question about that*
That mistake was not detected until the first ves-
sel was launched, and would not have occurred
had Mr. Sumers consulted with Mr. Ericsson&s
he had been instiueted to do, and as he had done
from the time the first monitor was contracted for.
Now, Mr. President, let us see what it is pro-
posed by the Senator from Ohio that we should
do. This amendment provides:
ndbe it farther enacted, That the President, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, shall appoint a
Doard of Admiralty, which shall consist of the vice admi-
ral, one rear admiral, one commodore, one captain, one
commander, and one lieutenant commander, over which
the Secretary of the Navy or the officer of highest rank
present shall preside; and when tiie subject under consid-
eration shall appertain to tiie duties of any bureau in the
Navy Department, the chief of such bureau shall be aincm-
ber of the board, and entitled to sit and vote ou the sub-
ject.
1 should be pleased if the Senator would in-
form me what will be the tenure of office of this
Board of Admiralty.
Mr. WADE. 1 suppose they will hold-their
offices at the will of the President, as others do.
J suppose the President will have power to turn
them out of office and displace them if he sees fit,
as there is no time limned.
Mr. GRIMES. Five naval officers, officers of
the line, sea officers, are provided for who are to
hold their offices during the will and pleasure of
the President according to the construction the
Senator from Ohio gives here, and the Secretary
of the Navy is to preside over them. It is to be
a kind of New England town meeting, if any
question comes before this Admiralty Board in
connection with any one of the bureaus, the head
of that bureau is then to be permitted to come in
and participate in the discussions.
Has the Senator forgotten, or has he not been
informed that within the last few years a great
revolution has come over all the navies of the
world ? Does he not know that the most import-
ant officer on board of every ship-of-war, next
to the man actually in command, is the engineer?
Is he going to intrust the whole Navy of the
United Stales to thehands of five line officer*,
without any consultation or advice or uniting with
them and giving any voice to the staff officers of
the Navy ?
Mr. WADE. It is provided that they may
take the advice of any one skilled.
Mr. GRIMES. Can they not do that now?
Mr. WADE. They do not.
Mr. GRIMES. I aasert that they do. Iassert
that there lias not been any important measure
taken by the Navy Department in the last four
years without calling:to its aid a board of officers,
and the ad vantage of the present system over that
proposed is obvious. There are some particular
officers who are experts in ordnance. The Sec-
retary of the Navy can convene a board of ex-
perts of five or seven or nine men who are dis-
tinguished in that particular department; they
would be able to report something that would
valuable to the Secretary of the Navy and advan-
tageous to the country. But every question in
regard to ordnance is to be submitted, under this
proposition of the Senator from Ohio, to a board
of sea officers who may or may not know any-
thing about ordnance. We have had time and
time again boaids of engineers assembled to which
various questions have been referred by the Sec-
retary of the Navy. They have been composed
of experts in that particular Department. The
advice that they have been in the habit of giving
to the Secretary of the Navy has been of value
and will continue to be of value to the Govern-
ment; but of what value, I pray to be informed,
would be the opinion of these five sea officers in
regard to the construction of engines? They
know no more about engines than the Senator
from Ohio or I know about them, and I appre-
hend that we are about equally ignorant on that
subject. So  also* in relation to various speck!
