866
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
branches of the service. The amendment farther
is:
Sec.—. And be it further enacted JThat the board shall de-
liberate in common and advise the becretary on any matters
relating to naval organization, naval legislation, the con-
struction, equipment, and armament of vessels, navy-yards,
and other naval establishments, and the direction, employ-
ment, and disposition of the navai forces in time of war,
when required by him. All such opinions shall be recorded.
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, Thatnovessel-of-war
shall be built or materially altered, nor any guns of new
construction ordered or adopted, nor any engine for any
ves<?el-of-war adopted or ordered, nor any permanent struc-
ture for naval service executed, until the plans, estimates,
proposals, and contracts for the same shall have been sub-
mitted to the board, and its opinion and advice thereon
"communicated in writing to the Secretary; nor shall any
patented invention be bought or adopted for the naval ser-
vice without first the opinion of the board thereon having
been taken; and ali experiments to test inventions and na-
val plans and structures &hall be conducted under the in-
spection of the board, or members thereof named by the
Secretaiy, and submitted to the board for its opinion
thereon; and all courts-martial ordered by the Secretory
of the Navy shall be detailed by the board.
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, That all invitations
for plans or proposals for any of the works above men-
tioned shall be prepared by the board, suhjpet to the ap-
proval of the Secretary; and all bids or offers or pioposals
for the same shall be opened m the presence of the board,
and the award made by it, subject to the approval 01* the
Secretary.
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary
may add to the board from time to ume other officers of
the Navy eligible to the position of chief of bureau, not ex-
ceeding three at any time, for consultation on any of'the
above subjects. The board may take the opinion of emi-
nent pratical engineers, mechanics, machinists, and archi-
tects, in their respective blanches of art or industry, when
in th^ir opinion the public service will be promoted by it,
and pay them such reasonable compensation as the Secre-
tary may approve.
. Mark the second section of the proposed amend-
ment. As I construe it, it virtually takes the
control of the Navy from the Secretary and gives
it to this board. Not the most trivial thing can
be-done by him independently of the board, and
he is expressly denied the power to even detail a
court-martial.
■ This board may take the advice of engineers and
naval architects, but there is nothing- requiring
them to do it. The Senator does not put a naval
architect, or constructor, or engineer upon the
board, and—and that is a very important item—
he puts upon it no one to represent the supply
department of the Navy, but he leaves the whole
charge and control of the Navy, in fact, to this
board of line officers, saying that they may if
they choose ask the advice, not receive the coun-
sel of, not to allow to participate in their delib-
erations, these officers of staff branches of the ser-
vice.
The amendment means neither more nor less
than this, if it means anything: to put the Naval
Department into commission, to put it into lead-
ing strings, to put it in the control of some line
officers who have been for a long time in the ser-
vice; or elseitmeans to furnish to the Naval De-
partment a subterfuge by which itcan at all times
avoid responsibilty. Either it means to give the
control of the Navy Department to these commis-
sioners, or else the effect will be to furnish the
Secretary of the Navy the means in the future of
avoiding all responsibility for his acts by thrust-
ing everything off upon this board of commis-
sioners. Do you wish to divide responsibility
thus ? Do you wish to give the Secretary of the
Navy an opportunity to shuffle off ali responsi-
bility for his acts upon this board of iirespon-
sible officers, who hold their commissions by a
life tenure? I surely do not.
Yet, Mr. President, that will be the effect of
this amendment if adopted. That is the effect
of the British admiralty administration to-day.
There is nothing that the members of the naval
profession in England are so anxious to get rid
of as their admiralty system, after which this
amendment is modeled. They saw lit two hun-
dred^ years ago to put their office of lord high
admiral into commission, and it is now wielded
by just about such a board as the Senator has
proposed to crcate here, and what is the result of
it? Precisely the result that I predict will follow
here.^ A British writer on the admiralty admin-
istration says:
" It is unnecessary to Insist at any leneth on the evil of
divided eouuciK which must often occur amon" six per-
son-brought together by the ehaptei oj accidents? without
previous knowledge of each other's views, and in fact the
admiralty often represents nothing so completely as the
endless diversity of opinions which prevail among naval
oflicer*; u diversity which on the other hand is partly ac-
counted for by the absence of any standard course of
policy to be discovered m the conduct of successive naval
administrations."
And he says, further:
" With respect to navai officers the case is not more en-
couraging, for the only one subject on which there is gen-
eral agreement among them is the utter hopelessness of
any good result arising from a system which is felt to hang
Uke a blight over the navy."
That is a navy board which the Senator from
Ohio would induce the American Senate to adopt
and incorporate into our system. Sir Charles
Napier, a great naval authority, says:
" Believing, as I do, that no permanent good canbedone
for the service'until the Board of Admiralty is abolished, I
shall point out what appears to me would be the best mode
of ruling the navy, although that step has not been taken."
Sir George Cockburn has said:
"Having filled the station of confidential or piincipal
sea lord of the admiralty for more than seventeen years,
I feel that my opinion regarding the constitution of the
board may sooner or later be deemed worthy of considera-
tion and attention. I am induced, therefore, to place m
writing the decisions to winch my experience has brought
me on this point.
4<I have no hesitation in stating that I consider the pres-
ent establishment of that board to be the most unsatisfac-
tory and least efficient for its purpose that could have been
devised."
Mr. President, if you adopt this scheme for a
Board of Admiralty, one or two things will fol-
low: either the appointments that will be made
under it will be made by the President of the Uni-
ted States upon the suggestion of the Secretary of
the Navy, and therefore you will have no more
nor less than the tools, the pets, or the friends of
the Secretary of the Navy to compose it; or the
appointments will be made independently of him
and will be antagonistic to him, and thus you will
secure divided councils. Which of the horns of
that dilemma will the Senate prefer? Suppose
that a new Secretary of the Navy should come
into office on the 4th of March, will not the Pres-
ident detail or appoint for his associates in this
board men whom he will designate, with whom
he is familiar, and with whom he is willing to co-
operate? Or, if the present Secretary shall be
continued, do you suppose the President will se-
lect men whom Mr. Welles will not desire to unite
in his councils? If they are not thus appointed,
if the President does not regard the wishes of the
Secretary, as I suppose he will, he will select men
who are in opposition and in hostility to him, and
in that case how will the Navy Department be
conducted ? You will have such confusion as no
executive officer in this Government was ever yet
cursed with.
Mr. President, I trust that it is hardly necessary
for me to say anything more this evening in oppo-
sition to the adoption of this amendment. I believe
that a more disastrous measure for the Navy could
not be devised. I know that there are some offi-
cers who are in favor of it. 1 am tolerably fa-
miliar with the sentiment of the Navy, and while
some of the older officers who have spoken with
me, arid others who have not spoken with me,
with whom I am acquainted, are in favor of it, I
know that the bone and sinew, the heart and the
muscle of the Navy, the men who do the labor and
who are destined to do it, the men in mature life,
and from that down to the young passed midship-
men, are utterly and wholly hostile to it.
Sir, what has been our experience on this sub-
ject i W e had this Navy boaid once or some tiling
tantamount to it. As a friend said to me yestei°
day, when the proposition was introduced here,
" When we got rid of the old board in 1842 we
felt as Sindbad the sailor felt when the Old Man of
the Sea was lifted off his shoulders." It was an
incubus on the Navy, and was so regarded at that
time by everybody except some of the old post
captains who were assigned as members of the
board. It was an inefficient organization, and
was so considered by every one whose opinion
was worth anything. Every nation on the face
of the earth that has had it or anything like it is
attempting to abolish it. The Senator from Ohio
proposes that we now in a time of war, when of
all other times thereshould not beany division in
council, shall adopt it, and make it part of our
system, without any consideration, and without
any report by a committee of this body in favor
of it, and adopt it, too, upon an appropuation
bill !
Mr. President, I have been asked two or three
times in private conversation , by members of this
body and of the other House, why it is that we
have not built any other iron vessel of the descrip-
tion of the Ironsides, why we have not built larger
vessels corresponding with the large vessels that
have been built by France and England.
Mr. WADE. They are failures; that is the
reason.
Mr. GRIMES. That is one reason, and it is
also because the Senate and House of Represent-
atives very wisely refused to do it. The Navy
Department, it will be remembered by the mem-
bers of this body, made estimates for large iron-
clad ships, in obedience to the expressed wishes
of the commercial cities on the Atlantic coast,
and sent those estimates here. We refused to
vote them. For one, I refused my vote because
I relied upon that system which is now proved to
be the best naval system in the world, with the
best ships for the purpose that the American na-
tion desires to accomplish. Everybody admits
that the monitors are an admirable sea defense;
that for the purpose for which they were origin-
ally designed, the protection of our harbors,
nothing exceeds them; the Senator from Ohio
says " Provided you can get them fiom one har-
bor to another." Have any gone down except
the earliest built and most incomplete, the Moni-
tor and Weehawken? Have they not been taken
from our north Atlantic cities around Cape Hat-
teras to the Gulf of Mexico ?
The trouble about the monitors has arisen from
the fact that their friends have claimed too much
for them while their enemies have too greatly
undervalued them. The truth, as isgenerally the
case, lies in the mean between the two parties. I
am not much of a believer in them as sea-going
vessels; I would notrecommend them as cruisers;
but for harbor defense, the purpose for which
they were originally devised, they are unap-
proached by anything yetinvented by the ingenu-
ity of man.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator permitme
for an instant to make a suggestion on that point?
Mr. GRIMES. Certainly.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish simply to state that
there are demands for an increase of the Navy on
the Pacific coast, and there is great propriety in
making that increase; and in some of my most
recent conferences with the Navy Department
they have announced it as their intention to send
some of the monitors around through the straits
of Magellan to that coast, and said at the same
time that they were willing to take passage in
them.
Mr. GRIMES. In answer to the suggestion
which has just been made it will not be inappro-
priate for me to read a short extract from a report
of Admiral Porter in regard to vessels of the mon-
itor class of which the Monadnock is the type.
Here let me say what may perhaps be known to
every Senator, but I will state it nevertheless, that
the Monadnock is the only one of these vessels that
has been built by the United States Government
at a navy-yard. All others have been built by con-
tractors; and many of the difficulties that have
been experienced in regard to these vessels have
originated from the fact stated by Mr. Welles
in his letter to the Senator from Ohio, that the
vessels were not made at our navy-yards, under
ourown superintendence,and have suffered from
overweight and underweight and defective mate-
rials. Where tfie vessels have been made at our
own navy-yards, under our own superintendence,
by our own workmen, no such difficulties have
ever been expeiienoed. Admiral Porter says:
"Aa to the Monadnock, she could ride out a «ale at
anchor in the Atlantic ocean. She is certainlv a mo. t per-
fect success, so far as the hull and machinery are concerned,
and is only defective in some minor detail--, which in the
building of these vessels require the Mipej jotondence of a
thorough seaman and a practical and itig(*mou« man.
''The Monadnock is capable of rrosMmf the ocean alone,
(when her compasses aie once adjusted properly.) and
could destroy any vessel m the French or ilimsh navy, lay
their towns under contribution, and return again (provided
she could pick up coal) without fear of being followed.
She could certainly clear any hat bor on our coa-t 01 block
aders, in case we were at war with a foreign Power. As
strong and thick a-* the sides of this vessel are, one heavy
shot from fort Fisher indented the iron on her side armor,
without, however, domgaoy material damage. Tnese ves-
sels have laid five d.ty< flr(l from Port Fisher, an-
chored ie^s than eig'it bundled yaids off, and though fired
at a great deal, they were s"idom hit* and received 110 in-
jury, except to boats and lijjlit matter about decks, which
were pretty \yell cut ro pieces."
I suppose that is sufficient testimony as to tha
