m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
December 21,
be prepared to show to the country that every-
thing has been done that can be done to relieve the
people from their suspicions that our citizens who
aye captured are needlessly suffering.
Now, I happen to have before me a newspaper
containing an account of the sufferings of two
citizens of Cincinnati who have been eight and
ten months in Libby prison, and who have not
teen exchanged, and cannot be exchanged; and
this paper, though friendly to the Administration,
and to the gentleman having charge of the War
Department, charges upon them that they have
been derelict in duty. I am not prepared to say
that thej^aper is right; I do not make any charge
of that kind; b-ut I say that we should furnish to
the people of the country a knowledge of the
facts, and the only way is to give the Adminis-
tration and the War Department an opportunity
to let the people see what efforts they have made
tp relieve the condition of affairs. I trust, there-
fore, that the resolution will not be referred, but
that opportunity will be given to the War De-
partment to do itself justice, if injustice has been
done it; and if not, it will give us an opportunity
to predicate that action which will require that
justice shall be done to our citizens.
Mr. COX. I think I can answer the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] in such
a way as to get his assistance in the passage of
this resolution. He thinks that there is some
imputation in the introduction of this resolution,
or oy its terms, upon the Secretary of War. That
is not the case. The resolution simply asks the
Secretary of War, if not incompatible with the
public interest, to send us all the correspondence
upon this subject. There is no imputation con-
tained in it, direct or implied; and if the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania is in favor of this system
of retaliation 
Mr. STEVENS. Let me say to the gentleman
that if I were quite sure that the amend merit would
pievail I would withdraw my motion; and I will
do so for the purpose of trying it.
Mr. COX. Very well. 1 willadd butonc more
remark in response to another made by the gen-
tleman. The resolution of the gentleman from
New Hampshire [Mr. Rollins] has been referred,
and the gentleman from Pennsylvania wants it
considered. J am surprised that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania justifies that resolution on the
ground of retaliation as something known to the
laws of civilized warfare. There are laws for
war, and one of the laws of war provides for the
humane, kind, and just treatment of all prisoners
taken even in civil war. I know that thegentle-
raan from Pennsylvania would not put the torture
or the thumb-screw or reduce to skeletons the
prisoners in our hands because the other side have
done it. I do not believe so illy of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania as that. But as he wants the
matter investigated by the committee, this cone-
Npondence would evidently assist that committee
in the investigation. Let them have all the light
which the War Depaitirient can throw upon the
subject, so that the gentle man from New Hamp-
shire may have the subject of his resolution prop-
erly investigated.
Mr. KASSON. Will the gentleman from Ohio
allow me to offer an amendment, which he may
accept or allow me to take a vote upon ?
Mr. COX. I will hear it read.
The proposed amendment was read, as follows:
And that he report therewith whether the treatment l v
the United States Government of rebel prisnneis nndet its
control is better in re&pcft t<  food, clothing, caio, and at-
tention than the treatment extended by tnu i<'Ik'1 antbon-
Ue-, to pusoner-s captu.^d b/t'"'": -vu w ,w '!i<: ; L
judgment, the same provisions for the custody and e-neot
rebel prisoner* extended bv the->e authmities to our tap-
tuicd :-oldteis may be propetly eAtended to their soldiets
when eaptmed by «=?, with a view to secure mote humane
treatment of pi Uouors by the rebels.
Mr. KASSON. I desire to say to the gentle-
man from Ohio that my object is that his appli-
cation for information, to which I think there is
no valid objection, shall go to the same committee
to which the other resolution was referred, so that
we may have the benefit of a full statement from
the Secretary of War of the facts upon cach side,
and that he may state the opinion of himself, as
the ht ad of that Department, whether the pro-
posed measme would have the effect to increase
humanity toward ourpilsoners in the South. I
can see no objection to taking the opinion of the S
War Department upon that subject. I
I renew the motion withdrawn by my colleague,
[Mr. Stevens,] to refer this whole subject to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Cox] is on the floor.
Mr. COX. I only yielded to my friend from
Iowa to offer his amendment.
Mr. KASSON. I ought to add, in the hearing
of the gentleman from Ohio, that the difference in
the treatment of prisoners is notorious to the peo-
ple of the Uo-ited States, but my object is to get
a specific statement of that difference not merely
that it may go to the people oftheUnited States, but
to Europe, where there has been a recent mani-
festo of the rebel authorities touching our inhu-
manity toward these prisoners. I wish to call
out a full statement, showing the rations, care,
place of custody, and all the facts in contrast to
the inhumanity practiced by the rebels.
Mr. COX. I have no objection to the gentle-
man's amendment, except the last clause. I do
not care, and 1 do not think the House would
care, to have the opinion of the Secretary ofWar
as to the subject of retaliation; whether it would
bring about a more humane treatment of our pris-
oners or not. I will accept the first clause of
the gentleman's amendment, so that the Secre-
tary can report on the comparative treatment of
prisoners on either side.
Mr. KASSON. I suggest to him that the last
clause is important, because we wish to know
whether such action on our part would be practi-
cable.
Mr. COX. I do not care anything about the
opinion of the Secretary of War, with all due
Courtesy to him. I want the facts. I will accept
the first part of the gentleman's amendment as
an amendment to mine; but I cannot accept the
last part of it.
The SPEAKER. Did the gentleman from
Ohio yield the floor to the gentleman from Iowa
to allow him to offer an amendment? If so, the
whole of the amendment can be voted on.
Mr. COX. 1 only yielded for the purpose of
having it read.
The SPEAKER. Then the latter part of the
amendment is not pending before the House.
Mr. COX. I modify my own amendment so
as to take in the first part of theamendment sug-
gested by the gentleman fiom Iowa.
Mr. THAYER, Mr. Speaker, I do not pro-
pose to discuss at the present time the subject of
retaliation. I do not understand that that ques-
tion is properly before the House. When that
subject shall be presented in any practical shape
for the action of the House it will present a veiy
grave and serious question; one which, I trust,
this House will not act upon without due delib-
eration and consideration. But, sir, with refer-
ence to the resolution which is now before the
House, I desire to say that it is a resolution which,
in my opinion, is demanded by the public sen-
timent of the country. There is hardly a fire-
side, sir, in the land which is not painfully inter-
ested, immediately or remotely, in the question
raised by this resolution—the question of a speedy
and general exchange of prisoners. I do not re-
gard the resolution or the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox] as containing any
imputation either on the Administration or on
the War Department of the Administration. It
conveys no such imputation. It simply calls for
information with reference to that in which the
people of the country feel a very deep and earn-
est interest. I have never yet seen the man who
has been able to give me an intelligible account of
what has occurred with reference to the negotia-
tions that have taken place in regard to the ex-
change of prisoners, or what have been precisely
the obstacles in the way of a general exchange of
prisoners. The people of the country desire in-
formation upon this subject—nay, I may use a
stronger term—they demand information on this
subject; and the resolution being properly guarded
so as not to require the Secretary of War to im-
part any information that may be detrimental to
the public interests, I am in favor of the resolu- ;
tion of the gentleman fiom Ohio. j
Sir, we cannot conduct the Government on the I
idea that a call for information from a Department !
of the Government is, as has been suggested, a
reflection on the integrity of the Government or i
on the ability with which the functions^of that j
Depai tment ha$ been discharged. We cannot I
administertheGovernmentonany such false idea.
It has been always administered heretofore on a
totally different principle; and that principle has
been that the people are entitled to and shall have
full, complete, and perfect information on all
matters relating to public affairs, so far as such
information is not for the time being incompati-
ble with the general interests of the country or
the proper administration of the Government.
In my view, therefore, sir, the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Ohio calling for
the correspondence On this subject conveys no
imputation upon the Government. It calls for
nothing that could be detrimental to the public
interests. It calls for information on a subject
in which the people of this country feel a very
deep interest, and for the correspondence of their
public agents upon that subject. For these rea-
sons I am in favor of the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, and shall vote for it.
Mr. CHANLER. Mr. Speaker, in regard to
this resolution I accept the remarks of the honor-
able gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Thayer]
as the indication of a new era in the conduct of
this war. He stands forth in bold relief on this
floor and in this debate as compared with his col-
league, [Mr. Stevens.] It is impossible, on this
or on any question relative to the treatment of
men, prisoners or otherwise, arrayed >n arms
against us or with us, to separate the motive from
the practice. I am astonished at the coolness and
the somewhat callous character of the temuiks of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ste-
vens,] who, while defending by his words, though
perhaps not by his motive, the barbarous resolu-
tion which gave rise to the present debate, intro-
duced by the gentleman frolft New Hampshire,
[Mr. Rollins,] favored the barbarous principle
of the lex talionis, declaring it to be one of the
principles of civilized war.
Retaliation is indeed practiced in civilized war-
fare, but there is a wide and clear distinction be-
tween such letahahon and the horrors which the
resolution just introduced called on us to imitate
in a spirit of resentment. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] to my astonish-
ment, seems to make uo such distinction in his
remarks just made.
And i regret to say, sir, that his word has been,
in more than one instance, carried out by a sys-
tematic practice during the whole course of this
war with regard to the treatment of prisoners,
not only on our side but also on the other side.
It is under just this principle that the abominable
acts described in the pamphlets which are circu-
lated throughout the country have been brought
about. The massacre at Fort Pillow and the out-
rages which have been carried on by the soldiery
on both sides in the heat of conflict should not
find support and palliation here. Sir, i should
have been disposed to remain silentaml wait until
the accumulation of evidence had crushed the
cruel spiut from the Administration party on this
floor by the mere weight of public odium; but the
occasion has occurred, and I deem it due to a
portion of this House, on the other side as well
as Qn this, to show a spirit to join them now,
even at tins late day, in an effort to stop the hor-
lid system of carnage, torture, and barbarity
which this civil war has developed.
Upon the field of battle, and in the victory
which follows, the soldier is comparatively safe
from the infliction of these barbarities; but in the
retreat, whether we look upon the record of the
fearful consequences of the expedition on the Red
river under Geneial Banks, or whether we look
to the fearful system cat tied on by our victorious
generals in the State of Georgia, we find that the
women and the chikhen are the victims. While
the brave men who do the fighting march >n column
in the discharge of their duty, the miscreant camp-
follower plunders, robs, and tortures, find he ac-
cepts the palliation given here, under the law of
retaliation, as his shield. Under that he toils
day and night with blood upon his hands with-
out courage in his heart.
I am glad to find, sir, that gentlemen on the
other side are ready to come forward and to vin-
dicate their humanity on this question. Their
courage has been pi oved here. Now, m the hour
of triumph, amenity should crown their glorious
deeds. We will £ivc you all the credit of your
achievements in this war; we will allow you to
bestow on your successful generals the highest
