1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBAL
mi
honors; we will remain silent as you pass onward
in your triumphal marches from the Alban mount
to the Capitol. Butdo not let barbarity mark the
train of your victories. Do not imitate, as the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.. Steypns]
would seem to urge, the lex talionis of the Romans.
Let no shackled victim, no bleeding corse, be
chained to your car of victory. In that spirit I
accept the remarks of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Thayer] who has last spoken.
But, sir, there is more. There is a future to
which we must look. I would ask that hereafter,
as now, that spirit might prevail on this floor. I
deem it the duty of this House, without regard
to what may be the private sentiments of the Sec-
retary of War, to assert that, as men, we are op-
posed to any law which is not recognized as bind-
ing upon a Christian people. "An eye for an eye,
and a tooth for a tooth," should not be engraven
upon our banners, nor practiced in our persons.
Mr. COX. I call the previous question.
Mr. SCHENCK addressed the Chair.
Mr. COX. I yield to the gentleman, and with-
draw the call for the previous question.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, during the
last session of this Congress a resolution was
adopted directing the Committee on Military Af-
fairs to inquire concerning the treatment of our
prisoners in the hands of the rebels. In obedience
to that order of the House the committee pro-
ceeded, as opportunity presented itself, in the
midst ofother engagements, to take a large mass of
testimony, which accumulated upon their hands,
in relation to this matter. The end of the session
found us with this testimony partially aq-anged
and with a report partly prepared. That report
would have been made in the course of this session,
and probably at an early day, with such material
as we had then obtained for the purpose, if it had
not been for the revival of the subject here at this
time. Now itis hard to say when, where,and how
we may report, for the subject of the inquiry ie con-
tinually spreading itself as we turn our attention
to it. The treatment of our prisoners—horrible
enough, as it had come to our knowledge during
the last session—has been increased in horror and
barbarity since; and the testimony (much as there
was of it) which we then obtained would be added
to tenfold now if all the facts could be developed.
Yesterday the House referred to that committee,
or sent to that committee, a resolution directing
them to inquire again in relation to this subject.
The committee have already had the matter under
consideration, and propose to make the examin-
ation as thorough as possible, and to report to
the House according to the lights before them.
Now, sir, so far as this resolution is concerned,
as a member of that committee, and its chairman,
I must say to the House that I care very little
whether the House makes the call directly upon
the Secretary of War or leaves the committee to
do so. The House may be sure, and my col-
league and gentlemen upon both sides of the Hall,
that that eommittee will seek from the proper
Department, and from all quarters connected with
that Department, all information on that subject,
in order to an enlightened presentment of it for
the consideration of the House. I have nothing
further to say on that. The House may make the
inquiry directly, or leave the committee to make
the inquiry by referring this resolution to them
with the others that have been referied; and 1
think that the House may be assured, if this res-
olution as it stands, indicating a direction of in-
quiry which gentlemen on either side of the House
may think proper, bo referred to that committee,
the committee will follow that direction, as they
probably would have done if the resolution had
not been offered. On the whole, I prefer, how-
ever, that the subject should be relerred to the
committee, hoping that we shall make the earliest
report possible after we have procured all the in-
formation on the subject.
Mr. THAYER. Does the resolution to which
the gentleman refers provide for obtaining this
correspondence?
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not know that it does;
but we will get all the information we can. I be-
lieve that the resolution passed yesterday looks
to an inquiry into the question whether we ought
to resort to some form of retaliation by way of
detirring the rebels fiom such treatment of our
prisoners as have fallen into their hands. I am
glad that it was n-furiud only as a subject of in-
quiry, and that the committee were not directed
absolutely to report any system of retaliation. I
am glad of it because it will require a great deal
,of consideration by members of the coijimittge,
by the members of the House, and by tjje coun-
try, how far it will be proper to resort to any retal-
iatory measures. I confess that t,o myself the
idea of retaliating in kind is abhorrent J,o every
feeling of my nature. I do not propose to starve,
to leave in nakedness, to pen up like cattle, to ex-
pose in every form to a lingering death, the pris-
oners in our hands. I would prefer to kill them
at once; to look upon the war as a war of ex-
termination, giving no quarter and expecting
none.
I admit that something must be done; but the
nearer you approach the question, as we have dis-
covered in some degree, you will find it sur-
rounded with difficulties, and surrounded with
difficulties arising out of this single fact, which
gentlemen, some of them, in this Hall for the first
time discover, that we are making war with sav-
ages and fiends, and that, therefore, so long as
we recognize the rules of humanity it becomes
difficult for us to meet those who know no such
principles, no such rules of conduct, no such war-
fare as has been recognized heretofore between'
civilized nations. I know that I do not state the
case toostrongly. Gentlemen are mistaken—and
1 was sorry to hear a political view given to the
subject by the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Chanler]—in supposing that wehave justwaked
up to some new consciousness concerning the mat-
ter on this side of the House. It is themselves
who seem now, for the first time, to have discov-
ered the fact that we are dealing with savages and
fiends who do not understand, and would repel
approaches, when made, of a humane character.
Within the last fifteen minutes I have conversed
in the lobby of this House with a young man, the
near relative of a member or) this floor, who has
just returned from Savannah, and who, when ly-
ing grievously wounded upon the ground, crip-
pled for life, was stripped to the skin by a rebel
major, and was then turned into one of these rebel
pens where thousands of our biave fellows were
confined, and where he saw eighty-six hundred of
them die from starvation and exposure.
Mr. CHANLER. Honored by the notice of
the chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, I will for a moment, in reply to him, state
why I spoke as I did. It was not alone with re-
gard to our enemies in their treatment of our pris-
oners that I spoke, but it was to the systematic
barbarity of the principles which have appeared
in the reports emanating from the Military Com-
mittee, over which the gentleman from Ohio pre-
sides, that I referred in reference to the "barbaric
nature of the proposition for the enrollment of
our troops; and I defy any civilized nation to
surpass it, though some have equaled it, in the
intolerable cruelty of the gentleman's own prop-
osition, when, upon this floor, in the face of the
American people, he declared—though it was
voted down by the House as an indignity to it-
self—that he intended to kick the people on the
one hand and coax them on the other. That was
the sentiment 1 understood him to utter, and I
refer to the recoids of the House to sustain my
charge. By this proposition to exclude from any
chance of obtaining substitutes all but sons and
brothers he has branded his name with infamy.
Let him go to France. This country was made
to glow with the torch of the French invader long
before the system of political retaliation induced
the court of Louis to take arms against England
for vengeance for the loss of Canada, and this
whole country was made red with the barbarities
of the French army. And are we to follow the
military system of that nation now and fotever?
Sir, there are two sides to this question of cruclty.
Sir, I allude to this as the first instance—and I
maintain that so far as the honorable gentleman
from Ohio is concerned it is the first instance—of
the manifestation of one glimmering ray of light
in his own mind that we have as a nation a hu-
mane duty to perform in the conductof this war.
We have been instrumental, through the policy
shaped in his committee, of reducing this war to
one of extermination,and,in hisown words, now
propose to show no quaiier or consideration to
the enemy, and at the same time, as he has al-
ready shown, no consideration to the poor victims
who under the enrollment law have been forced
into our armies against their-will, coflt^ajy
to their sense of right V>d duty? < ' f , ,
Mr. SCHENCK. I did not intend to yield
my ,time to the gentleman to discuss questions
outside of the debate as it has progressed tbiisfyr.
Mr. CHANLER. I beg the gentleman's par-
don, and I will not pursue the subject further.; I
was only answering the gentleman's imputations.
Mr. SCHENCK. If the gentleman waotslo
make any- ipquiry as to what 1 have stated, or any
suggestion as to my statementfehout the treatment
of prisoners, I will yield to him.
Mr. CHANLER. It was in regard to tbe alle-
gation pf the awakening sense of propriety jupon
my part that I was making my own defense; ,
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the right
to the floor if he insists upon it. i
Mr. COX. I believe I had the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Qh.io
[Mr. Cox] has spoken once, and tfcie gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] has the floor by right.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 do not wish to be misun-
derstood. I yield to any remarks the gentleman
desires to make in regard to an awakening sense
of propriety upon my part.
Mr. COX. For the information of ray colleague
I want to say one word. I intended to call the
previous question before this debate took its pres-
ent turn of a partisan character.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman is not re-
sponsible for that.
Mr. COX. And I never have since this ques-
tion was mooted in this Congress; I have always
presented propositions in the interest solely of
our soldiers, and I believe my colleague will so
regard all that I have said, and I will accept all
he says in the same spirit. I have had near and
dear friends, as he has had, in these prisons,and
from time to time I have been permitted to make
inquiries, in order, if possible, to keep these De-
partments up to their proper work. Weary
months have transpired without anything being
done by the War Department to facilitate the ex-
change of prisoners, and although there are rebel
barbarities, and although all my colleague may
say is true, I am not sure that a large part of this
responsibility may not rest upon the War De-
partment for not exchanging prisoners; but in
order to answer any such imputations made by
the people and made by partisans, the gentleman,
my colleague, should not seek to stifle any proper
inquiry. He says he may make an inquiry for
himself and for his committee. I prefer to have,
it made with more authority for the House and
for the corresponding public, not only that Con-
gress may know, but that the people and the
friends of the prisoners may know, why this
exchange has been so long obstructed.
Mr. SCHENCK. There can be no misunder-
standing about this matter. I made the remark
when I was upbefore—and if the gentleman from
New York had not interrupted me I do not know
that I should have continued these remarks fur-
ther—that I was perhaps almost indifferent upon
the question whether the call be made directly by
the House or be left to be made by the commit-
tee. I recognize the propriety of getting this in-
formation, and I only thought that it would ex-
pedite possibly the means by which it should be
obtained if we should goon with our inquiry, and
call,perhaps, the Commissary General ofPrison-
ers before us, as well as make inquiries and seek
responses from the head of the Department. But
all that I leave with the House, promising only
that we will go on to the best of our ability and
make investigation ofand report upon thissubject
in whatever form it comes before the committee.
Mr. GANSON. I would like to ask the chair-
man ofthe Committee on Military Affairs whether
he thinks that the Department would furnish this
correspondence to the committee as readily as it
would to the House.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 should think they would
not refuse it.
Mr. GANSON. I did not know whether any
inquiry had been made by the committee for this
correspondence.
Mr. SCHENCK. I confess, myself, that we
are, up to this point, all of us pretty much in the
dark in regard to knowing precisely what have
been at least all ofthe obstruclionsin the way of
exchange. _
There is this, however, that lfeel it due to the
Department to state to the House, that while
