102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
during the past summer no exchanges had been
made, and our friends, and the people at large,
and ail of us, were becoming impatient on that
subject, and it seemed almost to be a fair conclu-
sion that it would be proper to swap man for man,
because we had more men to spare than the rebels,
yet if any such policy or thought did impress
itself upon the Department or those who have the
administration of our military affairs, every such
idea seems to be given up now, and 1 do not know
that any such idea ever was really entertained.
There has now been set on foot a system of ex-
change,and the matter is in some degree expedited
and facilities are afforded upon the one side and the
other looking to the better treatment of prisoners
and to the continuance of the exchange, which
indicates that the whole subject is upon a some-
what better footing than ever before up to this
time. 1 do not say that it might not and may not
be put upon a still better footing; but that being
all that I can say upon the subject, said only in
these general terms, I am not prepared to substi-
tute it for the information which the House or
the committee should seek in the matter.
One word only in answer to the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Chanler.] The House will
bear me witness that the allusion that I made to
this subject as having any political aspect given
to it, was one only of regret. An honorable mem-
ber from Pennsylvania [Mr. Thayer] had spoken
upon the subject, and was congratulated then by
the gentlemen upon the other side of the House
with the assertion that there seemed to be, as in-
dicated by his remarks, a new era arisen when
gentlemen upon this side of the House were awake
to the propriety of looking to the condition of our
poor fellows held in this miserable and horrible
bondage. I felt that that was an improper bring-
ing in of apolitical view to be mixedupwith this
subject; and I thought 1 administered a very proper
and deserved reprehension to the gentleman by
turning his attention to the fact that, for the first
time now, he seems to have waked up to the fact
that we are dealing, as we have always said upon
this side, with savages and fiends, in their con-
duct upon this subject which we are discussing,
and they are yet the very men toward whom he
has never thought of anything except breathing
conciliation and kindness and sympathy, if not
actual and direct cooperation.
Mr. CHANLER. I rise to a point of order.
The gentleman has imputed motives to me with
. regard to this matter which is disorderly, accord-
ing to my notion.
The SPEAKER. The words excepted to will
be taken down.
Mr. CHANLER, (the words having been taken
down.) The words excepted to are these,"and
they are yet the very men toward whom he has
never thought of anything except breathing con-
ciliation and kindness and sympathy, if notactual
and direct cooperation." I claim, sir, that these
words are out of order as imputing to me motives
unworthy of a member upon this'floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The gentleman from New York
m the course of his remarks stated that the gentle-
man from Ohio had branded himself with infamy.
If the gentleman from New York had been called
to order the Chair would have sustained the point
of order. The words to which the gentleman
takes exception the Chair thinks are in order and
within the limits of legitimate debate. The Chair
thinks they are certainly justifiable, on the prin-
ciple of retaliation, which appears to be the subject
of debate now. [Laughter.]
Mr. CHANLER. Retaliation asexercisedby
the Presiding Officer?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman must per-
mit the Chair to finish the ruling on the point of
order. The Chairdoes not think, even apartfrom
the subject under discussion, that the words com-
plained of are in violation of the rules of debate.
They may be correct or not correct, but the Chair
does not think that they come under the character
of disordeily words.
Mr. CHANLER. I hope the gentleman will
allow me to reply.
Mr. SCHENCIC. I believe, Mr. Speaker, that
1 am released from my parole. [Laughter.1
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
will proceed.
Mr. SCHENCIC. Since the words have been
brought so conspicuously befoie the House, let
me be clearly understood, so that the gentleman
himself may not fail to have had due explanation.
I had inferred from the previous course of that
gentleman that he had manifested sympathy, kind-
ness, and conciliation toward those rebels whose
conduct is now, on all hands, admitted to be
fiendish. 1 said, therefore, that those had been his
relations to the rebels in my opinion, if there had
not been direct cooperation with them on his part.
I meant to distinguish between direct cooperation
and the other. I have never suspected that the
gentleman from New York would fight out his
principles on the side of the rebels by direct coop-
eration. I wanted to draw that distinction clearly,
that the gentleman, while not taking part by direct
cooperation, while not carrying a musket to defend
that which he contended for, has done all that he
could, by a gentlemanly and amiable courtesy
and sympathy with the rebels, to encourage those
who carried muskets on their shoulders in that
cause.
Thegentleman from New York went out of the
way to charge me with tyranny, and I do not
know but that on the next occasion I am to be
introduced into some resolution of inquiry for
having undertaken a system of savage tyranny
over the peopleof the country, by seekingto make
as stringent as possible a system of enrollment
by which our Army should be kept full. Sir, I
have heard all that before, inside of this House
and outside of this House; and all that 1 have to
say about it is that it is not the soldiers enlisted,
not the soldiers in the field, not those who bear
the brunt of the battle and who expose themselves
to wounds, to death even, in this cause, who ever
complain of the laws being too stringent to fill up
the ranks of the Army. Those complaints never
come from the parties directly interested, nor from
their friends who hold up their hands while they
are engaged in this great battle for liberty, for
human rights, and for the preservation of the
country and of its institutions. The complaints
come only from political demagogues, who seek,
by stimulating the soldier into dissatisfaction,
and by inflaming the popular mind against legis-
lators or against any one legislator, to prevent
our giving this aid to our armies. They do not
come from those who constitute the armies them-
selves. That is all that I have to say on that
subject. I will not go into any discussion of the
enrollment law here. I am much obliged to my
colleague for having yielded to me on this subject.
1 regret that the debate should have taken this
turn. It was provoked on the other side, but I
am glad to say by only one gentleman on the
other side. Whatever may be the course of the
House, either in making this call for information
directly or in leaving the Committee on Military
Affairs to make it, 1 hope the information which
my colleague seeks will be obtained, and that as
much light as possible will be thrown on the
subject for our guidance.
Mr. COX. I move the previous question.
Mr. WABHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask to
have the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio
read now. I think the House on all sides will
consent to the adoption of his amendment, pure
and simple.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. COX. Before the previous question is sec-
onded, my friend from New York [Mr. Chanler]
feels a personal grievance in the remarks of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] and I con-
sent to yield to him for a reply.
Mr. CHANLER. Mr. Speaker, I shall say
but a few words.
I deny any implied ordirectcodperation with the
enemies of my country at anytime, in any place;
and I demand the proof from the gentleman who
has made this imputation. I hold his insinuation
as unfair.^ Sir, I have borne a musket; and I
never should have alluded to it but for the un-
generous and unjust imputation with which the
gentleman from Ohio closed his remarks. I am
ready now to do what I can for the defense of my
country, as I was at the very first call. I was
among the first who came here in response to that
call. I slept in the Halls of this Capitol with the
first regiment from my city. I came as a citizen,
bearing a musket. I never expected to mention
here this humble-service to my country; but, in
vindication of myself, 1 feel called upon now to
say what, but for the peculiar circumstances, I
nevei would have uttered. I did bear a musket,
and I was willing to act so long as I was able. I
served out the time of the first call with my regi-
ment. I went still further, (and General Dix can
confirm what I now say:) I applied to that gen-
eral for a-position on his staff; but deeming my
services not of sufficient importance, he not only
refused that application, but was utterly silent as
to another request which I made, that he would .
seek for me an appointment on one of the staffs
under him. I blush that I am called upon to
make these remarks, but they are in justification
of myself. I hope that the gentleman from Ohio
will be magnanimous, and apologize for the re-
marks which he has made.
Mr. COX. I suppose that this matter is now
satisfactorily adjusted. No doubt my colleague
on the other side [Mr. Schenck] is sufficiently
ashamed of having attacked a soldier of the Re-
public. [Laughter.] I therefore call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The Clerk read the amendment in its modified
form, as follows:
Resolved, That, if not incompatible with tlie public in-
terest, all communications in reference to tfi;; exchangeuf
prisoners, not heretofore published, be communicated to
this House by the Secretary of War; and that he report
therewith whether the treatment by the United States Gov-
ernment of rebel prisoners under its control is better in
reference to food, clothing, care, and attention than tile
treatment extended by the rebel authorities to prisoners
captured by them.
Mr. PARNSWORTH. Some of us would de-
sire a separate vote upon that portion ofthe amend-
ment which proposes to inquire of the Secretary
of War whether the Union prisoners have been
treated any worse than the rebel prisoners in our
hands. We do not wantany information on that
point. Everybody knows the fact.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Cox] moved an amendment to the resolu-
tion of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Inger-
soll,]' and then surrendered the floor temporarily
to the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Kasson,] who
proposed to move an amendment to the amend-
ment, part of which was accepted by the gentle-
man from Ohio. The remainder was not accepted,
and therefore was not moved, thegentleman from
Ohio being in possession of the floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will we not have an op-
portunity to vote down the amendmentof the gen-
tleman from Iowa and permit the amendment of
my colleague to pass?
The SPEAKER. No amendment of the gen-
tleman from Iowa is pending. He did not obtain
the floor for the purpose of offering an amend-
ment. There is only one amendment pending,
that of the gentleman from Ohio, to which he
added part of the amendment which the gentle-
man from Iowa desired to offer.
Mr. WASHEURNE, of Illinois. Is it too late
to amend the amendment by striking out that por-
tion ?
The SPEAKER. It is too late. The main
question has been ordered.
Mr. SCHENCK. I would ask whether this
amendment is not susceptible of division, so that
we can vote separately on the second proposition
which was accepted as a modification. I prefer
the amendmentof my colleague precisely as he
introduced it.
Mr. COX. Thegentleman will see that the
portion which I accepted at the suggestion of the
gentleman from Iowa calls for some facts in ad-
dition to the correspondence. Itdoes notdeprive
us of the correspondence.
A Member. It interferes with the committee.
Mr. COX. It does not interfere with the com-
mittee. The committee can use all the facts and
correspondence.
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the gen-
tleman from Ohio is not divisible. If the latter
portion embraced the words "the Secretary of
War"instead of the word " he," the amendment
would be divisible. It embraces two different
propositions, but the language is such that they
must be voted on together.
The Clerk again read the amendment as mod-
ified.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It seems to
me that the first part of that is a separate prop-
osition.
The SPEAKER. But each part must be a sub-
stantive proposition. If the House should reject
