1864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
105
the first part, the last, if adopted, would be a
senseless proposition.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The Speaker
will find, by examining the amendment, that if
the last part be stricken out a substantive prop-
osition will remain.
The SPEAKER'. But suppose that the first
part be stricken out and the last adopted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. We do not
ask that; we ask that the last part shall be stricken
out.
The SPEAKER. If it be divided, it must be
so that either branch, if passed, will make perfect
sense by itself. The last branch would not be a
substantive proposition, because it says, "and
that he report therewith.'* If, by unanimous
consent, " he" were stricken out and " the Secre-
tary of War" inserted, the amendment would
he divisible.
Mr. COX. I withdraw that portion of the res-
olution suggested by the gentleman from Iowa.
1 want a vote on the resolution as I offered it, and
on that I demand the previous question.
The SPEAKER, if there be no objection the
gentleman will be permitted to withdraw that por-
tion of his resolution.
There was no objection; so it was ordered ac-
cordingly.
The SPEAKER stated that the question re-
curred on the following amendment:
Resolved, (if not incompatible with the public interest,)
All communications m reference to the exchange of pris-
oners not heretofore published be communicated to this
House by the Secretary of War.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was then adopted.
Mr. COX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FKOM TIIE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr Nicolay, his Private
Secretary, notifying the House that he had ap-
proved and signed bills of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 380) for the relief of George
W. Murray; and
An act (H. R. No. 465) for the relief of Deb-
orah Jones.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was also received from the Senate,
byMr. Hickey, ChiefClerk, notifying the House
that that body had passed, without amendment,
an act (H. R. No. 618) to amend the act entitled
*4An act to provide internal revenue to support
the Government, to pay interest on the public
debt, and for other purposes,"approved June 30,
1864.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee ofthe Whole on the stateof the Union
to take up and consider the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Schenck in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated the first business in
order to be the consideration of the special order,
being House bill No. 620, to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for the service of the fiscal
year ending the 30th of June, 1865.
The bill was read through a first time for infor-
mation.
Mr. BROOKS obtained the floor.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Chairman, I believe it
is understood that, by order of the House, the
bill is open to points of order on the several items.
I wish to raise a point of order, but do not wish
to interfere with the gentleman from New Yoik.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that by order of the House the bill is open to any
exception as to relevancy of the items under the
rules of the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have a point of order to
submit.
The CHAIRMAN. It will be received when
the paragraph to which it applies is reached.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suppose the gentleman from
New York rises for the purpose of general de-
bate, and I will not present my point of order at
this time.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Chairman, i do not think
it would be worth while for me to object to these
several items, although they involve the appro-
priation out of the Treasury of $93,600,000, which
is the sum total of the deficiencies provided in this
bill. These items are not calculated to excite the
attention of the House as compared with other
and more exciting questions which have been
broughtbefore it. Millions have become thingsof
minor importance. Therefore 1 do not propose
to enter into any discussion of them; nor do I pro-
pose to renew at this day before this House the
remarks I made at the last session of Congress
upon these enormous deficiency bills; not only
enormous in amount, but in reference to money
which has been expended by public officers with-
out any authority of Congress for so doing what-
soever.
L shall not, then, enter into any analysis of this
particular deficiency bill—this bill of millions—
because I do not think it will avail anything fur-
ther than the consumption of the time of the
House. There are on bills like these only two
courses for a member of the Opposition to pursue;
and the first of them is to say nothing on appro-
priations like these, but to encourage gentlemen to
offer amendments so as to exhaustas soon as pos-
sible the Treasury of the country, and to leave no
means for carrying on this war. This is not my
mode of opposition. I shall never enter into any
opposition of the sort, and I only say that Che
most effective opposition would be to bankrupt the
Treasury and deprive the country by the enormity
of these expenditures of any means to carry on
the war. I repeat that this is not my mode of
opposition. Mine would be to carefully analyze
the bill, and call the attention of the House, and
especially of the dominant party of the House, to
the magnitude of its appropriations. I know if
I entered into any such analysis at this time that
but little attention would be paid to any exposure
I should make. If! did it I should only be wast-
ing the time of the House which might be better
appropriated to other purposes.
it is the misfortune of this House—I speak it
with no disrespect to any member—that there is
not upon that side of the House what has hitherto
almostalways existed in the dominant party of the
country, having control of vast sums of money to
appropriate, objectors, cavilers, and debaters of
appropriation bills; such men as existed in the
Democratic party in former times, when it was in
a large majority; one gentleman from the Stateof
North Carolina, one gentleman from the State of
Virginia, and another still from the State of Ten-
nessee; men who, though in the dominant party of
the country, yet by comparison, by estimates, by
analysis, by investigation, and thorough exam-
ination from beginning to end, unraveled every
item of the appropriation bills, and made the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means throughout answer for
every item of those bills, for their exactness and
their fidelity, before they were satisfied with the
appropriations and would assume the responsibil-
ity of voting for them.
With the exception of one gentleman on that
side of the House, whom I will not name, I re-
gret to say that no such examination is given to
their own appropriation bills by the dominant
party as has hitherto, through all eras of the Re-
public, been given by the Democratic party con-
trolling this House, or by the Whigs when they
had the majority here, it is a misfortune to the
country that there are not more gentlemen upon
that side of the House who will exert all their
powers and information in investigating, study-
ing, and thoroughly looking into all these bills;
for, whatever 1 may say, and whatever vote may
be given by this side ofthe House, will be imputed
to opposition, and will not have respect given to
them by gentlemen upon that side.
I see in this bill, as appropriations for deficien-
cies, four or five several items for this House
alone, in the aggregate amounting to $65,000.
One of them, without any detail whatever, is
mentioned as " miscellaneous items,$34,005 52."
The bill containing this miscellaneous item, with-
out any specification of details so far as I know,
without any report, without any explanation, was
^ yesterday suddenly brought before this House
I and set down for action to-day.
j " For folding documents, £25,000," is another
j item in the deficiency bill—an amount expended
i without any appropriation whatever-—and the
House is called upon to make up that deficiency
for documents already folded for the House, l
will not say what the appropriation is for; and if
I were to say it was solely for political purposes I
should disarm myself of all power of claiming that
attention from that side of the House which ought
to be given to an item like this. And if I belonged ^
to that side of the House 1 would certainly con-
demn an expenditure of $25,000 in the recess of
the House, without any authority of law what-
ever,and outofafund to be appropriated here ina
deficiency bill.
In an item to supply deficiencies for printing
there is the enormous appropriation of §720,000.
I do not doubt the expenditure was in a good de-
gree necessary, but I do say that under a proper
administration of this Government, when the pub-
lic printer has not received authority for the ex-
penditure of public money, it is quite time to stop
the public printing until Congress again reassem-
bles and names the necessary expenditure and
makes the proper appropriation therefor.
The items of appropriations for the war are
enormous, amounting in this bill, from a cursory
examination and rough addition, to §92,000,000.
I will enter into no examination of those expend-
itures or of those items, other .than to comment
upon one, because if I did it would be said that
I was in opposition to the war. What I have to
say upon that subjectis that the Secretary of War
ought to comprehend the work which is before
him, and in the annual estimates which he sub-
mits to Congress estimate sufficient in advance to
meet what are likely to be his expenditures, and
not, as now, present here this year a deficiency
of $92,000,000, when in the deficiency bill of last
year I think we appropriated over one hundred
million dollars to make up the deficiency in the
War Department of the year before. Sir, if there
can be expenditures like these without respon- •
sibility, or like any of these without appropria-
tions, the whole form of government is ended,
and we are but the recording clerks to execute
items of appropriation which the Secretary of War
may desire, or which other branches of the Gov-
ernment may command.
The money is spent and gone. We shall be
told that our generals have found it necessary to
expend this money; but here is an expenditure
of over $92,000,000, for war purposes withou t any
authority whatsoever from this House,and with-
out any responsibility upon the part of this House.
We are called upon in this House to do what an
omnipotent British Parliament alone can do, pass
a bill of indemnity to the Government for a viola-
tion of law—an exercise of power never contem-
plated by our Constitution, and never intended to
be exercised by the House of Representatives.
Mr.KASSON. Does the gentleman from New
York mean to say that the proposed appropria-
tion for a deficiency of $92,000,000 is to reimburse
what has been already expended without author-
ity of law? That is what I understand him to
say,
Mr. BROOKS. What is a deficiency bill?
Mr. KASSON. It is a deficicncy for the fiscal
year ending the 30th of June next. The amount
already appropriated is not yet expended, and this
is an additional amount required to carry on the
Government up to the 30th of June next. I cer-
tainly thought the gentleman from New York
understood the terms of the bill.
Mr. BROOKS. How do I know that, and how
does the gentleman know it?
Mr. KASSON. By reading the title of the bill.
Mr. BROOKS. It is a bill for deficiencies, and
a deficiency is a deficiency; I cannot define it
further than that.
Mr. KASSON. Will the gentleman from New
York be kind enough to read or to allow me to
read the title of the bill ? It is " A bill to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the service
of the fiscal year ending June 30, 1865."
And so it is every year. These appropriations
are to carry on the public printing office and the
other Departments to the end of the current fiscal
year, as on making estimates they find that the
present appropriations arc not sufficient.
Mr. BROOKS. That is the very same point
the gentleman made last year, and he compels
me to repeat what I said last year on that sub-
ject. The Secretary of War, and the Secretary
of the Navy, and all the other Secretaries, in a
book I have before me of no inconsiderable size,
