1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
869
what been usurped by other departments of the
Government; but one wrong does not justify an-
other, and I maintain that it does not belong to
the legislative department of the Government Jo
put a commission around the Commander-in-
Chief of the Army and Navy and hisappointees,
so that he may not be able to direct the conduct
of the Navy Department. I maintain in the first
place that it is a departure from the Constitution,
it is a departure from principle, and a departure
from policy, and it ought for these reasons to be
rejected.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. ANTHONY. I desire to offer an amend-
ment as a new section:
mAnd be it further enacted, That hereafter in all appoint-
ments of midshipmen to the INuval Academy the selections
for such appointments in the several districts shall be made
from the candidates aecotdingto their respective merits and
qualifications, to be determined under such rules and regu-
lations as the Secretary of the Navy shall from time to time
pi escribe.
I do not propose at this time of the evening to
make a speech. I think my practice in the Sen-
ate will protect me from that imputation. At the
last session, upon offering a similar amendment
to the military appropriation bill, 1 adduced abun-
dant evidence of the advantages of the plan of
competitive examinations, and I endeavored to
show that it had been recommended not only by
the advice of the best educators, civil, naval, and
military, in the country, but' by the experience
of the most military nation. It lias long been the
system of Prance, and it has been adopted re-
cently into the military service of England, where
all the traditions are aristocratic, but where they
have found that while wealth, rank, and family
may be made the test of promotion in the civil
service, it is absolutely necessary to the success
of the military service that appointments and pro-
motions should be made by merit. I offer this
amendment now because I have some cumulative
evidence in its favor. We appoint every year a
Board of Visitors to the Naval Academy. That
board is selected from the best naval officers and
from eminent men in civil life who have given
attention to the subject of education, and that board
annually makes recommendations. Now, sir, 1
desire to place before the country the recommend-
ation which the last Board of Naval Visitors has
made on this subject. I send to the desk,and ask
the Secretary to read, the extract from the report
which I have marked.
The Secretary read, as follows:
" As the most direct blow to tirfe hinderances which prac-
tically exclude a large portion of the youth of the country,
no matter how strong may be their predilection or great
their acquired fitues-s for the naval service, from even a
chance ot being admitted to this Naval School; as the
most effectual preventive of the disappointments now
experienced by individuals and families iu tiie failure of
rn.my appointees to pass the entrance examination, or to
meet even the low i equirements of the first year's course ;
as the only effectual way of ridding the institution of the
low average ability and attainments which characterize the
lower sections of every class, and ot bringing up the taleut
and scholarship and conductor the whole corps to the aver-
age of the first two sections; as a sure guai antee against
the early resignation of officers educated at the public ex-
pense for a life service in the Navy, and of a progiessive
and honorable career as long as life and health last; as a
powerful attraction to draw to this department of the pub-
lic service a fair share of the best talentand loftiest ambi-
tion of the youth of the country, and as a stimulus to their
best efforts for self and school improvement fortius pur-
pose, the visitors recommend the immediate abandonment
of the custom of selecting candidates for admission by in-
dividual patronage, in consideration of neighborhood, re-
lationship, or party connection, or the better motives ot the
poverty, or public service of parents, and that all appoint-
ments be heieatter made in consideration of the personal
merit of the applicant, ascertained by a public competi-
tive examination, conducted befote an impartial tribunal,
constituted as shall b« prescribed by law. Admission
sought and obtained in this way will be honorable to the
successlul candidates, asouice of pride to the neighborhood
and State from which they come, a reward to the teacheis
who have prepared them, and a stimulus to the industry
and good conduct of their comrades at home. The classes
of tiie Academy replenished every year by new recruits,
all of whom have sought the service from personal choice,
and won the place by personal merit founded on natural
aptitude and vigor ot mind and acquired knowledge, and
who regard the diligent improvement of these opportuni-
ties for professional study and practice as the true road to
honorable promotion hereatter, to be gained by lurther in-
dustry and devotion, will at once have an aveiuge ability
and scholarship equal to that now obtained by only five or
six out of every hundred, and a large pioportion of the
cases of discipline, the ' dead- weights,' the reexamination,
and the failuies from inability, distaste, or want of prepai-
atory knowledge, will foi ever disappear from the recoidb of
the Academy.
"These suggestions have not the merit of originality, nor
the objections of novelty. Tiie principle recommended has
stood the test of seventy years' trial in France In npval and
similar public schools, and is now in successful operation
in England, as well a  in most of the military schools of
Europe. It has been again and again urged by thoughtful
friends of this institution, and of our other national school
at West Point, as the most effectual remedy (or the evils
complained of. The Academic Board of this Academy, m
answer to a request from a committee in 1^58 for its opin-
ion on this pomt, replied: i The Academic Board has long
been of the opinion that tiie present system of appointing
midshipmen without care In their selection was undermin-
ing the very existence of the institution. The records of
the Academy show that scarcely more than one fourth of
those admitted graduate. The iault lies with the appoint-
ing power, which has not kept the institution supplied with
the proper material, and the board has been powerless in
applying a remedy. It has done alf in its power by recom-
mending a higher standard of proficiency.' The visitors for
1862, in the report of their examinations, remark: 'After a
caretul examination of the subject, the board has been
foiced to the conclusion that the selection of candidates has
not been made with sufficient reference to the want of the
public service, but has been and continues to be regarded
as a poition ot the patronage of the members of Congress
making the nominations. The evil does not stop here; for
iu many cases, after they have been appointed without re-
gard to talents or fitne&s, and have obtained admission to
ttie institution, and subsequently have been found inca-
pable to putsue the studies of the class to which they be-
long, the influence of the same member of Congress ougin-
ally nominating them is successfully used to continue them
at the institution in obtaining authority for them to recom-
mence their studies by joining a lower class, thus retain-
ing those wanting in talents and titne&s,to the exclusion of
otheisof suitable qualifications that might be presented.
Ati institution iike this, in which the students are educated
and supported by the Government, ought to have them se-
lected fiom the highest and most promising youths of the
country.5
"The same general principle, selection by merit, as-
certained by the same general method, competitive exam-
ination, conducted on such conditions as Congress shall
authot ize or prescribe, has been recommended for appoint-
ments to the kindied national institution—the Military
Academy at West Point—with the view of removing the
same hinderances and remedying the same defects in the
practical working of that School. That eminent military
teacher and admmit-tiator, General Thayer, under whom
the Academy, notwithstanding many hinderances and de-
lects, attained its highest development, recommended the
adoption of this punciple at the outset of his administra-
tion, after having >een its successful operation in the mili-
tary schools of I^iance; and he has recently, alter a lapse
of nearly fifty years, all of them spent in actual experience
or observation of the practical ie&ults of a different princi-
ple, lenewed the recommendation in a communication to
the Secretary of War. He has, within the present year,
deelaiedlns belief that the adoption at the start, and the
continuous recognition of this principle—the selection of
candidates for admission on the ground of persona! merit
and aptitude for the special purposes of the institution, in
appointments to the Military Academy —would have more
than doubled its usefulness, would have prevented most of
the difficulties of administration which it has encountered,
would have prevented the popular prejudices which dema-
gogues and disappointed, parents and Congressmen have
fostered, and would have gained for it a larger measure of
the popular favor.
" The Visitors of the Military Acadcmy for 1863, in their
report to the Secretary of War, go into an extended discus-
sion of the advantages and objections to this principle and
mode of making appointments. To this document refer-
ence is made as embodying the convictions of this boaid
as to the probable working of the same principle in admis-
sion to the Naval Academy."
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 object to any more read-
ing of documents.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have waited here all day
and heard Senators talk about the Democratic
party, and there has not been until this evening
one word said on the subject before the Senate;
and now when I ask the attention of the Senate
to the report of the Board of Visitors of the Acad-
emy, not suggestions by indifferent men, but the
well-considered deliberations of those who, of all
others in the country, are best qualified to decide
on the question,and to whom questions affecting
the Academy have been especially commuted,
Senators think that 1 am occupying their time
very much to their inconvenience and am very
much imposing on them.
Mr. JOHNSON. Nobody has said that.
Mr. HALE, i think as a matter of fact the
statement which the Senator from Rhode Island
makes, if he intends it to be applicable to the ap-
pointment of midshipmen in the naval service,
is a mistake, and if the Board of Visitors to our
Naval Academy mean to make that statement, it
is a statement that 1 think is not founded in fact.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am not certain that the
naval appointments of Great Britain are made after
a competitive examination, but the military ap-
pointments are, and have been since the Crimean
war. At the time of the Crimean war the English
Government found that they were far behind the
French in the efficiency of their military service,
and upon an investigation into the causes, it was
decided that the reason they were behind the
French was becausc the French made merit the
test of appointment and promotion in the army,
and the English made family the test; and the
English have since adopted the French system.in
the military service.
Mr. HALE. 1 am not prepared to say how it
is in the British military service; but I have made
some inquiries in regard to their naval service,
and I have visited some of their ships, and I un-
derstand that the appointments of midshipmen
there are never made from boys over fourteen years
of age. Fourteen years old is the extent. If yoifc
adopt this provision, and it becomes a law, the
feet will be that the boys in towns where they have
high schools and have made rapid advancement
will universally get the appointments, and boys
from the country, who do not have the advantage
of these high schools and of the training and edu-
cation obtained in them, will be emirelyexcluded.
I think it is better to leave the matter as itnow is.
The question bein^ put upon the amendment,
it was declared that it appeared to be carried -in
the affirmative.
A division was called for.
Mr. ANTHONY called fortheyeas andnays;
and they were ordered.
Mr.*GRIMES. Heretofore I have always
voted against this amendment, but I am going to-
night to vote for it. The object that is sought to
beaccorophshed by theSermtorfrom Rhode Jsiand
has always met my approbation, but it has seemed-
to me at the same time incapable ofbeing carried
properly into execution. I doubt it now; but I
am willing to try it one year, and see what the
result will be.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the Senator from
California will withdraw the call for the yeas and
nays, and let the amendment be attached and sent
to the House of Representatives.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I did not call for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Chair decided that the
amendment had been carried in the affirmative,
and then a division was called for, and 1 asked for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let the call for the yeas
and nays be withdrawn, and the Chair put the
question again.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The call for
the yeas and nays may be dispensed with by
unanimous consent.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope it will be done. I
desire very much to have the bill passed to-night.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
hears no objection; and the call for the yeas and
nays is withdrawn.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I submit the following amend-
ment as a new section :
%flnd bcitfuilher enacted, That so much of the proviso
of the act of March 3, I81J, entitled '• An act making ap-
propriations for the nav;tl service for the half calendar
year beginning the 1st ot January and ending the 30th of
June, 1844," as requires that provisions and sill materials
of every name and nature lor the use of the Navy be fur-
nished by contract with the lowest bidder after advertise-
ment, shall be and the same is hereby ?o far modified that
it shall not apply to bunting delivered for the Use of the
Armv and Navy, and that it shall be lawful for the Secre-
tary of War, the Secretary ofthe Navy, and the Secretary
of the Treasury to enter into contract for bunting as their
respective services require for a period not exceeding one
year, and ata price not exceeding that at which an article
of equal quality can be imported.
Mr. SHERMAN. With the restrictions that
are contained in the section 1 think that amend-
ment is right and proper.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senateas amended,
and the amendments made as in Committee of
the Whole were concurred in. It was ordered
that the amendments be engrossed, and that the
bill be read a third time. The bill was read the
third time, and passed.
akjiy appropriation bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move now to take up the
Army appropriation bill, with a view to let it^stand
as the unfinished business.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 wish to lemind the Senator
from Ohio that there is a special order for one
o'clock to-monow.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have consulted the Sena-
tor who ha* ihe floor on that subject, and he is
perfectly willing to let it be postponed until Mon-
day. I will state to the Senator from Massachu-
setts that there are reasons why the Army appro-
