870
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
priation bill should be disposed of to-morrow.
The tax bill will come to us to-morrow, and the
Committee on Finance will be engaged in its con-,
sideration next week, and probably will not be
able to retain their seats in the Senate daring the
time it is under consideration. I desire, therefore,
to have the Army appropriation bill passed to-
morrow, and then I shall not interfere with other
Senators.
Mr. SUMNER. Then, with the permission
of the Senator from Ohio, in the absence of the
Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Chandler,] I pro-
pose that the special order for to-morrow be trans-
ferred to one o'clock on Monday.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have Jiot the slightest
objection to that.
Mr. TRCJMBULL. I hope that will not be
tlone. That bill 1ms been in the way of every-
thing else.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness for the purpose of allowing some important
reports to be made which will not take long.
Mr. SUMNER. Before that motion is put, I
would like to ask to have the special order for one
o'clock to-morrow taken up and transferred to
Monday at one o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Thatcan only
be done by unanimous consent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the
motion cannot be entertained at the present time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Wilson.]
The motion was agreed to; and aftersome time
spent in executive session, the doors were re-
opened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, Febrtiary 17, 1865.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by Rev. John Thrush, of Washington.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
PUBLICATION OF DEBATES.
3Vlr. WASHBLRNE, oTIllinois. I ask unani-
mous consent to introduce the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing he directed
to inquire into the cause of delay in getting out and de-
livering the Daily Globe, and to provide a remedy for such
delay.
No objection was made.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I merely
desire to state that members will observe that the
Globe is three or four days behind with our de-
bates. We made an almost stupendous appro-
priation for the Congressional Globe during the
last session of Congress, and with the express
promise on the part of the publishers that the
debates should be promptly delivered. It has
fallen behind now at an earlier stage in the session
than I have ever known it before, and it is very
important for us that we should have the pre-
vious day's proceedings on our tables when we
meet. And there is no reason for the delay. All
that is wanted is that they should give us a little
more force. • If they have not reporters enough
let them get a few more, and if they have not print-
ers enough let them get a few more printers,
Mr. MALLORY. 1 will state that 1 do not
think we have ever known, since I have been in
Congress, a time at this period of the session at
which the Daily Globe has not been behind to
some extent,and I, for one, so far from regarding
it as objectionable, think that it is fortunate, be-
cause when there is a discussion on an important
subject and many speeches are made, the delay
gives members an opportunity to revise their
speeches, and I have no doubt the gentleman
from Illinois has availed himself of such oppor-
tunities.
Mr. WASHEURNE, of Illinois. Let the
speeches be delayed as long as gentlemen desire.
Mr. MALLORY. Let me suggest to the gen-
tleman from Illinois that if th  publishers of the
Globe ^vere to employ a forse constantly at the
reporters' desk and in the printing office to have
the Daily Globe at all times printed punctually,
they would have ordinarily too large a force, and
the expense would be very heavy from the fact
that they would constantly have on hand a force
too largefor ordinary occasions, andtooexpensive.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am ad-
vised that the reporters are up with the proceed-
ings of the House, and that the proceedings are-
written out every day ready to be put in the
Globe. The fault is in not having printers enough
to set up the copy. I speak of compositors and
printers, and so far as that is concerned it is
certainly the duty of the proprietors of the Globe
to get printers enough to enable them to lay the
pioeeedings on our tables the next morning. We
pay them with that understanding.
Mr. MALLORY. I have no objection to hav-
ing the resolution passed.
Mr. RADFORD. I object to the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the objec-
tion comes too late.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Certainly;
the resolution has been discussed.
The SPEAKER. The resolution has been de-
bated, and it is too late to make objection to its
reception.
Mr. RADFORD. Then I suggest to the gen-
tleman that all the printing is behind. The ob-
jection I have is to singling out the Globe. I
would move to amend the resolution by extend-
ing the inquiry to all the printing that is behind.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have no
objection to that.
Mr. RADFORD. Then I suggest that the gen-
tleman insert after the word " Globe" the words
" and also as to the cause of the delay in all the
other printing."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will ac-
cept tiiat modification of my resolution.
Mr. MALLORY. I wish to state what I learn
to be the cause of this delay, and it is one not pe-
culiar to the Globe office. I understand it to be
impossible at this time in "Washington city to get
compositors for the various printing establish-
ments. The same difficulty has presented itself
at the Public Printing Office and perhaps at most
of the newspaper offices in the city of Washing-
ton. I am very sure that this or some equally
good cause explains the delay.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The Com-
mittee on Printing can ascertain the cause. But
I do not think it a good reason that they cannot
get compositors enough. If they are short I will
turn in myself. I am a pretty good compositor.
Mr. MALLORY. I think that is the most use-
ful purpose to which we can apply the gentleman
from Illinois. [Laughter.] 1 hope he will go at
it at once.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I profess
to be an adept in that art. I now move the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted; and also moved to Jay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LOUISIANA ELECTION CASES.
Mr. DAWES, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, submitted a report, accompanied by the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That A. P. Field is entitled to a sent in this
Hou-e as a Representative from the second congressional
district m Louisiana.
The report was kid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. DAWES also, from the same committee,
presented a report, accompanied by the following
resolution:
Resolved, That W. D. Mann is entitled to a seat in thl*
House as a Representative from the third congressional
district in Louisiana.
The report was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
ARKANSAS ELECTION CASKS.
Mr. DAWES also, from the Committee of
Elections, presented a report, accompanied by
the following resolution:
Resahsi, That T. M. Jaaku ie entitloi to a  •«> in thi 
House as a Representative from the hreuiongicshlona} dis-
Uiet in Arkansas.
The report was laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. DAWES also, from the same committee,
presented a report, accompanied by the following
resolution;
Resolved, That J. M.Johnson is entitled to a sent in this
House as a Representative from the third congressional
district m AiKansas.
The report was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
DIGEST OF ELECTION CASES.
Mr. A. W. CLARK reported from the Com-
mittee on Printing the following resolution:
That there lie printed one thousand extra copies
of the Digest of Election Ca>o«, for the nse of thi* House.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, this Digest when
prepared closed necessarily with the beginning of
this Congress, because it was impossible to em-
brace in rt the cases of this Confess. now,
the present Congress being about to close, these
cases can be included, and I think it very impor-
tant that they should be,for they involve principles
of importance, i therefore move to amend the
resolution by adding the words, " including the
eases which have occurred during the present
Congress."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. A. W. CLARK moved the previous ques-
tion on the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the resolution as amended was agreed to.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. A. W. CLARK also reported from the
Committee on Printing the following resolution,
on which he moved the previous question:
Resolved, That there bp printed thirty thousand copies of
the leportot the Coinm^sioner o! Patent, twenty ihoitt-and
lor the members ot the tiouse ot Representatives, and ten
thousand for the Commissioner of Patents.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. A. W. CLARK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REPORT ON COMMERCIAL RELATIONS.
Mr. A. W. CLARK also reported from ihe
Committee on Punting the following icsuiution:
Resolved, That five hundred copies of the report o  the
commercial relations of the United States with loreigu na-
tions, for the year ending September 30, 1&>4, be prime?
for the State Department.
Mr, WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would in-
quire what number of copies of this report are
printed for the use of the House.
Mr. A. W. CLARK. Three thousand. I will
state, Mr. Speaker, that,m accordance with a law
passed at the last session, a certain number of
these documents are printed for the House and
the Senate. But it is found that the State Depart-
ment require one thousand copies, while the law
provides for furnishing that Department with only
five hundred. The object of this resolution is to
give the Department an additional five hundred.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would like
to inquire of the gentleman why the State Depart-
ment requires one thousand copies of this report.
Mr. A. W. CLARK. They are required for
distribution among consuls and ministers abroad.
Five hundred copies are insufficient for the pur-
pose.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is the work
in type at the present time ?
Mr. A. W. CLARK. It is being set up. It
has not yet been printed. No resetting of the
type wifi be necessary.
Mr. WASHBURNE,of Illinois. No portion
of the work has yet been printed >
Mr. A. W. CLARK. No, sir.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have no
objection to giving the State Department the num-
ber tfiat is absolutely required; but I thought one
thousand a larger number than was necessary.
But if the gentleman speaks by authority of the
Department, and says that that number is neces-
saiy, I will interpose no objection.
Mr, A. W. CLARK. I do spwak by author-
