1865.
TIfE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ity. The Department finds this number neces-
sary for consuls and ministers abroad.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. A. W. CLARK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider Us laid
on the table. /
The latter motion was agreed to. \S
HENRY A. BRIGHAM.
The SPEAKER stated the question in order to
be the consideration of Senate bill No. 212, for the
relief of Henry A. Brigham, pending last Satur-
day on the expiration of the morning hour, on
which the previous question had been demanded.
Mr. GARFIELD. I hope that the previous
question will not be seconded until we can have
some explanation of this bill.
Mr. HALE. I withdraw the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I read very
carefully the report on that subject as well as the
debate which took place in the other end of the
Capitol, and I ask attention to this very singular
fact. The whole case turns upon what is the
delivery of money. The pay agent went to the
desk of the counting-room where he was to re-
ceive his money, and the party who was to de-
liver it laid it in a tray, package by package, and
scored it off. When it was laid down he passed
it over and told the pay agent to look to see
that it was right. On counting it over that time
$2,000 was found to be gone. Was that a de-
livery of money? That is the proposition be-
fore the House. This bill goes upon the suppo-
sition that it was a delivery, this party receiving
the money on the outside of the counter and be-
fore he had accepted it as a delivery. It is now
declared that it was a delivery.
It seems to me, Mr. Speaker, that the teller of
the bank is the man who ought to ask for relief;
that the bank ought to suffer the loss and not this
party.
Mr.HALE. It is notpretended thatthe money
was delivered to or received by the paymaster.
The ground of relief is that he gave his check
and they refused to return it to him. They hold
the paymaster's check for $2,000, when he re-
ceived no consideration for it; and the Govern-
ment has charged liirn with $2,000, from which
this bill proposes to relieve him.
Mr. GARFIELD. I wish to corrcct the gen-
tleman. If he has read the report carefully he
knows that the teller stated, " I have counted the
money out to you," and the paymaster replied,
"I have not received the money." The teller
responded, " According to the rules of this bank
I have delivered this money to you."
Mr. HALE. It is not a bank.
Mr. GARFIELD. I use the word bank in a
generic sense. They agreed that they would go
before Mr. Cisco, the Assistant Treasurer of the
United States at New York. They did go to Mr.
Cisco, and he declared that it was a delivery of
money by the teller. According to that, if I go to
a bank with a check for $100, and the teller takes
it, handing me only seventy dollars, that is a de-
livery and I will have to lose so much money.
Mr. HALE. Thatis what Mr. Cisco has done
in this case. His teller handed the paymaster
the money $2,000 short and took his check. It
is to relieve (he paymaster from a charge that is
manifestly unjust that this bill is brought in.
Mr. ARNOLD. Who has the money?
Mr. GARFIELD. It does not make any differ
ence who has received the money. The Assistant
Treasurer of the United States should be respon-
sible for it.
Mr. HALE. I demand the previous question.
Mr. GARFIELD. I have the floor. 1 think
that we should charge the Assistant Treasurer of
the United Slates at New York with this $2,000,
and I understand that the bill before the House
does not do that, but relieves all parties and lets
the Government be the loser. The bill should be
amended so as to make the Assistant Treasurer
responsible for this money.
Mr. WASHBORNE, of Illinois. Why should
the Government be held responsible in a dispute
between a paymaster and a teller?
Mr. HALE. For the very reason that this man
never received the money that the Government
claimed that he did, and because the Government
keeps his chcck for $2,000.
Mr. GARFIELD. If we pass this bill we sim-
ply relieve the pay agent, and the Government
will lose the $2,000, the AssistantTreasurer being
straight in lus account. There is no testimony
that the money was stolen, notwithstanding the
report states that a stranger was there and put his
hand on some postage currency, for that does not
relieve the case, as it was not postage currency
that was missing. It was $2,000 in bills, and not
rostage currency, which was lost. So there is
not the slightest evidence before the House that
the money was stolen. It seems to me perfectly
evident that the money was improperly counted
in the first place inside the bank, and thatthe
Assistant Treasurer in New York should be re-
sponsible for it.
Mr. HALE. I believe it is understood or sup-
posed that the clerk himself is to blame; and I
am informed, though it does not appear from the
evidence in the case, that the clerk was discharged
soon after upon an allegation that in some way or
manner he had kept the money or miscounted
it, or made some mistake. Mr. Cisco, the As-
sistant Treasurer, was not at all to blame. He
decided that the paymaster was responsible for
the loss of the money; but it is not alleged that
he received the money or had it in his posses-
sion at all.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to know whether,
if we pass this bill, the Treasury of the United
States will not lose $2,000.
Mr. HALE. I do not believe a cent would be
lost to the Treasury. I have no doubt that there
was a mistake, and that the money was never
counted out at all.
Mr. ELDRIDGE: But will not the Govern-
ment lose it?
Mr. HALE. No, sir; I think a mistake of
$2,000 was made, and that the Government never
delivered the money to the paymaster, but took
his check for $2,000 more than they paid to him.
Mr. KERNAN. We are not relieving any-
body by the passage of this bill from accounting
for this money; we simply relieve this gentle-
man to whom the money was never paid, and
leave others to account for it as they can. We
simply relieve him from a liability of $2,000 for
which iheGovernmentholdshis voucher, when it
is conceded by everybody who has looked into
the evidence that he never had the money. The
Government simply hold his voucher arbitrarily,
and every lawyer will concede that had it been
a bank he could have sued the bank for $2,000.
He could notsue the Government,and we simply
ask to exempt him from responsibility, he being
free from blame. I trust the bill will pass.
Mr. HALE. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw that for a moment, to allow me to make an
explanation.
Mr. HALE. Certainly.
Mr. SCHENCK. I wish to set myself right
in reference to this case. I stated a short time
ago, in reply to the gentleman from Illinois, that
I was in favor of the passage of this claim. I
thought it was another claim which had been
before the Military Committee. I am not com-
mitted to this claim.
Mr. HALE. 1 demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the bill was read the third time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask for the
yeas and nays upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 73, nays 37, not voting 72;
as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Ancona, Anderson, Baily, John D.
Baldwin, Baxter, Brootnall, James S. Brown, William G.
Brown, Ohanler, Freeman Clarke, Coft'roth, Cravens, Den-
i^on, Dixon, Diiggs. Eden, Edgerton,English, Grider, Gns-
wold, Hale, Harding, Harrington, diaries M. Han is, Her-
rick, Ilutclnns. William Johnson, Julian, Kalbtieisch, Kas-
son, Orlando Kellogg, Kernan. Km<i, Knapp, Knox, Lazear,
Le Blond, Llttlejnhn, Mallory, Marcy, Marvin, McAllis-
ter, William H. Miller, Moorliead, James It. Morris, Amos
Myers, Nekon, John O'Neill, Patterson. Pendleton, Per-
hum, Prnyn. Radford, lioss, Seofield, Smith, Starr, John
B. Steele, William G. Steele, Sweat, Tliaver, Thomas,
Townseud, Van Valkenburgh, Webster, Wfialey, Joseph
W. White, Williams, Wilder, Winfield, Fernando Wood,
Woodbudge, and Yeainan—73.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Arnold, Boutwell, Cob!),
Cole, Homy Winter Davis, Du.wcs, Donnolly, Dumont,
Eckley, Eldrielge, Eliot, Finck, Garfield, Higby, Hooper,
AsahelW. Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, Hulburd, IngtrsoUs
Samuel F. Miller, Morrill, Daniel Morris, Noble, Norton,
Pomeroy, William H. Randall, John H. Rice, Edward II.
Rollins, Sehenck, Shannon, Tracy, Elihu !>• WasliSiunie,
William B. Washburn, Wilson, and WorthingtOn—37/
NOT VOTING—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J"*
Allen, Ames, Ashley, Augustus C. Baldwin, Beajpanf
Blaine, Blair, Bliss, Blow, Boyd, Brandegee, Brooks,-Am-
brose W. Clark, Clay, Cox, Creswell, Thomas T. l)avi«,
Dawson, Deming, Farnsworth, Frank, Ganson, GQOch,
Grinnell, Hall, Benjamin G. Harris, Holman, llotchkiss,
Jenckes, Philip Johnson, Kelley, Francis W.' Kellogg,
Law, Loan, Long, Longyear, Meiiride. McClurg, Mc-
Dowell, Mclndoe, McKinney, Mlddleton,Morrison, Leon-
ard Myers, Odell, Charles O'Neill, Orth, Perry, Pike; Price,
Samuel J. Randall, Alexander H. Rice, Robinson, Rogers;
James S. Rollins, Scott, Sloan, Sraithers, Spalding, Ste-
vens, Stiles, Strouse, Stuart, Upson, Voorhees, VVai|s-
wortll, Ward, Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Windom, arid
Benjamin Wood—72.
So the bill was ]
During the call,
Mr. SHANNON stated that Mr. Beaman was
confined to his room by sickness.
Mr. PENDLETON stated that Mr. Ward
was detained at his room by indisposition.
Mr. WEBSTER moved that the vote by which
the bill was passed be reconsidered; and also that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table. .
The latter motion was agreed to.
CHRISTIAN CHANEY.  
Mr. HALE, from the Committee of Claims^*
reported a bill for the relief of Christian Chaney;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury;
outof any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to pay to Christian Chaney the
sum of $200, to refund him for the same amount
of interest-bearing Treasury notes accidentally
burned in July, 1864.
Mr.WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Thatbillcon-
tains an appropriation, and I object to its being
considered m the House.
Mr. HALE. I hope the gentleman from Illi-
nois will withdraw that objection. This is a very
meritorious claim.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is not the
amount that I object to, but the principle, to
which I have objected during the whole of this
Congress, and expect to object to as long as I am
here.
Mr. THOMAS. If the gentleman from Illi-
nois will allow some brief explanation I think
he will not object to the passage of the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. _ I do not
object to any explanation, but I do object to the
passage of this bill or any other of a a similar
character. It is establishing a principle which I
think Congress ought not to indorse.
Mr. THOMAS. I do not seeof whatavail an
explanation would be unless the gentleman from ,
Illinois would say that in theevent of being satis-
fied the case is a very clear one he will let it pass-
without objection.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
declines to do that.
Mr.THOM AS. I will state the nature ofthecase.
It is the case of a soldier in our Army who placed'
in the hands of his wife, a very poor and needy
woman, at Hagerstown, some two hundred dollars
of his pay, saved from his hard earnings. This
woman, acting under the advice of her friendsm-
Hagerstown, invested the money, with the con-
sent of her husband, in two $100 interest-paying
Treasury notes. They were in hercustody per-
sonally when Lee's army made its appearance at'
Hagerstown in July, 1864. In the hurry of the
/ftioment she supposed that the safest place in
which to deposit the funds would be in a stove-
pipe. She placed them in the pipe of a stove in
which there had not been afire lor a long time,
it being in the summer season, and went into the-
garden to collect some clothing that she had been
engaged in washing for persons in the vicinity.-
Unfortunately her daughter, fourteen years old,
who was out at service, came home in a hurry,
and seeing her mother thus engaged, withoutex-
changing a word with the mother, concluded that
the clothing was being gathered in for the pur-
pose of being ironed, and stepping to the stove
made a fire and consumed this money.
Now, this is cleaily proved by incontestable,
testimony, and I will simply remark to the gen-
tleman from Illinois that a postponement of this
case for twelve months, involvingalosg.ofctwelve
dollars out of the earningsof asoldiev tnithe field-,-
