106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
te make for this deficiency arising from the en-
hanced price of paper. I understand from the
Superintendent of Public Printing—and if I am
wrong the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means will correct me—that he made his es-
timate at eighteen cents per pound, but instead of
paying eighteen cents per pound he is obliged by
these enhanced price's to pay from thirty-one to
thirty-seven cents per pound. But we have got
to meet this question.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. 1 would like to
ask my friend from Illinois whether the law does
not require thattheSuperintendent of Public Print-
ing shall advertise for proposals for paper, and
whether his contracts are not based upon the re-
turns made to that advertisement; and if so, and
if he entered into contracts for paper at eighteen
cents a pound; I would like to know where is his
authority for paying thirty cents a pound?
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman does not un-
derstand me as saying that the Superintendent
entered into contracts at that rate. I said he
made his estimates at that rate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. He made
the estimates on which I suppose he would have
to base his contracts.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I should sup-
pose that the Superintendent of Public Printing,
whose business it is to be acquainted with the
price of paper, would come nearer to the mark
than estimating paper at eighteen cents and pay-
ing for it over thirty cents.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That has
nothing to do with the great fact that the Super-
intendent of Public Printing, who has full knowl-
edge of the matter, instead of buying paper at
eighteen cents a pound, which he estimated as a
fair price, states to the Committee of Ways and
Means that he is obliged to pay from thirty-one
to thirty-seven cents a pound. That has nothing
to do with the law in regard to the contract sys-
tem. We have got to meet this question, not here
in this deficiency bill, but when it shall come be-
fore the House. Then it will be for Represent-
atives to say whether the country shall have to
submit to the present high price of paper by con-
tinuing the high prohibitory duty, thus imposing
a tax upon education, a tax upon knowledge, a tax
upon newspapers, a tax which will, in fact, de-
stroy all our local newspapers if it be continued.
Mr. MORRILL. May I be allowed to ask the
gentleman from Illinois, as he has spoken of the
high tariff on paper, what that tariff is?
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. It is pro-
hibitory.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is high
enough to prevent the importation of paper. I
think it is twenty per cent., payable, as a matter
of course,in gold.
Mr. COX. I think I can answer that question.
Mr. MORRILL. I did notask the gentleman
from Ohio. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENS. I am very sorry to have to
cut off this debate.
Mr. COX. Mr. Chairman 
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania yield to the gentleman from Ohio?
Mi. STEVENS. If my time on this floor
were not very short,Mr. Chairman, I might; but,
as it is, I must be excused. I am very glad that
this debate has sprung up, because it has given
us information which may be of use hereafter.
Now, however, we are dealing only with this
bill; and the actual price of paper is what we
have to consider, not as to how we shall reduce
the price hereafter, as I hope we shall do. At
present, however, its increased price has caused
this deficiency, and makes an appropriation ne-
cessary. That is why it is in this bill.
There is another item of some ninety millions
for the ordnance department. That arises from
the fact that it is impossible to tell in advance
what forts may be finished and will need arma-
ment. As works have been finished ordnance has
been supplied,and that has caused the deficiency
now asked for. As we have discussed the whole
bill without any particular objection to any part
of it, I hope we will go on and pass it.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, as the sub-
ject has come up for discussion, I desire to say,
upon the paper question, that it is not entirely in
consequence of the increased price of paper that
this laige deficiency has occurred. A very con-
siderable part of the blame is to be putupon this
House. Whenever the question of printing arises
we find the gentlemen on the other side as well as
on this side of the Chamber ready to make the
largest appropriations asked for. At the last ses-
sion I endeavored on two or three occasions to
arrest this, but without avail. One proposition
came in to print two hundred and fifty thousand
extra copies of the report on agriculture, which
required the work to be reprinted; and although
the usual number of extra copies had been already
distributed that proposition passed the House.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. I wish
to say that the printing ordered by the House is
but a small item of the expense. The great mass
of public printing is done for the Departments.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not wish to censure the
gentlemen who are on the Committee on Public
Printing so much as the action of the House, if I
may be allowed to express myself in that way.
Mr. STEVENS. I think I must call the gen-
tleman to order.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 withdraw the remark.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman, coming from
a little stony hill in Vermont, which cannot be
plowed, and which is not capable of agricultural
development, is always attacking this agricultural
report. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, I am willing
to concede that the work itself is perhaps one
wjiich we oughtto publish, and of which we ought
to publish a liberal number.
Then there was another proposition, and that
was to print ten thousand extra copies of the vol-
ume from the Secretary of State. That passed.
Subsequently there was another proposition—to
print the Dictionary of Congress; and every gen-
tleman who wished to see his name in print of
course supported that, although the work had
no more to do with our legislative business than
Worcester's or Webster's Dictionary.
Mr. WILSON. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman whether he voted for that proposition.
Mr. MORRILL. I did not.
Mr. WILSON. Well, very many others did.
Mr. MORRILL. But, Mr. Chairman, there
are evils in the establishment of this office. It
enables all the Departments of the Government
to go there whenever they are hungry. When-
ever they want a little job all they have to do
is to make an order for it, and it is done. We
strove at the last session to regulate that some-
what by providing that nothing should be printed
except under the order of the chief of a Depart-
ment. It does happen to be true that a large
amount of printing is required for the War Office,
a much largeramount than was anticipated. The
whole of this increase has not arisen in conse-
quence of the rise in the price of paper. It has
arisen in partfrom the increasedamountof orders
for printing, mainly from the War Department.
Mr. HOLMAN. On the item extending from
the one hundred and second to the one hundred
and eleventh line of the bill, I raise the point of
order,under the 120th rule of the House, that the
appropriation is not authorized by any existing
law. I regret to be obliged to raise this point,
becausc the appropriation applies to a very mei-
itorious class of gentlemen connected with this
House.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will read the
clause which is objected to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"To enable the Clerk of the House of Representatives to
execute Ihe l evolutions of the House of July 4,1864, direct-
ing payment of additional compensation to its officers,
cleiks, and other employe*-, and to the House reporters for
the Congressional Globe, a sum sufficient for that purpose,
being $37,991 40, is hereby appropnated uut of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, and the same
Is hereby added to the contingent fund of the House of
Representatives."
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will also read
the 120th rule.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"No appropiiation shall he reported in sneh general ap-
propuation bills, or be in order as an amendment thereto,
for any expenditure not previously authorized by law, un-
less ill continuation of appropriations for such public works
and objects as ate already in progross, and for the contin-
gencies for cairying on the several departments of the
Government."
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Holman] objects to the clause of the
bill which has been read, providing for increasing
by twenty per cent, the compensation of the of-
ficers, clerks, and other employes of this House.
The Chair overrules the point of order, as made
under the provisions of the 120th rule, for this
reason: the House of Representatives is a por-
tion of one of the departments of the Govern-
ment. The pay of its officers, clerks, and other
employes, is a contingency attending the carrying
on of that department of the Government. A
question whether, in order to carry on the depart-
ment, greater remuneration is necessary in order
to secure the continued service of these employes
or to properly compensate them, is a question
which relates to the carrying on of that depart-
ment. The last clause of the 120th rule is in these
terms:
" Unless in continuation of appropriations for such pub-
lic works and objects as are already in progress, and for the
contingencies for carrying on the several departments of
the Government."
The Chair decides that it is a contingency re-
lating to carrying on the legislative department of
the Government, if the House thinks proper and
the Senate thinks proper to increase the remuner-
ation of their servants in order to secure their ser-
vices, or in order better to reward those services.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
rise for the purpose of closing the general debate
on this bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Schenck reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had the Union generally under con-
sideration, and particularly House bill No. 620,
to supply deficiencies in the appropriations for the
service of the fiscal year ending the 30th of June,
1865, and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr, STEVENS moved that when the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union re-
sumed the consideration of the bill, all general
debate should be closed in one minute.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union,(Mr. Schenck
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
deficiency bill,on which further general debate had
been limited to one minute.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call the attention of the
committee to the following:
To enable the Clerk of the House of Representatives to
execute the resolutions of the House of July 4, 1864, di-
recting payment of additional compensation to its officers,
clerks, and other employes, and to the House reporters for
the Congressional Globe, a sum sufficient for that purpose,
being $37,991 40, is hereby appropriated out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, and the same
is hereby added to the contingent fund of the House of Rep-
resentatives.
I would ask the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means whether that increase of twenty
per cent, embraces the Commissioner of Public
Buildings and the officers under him.
Mr. STEVENS. My recollection is that the
police under him are embraced, but that the Com-
missioner himself is not.
Mr. HOLMAN. His salary is $2,000.
Mr. STEVENS. He is not embraced.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I should
like to have the original resolution read, to see
how broad it is.
Mr. HOLMAN. In order to get the matter
before the committee, I move to strike out these
words:
To enable the Clerk of the House of Representatives to
execute the resolutions of the House of July 4,1864,direct-
ing payment of additional compensation to its officers,
clerks, and other emp)oy6s, and to the House reporters for
the Congressional Globe, a sum sufficient for that purpose,
being $37,991 40, is hereby appropriated out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, and the same
is hereby added to the contingentfund of the House ofRep-
resentatives.
I ask that the Clerk will read the resolution of
July 4, 1864; but before it is read I desire to say
that I am well aware of the faithfulness in the dis-
charge of their duties of the class of officers des-
ignated in this appropriation. They are a meri-
torious class of our citizens. The salary paid to
them is equal to that paid in the other depart-
ments of the Government, and equal to that here-
tofore paid to like servants of the country. It is
