108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 22,
MILITAKY KOAP IN ARIZONA.
Mr. POSTON, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution; which was read, consid-
ered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be di-
re cted to inquire into the expediency of making a grafit of
public lands to aid in the construction of a military road
from the head of navigation on the Colorado river to Great
Salt Lake City, and from some point on the said river to
Preseott, the capital of Arizona; and also as to the propri-
ety of an appropriation of lands for the improvement of the
navigation of Colorado river.
FRIENDLY INDIANS OF ARIZONA.
Mr. POSTON also, by unanimous consent, of-
fered the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tlie Committee on Foreign AfiBirs be di-
rected to inquire into the expediency of making an appro-
priation for the purpose of coldmzing the friendly Indians
of Arizona on a reservation to be selected fiom the public
lands.
TAX ON MILEAGE.
Mr. DRIGGS asked unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution:
Whereas the Sergeant-at-Arms has deducted the five per
cent, tax from the mileage of members as well as from the
salary: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Moans be
directed to inquire by what authority the same has been
done, and to report to this House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act(H.R.No.
618) to amend the act entitled "An act to provide
internal revenue to support the Government, to
pay interest on the public debt, and for other
purposes," approved Juije 30, 1864; when the
Speaker signed the same.
BUSINESS OP THE HOUSE.
Mr. WASHBURN]^ of Illinois. I move that
when the House adjourns to-day it adjourn to
meet on Friday next.
The SPEAKER. That motion cannot be en-
tertained, from the fact that the House has already
decided that it will not meet on Friday.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then 1 ask
unanimous consent that there shall be no business
transacted to-morrow.
Objection was made.
And then, on motion of Mr. HOLMAN, (at
twenty-five minutes to four o'clock, p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 82,1864.
Prayer by Rev. Thomas Bowman, D. O., Chap-
lain to the Senate.
The Jou rnal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BUCICALEW. I present the petition of
William Appleman, of Pennsylvania, with ac-
companying papers, reciting his conviction before
a military commission, and praying that the fine
imposed by it may be refunded. 1 move that the
petition and papers be laid on the table and
printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will be made if there be no objection.
Mr. GRIMES. I object to printing solely on
the giound that I hear no statement made by the
Senator from Pennsylvania that will make this
an exception to the general rule, which is that
petitions shall not be printed.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I have no objection to
waive the motion to print.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
to print is waived, and the petition lies on the
table.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I hold in my hand a letter
from the Secretary of the Treasury, and a report
from the Light-House Board, upon a petition of
citizens of Rhode Island and New York, praying
for the establish merit of fog signals at Point Judith,
Rhode island , and at Execution Rocks, and Hart
Island, New It oik. The subject is of public in-
terest, and I move 'hat the letter and the report
be lead and referred, with the accompanying pa-
peis, to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to; and the following
documents were read:
Treasury Department, December 20, 1864.
Si$t Your letter of the 13th instant, with accompanying
petitions from citizens of Providence, Rhode Island, and
New York, engaged in commercial pursuits in said cities,
requesting the erection of " fog signals" at Point Judith,
Execution Hocks, Hart Island, and Beaver Tail, having
been referred to the Light-House Board, I have the honor
to transmit a copy of their report on the subject.
I am, very respectfully,
W. P. FESSENDEN,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. William Sprague, United Slates Senate.
Treasury Department,
Office Light-House Board, December 19, 1864.
Sir,: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of a
letter from Hon. William Sprague to the honorable Sec-
retary of the Treasury, with a petition fromcitizens o( Prov-
idence, Rhode Island, and New York, engaged in commer-
cial piusuits in said cities, also addre^ed to the honorable
Secretary of the Treasury, and both addressed to this board
" for a report."
Thefse papers have been submitted to tlie board, and I am
instructed respectfully to report that the attention of the
board has been anxiously drawn to the .subject of ear sig-
nals ot diffeient kinds as aids to navigation in tho*«e waters
of the bays and rivers of the United States where fogs most
prevail.
In 1860 an appropriation of $6,000 was made by Congress
to enable the board to experiment in the matter of fog sig-
nals. Of this appropriation $4,500 are yet on hand, and
fuither experiments are necessary to enable the board to
decide on the relative advantages of belts, whistles, and
trumpets. Tt lias been deemed that the excellent light on
Point Judith and the large buoy on the Great Eastern Rock
were sufficient for vessels entenngor leaving the waters of
the United States by that passage, but a hell or whistle will
be immediately placed nearthellghtif an appropriation can
be obtained in accordance with an estimate {submitted with
this.
The fog signal at Beavei Tail was discontinued tem-
porally, but will again be put m operation.
The bell on Execution Rocks has been ordered to be re-
placed by a larger one.
Meabui es are being taken for the erection of a light-house
on Ilart Island, and a fog signal, either a bell or whistle,
will be placed there.
The papers aie herewith returned.
Very respectfully,
W. B. SHUBRICK, Chairman.
Hon. William P. Fessendcn, Secretary of the Treasury.
Estimate.
For fog signals at Point Jininh, Rhode Inland, Execution
Rocks and Hart Island, New Yoik, $10,GOO.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer a petition from Rev.
John Beeson, who is well known to have interested
himself very much in the welfare of the Indians,
in which he asks Congress that a proclamation of
amnesty and protection for all Indians who will
cease their hostility against the people and Gov-
ernment of tlie United States may be speedily is-
sued. 1 move its reference to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. lalsoofi'tn the petition ofMrs.
Catharine Spear, widow of the late Rev. Charles
Spear, who devoted his lifu to persons in prison,
asking Congress to make provision for the care and
reformation of juvenile olfenders here in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and setting forth the necessity of
such provision. I move that it be referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of officers of
the Army praying for an increase of their pay and
allowances; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
reports of committees.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Aftans and the Militia, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (H. II. No. 5b'6) to drop from the
rolls of the Army unemployed general officers,
reported adversely thereon, and submitted are-
port, which was ordeied to be printed.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom were refeired two petitions of
citizens of Iowa, praying for the abrogation of the
reciprocity treaty, asked to be discharged from
their further consideration; which was agreed to.
the soldiers' home.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following resolu-
tion by unanimous consent:
Reiolved, That the Commit toe on Military Affahs and the
Militia be nu-tiucu'd to inquire into theexpediency of con-
tinuuiii the iriiet to M)ldt< r-< at the SoUiiei>' Home, inauir-
mg into tiie manner in winch the fund* lor the said institu-
tion havt* hoen managed, the present condition ofthesame,
and aUo whether the benevolent purposes of the Govern-
ment in establishing the same might not be better carried
out by repealing the'law, abandoning that mode of relief,
and substituting therefor pensions to those at present by law
entitled to its benefits.
Mr. HALE. My impression is that a resolu-
tion of this kind, and perhaps in these very words,
was passed at the last session; but I have no ob-
jection to this resolution; let it go.
The resolution was agreed to.
MILITARY SERVICE.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 583) to amend the twenty-
first section of an act entitled "An act to define
the pay and emoluments of certain officers of the
Army, and for other purposes," approved July
17, 1862. The bill pioposes to amend the section
referied to, so as to make it read as follows:
That any alien, of the age of twenty-one years and up-
wards, who has enlisted or shall enlist in the armies of the
United States, either the volunteer or regular forces, or in
the naval or marine forces, and has been or shall hereafter
be honorably discharged, may be admitted to become a citi-
zen of the United States, upon his petition, without any
previous declaration of his intention to become a citizen
of the United States, and that lie shall not be required to
prove more than one year's residence within the United
States previous to ins application to become such citizen;
and that the court admitting such alien shall, in addition to
the proof of residence and good moral character, as is now
provided by law, be satisfied by competent proof of such
person having been honorably discharged from the service
of the United States as aforesaid.
Mr. WILSON. I do not desire to put the bill
on its passage now, but to move fwo sections as
amendments to it, in order to have them printed.
1 do not think there will be any objection to
them; but I wish Senators to have them before
them, so that they may know what they are.
The amendments are to add to the bill the follow-
ing additional sections:
Sec. J. And be it further enacted, That it Is not within
the intent of the first section of the act of March 3, 1883,
entitled "An actio authonze the brevetting of volunteer
and other officers in tlie United States service,*'author-
izing the President to confei brevet rank forgallantactions
and moutorious conduct, to make a distinction as to pay
between the officer-; of volunteers and other forces, in-
cluding the regular Army ; but that such brevet rank does
not entitle any officer, either of tin; regular Army or volun-
teer, to any increase of pay or emoluments.
Sec 3. And be it further enacted, That if a soldier dis-
charged for wounds leceived in battle die before receiving
the bounty provided by the act of March 3, 1863, entitled
"An act to amend an act to authonze the employment of
volunteers," See , the bounty due shall descend to his heirs
in the same manner and ordtu of succession as if he had
died in service.
The amendments were ordered to be printed,
and the further consideration of the bill was post-
poned until to-morrow.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. HALE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 368) to
incorporate the Association of the Sisters of Mercy
in the city of Washington, District of Columbia;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
LAND SALES IN KANSAS.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 88) suspending the sale by
sealed bids of the lands- of the Kansas and the
Sac and Fox Indians; which was read twice by
its title.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to put the joint reso-
lution on its passage at the present time.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution, which proposes to postpone
the sales of the lands of the Kansas and Sac and
Fox tribes of Indians of the State of Kansas by
sealed bids until the 14th of December, 1865, any
treaty or law to the contrary notwithstanding.
Mr. HARLAN. Has that resolution been re-
ported from any committee?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It has not.
It has just been introduced by the Senator from
Kansas.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. It is a copy of a reso-
lution that was passed on the same subject at the
second session of a former Congress. I desire to
state to the chairman of the Committee on Public
Lands that these lands were advertised while our
people were engaged in resisting Price's invasion
of the State. To-morrow is the day appointed
