1$65.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
"the subject of taxation than any other—that no
gentleman in the Parliament of England had the
temerity to propose a tax on sales.
But it is proposed here this morning to do a
thing which no civilized nation is now doing,
which was never done but by three nations, and
resulted disastrously in each case. The attempt
to introduce it into Holland caused the wars ot
Alva, and originated the Dutch Republic. IIow
was it in Spain, and in Naples ? Some of the sub-
divisions in each of those countries sought and
obtained permission to commute the tax on sales
by raising the same amount in other modes, not
so injurious to the interests of industry. The
districts that obtained the privilege of commuta-
tion paid their taxes, find were able to bear it,
while the provinces that paid the tax on sales fell
to decay, when all other conditions of growth
were equal. Of this tax Prescott says:
" Whatever may be thought of its legality, there can be
ni) doubt it was one of the most successful means ever de-
vised by a Government for shackling the industry and en-
tei prise of its subjects."—Note to Ferdinand and Isabella,
vol. '3, p. 488.
I call attention to the intrinsic injustice of this
measure. A just tax is one in which the citizen
shares his prosperity with the Government. But
a sale is by no means a mark of prosperity. It
is often a serious compulsory sacrifice, in which
case this law taxes the loss of the citizen. To
tax misfortune is not merely injustice, it is cru-
elty. I hope the ingenuity of the Committee or
Ways and Means will show us a more excellent
way for sustaining the expenses of the Govern-
ment.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. Chairman,the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. J. C. Allen] has said
nearly all that I wished to say on this subject.
I indorse what he has said. But there was one
remark made by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Boutwell] to which I wish to pay
some little attention. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts acknowledges that the tax imposed
upon manufactures is now paid by the consumer,
and must continue to be the case. I concur with
him in that opinion. But I wish to suggest to
those gentlemen who wish to relieve the consumers
from the payment of this tax and to impose it to
some extent upon the manufacturers, that after
this bill shall be completed, and when the tariff
bill comes up, we may attain that end. I am op-
posed to burdening the consumers with the whole
tax laid upon manufactured articles; and yet they
will be burdened with that tax so longas we per-
mit the ruling power in this House so to shape
the tariff as to prevent the articles thatcomeinto
competition with domestic manufactures coming
to market. When we abandon our protective
policy, and lower the duty so as to allow foreign
articles to come into competition with home manu-
factures, then we can make the manufacturer pay
the tax, and relieve the consumer. In order to do
that, 1 hope that when the time will come gentle-
men will help me in an effort to relieve the con-
sumers and make the manufacturers pay the tax.
Mr. GARFIELD withdrew his amendment.
Mr. THAYER. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts by
adding thereto the following:
Provided, That the provisions of this section shall not ex-
tend to sales made by manufacturers or producers of the
articles, goods, wares, and merchandise sold.
I do not understand, sir, that the motion of the
gentleman from Massachusetts is to substitute the
proposition which he has advanced for the fourth
section of the bill now before the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. It is to follow that sec-
tion.
Mr. THAYER. It is to follow, as I under-
stand, that section, and is to constitute a new and
substantive section itself. The fourth section con-
templates an additional duty of twenty per cent,
on sales made by manufacturers to the already
heavy taxation imposed by the original act. If
we are to adopt the fourth section it would cer-
tainly be most impolitic for us to levy this addi-
tional tax on such sales as are made by manu-
facturers; in other words, to add to the burdens
already imposed on the manufacturing interest
this further twenty percent, contemplated by the
bill and the burden proposed by the amendment
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bout-
well.]
Mr. KASSON. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him whether it would not simplify the
method and avoid embarrassments if, instead of
putting twenty per cent, additional on manufac-
tures as proposed by the bill, we should put on
only ten per cent? It would then leave the bur-
den identically where it is, and avoid some com-
plications by reason of the proposed exemption.
Does the gentleman from Pennsylvania under-
stand that?
Mr. THAYER. I cannot act upon the theory
of some proposed action which I do not know
will take place. I do know that there is now be-
fore this committee no proposition to strike out
this fourth section. I do not know that the com-
mittee of Ways and M&ns have abandoned this
fourth section for the one proposed by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Boutwell.]
If this fourth section is left in the law, it would
be manifestly absuid, in my opinion, to inflict a
further tax upon sales made by manufacturers,
after adding twenty per cent, to the already heavy
taxation imposed upon that interest.
Mr. ALLISON. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Thayer,] as well as the original proposition of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Boot-
well.] Itseems to me that this is not only a tax
upon consumption, but it is also a tax upon a
very large class of the products of this country
that cannot afford to bear the burden of such a
tax, particularly the articles of wheat and flour,
which are the great staple products of the west-
ern States. It is well known, and cannot be de-
nied, that the price of flour in Liverpool tends
largely to regulate the price of wheat and flour in
this country, and if therg is a tax upon the sales
of those articles it will be a tax upon the pro-
ducers of those articles in the States where they
are produce*!, as they cannot add the tax to the
price of the article; and not only that, but every
single transfer of wheat and flour fiom the West
to the East will result in a tax not only of the half
per cent, here proposed, but there will also be
from one half to one per cent, imposed in the way
of profit, and it will be equivalent to levying a
tax of from eight to ten per cent, upon the pro-
ducers of wheat and flour particularly, for every
barrel of flour that passes from the West to the
East passes through the hands of from eight to
ten persons from the farmer who produces it in
the shape of wheat before it reaches the consumer;
and if, as has been suggested to me, you exempt
wheat and flour from the operation of this tax,
you would really exempt the great basis of the
internal commerce of this country.
But although in favor of vigorous measures of
taxation, I am opposed to any check upon that
commerce. If we undertake to imposea taxupon
those articles, we would destroy or greatly im-
pair the production of those articles, and would,
in addition, destroy the great class of middlemen*
who deal in these articles between the Missis-
sippi river and the Atlantic sea-board. I am not
surprised that gentlemen representing constitu-
encies in New York and other great cities in the
eastern States are in favor of this taxupon sales,
because the necessary tendency of such a tax will
be to consolidate trade in those large cities and
break down the smaller traders throughout the
country.
Last night we refused to impose a tax of more
than five per cent, upon cotton, an article pro-
duced with great profit to the planter, and al-
though that article of production is more than
any other transferred directly to the consumer
abroad from the producer here. Yet by imposing
a tax of one half of one pgr cent, upon sales you
really impose a tax of from eight to ten cents
upon every bushel of wheat raised in the western
States, upon which there is at best but a small
profit to the producer. It will not only; check
commerce, but tend to destroy one great interest
in this country, the interest of agriculture, and it
will also tend to destroy the interest of manufac-
ture, as in the case of the " alcavala" in Spain.
There not only the manufacturing interests were
destroyed, but the agricultural interests of that
country were also almost wholly destroyed; and
in the case of Naples, as the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] has truly said, the tax became
so odious that the people of towns and districts
there undertook by compositions of that tax to
get rid of it.
1 am upon principle opposed to this tax, bp,
cause I believe it would be a radical change in
our system of raising revenue,and would requite
the presence of the tax gatherer and collector in
every district and hamlet in the country. I think
this proposition ought not to be adopted, becau§es
it will act injuriously upon all the great western
States, and also upon the eastern States, outside
of the cities.
[Here the hammer fell.] , .
The amendment of Mr. Thayer was rejected.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I move to amend
by striking out the,lastline of the pending amend-
ment. It is obvious that this is a proposition
either to tax classes or to tax consumption; it is
one of the two. If it be a proposition to tax con-
sumption, as argued by the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. J. C.Allen,] I am surprised that the
West should complain of that mode of taxation,
because consumption prevails where the popula-
tion prevails, and it is in proportion to the popu-
lation, and therefore it is that the eastern States,
principally the large cities of the eastern States,
would pay the larger proportion of this tax.
Now, sir, in my judgment this is not a tax upon
consumption, but it is a tax upon trade. There,
are three classes in our community: the producing,
class, the trading class, and the professional class.
They are all consumers. This is a proposition
to tax the trading classes, a tax on sales. Capital
can always take care of itself, and it has almost
become the rule in this country that those who,
produce everything get nothing, and those who
produce nothing get everything. The trading
class as a class are a useful and respectable por-
tion of the body-politic, but they are not produ-,
cing classes.- They produce nothing. They create
nothing; but by their brains and wit, and if you
please, by their energy and perseverance, they
avail themselves of the productions of others, and
live and make money by it.
Now, this amendment proposes, as I under-
stand it, to levy a tax upon sales. If you tax
sales it does not necessarily follow that the tax
imposed runs into the consumption of the article,
and the consumer finally pays it. Therefore, 1
can see no objection to this mode of taxation, and
I am a little surprised that that portion of our
country where population is sparse and where
consumption is necessarily not so great as it is in
the Atlantic States should take exception to this
mode of taxation, provided the taxation is really
imposed. Whether considered as a tax on trade
or consumption, (it is one or the other,) it seems
to me that that portion of the country represented
by the Atlantic Slates must pay the greater part
of it; hence the West should not complain.
" Mr. DAVIS, of New York. Mr. Chairman,
it is essential to us, as every one must admit, to
raise revenue. All taxes are burdensome; but
taxation is now inevitable,and thequestion which
we are to consider is what is that mode of taxa-
tion which shall rest most uniformly and equi-
tably upon the varied interests of this country?
and, in myjudgment,thereisno way of imposing
taxation which is so just and so equitable as this
upon sales. I know that it may affect manufac-
turers, producers, and consumers,but that we can-
not avoid. We must have money or else we must
let this Government go; and, sir, for one, I stand
ready to tax every interestin this country rather
than surrender the Government, and if it takes
half per cent, or five per cent, on sales and ton per
cent, or fifty per cent on incomes, I am ready to
vote the tax if only, in my judgment, it shall be
necessary to sustain the Government.
It is alleged here that this tax is oppressive
upon peculiar interests, upon the middlemen,
upon the small dealers scattered throughout the
western country. I undertake to say, from some
little personal knowledge on the subject, that you
may start from the city of New York, from the
wholesale dealer there, and go to the purchasers
from him in Albany, Syracuse, Rochester, Buf-
falo, Cleveland, Toledo, and so to various points
even beyond the Mississippi river, and you will
find that the profit made by the retailer in each
instance as you go further West is greater than
the profit made by the wholesale dealer who sup-
plies the traders with the goods. 1 know that id
the State of Iowa the profits of the retailer there
are greater than the profits either of the whole-
sale dealer or the retailers in the States of New
York and Ohio, and it is immaterial to what class
