THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
of goods you apply that proposition. I say,
therefore, that it is just and right that this tax,
which reachesevery interest, should be imposed.
For myself I am interested largely in the pro-
duction and sale of coal in this country, and I
say, " Come on with your taxes and I will try
to take care of my interests and to pay my pro-
portion." I hops thatevery interest in thiscoun-
try will respond in a similar spirit, and that gen-
tlemen upon this floor wilt not be afraid of taxa-
tion because it may be unpopular, but will sup-
port it because taxation is a necessity.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. HULBURD. I move to strike out the
last three lines of the amendment. It seems to
me, Mr. Chairman, that the historical instances
cited here are not altogether relevant, certainly
not conclusive. The cases cited by the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] as w«ll as
those read by the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr.
Morrill,] indicate that the percentage was ten
per'cent, in Naples and fourteen per cent, in
Spain and the Netherlands.
The proposition of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts is to impose a tax of one half of one per
cent. If it were proposed to make this a tax of
ten percent., that would certainly tie up property,
or, as has been said, prevent its mobility. But
this is a very small per centum. It is very well
known that m New York and in Chicago prop-
erty in its exchange is burdened with a commis-
sion of two and a half per cent. Yet who ever
heard fhatthat prevented the transfer of property ?
"Who ever heard th'at, because there is a broker's
commission in New York, therefore property is
tied up? This objection has 110 relevancy, be-
cause the percentage here proposed is so small
that it will not be directly felt.
The gentleman says that the adoption of this
froposition will break up the middleman. Well,
•ir, he has learned, and so have I, that the nearer
Jhe producer and the consumer come together the
better it is for the consumer. If business men
generally desire this change, why not try the ex-
periment ? Sir, within the last three weeks 1
heard one of the largest operatives in the city of
New York, the man who pays a heavier income
tax than any other man in the United States, say
that if such a proposition as this should become
a law, he would lift up both his hands in favor
of it. It will be said, of course, that he will add
this per centum to the price of his goods. Very
well. Thejobber will put it upon Ins; the retailer
will put it upon his. And if it be true, as has
been said here, and to a certain extent it is true,
that the people desire taxation, they desire it be-
cause they are earnest in their determination that
this war shall be carried on and the rebellion put
down; and as they are freely pouring out their
blood they will not spare the money that may
be required; and why shall they not contribute
their money in this indirect way?
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Chairman, I have
made up my mind to support this proposition to
tax sales. But 1 must observe that, if I believed
my colleague from Ohiu, or my respected friend
from Iowa, to be correct, I should hesitate before
giving my vote for this proposition. But, sir, I
have 110 idea that a tax upon sales is to operate
as a ball and chain upon the ankle of industry.
On the contrary I maintain that the weight of that
ball and chain would rest upon the rich and
those who are plethoric with money. There can
be 110 question of that.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to ask the gentleman
a question. What is it that regulates the price of
wheat and flour in this country?
Mr. SPALDING. 1 will answer the gentle-
man presently.
If, sir, the producers of wheat and corn should
be obliged to pay their proportion of the taxation
of this country, 1, as a representative of that class,
would not complain; for they are now as lightly
taxed asany class of the community. Our farm-
ers, who are making money out of the produce
of their lands, are the least taxed of any of the
producing classes of the country; and they can
well affoid to pay something of tax in this direc-
tion. They will not feel it.
The bulk of sales made now are made to and
from the shoddy contractors, men who have an
abundance of money; men who buy houses at
extravagant prices; men who buy lands; men
who buy silks and satins; men who buy dia-
monds. The men who deal in these articles of
luxury are those who would feel this tax. The
ball and chain will rest there, if it rests any-
where.
Now, I say that it is unfair in discussing this
question to appeal to the'passions of members of
the House by saying that the honest and indus-
trious poor of the land will have to pay this tax.
The major part of it will rest upon those who can
afford it. No doubt it will be felt to some extent
in all directions and by all the people; but it will
be felt proportionately. Articles of necessity will
not feel the tax so essentially as articles of lux-
ury. Consequently those who deal in articles of
luxury will bear the greater part of the burden.
1 believe that at this time the exigencies of the
country are such that in spite of the line-spun
theories found in the books, which are now guiding
some of the learned gentlemen on this floor, we
must either try this experiment or adopt some-
thing that will operate more grievously upon the
population of our common country. I am in
favor of trying this experiment.
Mr. FRANK. Mr. Chairman, I do not pro-
pose to discuss this question at any length. I
always feel a hesitation in giving my views in this
House on any question of importance, but 1 must
in this case act according to the best of my judg-
ment, which is decidedly in favor of this tax.
The theory which has been advanced, and the
extracts which have been read from publications
as to the tax upon sales in other countries, I do
not think apply to us. We are a different nation
from any other. Our whole system of govern-
ment is different from others. We are a free
people—a people who read, write, and think for
ourselves.
Again, sir, we have tested this matter of a tax
upon the sales ourselves, and it is believed that
that mode is better than any other one by any
other nation. You will remember that last year
we taxed the sales of stocks, bonds, and other
securities. At that time there was serious oppo-
sition made to it. The Committee of Ways and
Means, if I remember correctly, reported a tax of
one fiftieth of one per cent. This House after
discussion made it one tenth of one per cent. Af-
terward the conference committee fixed it at one
twentieth of one per cent., two and a half times
greater than was reported by the Committee of
Ways and Means. That has been to a certain
extent carried into effect. The result was, as we
were told last evening by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Odell,] thata large amount of money
had been received into the Treasury from the tax
upon these sales.
We were told that it would decrease the busi-
ness. Instead of decreasing, the business has in-
creased; not because it is taxed, but because the
business of the country has not been impeded by
this tax upon the sales of bonds and other secu-
rities.
I know, and every gentleman of this House un-
derstands, that this will be a precedent. Taxa-
tion is, and always will be, a precedent. That is
accepted. .Wecan bythis tax increase the reve-
nue. The bill reported by the Committee of
Ways and Means cannot, I think, increase the
revenue very largely; and I do think that the
tax upon sales would add to the revenue of the
country largely at this time, when it is so very'
necessary to us.
I am decidedly in favor of this tax. As I re-
marked last evening, I think that the people of
the country are in favor of it, and willing to sus-
tain us in our action.
Mr. HULBURD, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. TOWNSEND. Mr. Chairman, I move
to strike out one half of one per cent, and insert
one quarter of one per cent. If this proposition
had come before the House without the heavy
tax upon incomes, and with a general increase, it
would have obtained my cordial support. But as
the gentlemen from the Committee of Ways and
Means inform us that they expect to raise from
this additional tax now presented from three hun-
dred and fifty to four hundred million dollars, I
think it a matter of grave doubt whether at this
time, when the country is suffering from the great
and necessary burdens for carrying on the war,
to attempt to pay off any large portion ofourpub-"
lie debt which the gentlemen on the committee
propose. Toglancea momentat our debt, and es-
timating it at $2,000,000,000, seven per cent, upon
this sum would be ^140,000,000 to be raised per
annum. The estimate for the coming year is, as
I before remarked, three hundred and fifty to four
hundred million dollars, so that we huvu sufficient
to not only pay the interest, but provide two to
three hundred million dollars toward paying the
expenses of the war. If I understand the gentle-
men correctly who advocate this measure it is
proposed to raise an additional sum of sixty to
eighty million dollars. If the section to which
this is an amendment is struck out altogether it
would appear to me more acceptable. In view,
therefore, Mr. Chairman, that we have already
taxed very heavily the mercantile interests, 1 pro-
pose that the tax should be reduced to one quar-
ter of one per cent. The experiment would not
be of so much consequence if it fuiied to realize
the views of those who promote it, and it would
not bear so heavily upon the already heavily
taxed manufacturing interests of the country.
It has always been a matter of astonishment to
the country why persons who happen to have
their money invested in land should refuse to pay
their just proportion of taxes, and through their
Representatives in Congress steadily vote down
any measure calculated to reach them; while per-
sons who, after .accumulating some property by
self-denial and application, investing it in railroad
bonds and other securities, should be taxed to
such an extent as to be unable since the war be-
gun to scarcely support their families. 1 know
of many cases of the most extreme hardship and
positive suffering among a large class of people,
while the great landed and farming mterestof the
country, sufficient to lessen the burdens of the
war to an enormous extent, escape. This tax of
even one half per cent., if it reaches the farmer,
would only involve, in case his crops should re-
alize §2,000, but ten dollars; and I ask whether
any farmer in the country is unpatriotic enough
to refuse to pay that sum.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. THAYER. I do not understand that the
farmer would be obliged to pay anything by
the amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, because it is confined to those
who are obliged to take out a license.
Mr. TOWNSEND. It applies to all sales,
without reference to licenses
Mr. THAYER. No, sir.
Mr. TOWNSEND. Then it is still more ridic-
ulous that any objection should be made.
Mr. THAYER. It is confined, thegentleman
will ascertain, to persons who are obliged to take
out a license. 1 should be more in favor of it if
it extended to all ciasses of persons; because I
believe it would be more equal and just.
Mr. TOWNSEND. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. IIOOPER. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting the following:
Including all sales of stock and bullion bv brokers and
others, and excluding all sales or agricultural products.
Mr. Chairman, it would seem at first sight that
a tax on sales might be an unobjectionable and a
productive tax; but an examination of its true
character and of the difficulties in assessing and
collecting it will, in my opinion, satisfy any one
that it is the most objectionable, the most vexa-
tious, and the least productive, in proportion to
the cost of collecting it, of all forms of taxation.
Experience has demonstrated that it is far more
economical and less vexation to tax more heav-
ily the_ fewest objects, and at the fewest points
where it will bear alike upon the whole commu-
nity in proportion to their means or annual expend-
iture, than to tax lightly many objects at a great
many points, to be collected m small sums from
a great many persons* The correctness of this
principle is recognized by many who urge the
"tax on sales," and they present it as an argu-
ment in its favor. The mistake they make is,
that because such a tax is comprehended" m the
single expression of a " tax 011 sales," they over-
look the important fact that no other tax could
be imposed which reaches so many objects of
taxation or so many subjects to collect it from.
As an illustration of the principles by which
the Committee of Ways and Means havfe been
guided in preparing their tax bills in this and in
the preceding Congress, I would refer to the tariff
of duties on imports. Before this civil war com-
