1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
877
mcnced the revenue of the nation came almost en-
tirely from the duty on imports. The farmers,
the mechanics, the producers and manufacturers
throughout the country, were exempt from the
visits of the national tax gatherers, though every
man, woman,and child in the country contributed
to the revenue in proportion to their consumption
of imported articles. The amount of tax thus
raised was sufficient for all the expenses of the
national Government; it was equal to about three
dollars annually to each one of the whole popu-
lation; being contributed by each of them in pro-
portion to their style orexpense of living. It was
probably as justly apportioned among the people
as any tax could be. This duty was, however,
collected from comparatively few. The Govern-
ment received it from those who were best able
to advance the tax until the consumers, who
eventually pay whatever duties are assessed,
could refund the amount. The importing mer-
chant who paid a duty of over one hundred per
cent, on the cost of a cargo of tea or spices never
considered himself taxed to that extent because
he had paid the duty on his cargo to the Govern-
ment. It was returned to him when he sold his
cargo, together with the cost abroad and the ex-
penses of the voyage. And so in regard to each
purchaser of any portion of the cargo; when sold
again the cost was returned, until the articles came
into the possession of the consumer, who finally
paid the whole cost, including all duties and ex-
penses.
The same principle prevails in regard to the
internal revenue duties on products and manufac-
tures. The tax is paid by the consumers; but the
duty should be collected from the fewest number
possible, and on the fewestarticles; and it should
be collected by the Government from those who
are best able to advance the payment, which will
in the end be reimbursed by the consumer. It is
a tax on the consumer, and the manufacturer or
producer who pays the duty to the Government
is no more taxed than is the merchant who pays
the duty prescribed by the tariff on an imported
cargo.
The income and other taxes are different; they
are intended to be imposed directly on those who
pay them.
It seems to me important to keep in view the
distinction between duties and taxes; the duty
being a general tax on the consumers, and not
upon those who pay it to theGovernment, except
so far as they may be consumers of the articles
on which duty is imposed; while a tax is borne by
the party from whom the Government collects it.
In preparing the tax laws, four great principles
have been kept jn view by the committee who
have had the duty of preparing those measures,
though they have not always been adhered to:
that the taxation should, as far as possible, be
definite in regard to its application and the rate
upon the articles to be taxed; that it should be in
the form and mode least liable to be evaded, and
apportioned equally upon those fiom whom it
was to be collected; that the payment should be
convenient by assessing the duty on articles when
in the form required for general use or consump-
tion and in the possession of those who were best
able to advance the amount of the tax, which
comes at last from the consumer of the articles on
"which the duty is assessed; and finally, that it
should be economical in regard to the labor and
care and attention toinsureitsefficientassessment
and collection.
This proposed " tax on sales"seems to violate
all these principles of taxation. As I have said
before, it taxes every object that can be sold, and
taxes almost every person in the community. It
will be vexatious and inconvenient, because it re-
quires every farmer and mechanic who is above
the condition of a hired laborer or journeyman to
go each month with his list or return to the as-
sessor and then to the collector to pay the tax on
all the sales he has made during the preceding
month. To a vast majority of such persons, the
time required and the trouble in preparing the re-
turns will be more of a tax than the amount of
money they have to pay.
In regard to the economy of collecting such a
tax, if it is intended to enforce its collection
monthly upon all transfers of property by sale,
every tenth man in the community should be in
the revenue service to watch the business of his
neighbors and pry into every petty detail of every
transaction,and upon the greater number the tax
imposed will not be enough to pay the cost of col-
lection.
It is indefinite, and especially so in the oppor-
tunity it will afford to cheat the Government on
the one hand and to cheat the consumer on the
other. The honest, conscientious seller will make
true returns of his sales, but who can know any-
thing about the correctness of the returns made by
those who are dishonest and unscrupulous? Af-
ter this tax is imposed what proportion of allthe
sales that are made will be a subject of record, and
in what possible manner can any returns of sales
to the assessor be verified ?
It will operate unequally because, to a consumer
far removed from the centers of business, many
articles must pass through many hands and be
sold many times before they reach him. He may
have to pay the tax many times over on the flour,
or groceries, or cloth which his family consume;
while those who live in or near the great centers
of trade can purchase from the large wholesale
dealers. The effect will be to discourage small
traffic, and to concentrate trade in great establish-
ments. Equality of taxation would require that
every barrel of flour consumed in any part of the
country should have paid but one and the same
tax to the Government; but with this "tax on
sales" the tax on a barrel of flour will depend on
the number of transfers by purchase that may
have occurred from the sale of the wheat by the
farnter who produced it until it reaches the con-
sumer in the shape of flour.
It is said that this " tax on sales" will reach
the farmers and mechanics and all those persons
having annual incomes less than $600 or produ-
cing annually less than $1,000, who, itis said, are
now exempt from taxation. But it is not true that
such persons are not taxed now, unless it is as-
sumed that the amount of duty paid by a manu-
facturer or by an importer is a tax upon them
and not upon the consumer, if it were possible,
I would willingly exempt from taxation all who
depend for their support upon their daily labor,
and all the brave soldiers in our armies, who are
now exempted only from the inconvenience and
vexation of making returns to the assessors and
the payment of duties in small amounts which
would not be worth the cost of collection. The
proposition to impose a tax on every transfer of
property by sale has been presented and urged
before both of the committees of Congress for the
last four years as a novel, original, and ingenious
form of taxation, when in fact itis an old and ex-
ploded form which has long been condemned as
most unjust and oppressive in all European coun-
tries. As early as the fourteenth century it ex-
isted in Spain, and the experience of its effect
there, as recorded, is well worthy of consideration
by those who propose to introduce it into this
country. It was called the " alcavala," and was
an ad valorem tax on all transfers of property as
often as it changed ownership.
The alcavala'' applied to wholesale and re-
tail transactions of all kinds, and all-sales of real
estate. The provinces of Catalonia and Arra-
gon purchased about a hundred and fifty years
ago an exemption by substituting for it a special
tax on incomes and rents. After that substitu-
tion those provinces began to prosper, while the
rest of the country was languishing in feebleness
and decay. It has been said the Catholic religion
caused this decay in Spain. But France, situated
by her side, though Catholic, was flounshingand
prosperous, and is now unquestionably the first
of European Powers. Historians have generally
agreed in attributing the decline of Spanish pros-
perity and power to her laws of trade, and have
represented the " tax on sales"as one of the most
injurious of them. An intelligent writer has said
of it, " When traffic stops prosperity stops, and
we affirm without fear of contradiction that it was
the 4alcavala' which took the life-blood out of
Spanish prospeiity by checking the circulation of
property."
1 have stated the principles which have influ-
enced the committee in preparing the measures
for taxation which they have submitted in this
and in the last Congress. 1 now ask the patience
of the House for a few momenta longer, to make
some general remarks on those measures which
have been adopted and the bill now under con-
sideration. If the measures are properly admin-
istered, in the present condition of the country, the
annual revenue of the Government will be about
$400,000,000, which is more than the revenue of
the Government of GreaL Britain, if we assume Ihe
dollar to be worth a hundred cents in coin. This
amount of revenue leaves a surplus, after paying
the ordinary expenses of the Government, as they
were before the war,andthe intereston the public
debt as it will be at the close of this fiscal year, of
more than $200,000,000 to be applied to the ex-
traordinary expenses of the war. I claim thatno
country has ever done so much in the same space
of time to increase its. revenue.
The honorable gentleman from New York [Mr.
Fernando Wood] told us during the last session
of Congress what Great Britain did during the
Napoleonic wars, which spread over a period of
nearly a quarter of a century, to increase the rev-
enue of the kingdom. He stated that taxation
was increased until at last three quarters of the
annual expenditures of that Government were
raised by taxation, and only one quarter from
loans. I venture to say that we have already done
more to sustain the credit of this Government
than Great Britain did during any year of that long
war. Great Britain did not begin to raise by in-
crease of taxation the additional means to carry
on that war before it had reached its fourth year.
Until then loans were relied upon for the extraor-
dinary expenditures; and in no year of the war
was a larger amount of revenue realized than we
shall realize the coming year from the measures
of taxation which we have established and pro-
posed. No nation has ever been engaged in so
expensive a war as this has been. The power
of Great Britain has not been arrayed against us;
but all the resources of that country have been at
the command of the rebels to supply them with
everything requisite in the way of armament to
carry on this war of rebellion. British arms and
ammunition, British ships, British officers and
men. The great interest in Europe, as well as in
this country, in the contest between the Kearsarge
and the Alabama, was owing to the fact that the
Alabama wasa British vessel,armed with British
guns, and manned with British seamen and ar-
tillerists. In some of the forts recently captured,
guns are said to have been found which,by con^
tract, can be made only for the British Govern-
ment, and having upon them the broad arrow of
the British admiralty. I refer to these facts only
to show the necessity for the great outlay that has
been required to meet tlie rebels in this contest,
and to account for the vast expenditures of this
war.
I claim that thus far Congress has done all that
was requisite to provide means for the conduct of
the warand to sustain thecreditoftheGovernment*,
and that now it is only necessary that the laws-
which have been enacted and are proposed should
be faithfully and efficiently administered. The tax
laws winch have been passed have been well con-
sidered and judicious, and are cheerfully sustained
by the people. Time is required to perfect the
system and the machinery for the collection of the
taxes. Believing, as I do, that the present con-
dition of the system is hardly yet equal to the
efficient and fait hful collection of those taxes which
have been imposed, I hope we shall wait for the
further development and perfection of the system
of collection before venturing upon any more ex-
periments in taxation that aie new and untried in
this country; and that we shall leave the question
of any greater increase of taxation than the com-
mittee have recommended to the next Congress,
when there will be the additional information de-
rived from the experience of another year to guide
them.
It is sometimes profitable to look back for the
purpose of comparing the past with the present
time, that we may judge of our progress and how
far the promises made in the past have been ful-
filled. In a speech which I made in this House
three years ago I stated that the Committee of
Ways and Means were engaged in perfecting the
details of a tax bill, proposing a moderate rate of
taxation upon most of the articles of necessary
consumption, with higher rates on distilled spir-
its and other articles of luxury, and on legacies
and incomes; and that from those sources, in con-
nection with the duties on imports, the commit-
tee confidently expected theGovernment to derive
an annual revenue of at least $150,000,000; suf-
ficient to pay the ordinary expenses of the Gov-
ernment and the interest on a public debt of
