818
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
$ 1,250,000,000. I stated then that the committee
recommended loans, with taxation sufficient to
meet the ordinary expenses, the interest on the
public debt, and an excess beyond, to be applied,
after the war was over, to the extinguishment of
the public debt.
The actual results have more than realized those
expectations of the committee. It appears from
the last annual report of the Secretary of the
Treasury, that the revenue for the year ending
30th June, 1864 was $260,632,717. He also esti-
mates the revenue for the year ending 30th June,
1865, at $344,512,000, and for the year ending
30th June, 1866, including the taxes now pro-
posed, at $396,000,000; these estimates include
only $70,000,000 each year from customs, the
actual receipts of which in the last year were
$102,000,000.
The foregoing figures seem to me fully to war-
rant my previous assertion that the revenue of the
next year will be $400,000,000; and I think it is
more likely to exceed than to be below thatsum.
The result of the measures proposed for revenue
have fully realized the expectations of the com-
mittee; and 1 believe they have realized all the
reasonable expectations of the country, notwith-
standing the indignation expressed by my col-
league, who seems to be afflicted with " taxation
on the brain" since being brought to the bar of the
House to excuse himself for the neglect of his
duties on the evening when the tax bill was under
consideration.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I rise to oppose
the amendment. I do not agree with those gen-
tlemen upon this floor who express a desire for
further taxation. And I almost think that this
House has so squandered the funds and property
of the country that they have almost excluded
themselves from increasing the taxes to any great
extent. But i do recognize the fact that in some
way we must raise a sum of money sufficient to
meet the current expenses of the Government,
and the question is, where most conveniently and
with the least burden to the people can we lay
this tax ? For my own part, instead of believing,
as the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. J. C.Allen]
has declared, that this kind of tax will be a bur-
den upon the poorer classes of the community, I
think it places the heavier burden upon the large
consumers, and enables those who can limit their
consumption almost to escape from taxation.
It is not true that the tax we levy upon sales
necessarily falls upon the consumer alone, if
this is so, then when you levy a specific tax oil
manufacturers, by a combination they can in-
crease the price of the articles, and all that comes
out of the poorer classes of thecommunity. That
is an evil we could not avoid. The question is
this: where, with the least injustice, are we ena-
bled to collect this money? Take the city of New
York and compare it with almost any agricultural
district of the State of my friend from Illinois,
[Mr. J. C. Alles,] and you will find thatin pro-
portion to wealth ten times the amount will be
paid in New York that is paid in any agricultural
portion of the State of Illinois.
But I recogn ize this difficulty at this present time;
that in introducing a new principle it requires
guards, requires time and caution ill applying it
to existing taxation, i should prefer that this
proposition had had the serious'indorsement of
the Committee of Ways and Means, but as it is,
if m any tolerable shape it can be presented to the
committee 1 shall vote for it; and I believe, so far
as the West is concerned, they, as a general thing,
would be in favor of the principle.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Boutwell] by reducing the amount to one mill.
I offer the amendment in order to enable me to
make a few remarks.
Anxious as i am to increase the revenues of the
Treasury, nothing but the clearest conviction of
the impolicy of this tax at all would lead me to
vote against it. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Boutwell] has asserted that the tax
upon manufactures now levied by the present law
comes out of the consumer, Now that remark
needs a vei y laige amount of qualification. I
admit that in prosperous times, when prices are
nd vancing, it does come out of the consumer; but
whenever prices shall begin to recede, as they
have already, then the tax will come out of the
manufacturer. It is inevitable, and cannot be
avoided.
I was surprised to hear the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Mallory,] repiesenting such a
community as he does, remark that we should so
regulate our tariff as to reach manufacturers.
Why, do not gentlemen know that whenever we
do reach the manufacturers in that way we are
cut off entirely from all our resources from that
source? That is the only way the gentleman
could reach the manufacturers by his proposed
anomaly of reducing the tariff.
But, Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Boutwell] says that this tax
will be one of easy collection. I deny that. I say
that it will be necessary to have an inspector or
collector to follow and. run down every transac-
tion of the country. In order to collect it you must
multiply tax-gatherers and inspectors. There are
a great number of transactions that cannot other-
wise and will not otherwise be reached. How are
you to reach trades made by barter under this
section? If persons choose to make a barter-trade,
will they be exempt? If two men who have li-
censes are taxed when they buy horses, will they
be taxed when they swop horses ? When a man
who brings his basket of eggs or some muskrat
and coon skins to a store and sells them for to-
bacco and salt, will he be taxed?
Mr. BOUTWELL. If the gentleman from
Vermont had observed the amendment propped,
not his own amendment which he suggested to the
House a few days ago and had printed, but the
amendment which I had the honor to submitlast
night, he would have seen that the tax is levied
only upon licensed dealers, and licensed dealers
are persons, under the law, who sell §1,000 or
more.
Mr. MORRILL. I understand that, and I be-
lieve that that is an improvement. I am ready
to concede that. But, at the same time, look at
the inequality in the business of the country which
it would involve. Here is a man to-day who buys
wool or produce, who is not licensed, and not
subject to taxation. If he were licensed he would
have to pay a tax of one half of one per cent.
Now, Mr. Chairman, one gentleman herefrom
New York [Mr. Frank] suggested that the largest
income tax payer in the city of New York is in
favor of this tax. Of course. Why, he owns
a whole block, and he can sell hisgoods, importer
as he is, and manufacturer as he is, either at re-
tail, as a jobber, or as a wholesale dealer, and it
will necessarily concentrate the business in New
York more and more into the hands of such cap-
italists as he is..
Mr. BOUTWELL. I ask the gentleman, in
fairness to the committee and to the magnitude
of this question, that he keep in mind the pro-
visions of the law passed by Congress under his
lead, which setsforth very distinctly that produce
dealers are persons liable to license, and under
the amendment I propose they will be liable to
tax upon their sales.
Mr. MORltlLL. That depends entirely upon
the amount.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Over $1,000.
Mr. MORRILL. If their business does not
amount to over$l,000, then they are exempt; but
all over §1,000 will not be exempt. The effect
would be to scatter the sales of the country into
the hands of small dealers, for the very purpose
of evading this tax so far as produce is con-
cerned.
Now, Mr. Chairman, in relation to another
point, I believe that this amendment is going to
operate upon the poor of the country. The arti-
cles ofluxury consumed in this country are by no
means the major part. The vast amounts of the
sales of the country are purely and simply of the
necessaries of life; and you are therefore pro-
posing to tax the poor man wiih a large family,
who is compelled to buy the necessaries of life,
almost as much as you do the rich man. There
is no escape from that. The very men that we
have exempted from license, the very men that
we have exempted from the income tax, will not
be able to escape this tax.
Mr. ODELL. Mr. Chairman, I oppose the
motion before the committee, and do so simply to
call the attention of the members of the House to
the statement made a few days since by the Rep-
resentative from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] when
he introduced the bill now under consideration
from the Committee of Ways and Means. His
estimate was that the sales of the country would
reach only $3,000,000,000 per annum, and the tax
proposed would yield but §15,000,000. I do not
know upon what basis my friend made his esti-
mates. i confess his statement surpnsid me, and
I have no doubt the same effect was pioduced
upon the minds of other members of the House.
An investigation, partial, it is true, has led me to
a widely different conclusion. 1 am well aware,
Mr. Chairman, that the amount to be obtained
by the proposed tax is as yet a problem—one
difficult to solve while our nation is engaged in
war. The unsettled condition of our commerce
increases the difficulty- Yet we have data at our
command that justifiesa diffeient conclusion.
Prom the annual report of the Secretary of the
Treasury, just made, 1 find our imports for the fis-
cal year ending June 30,18G4, were §314,514,559.
Onr exports for the same period were §340,t>6(i,-
080. Add the duty collected upon imports, as
given in report referred to, amounting to §102,-
310,152 in gold, then add to that the premium
upon gold, estimating it at 200, and to these the
cost of freight, insurance, charges, and profits,
at say ten per cent.; these make the total of val-
ues of foreign trade alone the sum of $905,264,-
397 as the first valuation, upon which this tax of
one half per cent, ad valorem is to be assessed.
Estimating goods to change hands by sales three
times, which is the lowest calculation, you have
a total upon which the tax will be levied of §2,-
715,793,191. The proposed tax, if assessed and
collected, would yield §13,578,965. It will be
seen the amounts thus given for our foreign com-
merce alone are in close proximity to the amount
stated as the total sales of the country.
The products of our fisheries and manufac-
tures, as stated by the census returns, show a
total valuation of $1,751,650,000, not including
the valuation of the States in rebellion, and tins
total is in prices of 1860. Upon the same basis
ot' calculation,that goods change ownership by
sale at least three times, the revenue to be de-
rived from this class of sales would be §26,274,-
750. Thus it will be seen, if these estimates of
value are correct, we shall obtain a revenue of
§39,853,715 from sales growing out of our for-
eign trade and the manufactures of the country.
To these are to be added the vast agricultural
products of the country sold as merchandise,
which we think demonstrate most clearly that
the estimate of the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue that the sales of the country will aggre-
gate §11,000,000,000, and yield a revenue of $55,-
O00,000, are not over-stated; on the contrary, we
believe if this measure shall become law that the
receipts under its provisions will be much larger
uian hisestimates. During the discussion of this
measure, among the objections urged by [numbers
opposing it is that itscollcction would be attended
with great difficulty and open to extensive frauds.
Our best informed collectors and assessors do
not agree in this opinion.
Frauds have been committed in all ages and
under every system of levying taxes and imposts.
There is great security in the low rate of tax pro-
posed under this bill. It has been alleged that
this is an untried system. This statement is not
entirely correct; under existing laws a tax on
sales of merchandise by brokers of one eighth of
one per cent, is levied, and also at same rate all
sales made at auction. I referred last night to the
sales of gold, stocks, bonds, &,c., upon which an
ad valorem tax of one twentieth of one per cent,
is levied and collected. So far as I have learned
there has been no difficulty in the collection of
taxes upon this class of sales. I fully believe no
difficulty will arise if a similar tax is levied upon
the sales of produce and merchandise, bui, as in
the cases referred to, it will be prompily and
cheei fully paid. Only parties selling £1,000 and
upward per annum, are taxed upon their sales.
This system commends itself to my judgment,
and sense of justice, in the fact that it equalizes
the burden of taxation, levying upon rich and
poor in exact proportion to their consumption,
be it more or less. As stated by my colleague,
[Mr. Fra.vk] it has the approval of our leading
influential comtncrcial men, who not only see in
its provisions a means of revenue, but also what
is most desirable, it will give confidence in the
securities of the Government.
No system of taxation adopted since our ne-
