114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
is to refer the resolution to a committee. To me
it is a matter of personal indifference whether it is
referred to a committee or whether it is consid-
ered directly by the body. On the whole, I would
rather address the Senate to-morrow than to-day,
as I have been traveling fora couple of dayspast,
and have just arrived in the city.
Mr. President, when this question comes up
far bold, manly discussion before the Senate of
the United States, I hope it will be discussed in a
-spirit of charity, with no bitterness of feeling on
either side. 1 should like the advocates of this
measure to present arguments to the Senate to
convince them, if possible, that it is within their
power, as the legislators of the country, to pass
a measure of this kind. I do not wish to hear,
if I may be pardoned the remark, speeches upon
the evils of slavery, upon the wickedness of sla-
very; but I wish the question to be met m this
light: have we the power, have we the authority,
under the Constitution of the United States, to
enact a law of this kind? Has the Congress of
the United States the constitutional authority to
enter within the limits of the respective States,
and to declare that any person who is held in
slavery under the constitution and laws of that
particular State shall be free? Has the modern
doctrine of " military necessity" gone so far that
when we are in a state of war, whatever the Con-
gress of the United States shall decree, is consti-
tutionally decreed? I ask the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts, the chairman of the Military
Committee, who has introduced this bill, when
he comes to present his reasons for its passage
to the American people and to the Congress of the
United States, to point us out the authority to
pass it.
Sir, there are some questions which, in law,
are settled; there are some questions which, as
constitutional questions, have been settled, and
long settled. When this question shall legiti-
mately come before the Senate for full discussion,
I shall maintain the doctime that not only have
you not the power to decree the ficedom of the
wife and the children of negroes who volunteer
in your Army, if they are from States where
slavery is recognized, but you cannot give per-
manent freedom to the negro volunteer himself
if he be a slave. There is no principle more
clearly recognized in international law than this,
that if hi slave be captured from his lawful owner
by one belligerent, and he afterwards comes back
into the possession of the other belligerent by re-
captuie, he reverts, according to the doctrine of the
jits posiliminiiy not to the belligerent Power, but to
his original owner. So, sir, 1 say to-day that if
you go into a State of the southern confederacy
and dress up a slave in your uniform and pm him
in your Army, although you may by all the so-
lemnity of an act of Congress say that he shall
be forever free, yet if he be recaptured, when re-
captured he is no longer a free man; he does not
belong to the southern confederacy; but the south-
ern confederacy is bound to deliver lum to his
original ownei.
That, sir, is the international law. It is the
law which a great and distinguished statesman
from the honorable Senator's own State main-
tained when he was a member of the Cabinet; it
is the doctrine which he maintained when he was
minister abroad. John duincy Adams, fiom
the Senator's own State, gave to this doctrine
his sanction. When, duung our last war with
Great Britian, the Bntish torces undertook to
carry away slaves from this country, no man was
more earnest than was John Ctuincy Adams m
demanding from the BiUish Government com-
pensation for the value of those slaves. Sir, he
was strong in his language; he said it was juntas
lawful to use poisoned weapons in warfare as it
was to take slaves under the pretense that they
had the right, under the law of nations, and in
the exercise pf military authority, to do so. The
doctrine which John Gtuincy Adams then avowed,
and which through his efforts was recognized by
the English Government, has been the settled
doctrine of the American nation, not only from
that time to the present, but it was settled even
anterior to that period. When John Jay was
minister of foreign affairs of this country, he
proclaimed the same doctrine, and he made for-
eign nations recognize it; and through every
page in the diplomatic history of the country
you find the same doctrine avowed without a dis-
senting voice. And yet, sir, simply because we
are engaged in a gigantic civil war; one which
palls the imagination; one at which the thought-
ful statesman stands aghast; a war the issue of
which no man living can see; a war in which
everything that is dear to the Amerrcan heart
and to the American mind is being overthrown,
we find propositions of this nature presented to
the American Senate!
It seems to me that we have lost sight entirely
of the character of our Federal system; pardon me,
sir, of our federated system. We are consider-
ing this as a great central power; such things as
States and State rights are wholly ignored. We
seem to think that the States of the American
Union are nothing more than simply the counties
of particular States. If that doctrine is to pre-
vail; if the doctrine that we are not to have " the
Union as it was and the Constitution as it is," is
to prevail, but that we are simply to have the
Union as it shall be, and the Constitution as u
will be made, there is the death of constitutional
American liberty.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, there was a
call only a few days ago for three hundred thou-
sand more troops. The country needs them, and
it is the duty of Congress to help supply them.
To this end there must be no difficulty, impedi-
ment, or embarrassment in the way. All these
must be removed. But this is not all. There
must be encouragement of every kind; and such
is the character of the present proposition.
There can be no delay. The country cannot
wait the slow action of a constitutional amend-
ment, as lian been proposed by the Senator from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Dooi.ittle.] Congress must
act to the extent of its power, and any abdication
of its power on this question will be injurious to
the public interests.
All must confess the humanity of the proposi-
tion to enfranchise the families of colored persons
who have borne arms for their country. All must
confess the hardship of continuing them in sla-
very.
But the question is asked by many, and even
by the Senator ft om Wisconsin, what power has
Congress fo set the families free?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 did not ask that ques-
tion.
Mr. SUMNEIl. I understood 
Mr, DOOUTTLE. The Senator is entirely
mistaken. lie is putting a question himself and
then answering it. 1 have not put it at all.
Mr. SUMNER. The question has been put
again and again, and the whole purport of the
speech of the Senator from Wisconsin was in that
sense. He argued that we were about to have a
constitutional amendment which was to super-
sede everything; that therefore this proposition
was unnecessary, if not injurious. 1 so under-
stood the argument of the Senator, and that it
pointed directly to the question of the power of
Congress on this occasion, because 1 know the
patriotism of that Senator too well to suppose
that, if in his opinion the power of Congress on
this occasion was beyond question, he would hes-
itate. 1 do not therefoie do the Senator any in-
justice. I say, then, the question ks asked, what
power has Congress to set the families fiee ? This
is the single point on which I shall express an
opinion.
My answer is that Congress has precisely the
same power to enfranchise the families that 11 lias
to enfianchise the colored soldier. The two pow-
ers are coincident and from the same source.
It has been aheady assumed that Congress may
enfianchise the colored soldier. This has been
done by solemn statute, without any"reference to
the conduct of his pretended owner. If we were
asked the reason for such enfranchisement, it
must he found, fiist, in its practical necessity, that
we may secure the best services of the slaves,
and secondly, in its intrinsic justice and human-
ity. In brief, Government cannot be so improv-
ident and so foolish as to attempt to obtain the
services of the slave at the hazard of life, without
securing to him the boon of freedom. Now, if
Government were so bereft of common sense as
to forego this temptation to enlistment and effi-
cient service, could it be guilty of the unutterable
meanness of using the slave in the national de-
fense and then returning him to bondage? There-
fore the slave who fights is enfranchised.
But every argument, every consideration, which
pleads for the enfranchisement of the slave pleads
also for the enfranchisement of the family. There
is the same practical necessity for doing it, end
the same unutterable shabbiness in not doing it.
There is no principle of law better established
than the rule that any acknowledged right carries
with it all incidents essential to its exercise. I do
not employ technicallanguage; but Igivethe idea,
which is founded in reason and the nature of
things. Jt would be vain to confer a right, or a
power, if the means for its enjoyment were de-
nied . Prom this simple statement the conclusion
is irresistible.
In conferring upon Congress the power to cre-
ate an Army, the Constitution conferred there-
with all the powers essential to the exercise of
the principal power. If Congress can authorize
the enlistment of slaves, as it unquestionably can,
it may at the same time authorize their enfran-
chisement, and by the same reason it may author-
ize the enfranchisement of their families; and all
this from the necessity of the case, and to prevent
an intolerable meanness.
An English patriot, nearly two centuries ago,
exclaimed in memorable words that he would give
his life to serve his country, but he would not do
txmean thing to save it. If there be any value in
this declaration it may well be invoked when it is
deliberately argued that the national Government
can create an Army, and in this service can enfran-
chise the slave which it enlists, but that it is im-
potent to enfranchise his family. I know not how
we can use his right arm and ask him to shed his
blood in our defense and then hand over his wife
and child to bondage. The case is too clear for
argument. Thehuman heart rejects the insuffer-
able pretension.
But it is said thatthe slave has no family. Such
is the argument of slavery. For all that he has,
as well as all that he is, even wife and child, be-
, long to another. Surely this unrighteous preten-
sion will not be made the apology for a denial of
rights. If the family of the slave be not desig-
nated by law, or by the^orms of lejral marriage,
then it must be ascertained by the next best evidence
possible; that is, by cohabitation and mutual rec-
ognition as man and wife. And any uncertainty
in this evidence must be regarded as a natural in-
cident to slavery. As men cannot take advan-
tage of their own wrong, so slave masteis, on this
occasion, cannot take advantage of slavery. Any
other rule would practically unite with slavery in
denying to the slave wife and child.
There is a well-known French maxim, that "it
is only the first step which costs"—ce n'est que le
premier pas qui coute—and on this occasion, per-
mit me to say, it is only the first stt«ge of the argu-
ment which merits attention. Concede that the
soldier may be enfranchised, and it follows that by
the same constitutional power his family may be
admitted to an equal liberty. Any other conclu-
sion would be as illogical as inhuman; discredit-
able alike to the head and the heart. There is
no argument, whether of reason or of humanity,
lor the enfranchisement of the soldier which does
not plead equally for that of his family. Nay,
more; I know not how we can expect a blessing
on our arms while we fail to perform tins duty.
I cannot close what I have to say without add-
ing that, in my opinion, Congress at this mo-
ment is complete master of the whole question of
slavery everywhere in the United States, even
without any constitutional amendment. It can
sweep it all out of existence, precisely as it can
remove any other obstruction to the national de-
fense, and all this by virtue of a power as indis-
putable as the power to raise armies or to suspend
the habeas corpus. Future generations will read
with amazement that a great people, when na-
tional life was assailed, hesitated to exercise a
power so simple and beneficent; and this amaze-
mentwill know no bounds as they learn thatCon-
gress higgled for months on the question whether
the wife and children of the colored soldier should
be admitted to freedom.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I move that the further
consideration of this resolution be postponed un-
til to-morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. WILSON. I understand the Senator from
Delaware desires to address the Senate to-morrow"
on this subject, and I am willing that it should go
over for that purpose; but I should like to take
the vote now on the question of reference.
The VICE PRESIDENT, The question is on
