882
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
proposed by the gentleman from Illinois, I fear
that, with so large an enhancement of the price
of the crude article, you may be disappointed in
respect to the consumption of the article abroad.
I trust, therefore, that the House will see fit to
adopt the system reported by the committee after
the most careful consideration,consulting theoil-
producing interest as thoroughly as any other in-
terest has been consulted. I trust that we shall
neither go too far in the enhancement of the tax
on the one sideHiior reduce it too low on the
other, thus depriving the Treasury of the fair pro-
portion of revenue that ought to be derived from
an article holding such an exceptional relation
to the business of the country and of foreign coun-
tries as this article does.
Having explained thus the controlling motives
of the committee, I move, at the request of my
colleague, [Mr. Morrill,] that the committee
rise for the purpose of closing debate.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Pomeroy reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, having had under consideration as a spe-
cial order the tax bill, had come to no resolution
thereon.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that when the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union re-
sumes the consideration of the tax bill, all debate
upon the subject of coal-oil be terminated in live
minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House again resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union to resume the consideration of the tax
bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Pomeroy in the chair,) and resumed the consider-
ation of the special order, being the bill (if. R.
No. 744) to amend an actentitled "An act to pro-
vide internal revenue to supportthe Government,
to pay interest on the public debt, and for other
purposes," approved June 30, 18G4.
Mr. A. MYERS. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting "two and a half."
Sir, 1 warn the committee that if this section
shall pass as the Committee of Ways and Means
have reported it (because 1 suppose no one seri-
ously thinks of a duty of twelve cents) no crude
oil can go abroad, and the domestic sale will be
greatly diminished. By the imposition of this
tax you will get less revenue than you now get
from the tax of twenty cents per gallon on the
refined oil, because you will diminish the sale at
home and entirely stop the exportation.
Mr. A. MYERS. Mr. Chairman, the Com-
missionerof Internal Revenue recommended a tax
of three cents only on crude oil. Why the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means has not pursued the
usual course and accepted the opinion of the head
of the department I cannot say. I hope that the
House will take, on this subject, the judgment of
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, who ex-
amined this subject very carefully, having before
him numerous letters from collectors and other
persons conversant with the actual business of
collecting this revenue.
I think, Mr. Chairman, that if there is to he a
change in the law on this subject, the proper
method of regulating the matter is to impose an
ail valorem tax. I beUevo that the mieicst can
better stand an ad valorem tax of fifty per cent,
than this taxof six cents a gallon. Withoutpre-
suming to possess any great knowledge of this
subject, I do undertake to say that many gentle-
men here do not understand the facts with regard
to the situation of these oil wells. At a well on
the Allegheny river, within one mile of the rail-
road depot, crude oil brings on an average eleven
dollais per barrel; while at a well on one of the
small tributaries of Oil creek, six or seven miles
from navigation or railroad, this oil brings but
eight dollars per barrel. I ask this committee
whether it is just that a man should pay six
cenls per gallon, or §2 40 a barrel, (a barrel hold-
ing forty gallons,) for which he gets eight dollars;
while a man upon the Allegheny river only pays
the same amount on a barrel for which he gets
eleven dollars. I would make this tax, instead
of so much per gallon, a percentage ad valorem.
Although I am opposed to ad valorem being the
established principle in a tariff, yet it operates :
very well in the internal revenue. I am com-
pelled to refer to these things now,as debate has
been cut off on all the succeeding paragraphs.
Sir, the true, just, and equitable way of impos-
ing this tax is upon the ad valorem principle; and
if I get the opportunity I will move that amend-
ment to this bill.
This coal-oil interest is the interest which we are
told is going to bear millions and millions of. taxa-
tion. So it will ifit is properly taken care of. Gen-
tlemen suppose that every hole that is bored is a
flowing well, whereas nine out of ten foil to pro-
duce oil in paying quantities. Let this new and
young child of Ainei ican wealth have a chance to
grow, let its limbs and muscles become strong and
powerful by use, and then it will bear ail the rea-
sonable taxes that you may impose on it. Sir, I
regret that the haste of the committee has so ab-
ruptly cut off amendment and debate.
Mr. Scofield's amendment was disagreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Ingersoll's
amendment, and it was disagreed to.
Mr. SCOPIELD. I move to amend by strik-
ing out " six" and inserting "three," so that it
will read:
Sec. 5. Jlnibe it further enacted, That there shall be
levied, collectcd, and paid on all crude petroleum or rock-
oil that may be produced and sold, or removed for' con-
sumption or sale, a duty of three cents on each and every
gallon.
A Member. Say five.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I will say " five" instead of
" three," at the suggestion of some of my friends.
The amendment was disagreed to. ,
Mr. A. MYERS moved to strike out "six"
and insert " thi ee."
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. A. MYERS moved to add the following
proviso:
Provided, however, That the duty on crude oil that may
be produced l'or sale or consumption &liaii he ten per cent.
at!, valorem.
Mr. MORRILL. I raise the question of order
that the amendment is not in order, not being
germane to the pending section.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to strike out the fol-
lowing:
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That there shall be
levied, collected, and paid on all crude petroleum or rock-
oil that maybe produced and sold, or removed lor con-
sumption or talc, a duty of six cents on each and every
gallon ; and ail petioleum or roek-oii that may be m pos-
session of the producers at the place of production, as%
aforesaid, shall bo held and treated as if produced on that'
day; and the said duty shall be paid by the <^wner, agent,
or superintendent of the well from which the petioleum or
rock-oil has been produced within five days alter the time
of rendering the account required to be tendered bylaw
of petroleum 01 rock-oil so chargeable with duty; and the
said duty shall bp. a lien upon the same and on the well
producing the same, with the buildings, fixtures, vessels,
machinery,and tools.and on the lot or tractot land where
the same may be, until the said duty shall be p.nd; and
the person paying Mich duty, if other than the actual owger
of said petroleum, fhall have a lien on such petroleum for
the repayment of tue duties so advanced by him: Pro-
vided, That any petson who khall produce petroleum or
rock-oil, and u-e, or refine the same without having paid the
duty as aforesaid, shall, in addition to ail other penalties
and forfeitures-, be liable to pay double the amouut of du-
ties as aforesaid thereon
Sect. 6. Jlnd.be it further enacted, That every person who
shallbe theowner ot any well producing petioleuiu or rock-
oii, or who shall have such well under lu  superintendence,
either as agent loi the owner or on his own accounr, and
every person who shall use any well as atoresaid, either as
oivii't',, i:;.r it,o: otherwise, shall, from day to day, matfe
true and exact entry, or cause to be entered in a book to
be kept for that purpose, the number of gailonsof crude pe-
troleum or rock-oil produced, and also the number of gal-
lons removed lor stoiage, or for sale, or for consumption,
which hook shall be open at all times when required for
the inspection of the assessor, assistant assessor, collector,
deputy collector, or inspector, who may take any memo-
lAudums 01 uanscript thereof; and on the 1st, 11th, and 21st
dajs ot each and every month, 'or within five days there-
after,the owner, agent,or superintendent, shall render to the
assessor of the district an account m duplicate of the num-
ber of gallons of petroleum or rock-oil produced, and also
of the number of gallons sold, and of the number of gal-
ions removed for consumption or sale or storage, not before
accounted for,
| Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted. That all petroleum or
rock-oil, before tlie same is used or lemoved for any pur-
pose, shall be inspected an4 gauged by home inspector ap-
pointed for the performance ot such duties, who snail mark
upon the cask, tank, or other vessel, containing such pe-
troleum or rock-oil, in a manner'to be prescribed by the
Commissioner of Internal iievenue, the quantity of the cou-
tents of such cask,tank, or ve^el, with the date ofinspes-
tlou and the name of the inspector, and shall make a return
of all petioleum or rock-oil >o inspected, with the name of
the producer, to the collector, and a duplicate thereot to the
assessor of the distrief. And any person who *h;ill attempt
fraudulently to evade the payment of thed'it> upon any pe-
troleum or rock-oil by changing in any maimer the nmik
upon any siich«ca&k, tank, or vessel, shall fori< it the cum
of §100 tor each ca^k, tank, or vessel so altered or changed,
to be recoveied in the manner provided for the recovery of
penalties imposed by the act to which this act is an amend-
ment ; and any inspector or other person who shall know-
ingly put upon anv such cask, tank, or vessel, any false or
fraudulent mail? shall be liable to the same penally herein-
before provided for each cask, tank, or vessel so fraudulently
marked; and any peison who shall purchase or sell any-
empty ca*k, tank, or vessel with the inspection mark*
thereon, or who shall use the same without removing Hie
inspection marks therefrom, for the purpose of selling any
othet petroleum or lock-oil than that so inspected, shall be
subject to' a like penalty for each cask, tank, or vessel &o
purchased,sold, or used.
.Mr. MORRILL. I make the point of order
that these sections have been passed upon and
cannot be stricken out.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. KASSON. In conformity to the direction
of the Committee of Ways and Means I offer the
following:
Jind be it further enacted, That wherever, under the
proviso to section one hundred and three, the addition to
any fare shall amount to a sum involving the fraction of
one cent, any person or company liable to aduty of two and
a hall per cent., as said section provides, shall be author-
ized io add to each fare one cent in lieu of said fraction.
This matter has made some local trouble and
litigation, and tiie committee have deemed it right
to perfect the section in that way.
Mr. THAYER. I move the following substi-
tute:
jSnd be it further enacted, That section one hundred and
three be amended so as to read as follows: That every
person, firm, company, or corporation owning or possess-
ing or having the care or management of any railroad or
steamboat engaged or employed in the business of trans-
porting passengers or property for "hire, or in trans-porting
the mails of the United States, shall be subject to and pay
a duty of two and a half per cent, on the gro&s receipts of
such railroad or steamboat: Provided, That the duty here-
by iniposedshall not* be charged upon receipts for the trans-
portation of persons or property or mails between the Uni-
ted States and any foreign port; and any person or persons,
firms, companies, or corpuiations, owning, possessing, or
having the care of any toll-road, ferry, or bridge, author-
ized by Jaw to receive toll for the transit of passengers,
beast*, carriages, teams, and freight ot any description over
such toll-road, ferry, or bridge, shah be subject to and pay
a duty of three per cent, on the gross amount of all their
receipts of every description. But when the gross-receipts
of any such bridge or toll-road shall not exceed the amount
necessdrily expended to keep &uch bridge or road m repair,
no tax shall be imposed on such receipts: Provided, That
all such persons, companies, and coiporations shall have
the right to add the duty or tax imposed hereby to their rates
of fare or freight whenevei their liability thereto may com-
mence, any limitations which may exist bylaw, or by agree-
ment with any per?-on or company Vhich may have paid
or be liable to "pay such fare, to the" contrary notwithstand-
ing.
Mr. KASSON. I rise to a question of ordei\
This is a substitute for the whole original text,
imposing a tax, and is not germane to my propo-
sition.
Mr. THAYER. I will offer it as a new sec-
tion.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The amendment of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means is to section one hundred
and three, which is the same subject-matter cov-
ered by the amendment of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. Chairman, this House,
by a respectable majority, when this subject was
under consideration in another place, adopted the
amendment proposed by my colleague on the other
side, [Mr. Strotjse,] and that amendment was
subsequently overridden by an amendment pro-
posed by the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Brown,] which last amendment proposed to re-
duce the tax imposed by section one hundred and
three on common carriers to two and a half per
cent, on the net receipts. The amendment of the
gentleman from Wisconsin, which being; offered
as a substitute superseded that of my colleague,
includes within its operation those methods and
means of transportation such as ships, canal-
barges, and boats.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I wish simply
to state to tiie gentleman from Pennsylvania that
while I am perfectly willing:, ^0 far as I am con-
cerned, to accept his amendment as a substitute
for the one I offered the other day, yet there are
many members on this side of the House who
desire to strike out the word "steamboats'Mrom
