116
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
CLERICAL APPOINTMENTS.
Mr. A. W. CLARK, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution relative to appoint-
ments in the various Departments; which was
read a first and second time.
The joint resolution provides that all vacancies
which may hereafter occur in the clerical force in
the War, Navy, Treasury, Interior, and Post
Office Departments, shall be filled proportionately
by soldiers and sailors disabled by wounds re-
ceived in battle, who are competent to perform
the duties, or who may quickly be instructed
therein; and also that the places of the present
incumbents shall be filled by similar appointments
as rapidly as changes can be made without detri-
ment to tho public service.
Mr. A. W. CLARK demanded the previous
question.
Mr. STEVENS. Would the gentleman from
New York [Mr.-A. W. Clark] have any objec-
tion to refer this joint resolution to a committee?
It is taking upon ourselves gieat power.
Mr. A. W. CLARK. L think the House is
prepared to act upon it now.
Mr. STEVENS. Ihope the previous question
will not be sustained. This is a very good clap-
trap tiling, 1 know; but it is a great stretch of
power.
Mr. COX. I wish to ask the gentleman from
New Yoik [Mr. A. W.Clark] one question in
reference to one phrase in this resolution. To
whut duos the woid 44 proportionately" refer—to
the Army or the civil service?
Mr. A. W. CLARK. Proportionate to the
number nf applicants presenting themselves.
Mr. GANSON. I would inquire if it is in-
tended to throw out all the females now employed
in the Departments.
Mr. COX. i hop.  the gentleman from New
Yoik [Mr. A. W. Clark] will strike out the
word " proportionately;'* otherwise 1 must move
to refer this joint resolution to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
The SPEAKER. That cannot be done now
except by unanimous consent.
The question w.ts then taken upon seconding
the demand for the previous question, and u was
not agreed to.
Mt. STEVENS. I move to refer the joint res-
olution to the Judiciary Committee.
The question was taken, and the motion to
refer was agi eed to.
TERRITORY OF WYOMING.
Mr. ASTILEY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to provide a tempotary government
for the Tmrifory of Wyoming; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Ten ttories.
NATIONAL MISSISSIPPI BRIDGE COMPANY.
Mi. KNOX, by unanimous consent, introduced
n hill to ineoipoifUe lho National Aiissrssippi
Bridge Company; which was read a fir&t and
Becond tune, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
INCREASE OF PAY TO OFFICIOS, ETC.
Mr, ROSS, by unanimous consent, m'roduced
a bill to increase the pay of officers and soldiers
in the United States Army, twenty-live per cent,
from and alter the lsf day ot January, 18h5; which
was read a first and second turn*, and leierred to
the Committee on Military Allans.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Poenry, Us Secretary, informing the Hou*e
that the Senate had passed an act (S. No. 7*2) sup-
plementary to an act to prescribe an oath of offce,
and for other purposes, approved July 2, 3b62, in
which they asked the concurrence of the House.
NATIONAL TELEGRAPH UNION.
Mr. MORRIS, ofOliio, by unanimous consent,
offered the following lesolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia be in^fi acted to inquire into (he expediency <>t import-
ing u biii to nn-oipoiate tin; X.muuul Telegiaph Union,
KKFUGEES FilOM KEBELLIOL'S STATES.
Mr. LAW, by unanimous consent, offered the
following resolution; winch was read, considered,
and agreed to:
HeiOived, That the Committee on Military Affairs be,
and they are heieby, in«sti uct«n1 to inquire whether any, and
it so, what, legislative action is necessary on the pa it of
Congress to nlxotU lelief to the distressed and destitute
women and chihhen, refugees from the icbel States, who
have located within the Union States; wnh leave to report
by bill or otherwise.
NATAL HECKUIT3.
Mr. PIKE, by unanimous consent, offered the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to re-
poit to tlie House the iuIc adopted by hnn, if any, in ap-
portioning naval lecruits among: the different emoihnent
districts tinder section eight of an act further to lemulate
and provide for the enrolling and calling out ot the national
toiees, and foi other purposes,approved July 4, Jc'64, and
to state finrher the proof ot lesidencc lequued by him m
making assignments of naval recruits under that section.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend the reso-
lution by adding the words "and by what pro-
vision of law in appoitioning in the Army a man
enlisted for three years is counted as three men."
Mr. PIKE. I accept that amendment.
The resolution, as amended, was then adopted.
BOUNTIES TO SOLDIERS.
Mr. LAW, by unanimous consent, offered the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be,
and they aie heieby, ins-tiutted to inqune, when a f>oldiei
is di-ehat<,'ed on account of wotmd-j received in battle,
and dying befoie receiving the bounty provided by the act
ofiMarch 3,18:33, entitled "An aet to authorize the employ-
ment of volunteers," whethci the bounty due to hnn should
not descend to his heir* in the ^amc mannei and succession
as if the soldier had died in service,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I move to
amend the resolution so that the Committee on
Military Affairs be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of reporting a bill for the purpose in-
dicated m the resolution.
Mr. LAW. I accept the amendment.
The lesolution, as amended, was then adopted.
RECRUITING BROKERS.
Mr. MORRIS, of Now York, by unanimous
consent, offered the following resolution; which
was icad, considered, and agieed to:
HcwJerd% 'That the Committee on Military Affair be in-
Mi ueffd to tnijune into tin - e\ pi-die uey ol piov id in? by law
foi di peii'-itiS! with the rviee«< of iceiuuiuy hmUei and
prohibiting then payor jevvatd foi any siieh seivices or
pietended services.
WASHINGTON 0 \S-LI(!IIT COMPANY.
Mr. DAVIS, of Now York, I move that, by
unanimous consent, Senate bill No. 3G3, an act to
amend the charter of the Washington Gas-Light
Company, he taken from the Speaker's table and
put upon ns passage.
Mr. COM3. I object.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I move to sus-
pend the rule^ m order to take up the bill.
| The SPEAKER. That motion cannot be made
on Thursday.
OVERLAND CALIFORNIA MAIL.
Mr. DAILY, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution; winch was read, con-
sidered, and agieed to:
Rewired, That the Postmaster General he iequc=ted to
lutni-h to this flou^e copies of ail advet iwemenK lot the
l.it'- letting of the cont iact for can wii<r the ovei land Cali-
louiia mad, with all the huK thb ii.imc- of bidden, and nil
coiie-poudenee  oJatmif to the same (with any offers to
eonnaet) !>v the Depaitrnent, and the name ot'the party,
;uui the amount at which the eontiact vva^ finally let,
RAILROAD PARE IN NEW YOIUv CITY.
j Mr. HEURICIv, by unanimous consent, of-
, fered the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Whereas the city lailroad companies in the city of New
| Yoik, \\ ho>e i.ite- ol i.ue aie pie-cubed by the law.- of the
! Slate and the oidmaiices ot the city, h;i\ e increased such
; lates twent) pet cent., by authoi ity ol the last proviso of
.section one bundled and three of the act of Conaiess en-
titled '4 An act to piovidc mt< in.il n-vmue to siippoir the
, Government, to pav inteje^t on the public debt, and for
other pmpose-J'" appiov ed June Ir^GJ, upon the picfn^e
that th y tan in no other way collect tiorn their passengers
the internal revenue tax ol two iiikIr half per ct nt. impo-ed
upon the gtosv receipts of said laiiroad companies, as au-
thored by said aet: Therefore,
Jicsolvcil, That the Committee of Wajs and Means be
iiisiuieted to impute into tlie expediency of iope;thng po
much of the act to ptowde internal levenue, to pav m-
teie-ton the public debt,. and lor other put poses, appioved
June 30, JcG4, as enipow< i?5 raihoadcompames to inciease
then rates ot pnssenger taie beiond the iate< e^tahle-hed
by local laws, oi of so amending the la&t piovwo ol theone
bundled and third section of sueh act that it will not he
capable of being con«tiued into a permission for the New
York city raihoad companies to collect fiom pas engeis a
hiffher rate of fare than is prescribed for them by the laws
of the ritate of New Yoik and the ordinances of tlie city of
New York.
TIIANKS TO GENERAL SHERMAN.
Mr. COLE, of California. I ask unanimous
consent to introduce the following joint resolu-
tion, and ask that it be put upon its passage:
Resolved lythe Senate and House, of Representatives, fyc.,
That the thanks of the people and of the Congress of the
United States are due and are hereby tendered to Major
General William T. Shennan, and through him to the offi-
cers and men tinder his command, foi their gallantly and
{rood conduct m their late brilliant expedition through
Geoigia ; and that the Piesident cause a copy of this joint
i ievolution to be engiossed and forvvaided to Major General
ij Sherman,
! There being no objection, the joint resolution
j was read a first and second time.
I Mr. GARFIELD. I move that this joint reso-
| lution be referred to the Committee on Military
j Affairs.
j Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope that it will be
. passed without a reference.
! Mr. GARFIELD, I make this motion only
| because I object to any resolution of this nature
going through without being properly leferred,
not because I am not in favor of this resolution.
1 am in favor of it. But I desire that, as a rule,
all resolutions of this character shall be referred.
The motion of Mr. Garfield was agreed to;
and the joint resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
CREDITS FOIt RECRUITS AND CONSCRIPTS.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts, by unan-
imous consent, offered the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to;
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs lie
directed to consider the expediency of providing by an act
of Congress that cannot be misinterpreted or evaded, that
all men enlisted or dratted into the mihtaiy scivice «liaU
be ciedited to the city, waid, town, or district to which
they belong by ievidence, provided they have a legal resi-
dence in any duly organized eniollment district.
WAGON ROAD IN MONTANA.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill to provide for the construc-
tion of a wagon road from the Missouri river to
Virginia City, in Montana; which was read a first
and second time, and leferred to the Committee
on Roads and Canals.
COMPENSATION OP POSTMASTERS.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa, by unanimous con-
sent, also offered the foliowingresolution; which
*was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Po-,t Roads he instiueted to inqune into the expediency of
<-o amending the act ol July 1, 1^64, tclatuni to the com-
peiwition ot pOi tma«teis, as to allow po-stma^teis ot the
thud ela'-s a icrwniablo &um toi the neces^ai) eobt of lent,
iuel, lights, andcleiks,
STENOGRAPHER FOR COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON". I ask unanimous consent of
the House to submit the following resolution:
Recalled, That the Speaker appoint a competent 5-ten-
o'iiaplnc icpoitrr, to continue in othce until otherwise
ouleied by the House, \vho>e dntv it shall bctotepoif in
fhoitliatul on the oidei or any of the standing ot special
committees of the Hou-e such proceedings as the} may
deem necessary, and when oideied to be punted, piopeily
index and supervise the publication of the same, and who
shall receive therefor an annual compensation at the rate
now allowed by regulation iot repoiung couit-maiual pio-
ceediiigs.
There was noobjection, and the resolution was
received,
Mr. WILSON demanded the previous question
on its adoption.
The previous question was seconded and the
| main question oulered, and under the operation
thereof the resolution was adopted.
i Mr, WILSON moved to reconsider the vote by
I which the resolution was ed opted; and also moved
! that the motion to leconsider be laid on the table.
I The latter motion was agreed to.
| EXCUSED F110M COMMITTEE SERVICE.
j Mr. MORRILL. I ask unanimous consent of
i the House to be excused from further service on
1 the special committee in reference to the ventila-
; tion of the two Halls of Congress, I find that I
i shall be unable to attend to my duties on other
: standing committees if I remain on that commit-
| tee; and I hope that the House will excuse me.
i There was no objection; and it was ordeied ac-
! cordingly.
