884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February IT,
and pay a penalty of $1,000, to be assessed by the assessor
of the proper district luid collected as assessed taxes are
collected.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 offer the following as an
additional section, immediately to follow section
ten:
Sec.—. Jlndbeit further enacted, That the capita! of
any State bank or banking association which has ceased
or shall cease to exist, or which has been or shall be con-
verted into a national bank, was intended to he and shall
be assumed to be, for all the purposes of the act to which
this is an amendment, the capital as it existed immediately
before such bank ceased to exist or was converted as afore-
said.
It is perhaps not known that there is some dif-
ficulty about construing what the capital of a bank
shall be considered to be for the purpose of taxa-
tion. The Commissioner of Internal Revenue
holds that where a bank has been converted, in-
asmuch as it becomes a national instead of a State
bank, it has no capital to be taxed; that its capi-
tal has ceased to exist; and therefore the notes
which may be out are construed to be beyond the
effect of the tax.
The amendment of Mr. Stevens was adopted.
Mr. KASSON. I move, with the^, approval of
my colleagues on the Committee of Ways and
Means, to strike out section eleven. It is be-
lieved thatit will probably resultadversely to the
public interest, rather than as a benefit.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I object.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion is not in or-
der, that section having been passed.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I want to move an addi-
tional section, that the provisions of section nine
shall apply to manufacturers of domestic liquors.
The CHAIRMAN. That is not in' order.
Mr. KASSON. The part in relation to pho-
tographs was passed over by consent of the com-
mittee. I move to strike out on page 19 the
words, " by striking from the paragraph relating
to photographs the words 'being copies of en-
gravings or works of art, or;' " and inserting in
lieu thereof the following:
By inserting in the paragraph relating to photographs,
after the words u being copies of engraving or works of
art," the words " when the same are sold by the producer
at wholesale at a price not exceeding ten cents, or are."
The amendment of Mr. Kasson was adopted.
Mr. ROSS. I would ask the attention of the
committee to the paragraph on 'page 27, relating
to section one hundred and seventeen. I think
the word "county" should be inserted after the
word State," and before the words "and mu-
nicipal taxes."
Mr. MORRILL. That is right.
Mr. ROSS. Then I make that motion.
The amendment of Mr. Ross was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. There is one amendment I
desire to offer; it was passed over by accident.
I move the following amendment, to come in on
page 34,at the end of line eighty-two:
By inserting before the word "injury" the word " acci-
dental;" and by striking out the words, "while travel-
ing;" also, strike out the word " by."
The amendment of Mr. Morrill was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend by insert-
ing after section twelve, the following:
Sec. —. Jlnd beit further enacted, That whoever buys or
selis gold bullion or com for a price above the Mint value,
whether to be paid for in legal-tendei notes or in the notes
of any bank, or individual, or in any other commodity, shall
be deemed a bullion broker: Provide/}, That this section
shall not apply to miners of the precious metals nor to per-
sons purchasing gold or com solely for the purpose of pay-,
ing duties on imports, or for exportation, and who shall
actually apply tiie same to one of those purposes without
a resale.
Sec.—. Jind be it further enacted, That every bullion
broker shall take out a license and pay §1,000 therefor,
whether he operates at the brokers' board or elsewhere.
Whoever deals in gold or com, as above stated, without
first having obtained such license, shall be deemed guilty
of a misdemeanor; and shall, besides, forfeit and pay the
sum of $2,000, to be recovered in a qui taw, action, the one
half to go to the prosecutor and the other half to the United
States. Whoever shall buy or sell gold or coin,or bajgain
to buy or sell the same at or for any price above the Mint
value, whether such purchase orbargainbeexecutedornot,
each of the said parties shall pay a dirty or tax of ten per
cent, on the full amount or value of said purchase, sale, or
bargain; and ifthesaid bargain, purchase, or sale should be
sold, assigned, or transferred to others, such assignor and
n*:>ignee& shall pay ten percent, on the full amount of said
transaction.
Sec . —. Jind be it further enacted, That every such sale
or bargain to sell shall be deemed to be above the Mint
value if moi e than one dollar in legal-tender notes or in the
notes of any bank, company, or individual, shall be ex- 1
acted, taken, paid, or leceived at less than one dollar in I
gold or com. j
fc>sc.—. And be it further enacted, That every bullion I
broker shall make out and return to*the assessor of his
distuct a full nnd'truo ?tatcmcut of all his transactions in
gold or coin within twenty-lour hours alter such transac-
tions shall have taken place ; in default whereof he shall
be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and .shall foifeit and
pay the sum of $500 for each offence, to be recovered as
provided lor in the second section of this act, unless he
shall have been unavoidably prevented from making such
return.
Mr. Chairman, I think that this is a practical
measure if it meets the approbation of this com-
mittee. It is simply a question of taxation upon
transactions in a particular commodity, that is,
gold. It proposes a tax upon all sales of gold
where made for any purpose except exportation,
or for the purpose of paying duties, or paying the
interest on the public debt, where it is used by
the party. It proposes to impose a tax of ten
per cent, upon each purchase and sale. Now, it
is well known that there are boards organized ex-
clusively for operations in gold, where full records
are kept. There is therefore no difficulty in get-
ting this tax except the difficulty presented by
dishonesty. The question is whether it is worth
while to do it.
The other day, when I introduced the proposi-
tion, it was most keenly satirized by gentlemen of
most excellent taste and Unquestioned judgment
in many matters.
1 have received this morning, in answer to an
inquiry, a letter from a gentleman who was for-
merly one of the Representatives of the State of
New York in this House, a gentleman of great
intelligence, who has taken great pains to inves-
tigate the subject, and he says that these transac-
tions, which I propose to tax by this amendment,
amount, including both parties, to §30,000,000 a
day. A tax of ten per cent, on this amount would
yield a revenue of $3,000,000daily. These trans-
actions are a feir subject of taxation. There re-
main, then, in my view, only two questions for
the consideration of the House: first, whether
the tax proposed is so heavy that it is likely to
discourage this trade; and next, whether, if we
do discourage the trade, we inflict any injury on
the country.
My notion§ on this subject are well understood,
and are deemed extreme by many gentlemen in
this House, as well as by the gold operators. I
have no doubt that, by concert among the gold
gamblers, gold will to-morrow be run up ten or
fifteen per cent., and then we shall be told to look
at the alarming consequences of attempting to
meddle with these transactions. But, as 1 believe,
this trade in bullion constitutes a proper subject
of taxation, and it is practicable to raise from it
a very large revenue. It is for the House to say
whether this tax shall be imposed.
Mr. MORRILL. For the purpose of-termi-
nating debate, I move that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Pomeroy reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had under consideration, as a special
order, the tax bill, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
AMENDMENTS TO ENROLLMENT ACT.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to report from the
Committee on Military Affairs a number of
amendments to the enrollment act. I move that
these amendments, together with the bill, be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. ASHLEY. I ask unanimous consent to
report from the select committee on the rebel-
lious States a substitute for the bill (H. R. No.
602) known as the reconstruction bill.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I object.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. FRANK. I ask leave of absence for my-
selfuutil Wednesday of next week.
Leave was granted.
EXTENSION OF DAY?S SESSION.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask unanimous consent
that the rule terminating the daily sessions at half
past five o'clock be rescinded for this day in or-
der that we may get the tax bill through the Com-
mittee of the Whole to-night.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, it
wili be «o ordered.
There was no objection.
t
TAX BILL—AGAIN.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that when the House
shall again reSolve itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union on the tax
bill all debate on the concluding section of the
amendments thereto be terminated m one minute.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itselfinto the
Committeeof the Wholeon the state of the Unior*
upon the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair,) and resumed the consideration
of the special order, being bill of the House No.
744, to amend an act entitled "An act to provide
internal revenue to support the Government, to
pay interest on the public debt, and for other
purposes," approved June 30, 1864.
The question being on the amendment of Mr.
Stevens, there were, on a division—ayes 40, noes
39; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Messrs. Stevens and Pekdleton.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 51, noes 43.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. A. MYERS. I move to amend by adding
the following as a new section:
Jind be it further enacted, That there shall be levied,, col-
lected, and paid on all crude petroleum orrock-oil tharmay
be produced and sold, or removed for consumption ordain,
a duty oftwenty per cent, ad valorem; and all petroleum
or rock-oil that may be in possession of the producer* at
the place of production, as aforesaid, shall be held and
treated as if produced on that day; and the said duty shall
be paid by the owner, agent, or superintendent of the well
from which the petroleum or rock-oil lias been produced
within ten days after the ume of rendering the account re-
quired to be rendered by law ot petroleum or rock oil so
chargeable with duty ; and the said duty arising irom the
royalty or land intere^-tto be a lien on such interest and its
share of oil, and the duty arising from the wot king interest
to be a hen on such interest and its share of oil, and on
the well producing the same, with the buildings, fixtures,
vessels, machinery, and tools, and on the lot or tract of
land where the same may be, until the said duty shall be
paid; and the person paying such duty, if other than the
actual owner ot &aid petroleum, shall have a lien on such
petroleum for the repayment of the duties so advanced b£
him : Provided, That any person who shall produce petro-
leum or rock-oil, and use or refine the s^ine without having
paid the duty as aforesaid, shall, in addition to all other
penalties and forfeitures, be liable to pay double the amount
of duties as aforesaid thereon; and anything in this or any
other act imposing a duty on crude petroleum or rock-oil,
be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Mr. MORRILL, I make the point of order,
that having passed that part of the bill the amend-
ment is not in order.
The CHAIRM AN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to add the follow-
ing:
That hereafter, unless by special contract to the contrarv,
the instruments used by all inspectors and gaugers lor the
inspection and gauging of all high wines aud domestic
liquors throughout the United States shah be m all respects
such as are or may be prescribed by the Secretary ot' the
Treasury for the inspection and gauging of spirits subject
to duties throughout the United States ; and a gallon shall
be taken in all cases to be a gallon of first-proof, accord-
ing to the standard set forth and declared lor me inspection
and gauging of spirits throughout the United States.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr, PENDLETON. I move to add the follow-
ing as an additional section:
That the privilege of purchasing supplies of good" im-
ported from foreign countries for the use of the United
States, duty free, which now does or hereafter shall exist
by provision ofiaw, &hall be extended under such regula-
tion as the Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe toull
articles of domestic production which are subject to tax
by the provisions of this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KALEFLE1SCH. I move to amend the
proviso which* reads " That coal tar and ammo-
niacal liquor produced in the manufacture of illu-
minating gas, and the products of the redistilla-
tion of coal tar thus produced shall be exempt
from duty;" so that it will read as follows:
Provided, That coal tar and aimnonlacai liquor prod teed
in the manufacture of illuminating gas> aud tb«  products
of the redistillation of coal tar, and the product* of tlws
manufacture of ammoniacal liquor thus produced shall be
exempt ftom duty.
The amendment was agreed to".
