1805.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
119
we have done, part payable in gold, and the rest
in paper, and that in consequence her paper money
stood, in 1828, just as ours does to-day, as 550 to
100. That I know, for I have examined into the
subject.
As I have said before, I do not rise up for any
other purpose than to put my views on record, as
I have done.
Mr. BROOKS rose.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania withdraw his resolution?
Mr, STEVENS. I have not heard what the
gentleman fn m New York desires.
Mr. BROOKS. I want to speak five or six
minutes.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I will allow it to re-
main before the House.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, the position of
the gentleman fiomPennsylvania,[Mi. Ste"\ ens,]
not only before this House but before the coun-
try, gives the highest importance to everything
he does in reference to financial questions, more
especially to the delicate relation of gold to paper
money; and hence as the agitation he has created
this morning is calculated to have effect upon an
over-sensitive money market, he makes it neces-
sary for us to correct any errors into which he
may have fallen.
Mr. STEVENS. I have stated distinctly al-
icady,ut the beginning and close of my remarks,
that I designed to have no action on the subject.
Mr. BROOKS. I am glad of that. It affords
some source of satisfaction.
But, permit me to say, while I am up, that when
the gentleman alludes to the history of England
as an example of financial action for us, he must
take into consideration the difference which exists
between our currency and our continental position
and that of England, or else he will be led astray.
In the history of Utiti&h legislation on the subject
of gold and paper he certainly finds precedents for
the bad bill he here introduced, while he will find
in France, throughout her revolutionary history,
precedents which if followed here would be utteily
destructive of currency, property, labor, arid cap-
ital. The worst kind of anti-gold or paper laws
are on the records of France, and the woist sort
of laws as to legal tender, which 1 am sure the
gentleman from Pennsylvania would never ask
this House to adopt. Neither Bi itish noi Fiench
financial precedents can be useful to us, save to
warn us from the rocks on which they were often
wrecked.
And now, as to this history of England, there
aie three differences between us, which suggest
themselves to me at the moment, and to which
I ask the attention of the gentleman and of the
House. The first is, that the notes of the Bank
of England were accepted at the custom-houses
and in the paymeritof duties throughoutall Great
Britain, making no unnecessary or extiaordinary
demand for gold, while here in this country a
lively demand is constantly created by the action
of the Federal Government in making gold and
silver alone receivable at the custom-houses. Our
bank notes are refused, while the Bank of England
notes, I repeat, paid all duties in any of the ports
of England, Ireland, or Scotland, and then these
became as good as gold or silver.
Another gicat diiference between us and Eng-
land, and in consequence of which gold lises high
here, while gold m England was low throughout
the twenty odd years of the suspension of specie
payment, was this great fact, that during ali that
time, or almost all of it, what isealled the balance
of trade was very decidedly in favor of England.
England was the great export country. She had
the carrying trade, more or less, throughout the
whole world. The commerce of the earth was
hers, while Fiance, and other continental nations
under French dominion, were altogether excluded
therefrom. The manufactures of England were
expoiltd not only to Russia, and Austria, and
Prussia, but throughout Spain and all the East.
Tine consequence was, that during the greater part
of the period of the suspension of specie pay-
ment the whole world was more or less indebted
to Great Biitain, and gold was rushing into Eng-
land to pay for her surplus manufactuies and ex-
ports. But that is notour history. I have not
the figures before me this moment, but as near as
I c.m "recollect the financial history of New York
for the past year (1804) made up to the Jh of |
Januaiv,! aui Mibntantiaily accnuUe when I
that, our imports and exports were two to one
against us, reckoning in gold and silver. Our
dry goods imports alone, freight and duty un-
added, were about two hundred million dollars m
gold, and our exports only $100,000,000 in gold;
so that any effort by law to forcibly regulate or
control the market for gold, in view of the differ-
ence of exchange and the balance of trade, would
only exasperate an already over-sensitive mer-
cantile community, and raise the price of gold
rather than assuage the demand.
Another great difference between us and Great
Britain, and this is the third, is, that throughout
nearly the whole of those twenty odd years of
the suspension of specie payments the circula-
tion of the Bank of England was limited almost,
and in some fair proportion, to the specie or bul-
lion in its vaults. The managers of the Bank of
England, not always wise, very often unwise,
were wise nevertheless in a curtailment of the cir-
culation of the Bank of England notes as much
as possible throughout that long period of suspen-
sion, while our policy from the beginning to the
end has been an increase of the currency, an ex-
pansion of the currency, and the creation and
manufacture of paper money of all kinds and
characters, in quantities unknown to the world
since the days of John Law and of the French as-
signats. The result of this excessive expansion
of the currency is that this is the dearest market
in the world to which things can be sent from
abroad for sale, and hence, as luxuries are tempted
here by paper, gold must be sent abroad to pay
for them.
These are facts to which I wish to call the at-
tention of the country, and the attention of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.,]
to show what will be the effect of a gold bill like
his in this country, based upon any logic of facts
derived from the Old World.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman is arguing
the main question, which I carefully avoided.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 understand that, but 1 want to
show to the gentleman and to the country that the
gold legislation of England would not be wise legis-
lation here, and could not be wise legislation for a
country so differently situated as ours is, nor do
I think it possible to ordain by statute law the
price of gold in this country. I do not believe
that any penal laws whatsoever of ours can reach
the dealers in gold. As 1 have before said in the
House and in another debate, gold next to God
is omnipotent in the land, above all law, above
all sovereigns, and far beyond the reach of this
or any other Congress whatsoever. Indeed, all
those attempts which were made in Great Britain
to legulate the price of gold were made in vain,
as has been said by the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Blaintl,] they had no practical effect what-
soever over the people of England, or over the
commerce of England, except to increase the value
of gold and increase illegal traffic to such an ex-
tent that at one period the light guineas of Eng-
land actually passed in public for more than the
heavy guineas of England, in consequence of such
legislation.
Let me say to the honorable gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] that thishigh price
of gold is a necessity of our position, i regret
it; we all regret it; we all suffer from it. There
is no consumer of any article whatsoever who
does not pay the penalty of tins high price of
gold. But in my judgment no violent legislation,
no threats of penal laws, will do aught but aggra-
vate the price of gold, and mciease the specula-
tion. And if imprisonment, or even d^ath, as was
sometimes the casein Fiance,are suspended over
the speculators in gold, these transactions of com-
merce would then be turned into the hands of some
new species of man, like our bounty-jumpers, and
needy, pioihgate, reckless men, withoutrespons-
lbility, who would demand and receive high
premiums for the risks which they were encoun-
tering in evading the law. Our true way to re-
duc/the price of gold is to stop the inflation of
the currency. There is no other way, in my
judgment, certainly none so effectual as that.
However, I rose only from a misapprehension
of the purpose of the honorable gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ste\ens.] I piobably should
not have risen if I had known that he intended to
piess for no legislation. I lose only to express
my objection to any violent attempt to legislate
against thi,-. omnipotence of gold, by which we
would but aggravate the very evil of which we all
| complain.
Mr. STEVENS. I said when I was up before
that I would not enter into the merits of this
question, although the country will doubtless be
obliged to the gentleman, from New York [Mi'.
Brooks] for having done so in his argument.
1 do not believe, however, that the high price
of gold is a necessity of our position. It arises,
I think, from our vicious legislation. Butexcuse
me from rambling from the point before the House.
As I told you before, L will not detain the House,
but will withdraw my resolution after my col-
league [Mr. Broomall] has made what remarks
he desires to submit
Mr. BR.OOMALL, I opposed the introduc-
tion of this resolution upon the same principle
that I opposed all such legislation at the last ses-
sion, because I believe that while the action of
Congress would not have the effect expected
by my learned colleague, [Mr. Stevens,] yet it
would have a mischievous effect by raising the
price of the commodity which he proposes to
lower by it.
1 do not propose at this time, to enter into any
argument upon this subject, but simply to say
that I have devoted some attention to this ques-
tion since the introduction of the gentlemanfirst
bill, and I intend to take the earliest opportunity
of demonstrating to the House, as far as my fee-
ble powers will allow, that the price of gold is
just as much beyond the reach of Congress, so
far as any lowering of it is concerned, with the
laws of trade operating in their present manner,
as would be the regulating of the courses of the
planets in their orbits. I intend to take that op-
portunity, when it shall arise, to give my views
upon the subject.
Mr. STEVENS. I withdraw my resolution.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, through Mr. Hay,
his Private Secretary; also a message announcing
that he had approved and signed bills of the fol-
lowing titles:
An act (LI. R.No. 478) for the relief of Charles
M. Pott;
An act (CI. R. No. 603) to extend the time al-
lowed for the withdrawal of certain goods therein
named from public stores;
An act (II. It. No. 618) to amend the act enti-
tled "An act to provide internal revenue to sup-
port the Government, to pay interest on the pub-
lic debt,and for other purposes,"approved June
30,18C4.
The SPEAKER laid before the House thefol-
lowing message from the President of the United
States:
To the House of Representatives of the United States:
I herewith return to your honoiablc body, in winch it
originated, a "joint resolution to correct ccrtafn cimert
cnors in the internal revenue act" without my approval
My reason for doing so id, thai I am mfoinied that t hu
joint ies>olutiori was proposed duung the last momenta of
the last faction of Congiess. for the purpose of coriocf in;'
eeitruu criors* of leference in tlie internal revenue act,
which were discovered on an examination of an official
copy piocured from the State Department n lew hours only
before the adjournment. Jt passed the House and wont to
the Senate, where a vote wau taken upon if; but, by some
accident, it was not piesented to the President of the Sen-
ate for his signature.
Since the adjournment of the last ce^ion of Congress,
other eirors of a kind similar to those which thifcrcsoliition
was dcr-igned to conect have been discoveicd in the law,
and it is now thought mo-t expedient to include all the
necof--aiy collection® in one act ot resolution.
The attention of the proper committee of the Ilotw> has,
I am infoimed, been already directed to the preparation of
a lull for this puipo^e. ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
Executive Mansion, Janaanj o, 186.).
The SPEAKER announced that the first ques
tion was upon reconsitleung the vote by which
the House passed the joint resolution referred to
in the message of the President.
The joint resolution was then read,
On motion of Mr. STEVENS, the message of
the President of the United States, together with
the joint resolution, was referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
| Mr. Forney, their Secretary, announcing that
| they had passed the House bill entitled " Au act
i making appropriations for the payment of invalid
; and other pensions of the United State? for (He year
