1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
885
Mr. PENDLETON moved the following
amendment:
Add at the end of line two hundred, and forty-seven the
following words:
But one license fee of ten dollars shall be required from
Anyone person, firm, or company in respeettoailthe busi-
ness to be done by such person, firm, or company on a
continuous route, and the payment of s>uch license fee shall
cover all business done upon such route by such person,
firm, or company, anywhere in the United States; and such
license fee shall be required only from the principal in such
business, and not from any subordinate.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the committee rise
and report the bill.
"The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Pomeroy reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the tax bill
under consideration, and had directed him to re-
port the same back, with sundry amendments.
Mr. MORRILL demanded the previous ques-
tion on the bill and amendments.
'The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
And then, on motion of Mr. MORRILL, (at
twenty minutes to six o'clock, p. m.,) the Houst
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Satdrpav, February 18, 1865.
Prayer by Rev. John Lanahan, D. D., of
"Washington city.
On motion of Mr. FOOT, and by unanimous
consent, the reading of the Journal of yesterday's
proceedings was dispensed with.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the Secretary of
War transmitting, in answer to a resolution of the
Senate of the 14th instant, a report from the Com-
missary General of Subsistence, stating, that he
does not consider any increase in the quantity of
the Army ration required for the comfort of the
men or the efficiency of the service; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. MORGAN presented a petition of citizens
of New York, praying for the passage of an act
declaring slavery to be unconstitutional and crimi-
' nal, and providing for the punishment of slave-
holding as a criminal offense; which was referred
to the select committee on slavery and freedmen.
Mr. RAMSEY presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Minnesotam favorof the payment
of the " New Ulm Mill claims," being for labor
and materials in building a mill at New Ulm, in
18G2, by order of General Pope, commanding the
military department of the Northwest; which
were referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Ohio, praying foe a repeal of the law tax-
ing cigars, and that a tax maybe imposed upon
leaf tobacco; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Mr. HOWARD presented a memorial of Nich-
olas Thelen, praying that an appropriation may
be made for the encouragement of silk culture in
the northern and middle States, and that a super-
intendent may be appointed to direct and control
the undertaking; which was referred to the Com-'
mittee on Manufactures.
Mr. HENDRICKS presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Indiana, in favor of the improve-
ment of the harbor of Michigan City, and recom-
mending an appropriation for thatpurpose; which
were referred to the Committee on Commerce and
ordered to be printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. MORGAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
455) to amend an act entitled "An act to amend
an act entitled 'An act to authorize the employ-
ment of volunteers to aid inenforcing'the laws and
protecting public property, approved July 22,
1861,'" approved March 3,1863; which was read
twice by its title, and referied to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the MiHtia.
Mr. SPRAGUEasked,and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
356) for the purpose ofcheckingcontraband trade,
and to provide a fund for indigent loyal refu-
gees from the State of Texas; which was read
twiee by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Finance.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. SUMNER gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to repeal the act to
incorporate the Washington ana Georgetown
Railroad Company.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. FOOT, from ths Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the report of the Secretary
of the Interior, communicating information in re-
lation to agents employed in the payment of pen-
sions, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, no further legislation being called
for, in the judgment of the committee; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Evelina Porter,
widow of Commodore David Porter, praying for
arrears of pension, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 456)
for the relief of the Mercantile Mutual Insurance
Company, of New York, reported it without
amendment, and submitted a report; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. SUMNER, from the select committee on
slavery and freedmen, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 443) to incorporate the Freedmen's
Savings and Trust Company, reported it with an
amendment.
MEETING OF CONGRESS.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred the resolution to print
the compilation of the provisions of the Constitu-
tion and laws of the United States for fixing the
terms of the meetings of Congress in extra ses-
sion, prepared by the principal Clerk of the Sen-
ate, have instructed me to report it back without
amendment, and recommend its passage; and I
ask for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to, as follows:
Resolued, That the compilation of the provisions of the
Constitution and iawd of the United States for fixing the
time of the meetings or sessions of Congress, and of the
extra sessions of the Senate, and the practice under the
same fiom the -4th ot'March, 1789, to thepiesent time,pre-
pared by the Chief Cleik of ttie Senate, be printed.
REVENUE COMMISSION.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Finance, to whom the subject was re-
ferred, to report back a joint resolution providing
for the appointment of a commission on the sub-
ject of raising revenue by taxation. As a similar'
resolution was passed by the Senate at the close
of the last session, I hope that by unanimous con-
sent this resolution will be put on its passage at
once and sent to the House of Representatives.
There being no objection, the joint resqjotion
(S. R. No. 115) providing for the appointment of
a commission upon the suijjectof raisingffevenue
by taxation was read twic® by its title ijnd con-
sidered as in Committee olthe Whol# It au-
thoiizes the Secretary of th®Treasury,te) appoint
a commission, consisting ojlhree peijons, to in-
quire and report at the earliest practicable mo-
ment upon the subject of rais&g by taxation such
revenue as may be neeessarji^in order to supply
the wants of the Government^ having regaid to
and including the sources fropri^hicli such rev-
enue should be drawn, and ttife best and most
efficient mode of raising the same; and such com-
mission is to have power to take testimony in such
manner and under such regulations as may be pro-
vided by the Secretary of the Treasury,
Mr. GRIMES. I willinquire of the chairman
of the Finance Committee if he does not think it
would be better to establish what shall be the rate
of pay that shall be paid to thesecommissioners.
Mr. SHERMAN. The resolution as it is now
prepared was draw n by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. That difficulty has been suggested, but it.is
very difficult to ascertain or state precisely what
will be a reasonable pay. I can state, however,
that if this resolution had become a law at the
last session—it was passetl here and sent to the
House of Representatives, and met with a single
objection, which defeated its passage—I believe it
would have saved to the Goverftmentovei a mil-
lion dollars in the details of the present tax few;
and I believe that is the judgment of the members
of the Committee of Way-sand Means. The jfea-
son why I have not inserted in the resol'utiofl'k'ny
provision for the compensation of these commis-
sioners is because it would create delay in its*pas-
sage in the House of Representatives. ! All bills
appropriating money must be referred to the
Committee of the Whole, and that createscdfelay.
I presume a very small expenditure, not over
110,000, will pay the expense of this commission
for a year or two, and probably accomplish the
purpose; and that provision may be inserted in
any of the general appropriation bills. ■ ;
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, this is an im-
portant resolution in every view that can be taken
of it. It would be useless to appoint such a com-
mission as is proposed by this resolution unless
after they had been appointed, had metand taken
testimony, and presented their report, the report
and recommendations they should make should
be regarded as of so strong a character as to be
heeded and to demand the most serious attention.
I wish to call the attention of the Senate to the
fact that in regard to matters of l'evenuethere is
a very considerable want of accurate knowledge
prevailing on this side of the continent tootjhirtg
those questions in the Territories and State*! bor-
dering on the Pacific coast. A commissidn'of this
kind, therefore, should have at least one member
of it selected from that country. The objects of
taxation there are many; the amount of revenue
that is now being received from those States and
Territories is very large; and I therefore desire
to add as an amendment the following proviso, to
come ii^ after the word " same.-"
PruvitieiI, Thai one of the said commissioners shall be
selected froai the Territories or States on the Pacific coast.
I make this suggestion, not simpjy to put a
man in office, but that the peculiar condition of the
industries of that country, as well as the sources
of taxation, shall be made known and revealed to
this commission when they shall take action. I
think the Senate will understand and the chair-
man of the Finance Committee will concede the
importance of this proposition. It may be said
in reply that in the appointment of such a com-
mission the Treasury Department will pay atten-
tion to this subject. If so, the provision will do
no harm; but 1 desire that the States and Terri-
tories of the Pacific slope shall be guarantied as
well in the action that shall be taken, as that the
Government shall have the information which can
only be derived concerning our industries and
country from one of our own people. I therefore
move to insert the words:
Provided, That one of the said commissioners shall be
selected from tile Territories or States on the Pacific coast.
Mr. SHERMAN. I sincerely trust thata gen-
eral proposition of this kind will not be incum-
bered by an unusual provision limiting the power
of appointment. The President or the Secretary
of the Treasury has the power to make this com-
mission. It will no doubt becarefully made, and
with proper consideration forallthe local interests
of the country. I regard this measure, although
simple in its phraseology, as one of the most im-
portant propositions affecting our revenue.that
can be offered, and therefore we ought not to limit,
or restrain, or define the power of the President
or the Secretary in forming this commission. The
officers who will be appointed under this resolu-
tion, if it be adopted, as I think it will be with-
out any objection, or scarcely any objection, in the
other House, will perform the most important
functions ofanyofftcers of the Government. If we
had had such a commission at the comrhencement
of our system ofinternal taxation we should have
avoided a great deal of crude legislation. The
tax bill will be passed to-day in the House of
Representatives and will be sent to as, and we
shall have but ten or twelve working days to con-
sider it in the Committee on Finance and in the
Senate. It will be impossible for us, in all the
multitudinous duties imposed upon the Senate,
to consider it with care. Three gentlemen taking
up this whole subject, examining the "financial
systems of .Great Britain-and Franee and other
countries which have maintained a targe interna!
taxation, will be able to bring to the discharge of
their duties an amount of reflection and care that
we could not possibly bestow upon the oubject.
