1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE/
is developing her wealth in petroleum, and iron,
and coal, and she will say, " Give us a commis-
sioner." Then comesin the great West, and they
will say, " We are'the granary of the world; we
supply the markets of the world with grain, and
that is to be sold and we are to be taxed; give us
a commissioner." I hope the Senators from the
West will not say that I am at all invidious when
:I say that it is a great whisky-producing region
also, and that great interestis not to be neglected;
■and we must have a commissioner for whisky.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Did you say it was a
~ great whisky-consuming country?
Mr.CLARIC. No; I did not say that. I would
not be so invidious. I know they ship and sell
large quantities of it, and taxes are to be assessed
upon it; and therefore they will want a commis-
sioner to see that it is rightfully done, if we are
to carry out the idea of the Senator from Cali-
fornia. r
I am not antagonistic to any interest of Cali-
fornia. I desire, as much as the Senators from
that coast can desire, that their great interest, to
which they are looking for so much wealth, should
be developed, lliope it will not be neglected by
the Treasury or by the Government; and I have
no idea that it will be neglected. It cannot be
neglected. Wherever the gold is to be found,
there will be the men to seek it; and whefever the
Government interests are, there will be the Gov-
ernment to take care of those interests.
I do not desire that there should be any com-
missioner from New England, unless the best man
is found there, nor from the middle States, nor
from the West, nor from California; but where
ever the best men are found, there let them be se-
lected. But there is no necessity for taking one
of these commissioners from California to repre-
sent the interests of California. You may find a
man of broad and liberal views in some other
State. These commissioners will have power to
hear all the people from California if they will;
they will have ample power to protect California;
and I have no doubt they will desire to do it.
They may take testimony from all California, and
from Nevada too, that young giant who seems to
come in here to grasp the land by degreesof lat-
itude and longitude. They will all be protected
where they should be protected. We are to look to
them for aid; we are to look to them for counsel;
but I desire that we should stand locked together,
with no divisions even upon the statute-book be-
tween us that shall require a peremptory law that
one of these commissioners shall be from that
section. I desire thattliose Senators should trust
in the East, I desire that the East should trust in
the West and the Pacific slope; and that we shall
be content to provide for the common country
without any particular legislation of this kind,
that* in the appointment of a commission one of
' them shall be taken from that slope.
I have heard a great many times the argument
offered here by the Senator from Nevada, that if
you lay this tax and that tax upon this interest
or that interest you will not get half so much
revenue. The man that produces an article al-
ways says, " Tax it less, and we will produce
more, arid give you more money." The manu-
facturer will say, " Your tax will decrease man-
ufactures; tax less, arid your revenue will be larger
in the aggregate." So will say the tobacconist,
" Make your tax small on tobacco, and more will"
be consumed." So will say the producer of
whisky, " You havegot yourtax too high; you
are diminishing the production; you do not get
so much revenue as you would if you did not
lay so large a tax." 1 say this is matter for ad-
justment; and it is a nice point, to be ascertained
by a commissioner in some other way, what
taxes can be imposed upon the different articles
to give the most revenue with the least burden.
That can be ascertained, in my judgment, with-
out special legislation that we shall appoint one
of these three' commissioners from the Pacific
elope. Has California been neglected ?
Mr.-CONNESS. Yes," I think so.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator thinks so, and
' perhapsso thinksevery section of the country of
its own particular section; but there may be others
* who think she has been favored. I do not think
she has been favoied morethan« she deserves. I
feel proud of that portion of the country. I want
• it to be developed; and 1 hope, if this resolution
be passed and this commission be established, if
the Secretary of the Treasury thinks the interest
of that portion of the country or her particular em-
ployments demand it, she will have one of these
commissio"ners; but I would not tie up the hands
of the Secretary of the Treasury, and make it
imperative upon him to take one of these com-
missioners from the East or from the We^t, from
the Atlantic or the Pacific coast, from the North
or the South. Let us le&ve it to him to judge of
the whole broad country, and do what the whole
broad country demands.
Mr. .GONNESS. I shall not occupy much of
the morning hour in the discussion of this sub-
ject, for I grudge it on my own account, as I de-
sire to call up a bill, and am really sorry that so
much of it has been consumed on a motion made
by myself; but I cannot consent to have this mat-
ter closed without saying a few words in reply to
the peculiar argument of the honorable Senator
from New Hampshire.
The honorable Senator discovered in the amend-
ment that I have had the honor to submit to this
proposition what the directors of the United
States Mint discovered last year in a bill to estab-
lish facilities for coinage in one of the Pacific
States, a tendency.to disintegration. He says he
trusts that we will not begin to sectionalize- the
country, as this amendment proposes; and then
he goes on to present the interests of New Eng-
land, the interests of the West on this side of the
Rocky mountains, the interests of the South, and
then to speak specially of the interests of the
Pacific slope, and to argue that there^s not an ex-
isting reason, but a sectionaf reason, for the adop-
tion of the amendment that I have proposed. Let
me tell that Senator here, in behalf of the people
whom I have the honor to represent, that there
is no sectionalism in them; that they represent a
broader nationality, a deeper and a more abiding
lctve for our country, than even the constituency
represented by the Senator from New Hampshire.
Although they have been separated far and wide
from the power of the national arm, by their love
of country, without the arms of the Union they
have preserved peace and nationality in that far-
off country by the.power of opinion and the readi-
ness with which they have stood at all times for
any conflict that was necessary to maintain the
power of our Government there. Sir, the power
of the Union has not been maintained on the
Pacific coast by the armsof the Union. We have
had there an enemy frowning in our faces, made
up to a large extent of the vilest enemies of our
country coming from the rebel States; but, sir,
the sentiment of nationality in the breasts of a
majority of those people was, and is, so strong
that the Government has had to make but few
expenditures and but few demonstrations of its
power to preserve the most intense and devoted
loyalty in California and on the Pacific slope.
Let not the Senator say that there is sectionalism
in a motion of this kind.
Mr. President, I made this motion because
there is danger to the industries of that portion
of the Union which we represent here. What is
the danger? It is found in the annual reports of
the Department which this resolution proposes
shall appoint a commission to seek out sources
of taxation, modes oftaxation, to devise systems
of taxation. Why, sir, the head of that Depart-
ment in his last annual report recommends that
what he calls a royalty shall be collected from our
people and paid into the national Treasury. What
does a royalty mean ? It is based upon the theory
that invests the sovereign power with the precious
metals that are found in the earth, and as they
own all, it belongs to that sovereignty to have a
part, a tithe, if you please, of the proceeds, and
hence a royalty. The Secretary of the Treasury
—ay, in the y«ar 1865—confesses that with all the
light before him, with all the means at his com-
mand, with all his great ability, there has been
discovered no means by which the mines of the
United States, or belonging to the United States,
have thus far paid what they should have paid
into the national Treasury; and he confesses fur-
ther that he knows of no measure by which the
nation can be paid what belongs to it from that
source, except by the collection of what he de-
nominates a royalty.
Mr. President, I say here, individually, as one
of the most devoted citizens of this Union, and
as the representative in paft of as loyal a con-
stituency as there is in the Union, that it is not
in the power of the Government to collect a. roy-
alty from the Pacific States. The. very term-is
odious, and justly so. The industries of that peo-
ple have grown up without encouragement from
the Government.' They have-grown upjwithout
representation in the Executive Departments of
this Government. They hav.e no voice in the
Cabinet Council of this Government. There ,ia
not a bureau here, no matter how small, that/is
represented from the Pacific coast. JNay,more
than that, the common usage here is.to pidfcup
the lazzaroni of the East, the unemployed,. ari3
therefore the unworthy of the East, wbeneveran
office of the Government in the West is open* and
send them there, whether the office be an admirir
istrative or a judicial one. Why, sir, our courts
have been filled with men selected in that way, .
who had neither legal ability, moral fitness, nor
capacity, and who have gone into our western
Territories and States to makeour industries their
sport and the object of their spoliations. That
has been done to such an extent that it has pro-
duced nearly a condition of revolution there.
Nay, in one of our'Territories, now a State, the
people rose up en masse and compelled the judi-
ciary thus selected to resign their office and lease
the places they had so disgracefully filled. Such
appointments have been wrung out of the Execs-
utive by the importunate friends of the incomper
tents, strangers to ourcountry, and reckless of
our interests. . ,-s ■
And yet Senators say that the Paeificgcoast
has not been neglected. More than Once since I
have had the honor to sit here I have called atten-
tion to that country. I confess, and I am proud
to acknowledge, that I have found honorable SenV
ators v/ho have understood its great necessities.
From the bottom of my heart I thank them,and
feel grateful to them for the services they have
rendered in protecting that gallant, fearless, and
honest people in what properly belongs to them-.
They do not know the depth of love 1 feel in re-
turn for their assistance. But, sir, 1 have also
found Senators and members of Executive Depart-
ments who, too disregardful of the voice of rep-
resentation that came from that country, were not
only unwilling to deal fairly with us, but unwill-
ing to give us a hearing.
I trust, Mr. President, that this is coming to,ali
end. I trust gentlemen on this side of the Rocky
mountains are beginning to understand that there
is a great and increasing-interest and glory coming
to our nation from the great West. The Senator
from New Hampshire sees the beginning of a hew
secession in the simple amendment that I have
had the honor to offer, that there might be one
of this commission who would be able to state
whether a tax of five per cent, upon the gross
prpducts of the mines, as proposed last year and
passed by the Hou9e of Representatives, would be
a tax fit' to be imposed or not!
But the honorable chairman of the Committee
on Finance says we do not pay taxes. Why, sir,
our small population pays $8,000,000 a year into
the national Treasury on imports at the port of
San Francisco.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did notsay any such thing.
The Senator must not misrepresent me in his ex-
citement. I simply said that the -whole Pacific
slope at the best would not pay one thirtieth of
the taxes. Isaid thatifthese three commissioners
were to be appointed, it was not just or properto
say that they should come from any particular
locality. And let me say to the Senator that a
great deal of the declamation,in which he has in-
dulged is not pertinent. -No man is more friendly
to the Pacific coast, the mining interest, and the
great mountain region of ourcountry, than I am.
I did not suppose that this proposition, which re-
ceived the Senator's assent at the last session, and
which passed the Senate without a single objec-
tion, would excite tho slightest debate; but it
seems to have given rise to a great deal of unne-
cessary excitement on the part of the Senator
about his section and his State, which has not
been arraigned, or an y thing said against it or about
it, so far as I know,in the whole controversy.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not. wish to misrepre-
sent the Senator. The Senator certainly intended
to say to the Senate that there was alittle revenue
from our portion of the country, and that, there-
fore, in point of fast and fairness, we would have
no right to the appointment of one of these 'com-
missioners. I care nothing, about the appoint-
