888
'THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
ment; but the Senate will reme..iber that since
this movement was proposed last year, and since
I permitted it to pass without any objection, this
objectionable recommendation has been renewed
by the Treasury Department. The Senator does
not know what intense excitement and feeling
these increased and renewed recommendations by
the Executive Departments have made in the coun-
try that we represent here. The Senator does
not feel it. I cannot blame the Senator.
The Senator alludes to my declamation. Mr.
President, if the State of Ohio and its industries
had been menaced as the State that I in part rep-
resent here was menaced last year, the Senator
from Ohio would be the most excited man in this
Chamber. But, sir, in what has been said per-
haps our object has been partly, at least, accom-
plished. I have no confidence that if this com-
mission is immediately appointed it will be one
that will fairly represent our interests: and 1 un-
dertake to say that here. 1 do not wish to persist
in pressing this proposition upon the Senate; but
I could not listen to the class of argument pre-
sented by the honorable Senator from New Hamp-
shire without a response to it. I wish now to say
that I will withdraw the amendmentthat I offered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) The Senator from California with-
draws the amendment.
Mr. McDOUGALL. .Mr. President, I trust
that the sound of voices from the Pacific coast
shall.not be so voluminous and so continuous as
to deafen the ears of the Senate. The proposition
before the Senate is a simple one. It should have
been adopted at the opening; of the Congress in
July, 1861. Such a commission was demanded
then by the exigencies of the country. We should
have selected then the most eminent ability and
talent in this country or that we could derive from
Europe to consider the grave question of deriving
internal revenue. The chairman of the Commit-
tee on Finance knows very well that I urged
that such a commission was advisable. So knows
the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cowan,]
who was then on the Committee on Finance. If
we had done so we should have derived much
more revenue, and we should have had a system.
I remember very well asking in the Committee on
Finance whether any of the gentlemen of the com-
mittee had studied this question of internal rev-
enue. it was a new question to us. None of the
gentlemen on the Finance Committee had studied
it. It required special investigation. Itisknown
to the Senators who were members of the Finance
Committee at that time that I proposed the ap-
pointment of such a commission. I asked for it
then; I wish for it now. It will enable us to or-
ganize our system of revenue.
I have been told, and I think I am well in-
formed, that our first internal revenue bill was
based upon the old bill of 1813, which was a bill
drafted before McCulloch and the persons inter-
ested in the subject in Great Britain had devel-
oped the system of internal revenue; and we have
been going along on an imperfect basis all the
time. A commission of three eminent men who
understand finance—whether they come from Cal-
ifornia, or Maine, or Boston, is a matter of indif-
ference tome—setting themselves to work in and
about that business, will do more for us than any
one of our separate armies in the field.
I trust the resolution will be passed as it is pre-
sented. 1 do not think it requires amendment.
Let us give the authority to organize this com-
mission, and set men at this work who will engage
in it not merely from motives of patriotism, but
from a high sense of patriotism and a love of high
office in the true sense of high office—not office to
be compensated for. Three such men selected
would do what this Senate cannot do; what the
House of Representatives cannot do; what we
cannot do all together—for they will concentrate
their force upon our finances, and give us a sys-
tem, which we have not yet had. 1 trust that the
resolution may be passed as presented. It is a
thing that should have been passed long since.
Mr. CLARK. I move to amend the resolution
by inserting after the word " power" the words
" to inquire into the manner and efficiency of the
present and past method of collecting the internal
revenue," directing their attention to the manner
of collecting it, so that they may see how it can
be collected.
The amendment wawagieed to
Mr. HOWE. If there is no immediate neces-
sity for passing the resolution, I wish it might
be laid over and printed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection.
The PRESlDENTprotempore. It will belaid
aside if there be no objection, and the order to
print will be made.
LUCY A. RICE.
Mr. HOWARD asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 116) for the relief of Mrs. Lucy A.
Rice, late of Richmond, Virginia; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask the Senate to consider
the resolution now. I presume there will be no
objection to it.
By unanimous consent the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
joint resolution. The preamble declares that Mrs.
Lucy A. Rice, late of Richmond, Virginia, by
her courage and patriotic devotion in saving Col-
onel Streight and bis party, and enabling them to
make their escape from the hands of the rebels,
has deserved well of the country; and the reso-
lution therefore appropriates the sum of $1,500
to her, her heirs, or administrators.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment.
The PRESIDENTpj-o tempore. The time has
arrived for the consideration of the special order,
being the unfinished business of yesterday, and
it is now before the Senate.
NAVY-YARD ON THE MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. ANTHONY. With the consent of the
Senator from Ohio, I beg leave to make a report.
The Committee on Printing, to whom was referred
a resolution to print two thousand extra copies of
the report of the commissioners appointed toseWct
a site for a navy-yard on the Mississippi, have
directed me to report the same back without any
recommendation. The printing of the report will
cost about two hundred and thirty dollars, and
the printing of the maps will cost $2,000. The
Committee on Printing are notable to state whether
it is desirable that the maps should be printed or
not. There are Senators here who can answer-
that question.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the report will be
printed without the maps; and if it is in order I
will move that the report be printed without the
maps.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. It can be done
by unanimous consent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is objection
made to the presentconsideration ofthe resolution ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; I do not object
to its consideration, but I object to the proposi tion
of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. ANTHONY. That will require an amend-
ment of the resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion is before the Senate, and will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, That two thousand extra copies of the report
of the commissioners to report a proper site for a navy-
yard on tlie Mississippi be printed for tlie use of the Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. I understood the Senator
from Ohio to move an amendment by inserting
the words " without the maps."
Mr, SHERMAN. The Senator from Illinois
objected to it. I do not see any use in publish-
ing the maps with that report. I am very anx-
ious to have the report printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am not very well ad-
vised about the report, but I suppose the maps
are necessary, in the opinion of the commission-
ers at any rate, for a proper understanding of the
report. The report is in reference to a matter of
very great national importance, and these maps,
I understand, will show the depth of water, bars,
&c., connected with the sites which have been
examinedbythiscommission; and whenCongress
comes to act and locate this navy-yard, as 1 had
hoped it would be able to do at the present ses-
sion, we shall want these maps for a proper un-
derstanding of the whole subject. I have not
been able to get hold of the report and read it and
examine the maps, and cannot speak very ad-
visedly; but inasmuch as the commission thought
tlie in.ip;i rif*ci:sHrtry m theii lepoil I think wi: had
better have the whole of it published. The ex-
pense, it seems, will be some two thousand dul-
iais. That is a very small sum in connection
with the great object which it is desired to accom-
plish. The Senator fioin Ohio appreciates that.
I think we had better print the whole report, or
else very likely when part of it is printed we
shall have to cnll'for the rest of it afterward.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection, except
to the cost.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on agreeing to the resolution.
The resolution was adopted.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Lloyd, Chtef Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the follow-
ing bills of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 385) to authorize the President
to appoint a Second Assistant Secretary of War;
and
A bill (S. No. 402) to repeal an act entitled
" An act to remove the United States arsenal from
the city of St. Louis, and to provide for the sale
of the lands on which the same is located."
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 143) to facilitate the adjustment
of certain accounts of tlie American Colonization
Society for the support of recaptured Africans in
Liberia; which thereupon received the signature
of the President pro tempore of the Senate.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Secretary, announced
that he had approved and signed the following
bills and joint resolution:
A bill (S. No. 112) for the relief of the heirs of
Almond D. Fisk, deceased;
A bill (S. No. 392) supplementary to an act
approved July 14, 1862, entitled "An act to es-
tablish certain post roads;"
A bill (S. No. 413) to establish a bridge across
the Ohio river at Cincinnati, Ohio, a post road;
- A bill (S. No. 407) to authorize the establish-
ment of ocean mail steamship sei vice between the
United States and China; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 42) to extend the
time for the reversion to the United States of the
lands granted by Congress to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad from Pere Marquette to Flint,
and for the completion of said road.
OBITUARIES ON SENATOR HICKS.
Mr. JOHNSON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolced, Tliat there be published ill pamphlet form, for
the use ofthe Senate, two thousand copies oi tiieaddri sees
made by the members of the Senate and members of tlie
House of Representatives upon the occasion of the death
of Hun. Thomas II. Hicks.
TOWN' LOTS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask the consent of the hon-
orable chairman of the Committee on Finance to
call up a bill which will excite no discussion. It
has been reported favorably from theCommittee
on Public Lands, and will not occupy five min-
utes. It is Senate bill No. 380.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 suppose it can be taken
up informally, without displacing the special
order. .
Mr. CONNESS. Certainly.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 380) to give title to the occu-
pants of lots in cities and towns in the State of
California.
Mr. CONNESS. The Committee on Public
Lands have reported the bill with'an amendment
in the form of a substitute. I suggest that the
substitute only be read.
"The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The read-
ing of the otiginai bill will be omitted, unless
desired by some Senator.
The Secretary read theamendmentof the com-
mittee, which was to strike out* all of the original
bill after the enacting clause and to insert in lieu
thereof the following:
Tlmr in tlie <w of any citizen of ih" United States '
wim, .it ill,' ot' llilA MM\ I'C in th<- htlMlHV* of
bona fi'iv auuaJ mnug cii iIn* public lamia i >i pur-
