122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
ceived from the other States but 40,694, of whom
by far the larger part had settled in the free coun-
ties and Baltimore city, leaving a deficit of 96,564.
Why need we look farther into the record?
Figures always condemn slavery, and statistics
are its irreconcilable foe. Travel through our State
at your leisure and you will cleaily see that sla-
very has been a most ungrateful mistress for
Maryland. It has wasted our resources, para-
lyzed our industry, checked ourgrowthin wealth,
population, and ail substantial interests, refused
ingress to the intelligent and enterprising of other
States and countries, and has even driven our own
young men into exile. So far as we have ad-
vanced at all we have done so in spite of slavery,
and by driving it before us. And so it is every-
where. Says Cochin:
" This history of sluveiy knows 110 change. It is in all
places, it has been at every epoch, an obstacle to the sys-
tematic peopling of the earth, an obstacle to the propaga-
tion of the gospel, an obstacle to the modest elevation of
the infenor races, an obstacle to tile progressive civilization
of the superior races. The moralist calls it a crime, tiie
historian and economist a scourge
But Maryland has been liberated from her ser-
vitude of centuries. Her limbs, so longbenumbed
beneath the weight of an unendurable burden, are
fast assuming the vigor of a new life. In the
presence of treason and rebellion traditional pre-
judices could no longer steep the minds of men in
forgctfulness. Startled patriotism invoked the aid
of religion and humanity, and, uniting in the dis-
charge of a sacred duty, they totally destroyed
every vestige of slavery. Our new constitution
on the 1st day of November last decreed freedom,
unrestricted, unconditional, uncompensated, ab-
solute, and universal throughout the State. In
cordial recognition of that glorious achievement
the President has proclaimed to the world that
"Maryland presents the example of complete suc-
cess. Maryland is secure to liberty and Union
for all the future. The genius of rebellion will
no more_ claim Maryland. Like another foul
spirit, being driven out it may seek to tear her,
but will woo her no more."
Already she has begun to reap the advantages of
emancipation. The worthy, the industrious, and
the provident are hastening to settle among us.
To illustrate the practical clfects of the change, I
read the following extract from the Baltimoie
American of a late date:
" Onu. of Tilt Iticsui,is>.—The abolition of slavery in
Maryland is being attended with the «ood result* Clio friends
of emancipation expected. A steady stieam of emigrants
from our sister States, particulaily Pennsylvania, is pour-
ing in upon us., now that4 lice labor' lias become a settled
fact. In eveiy county of the State large sales of landiiave
taken placeduiingthepasttwo month*, and the purchasers
ore men who intend to settle in our muNt, and who do not
purchase for the sake of speculation. The worn-out and
half-tilled tiaets of the l.tr^e slaveholder, in the hands of
farmers who till their gioituds by fiee labor—who encoui-
flije free school.*, and ail the accompaniments of fiee uimi-
tiiUons—will soon place i\lai\land in the position anions?
the hoc States lh.it sin; should have occupied loui? ,i^o.
The following, Horn the Denton Union, published in Caio-
hne county, ^ an indication of the i evolution takiue place :
" 4 Mi. James (J. Redden has .sold his t,n m neai the t>>\\ n,
contain ins; neai thiee bundled acre-., to Mr. Jacob L. 'A<«A,
of Caiiihci land counly. ama, lot .^y.OUD. U i> a
healthy and desirable ie*idenee.
u 4 Mr. Redden lias also ><>1(1 the " Mansion Faim," for-
merly the residence ol tin- late William Jone*, near Atnlei-
sontown, to Mr. J. W. Chtie, of Cumberland county, Penn-
sylvania, but at what price we have not teamed.
'Mi. Redden aNo^old ius Biuisville faun, neai the Del
auM'e hit*', to Mi. Tohtas Millet, of Cuinbcrian.l (Oitnty,
containing one hundred aeie-,, toi '*
" We have always understood that the laud mVaioline
is anions the pooieM m the State, and believe that the
prices above «•[>( eihed are tenirukabiy jjood. The Union,
m commenting on the above t.,us: < \y(> would ad-
vice ail pet-on*, whciher residents hefe ot ehewhcie, wlio
wish to puicha&e larnis in tin- county, to do so • pocdily,
bciore the puce ol laud* <roc* up They aie cheap at preU
entj but how Jon# they will t emam so, now that Mai} land
is a free State, no one can tell.5 The Soinewt [Jei.ild, in
an extract which we publ^ied ye-ti uiar, * that < more
land iri vv itued; northcrncis continue f(> vi^f thi< eoumv,
[Somerset,] looking loifaims.' Well may the PicMdent
say that * the I'eniu^ ot rebellion will no more claim aMujv-
land.' That day is, irnnc foi ever."
We extend to all who arc anxious to better their
condition a most cordial invitation to come and
cast in their lot with us. We have no fears of
the barbaious hordes" of the Noith. On the
conttary we Ray ho! ail Yankeedom, and every
other land under the sun where boys are taught,
and men practice, the lesson, that honest labor is
not discreditable. Send down your luudy sons,
and we will greet them ujclu heartily. We want
your enterprise and cipiUif, your strong anna, ;!
yoiii couiageous hearts, and. your uver-aeii\e |j
btains. Come on, then, Mr. Yankee, cheat us
if you can; my word for it, you will not do so
more than once. We shall soon learn to take cave
of ourselves. Meanwhile we will receive you as
equals, and take the chances at a bargain. But
remember, we shall impose one condition, a vio-
lation of which will work a perpetual forfeiture
of all the rights and privileges ever granted you;
that is, that you shall swear eternal hatred to
slavery and to its offspring, the rebellion.
Gentlemen of distinguished ability have urged
objections against this amendment of the Consti-
tution which they assert aie insuperable. They
exclaim, "Oh, the terrible change! You will
take these poor negroes from their comfortable
homes, provided by the watchful care of their
mastets with abundant supplies of all the neces-
saries of life, and cast them forth upon the world
utterly destitute and naked. They will perish."
i accept as genuiuo the protestation that this ob-
jection is prompted by an honest feeling of sym-
pathy, and will endeavor to answer it as it de-
serves.
We must bear in mind that the negro race does
not stand at as low a point in the estimation of
the ethnologist as it did five years ago. At that
time it was claimed that all experience in this
country established theasseition that the negro
could not exist without the watchful supervision
of his master, and that the black race was a
necessary complement of the white race in the
southern States, the one furnishing the physical
and the other the intellectual power. But waris
as subversive of theories as itis of mere physical
obstacles, and under its stern mandates life-long
convictions may be stormed as easily as military
positions which before were deemed impregnable.
Who now will assert, in the face of the facts
transpiring every where, that the negro cannot be
made a soldiei ? That nonsense has been exploded
by the rebels themselves, many of whom, and it
is said General Lee among them, now clamor for
a general arming of the slaves. If they so order
it, well; men who have handled muskets do not
willingly become slaves; least of all will they
become again the slaves of masteis whose cause,
when lost, they were armed to win; nor will they
win a cause which, if won, will reward then-
prowess with fetters. Who now will assert that
the negro will at the first opportunity rush into
insun ection and every excess of barbarism ? An-
swer me fairly—who, since the negro has been
permitted to bear arms, has been most distin-
guished for the display of the Christian virtues
m the field, the former slave or the former master?
When you can prove against the negro soldier
the horrible atrocities of Fort Pillow, Libby
prison, Belle Isle, or Andersonville, 1 will grant
you he is a savage,and should be banished from
civilized life.
I do not deny but that in this great tempest of
the social elements there may be in some locali-
ties much sidlei mg among the ft eedmen. So there
has been pet haps to an equal amount among the
white refugees. The war has imposed many and
appalling haul-ships. They arealieady upon us.
We must piovide for them whether we adoptthis
amendment of the Constitution or not. But let
peace be restored, revive the industrial pursuits,
say to the negro, heieafter you shall work for hire,
and shall leceive and appropriate your own wages;
and a.s suie as it is the law of God for the white
man that truth is better than en or, and freedom
better than slavery, so will experience vindicate
the same great principles for the black man.
Tins point needs no elaboration. You must
either peirmt the blacks to be fiee or return them
to bondage. Suppose you reenslave them after
having enjoyed a taste of liberty, would they not
suffer tenfold more than if they remained free?
Undoubtedly they would.
in my own State the fteedmen properly appre-
ciate their position. In fact, the slaves, for the
most part, knew beforehand from actual inter-
course with those of their race previously manu-
mitted what would be expected of them after
their emancipation, i have heard nocomplaints
of theiridleness or dissipation. Ail of them with
whom i have conversed seem to understand that
they must work for an honest livelihood. They
were never better behaved. Obedient, cheerful,
and happy, they appear anxious by their good
conduct to rewatd the efforts of those who la-
boxed to make them hue. i ie<:iet nothing that
I have done for them. On the contrary, I rejoice
that 1 have been able to contribute to the restora-
tion of the rights of humanity to a down-troddeu
race. When passing along Unough life 1 en-
counter these poor frcedmen, and hear one of
them say, " Master, God bless you," I feel none
the worse thattheprayer ofa fellow-mortal, black
though he be, upon whom I have aided in con-
ferring something more of happiness, has been
offered up in my behalf.
The helplessness of the blacks used to be a fa-
vorite topic of conversation among the slavehold-
ers of Maryland, but since emancipation has been
in course of development very little has been
heard from them on that subject. When Jeff.
Davis's statesmanship had begun to bear fruit,and
a fearful suspicion had gradually dawned upon
the enlightened understanding of his followers,
that instead of making slavery supreme, he had
simply knocked out its brains and given its car-
cass to the dogs, fear made them tell the truth,
and we then discovered that helplessness was
chargeable more to the masters than to the slaves.
"Gracious Heaven I" they exclaimed, " if we
lose our slaves, how shall we get along? Why,
we never worked a day in our lives." And when
in the course of events the loyal white people of
Maryland for nearly three years had been march-
ing their fathers and sons and brothers to the
war, many of them to return no more, and when
at the hoard of almost every loyal family the
place of some loved one could be filled only by
the cherished memory of a gallant soldier who
had nobly died for his country, those who had suf-
fered thus, seeing the slave-owners actually profit-
ing by the scaicity of white labor, began to ask,
Why are not the burdens of this war made equal?
Why are not the slaves put into the, Auny and
allowed to fight? At the mere asking of such
grossly unconstitutional questions a wail went
up from the slave-owners (except a few, to whom
all honor) that rent the heavens. They cried out
" Oh! spare us, spare us; our work is to be done,
and our slaves must do it. Go on with the draft,
and let the white men who are unable to pay com-
mutation go to the war." But notwithstanding
these most affecting entreaties, the able-bodied
male slaves neatly all volunteered. After they
had gone the owners were indiscreet enough U>
complain, because, as they said, all the strong
men having been taken they would be taxed
with the support of the women and children, the
helpless and infirm, and they piteously asked to
be relieved from so much unrequited expense
and care. This alleged grievance coming to the
ears of one having the power to remedy it, he at
once made it known that he would relieve the
owners from the charge of all the negroes whom
they were unwilling to retain, and would provide
for their transportation by sending a steamer la
any accessible point that might be designated.
Strange to relate, not one application was made
for transportation. There was an instantaneous
conversion of all who before complained; and
like good Christians they forthwith acknowledged
the obligation resting upon them to protect and
provide for the imbecile creatures over whom
Providence had placed them. But the most lu-
dicrous refutation of all such complaints was given
the other day. Even before the election for the
adoption of the constitution had been held, the
s!a\e-owners, profiting by the signs of the times,
began to ransack tiie statutes of the State in search
of some legal device that would enable them to se-
cure for a few years more the services of the in-
fant slaves. Scarcely had they fished up an old
apprentice law, which the lawyers told them
would answertheir purpose, whenlo! and behold,
they gathered up the little darkeys of both sexe«
and crowded them into all conceivable kinds of
vehicles until they looked like over-populous
nests of blackbirds, and then conveyed them with
all possible haste befoie the oj plums' courts and
had them bound out to their foimer masteis.
Many of the owners, although the result of the
election was then unknown, actually manumitted
the children before the 1st of November, and had
them bound immediately in order that they might
deprive their paients, who were still slaves, of
the right of being consulted after their emancipa-
tion as to the disposition of their own offspring.
You will not wonder at my confidence in the
itnpsovement of the negro race when I relate an
incident which came under my own observation.
