1865.
THEOONG-RESSIOFAL GLOBE.
"poses of commerce, such citizen,uponmaking proof satis-
factory to the register aud receiver to that effect, shall have
the right to enter, according to legal subdivisions, a quan-
tity of land not exceeding one hundred and sixty acres, to
embrace his improvements and mining premises, at the
minimum price of twenty dollars peracre,fixedinthecoaI
and town-property act of 1st July, 1864: Provided, That
where the mining improvements and premises are on land
surveyed at the passage of this act, a sworn declaratory
statement descriptive of the tract and premises, showing
also the extent and character of the improvements, shad
be'filed within six months from the date of this act; and
' proof and.payment shall be made within one year from the
date of such filing; but where such mining premises may'
he on lands hereafter to be surveved, such declaratory
statement shall be filed within three months from the re-
turn to the district land office of the official township plat l
and proof and paymeiitshaH be made within one yearfronr
the date of such filing.
Sec, 2. *dnd be it further enacted, That in the case of
any city or town which, at the passage of this act, may be
existing on the public lands, in which the lots theiein may
be variant as to size from the limitation fixed in the said
act of 1st July, 1864, and in which the lots and buildings
as municipal improvements shali cover an area greater
than six hundred and forty acres, such vaiiance as to size
of Jots or excess in area shall prove no bar to such city or
town claim, under said act of 1st July, 1864, effect to be
given to this act according to such regulations as may be
prescribed by the Secretary of the Interior: Provided, That
where mineral veins are possessed, which possession is
recognized by local authority, and to the extent so pos-
sessed and recognized, the title to town lots to be acquired
shall be subject to such recognized possession and the ne-
cessary use thereof: Provided, however^ That nothing con-
tained herein shall be so construed as to recognize any
color of title in possessors for mining purposes as against'
the Government of the United Slates. .
Mr. SHERMAN. As that is an important
bill, and one which I know will give rise to de-
bate from what I hear all around me, 1 feel it my
duty to interpose an objection and to call for the
special order. I hope we shall go on with the
Army appropriation bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not think this bill will
excite any debate. I propose simply, represent-
ing the Committee on Public Lands, to explain
to the Senator its provisions, which will not oc-
cupy, I presume, four minutes.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 call for the order of the
day, which is the Army bill. I think we should
proceed with that, and getit out of the way, and
I shall have no objection then to taking up this
bill. The Army bill is the only bill I have charge
of that I shall press upon the Senate at present,
and then Senators can call up other bills in which
they are interested.
Mr. HO WARD. I hope the Senator from Ohio
will allow my resolution to pass. It has been re-
ported to the Senate and will lead to no debate.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is not any more my duty
to object than any other Senator ; but I have
charge of the Army appropriation bill,and I must
press it upon the Senate.
Mr. HOWARD, if it gives rise to debate, it
can be laid aside.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The special
order, being the unfinished business of yesterday,
is now before the Senate.
COMMERCE AMONG THE STATES.
Mr. CHANDLER. House bill No. 307 was
the special order for one o'clock to-day.
Mr. CONNESS. That was postponed until
Monday last night.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the bill be
postponed until Monday next at one o'clock, and
be made the special order for that hour.
Mr. CONNESS. That has been done.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator is mistaken.
It has not been done.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will be made unless 
Mr. TRUMBULL. That bill is not up.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 will move to take it up
for that purpose.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope it will notbe taken
up and exclude everything else.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It cannot come
up without, postponing the special order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have been trying for a
Tfreek to make some reports and to dispose of some
business in my hands, and I shall never be able
to do it if these special orders come up every day
and cut off everything else.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 gave notice that I would
not antagonize this bill against the appropriation
bills, and 1 give way to-day, and 1 hope the Senate
>viil consent to replace the bill on the docket where
it would have;stood to-day but for the appropria-
tion bill. I ask that the order making itaspecial
order may be transferred to Monday at one
o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there any
objection ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection be-
ing made, it cannot be done.
Mr. CHAN DLER. Then I move to postpone
the pending and all prior orders and take up House
bill No. 307, for the purpose of making it a special
order.
Mr. SHERMAN. We can pass the Army bill
in a short time, and then the motion will be just
as much in order as it is now, and I will say. to
the Senator from Michigan, as I have interposed
this bill in advance of his bill, that I shall feel
bound to vote to take up his bill whenever he
submits the motion at some other time; but now
if we get up a controversy about the order of
business the effect will be, 1 think, to delay both
bills. We had better proceed with the Army bill
now. It is the unfinished business, and over-
rides everything else.
Mr. CHANDLER. I suppose it is under-
stood that the Senator from Nevada [Mr. Nye]
has the floor on this bill and is prepared to make
a speech upon it, and I hope the Senate will at
least give him an opportunity in the morning
hour on Monday to make his speech. I insist
on my motion that all prior orders be postponed
and that the Senate take up House bill No. 307.
Mr. CONNESS. If it is to consume the entire
morning hour on Monday I shall vote against it.
Mr. CHANDLER. Not the morning hour;
I mean at one o'clock.
. Mr. CONNESS. I understood the Senator to
say the morning hour.
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir; at one o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Michigan
to postpone all prior orders and proceed to the
consideration of House bill No. 307, to regulate
commerce among the States.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes 16, noes 14.
M r. CHANDLER. I now move that that bill
be postponed until Monday at one o'clock, and
be made the special order for that hour.
Mr. DOOHTTLE. I hope the honorable
Senator will say Tuesday, because on Monday
1 desire to have some Indian bills considered that
I have been trying to get up for a long time, and
which will occupy perhaps an hour of the time
of the Senate.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope to get a vote on
this bill on Monday.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is necessary that those
bills should come up as soon as possible.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let therrv come up on
Tuesday.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The question whether
this railroad in New Jersey shall continue to ex-
ercise the same powers it has exercised for thirty
years is not a question of life and death; but
there are some bills in relation to the Indian ser-
vice and Indian affairs that must be passed.. We
must act upon them at once, or they will fail for
this session. 1 have been struggling for some time
to get an opportunity to bring them up. I ask the
Senator from Michigan what great difference can
it make with his bill whether it is considered on
Monday or Tuesday.
Mr. CHANDLER. What great difference
does it make with the Senator's Indian bills
whether they are considered on Monday or Tues-
day?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It makes this difference:
they will lead to no discussion, they will prob-
ably not occupy two hours, and this other bill
will lead to discussion and may not be passed un-
der three or four days; and then these bills have
to go to the House of Representatives. Some of
them are amendments to bills from the House.
The bill the Senator from Michigan has charge
of is a bill that has passed the House, and if it
passes here it is not necessary to go back to the
House. So the difference of one day is nothing
to his bill. 1 will move to amend the Senator's
motion by fixing it for Tuesday instead of Mon-
day.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that bill will not
be made a special order for either1ldt|y. We are
now within twelve days of the'elo&i%f this ses-
sion; there is very important business to be con-"
sidered; and there has been no opportunity to'
consider it for some time in consequence of, this
bill which the Senator from Michigan has charge
of, and another measure in the hands of ,the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner.] There
has not been an opportunity to make reports.
The morning hour is consumed almost every dtfjl,
and the general business of the country must all
stop for the discussion upon these questions.: At
this stage of the session, I think, a bill that is to
lead to an elaborate debate in which set speeches
are to be made, a bill of the character of that
which the Senator from Michigan has charge of,
should not be pressed till the important legisla-
tion of the country, which must be acted upon
the present session, is considered. Then, if we
have "time.enough, let us come here at night; I
will come and sit with the Senator from Michi-
gan and listen to the speeches that are to be made
on that subject, and see if wo can get to a vote
upon it; but I think it is improper, and that the
Senate ought not to agree to make it a special or-
der to the exclusion of the other business of the
Senate. 1 hope we shall vote against making it
the special order for Monday, or any other day.
In addition to that, I wish to say that very lit-
tle is gained by making it a special order. The
Senator from Michigan knows very well that if
it is made the special order for Monday a major-
ity of the Senate may postpone it and take up
any other measure. He had it made a spdkial
order for one o'clock to-day; and what has be-
come of it? It is out of its place without any
vote of the Senate. Why was it not called up
atone o'clock to-day ? Because another measure
of which the Senator from Ohio has charge has
precedence of it. If he makes it the special order
forone o'clock on Monday, very likely this Army
appropriation bill will be unfinished at that hour,
and it may push it off again; and then the time
of the Senate is taken up about the order of bus-
iness, and making this measure a special order,
as if time enough were not consumed in discuss-
ing the measure, but we must consume also a
part of the day in determining at what hour we
will have it up. I think it is injudicious to m'ake
special orders of any bills at this stage of the ses-
sion. My experience is that it retards the busi-
ness of the body. If we wish to get through
with-the public business -and do the legislation
that is incumbent upon us, I hope that we will
make a special order of ho bill. The Senate by
a majority can always call up any bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator has given
us a practical illustration of the truth of his re-
marks. He has occupied ten times the time I
should have taken in making this a special ord<er.
If it be true, as he says, that it will be displaced
on Monday by the Army appropriation bill as"
the unfinished business, 1 shall make no opposi-
tion to that. What objection then can there be
to making it a special order* and letting it be dis-
placed by the unfinished business' I shall try
on Monday to get a vote on this bill. I shall try
to have a night, session and finish it, and getit out
of the way on Monday; and I hope that the Senate
will stand by me and make it the special order
that it may be finished and put out of the way.
It is a very important bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Michigan moves that the bill be postponed
to and made the special order for Monday next,
at one o'clock. The Senator from Wisconsin
moves that it be postponed to and made the
special order for Tuesday next, at one o'clock.
The question will be first on the motion of the
Senator from Wisconsin, that being the longest
time.-
Mr. BROWN. I understood when the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin made his motion'and stated
the reasons for it, that the Senator from Michi-
gan assented to the agreement, and so intimated,
by a bow of his head, that he would agree to the
change and make this bill the special order for
Tuesday. I know that the matters which are
pending in the Indian Committee demand the in-
stfiit attention of the Senate; that the intef&ts.' •-
that are there involved are not of a character that,
we shall be justified in deferring or layiqg qvjer;"
and there is certainly nothing in this measure
that cannot enable us to pass it over one, twd, or
three days at least. It is simply a cut-throat ar-
rangement between two lailrouds who are trying
