1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
123
Oar struggle for emancipation was fierce and
closely contested. For along time the result was
in doubt. The soldiers' vote finally settled it in
our favor by a majority of less than four hundred;
but the advocates of slavery, unwilling, though
fairly beaten, to surrender afield which they had
hold so long without dispute, did their utmost,
after the election, to defeat the voice of the people,
by a resort to protests, and injunctions, and writs
of mandamus, and every other device which the
ingenuity of counsel could invent. The Govern-
or's proclamation, declaring the triumph of the
friends of freedom, in spite of rebel votes and the
" law's delay," did not reach the southern section
of the State until Monday, the 31st October, when
a steamer from Baltimore brought the official docu-
ment. A Union meeting was held that day at
Cambridge, in Dorchester county, at which it was
made known, to the infinite disgust of every faith-
ful follower of Jeff. Davis, that thencxtday would
see Maryland a free State. I know not how the
word passed; 1 sawnoflashing beacon,norflaming
brand, nor speeding couricr; but as I traveled in
open carriage that night to fill an appointment
next day, moie than fifty miles away, it seemed
as if the very air had borne the glad tidings be-
fore me. All Africa was abroad; some on horse-
back, some in wagons, but nearly all on foot,
moving along, singing and joyful. When, later
in the night, I was journeying wearily through the
sighing pines, my curiosity was excited by the
fact that ever and" anon a bright light would sud-
denly burst upon me. Knowing that country peo-
ple were usually at that hour a-bed, these lights
were a mystery to me. Turning to my companion,
I asked an explanation. He replied, " The lights
you see are at the meeting-houses of thenegrocs,
who have met for the purpose of holding watch-
meetings to welcome in the 1st of November."
The mystery was explained. The negroes had
assembled at midnight, in their rude churches,
hastily built by the roadside, in the woods, or
down at the marshes, to watch for the advent of
their day of jubilee, in order that they might re-
ceive their earliest experience of Heaven's price-
less gift to man—thiice-blessed libeity—whiluon
their knees before the Father of all. Surely, a
people who will thus dedicate the first moments
of their freedom to God are worthy to be free.
Hut it has been urged with great earnestness
that it is not within the scope of constitutional
amendment to interfere with the domestic institu-
tions of a State; and that in no event should sla-
very be abolished without compensation. That the
Convention which framed the Constitution did
not sustain either branch of this objection will
not remain in controvcisy if we but refer to the
debates of that body.
On the Sih September, 1787, Mr. Madison
moved to postpone the consideration of the prop-
osition then pending, m order to take up the fol-
lowing:
k{The o of tli'; United Rtnt"^, whenever two
IliinN of both Jlou^o shah deem neces-ary. or on Hie ap-
plication of two thud- or the Lem<.|atiii-eri of the scvcia!
frtdt' shall piopo^u .im'-minienf^fo thK Uontutjon,which
sh;tl! oe to all n.tonN and pinpo-! as p;uf {lieicof,
when the >,une sIiiiU iuw hren uniied by tlnee iomtlH. at
len-t, ot th.« L"!.-!-lamies otihe Mjveml tfnto, or !>v conv< n-
tiot'-- in thiee Imiuh- tiiceof, a- ono or the ot'm r mo<i<- of
laufieation may be piopo^ed by the LcL'ishitine ol the Uni-
ted State-.,J
This is the same as the text of the main clause
of aitiele five, with an amendment afterward in-
troduced, so as to require a convention on appli-
cation of two thuds of the States, and with a few
merely vcibal amendments.
Mr. Hamilton seconded the motion, so that it
was supported m the beginning by two of the
cl< arest minds of the Convention.
Mr. Itutlcdge said he never could agree to give
a power by which the articles relating to slaves
might be altered by the States not interested in
that property and prejudiced against it. In order
to obviate this objection, the first proviso was
added, jn these words:
"Piorided, That no amendment which mnv be made
prioi to the year 180--3 shah in any manner aiTVct the first
and louiili clauses ot the ninth section of tbelirftaiucle."
It will be obseived that by its own teiins this
pio\iso ceased to operate after 1808.
When the same article again came up for con-
sideration, on the 15'h September, Mr. Sherman
baid he thought it reasonable that the proviso ia
favor of the States importing slaves should be extended
so as to provide that no State should be affected in
its internal police, or deprived of its equality in
the Senate; and he forthwith moved to add the
following, as a further proviso:
"That no State shall, without its conscnt, be affected in
its interval police or deprived of its equal suffrage iu the
Senate."
Whereupon Mr. Madison said, " Begin with
these special provisos, and every State will insist
on them for its boundaries, exports, &c." The
motion'of Mr. Sherman was then negatived by a
vote of three States to eight. Mr. Sherman then
moved to strike out the article altogether, but this
was negatived by a vote of two States to eight,
and one divided. It was then that, on motion of
Mr. Gouverneur Morris, the second proviso,
" that no State, without its consent, shall be de-
prived of its equal suffrage in the Senate," was
carried without a dissenting voice. This second
proviso, mark yoit, differed from Mr. Sherman's
proposition in this only, that it omitted the words
" be affectcd in its internal police."
Now, here is an express refusal by the Conven-
tion to impose upon the power of amendment a
restriction that would have exempted the " in-
ternal police" of a State from its operation. The
restriction was asked for as a concession to sla-
very, was opposed by Mr. Madison, and was
voted down largely. It cannot be said that the
South did not then desire some security in the
Constitution against emancipation;for Mr.Pinck-
ney, on three occasions, asked for just such a
provision; and it was frequently urged by Mr.
Rutledge, and others, that North Carolina, South
Carolina, and Georgia, would demand even more,
and would never agree to the Constitution unless
their right to import slaves be untouched. In re-
gard to all which dcjnands and threats.the senti-
ment of the Convention could not be better shown
than by citing the ever-memorable remark of Mr.
Madison that "he thought it wrong to admit
in the Constitution the idea that there could he
property in men." (Elliot's Debates, volume 5,
pages 357, 457, 478, 487, 531, and 551.) His but
fair to infer from the admitted o [(position of a large
majority of the framers of the Constitution to
slavery that they intended that the country should
ultimately get rid of that evil by a resort to the
power of amendment, and more especially is that
inference justified when the further fact is con-
sidered, that the Convention actually refused to
except "the internal police of the States" from
the operation of the clause of amendment.
If, then, the power of amendment extends to
the abolition of shivery, and that it does is too
clear to admit of a suspicion of a doubt, with w hat
propriety can any slaveholder ask for compensa-
tion ? They entered the Union with a full knowl-
edge of the evistenee of that power, and they held
their slaves afterward subject to the rig ht of the
j people of the United States in accordance with the
| forms prescribed to prohibit human bondage.
! How then can the slaveholders complain of in-
justice if the people shall choose to exercise their
notorious pi i vilege of amendment ? But the case
is infinitely woise when we adveit to the many
efforts at conciliation made in the beginning of
the rebellion, and find that before the insolenceof
the slave power had culminated in actual war the
Confess proposed, by the necessary majonty,
an amendment to the Legislatures of the States,
wheieby the people were to be deprived of all
power of interference with slavery in the States
by amendment of the Constitution of the United
States, and that this proposition, which, if ac-
cepted, would have been a peipetual guarantee,
j was scornfully rejected. Nothing would satisfy
j the propagandists of slavery but wai, terrible war.
, And now, after the nation Ims been compelled in
i defense of its life to expend its treasure by thou-
j sands of millions, and sacrifice hundreds of its
j best and bravest on almost every lull-top and in
; almost every valley of the South, who is so craven
! as to speak of compensation for slaves when their
i emancipation was made necessary by the rebellion
of their masters ?
I have heard it said of the rebels, " Woo them
with gifts. Pay them for their losses." Ia it
meant that we shall load our already heavily bur-
dened constituents with one more subsidy that
defeated traitors may not suffer the penalties of
their own acts? Is U meant that we shall charm
them back to loyalty by paying them the money
of a people whom in striving to ruin they have
ruined themselves? I would rathersay with King
Henry of Bolingbroke,
"Shall our coffers then
Be emptied, to redeem n traitor home ?
Shall we buy treason ? and indent with foes,
When they have lost and forfeited themselves*'
No, on the barren mountains let them starve;
For I shall never hold that man my friend,
Whose tongue shall ask me for one penny cost
To ransom home revolted" [Davis and his crew.j
Who is so weak as to believe that the rebels
can be appeased by concessions to slavery, or that
the war can be ended otherwise than by destroy-
ing their military power? Have they ever given us
reason to entertain any such expectations * Their
president, their congress, the chiefs of their armies,
all of their officials, high or low, who have
spoken upon the subject, have always insisted
that they will tolerate but one plan of adjustment,
namely, that which provides for separation and
disunion. Where is the evidence that the rebels
will stop the war and return to the Union if we
will not destroy slavery? I challenge its pro-
duction. It nowhere exists. The issue is sharply
defined between the rebellion and the United
States. On the one side is disunion for the sake
of &Uivery; on the other is freedom for the sake
of the Union. In the beginning of the war the
rebels, to justify their resort to arms, seized the
priestess of prophecy* and compelled her to adopt
the sentiment that the Union could not continue
with the States part slave and part free. They
construed the words literally, and then, by their
own voluntary acts, verified the prophecy as they
interpreted it. They have demonstrated that the
conflicting systems of fiee and slave labor can-
not be reconciled under a republican form of gov-
ernment, but rather that they will develop into*
political antipathies, which will ultimately, like
smoldering, but inextinguishable fires, burst into
the full blaze of civil war.
Others may doubt and fear, but I believe that
slavery is doomed. In my judgment, if the people
of the southern confederacy, so called, were made
independent to-morrow they could not preserve
their favorite institution. If this Congress were
to promise to protect it for them,could that prom-
ise be redeemed? Could you ever again enforce
a fugitive slave law? No human power can again
so far stifle the voice of nature as to hush into
submission the denunciations of slavery, which
rise like exhalations from all parts of the land.
Civilization everywhere speaks for liberty. Rus-
sia, by her grand act of emancipation, has ban-
ished serfdom from Europe. England, France,
Denmark, Sweden, Holland, and Portugal, have
all crossed the ocean to liberate the bondman.
Less than seven millions of slaves remain within
the bounds of Christendom; and for four millions
of these we stand responsible in the sight of God
and man. Knowing all this, the enlightened, de-
termined, and irrepressible sentiment of the nation
cries aloud, "Away with slavery,away with sla-
very !" So long as we hesitate and delay this
great work we can have no peace. Whether we
would or not, we must establish freedom if v/e
would exterminate treason. Events have left us
no choice. The people have learned their duty,
and have instructed us accordingly. Let us do
our part,and,as their heralds,proclaim universal
freedom. Having thus declared a policy, plain,
but imperishable, our armies, while winning a
glorious and enduring peace, will secure by the
same crowning victories the enfranchisement of
the human race, and so brighten the future with
blessings for the oppressed and enslaved of all the
earth, that posterity, amazed at the magnitude
of their achievements, will record that as they
marched,
" Ilish in fiont advanced,
The. brandished of God beibie them blazed
Fieiee as a comet."
"The brandished sword of God?" ay, "the
brandished sword of God !" He has led this holy
crusade for country and foi fieedom. When men
despaired because they could discoverno solution
of the dreadful enigma which slavery propounded;
when even the churches quailed before it and pros-
tituted the Bible to the propitiation of the monster,
God came to the rescue, and solved the riddle by
destroying the sphinx. If God is nowhere else
11 rccognized in the Constitution, nevertheless He
