1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
they will adhere to their ideas of national indc- i
pcudence. j
"Without expressing my own opinion on that
point, I ask gentlemen to consider carefully what
th^y ask of us. Do you not wish our aid in car-
rying a proposition to change the Constitution
and the form and structure of our federative sys-
tem in its most essential feature? Do you not
wish us to annul the municipal control of each
State over domestic matters? Is your proposition
simply to abolish slavery? Or is it a measure to
invest the Federal Government with authority to
enslave the local white citizen, hold him in vas-
salage to a central power, and assume the right
to dictate to the States what their home policy
shall be on home affairs? In fine, is it not an
abstract schcme to enfranchise the black, who is
really being freed by war, by a total change in
the very genius, soul, and body of our Govern-
ment ?
When you make a request so momentous, may
I not respectfully demand tluit you should fiiot
try, in real, genuine, honest, bona fide earnestness,
to reach the men in the South who are refractory,
insurgent, and belligerent-, that you should en-
deavor to bring them back, if you can, to their
old fealty to an unchanged charter and to an
immutilated Union? Ah! do gentlemen tell me
that such a suggestion is disloyal and traitorous1
Does the gentleman from Pennsylvania charac-
terize it by the oidinary pdlitical language which,
in the heat of party strife and passion, is applied
to the Democratic party ?
He refers to a distinguished journal on the other
side. I refer him now to a journal of the Repub-
lican persuasion, edited by a genfloman now upon
this floor, (Mr. Horace Greeley.)
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman will allow me
to say that when I referred to distinguished jour-
nals they were journals of the Republican and
not of the opposite party.
Mr. COX. I was about to refer to a journal of
that character lo answer the gentleman. When
lie stigmatized gentlemen upon this side with epi-
thets which in decorous debate I will not lepeat,
I ask him to read the New York Tribune of yes-
teiday morning. It is edited by a gentleman
who I now sou in this Chamber conferring with
members on that side in reference to a projet of
peace. [Laughter.] Will he peruse that article
and then reproach the leading editor of his own
patty for holding precisely the same opinions en-
tertained by members unon this side'
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman allow
me?
Mr. COX. In one moment.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not wish to interrupt
the gentleman. I wish merely to say that I know
the opinions of the gentleman to whom reference
is made. He is distinguished, patriotic, able.
He docs not want me to refrain from saying what
I think, and I do not want him not to say what
he thinks. I never agreed with him m reference
to proposing peace.
Mr. COX. I know that the gentleman does not
agree with the " distinguished, patriotic, able"
editor of the New York Tribune; but that same
distinguished, patiiotic, able editor was voted for
by his party foi elector for the State of New Yoik
at large. He will soon cast his vote for the Presi-
dent whom the gentleman has just now so highly
eulogized. And now 1 tell the gentleman from
Pennsylvania that it is hardly consistent or just
for him to speak as he does of my colleague [Mr.
Pendleton] and the party which upheld him; to
characterize members upon this side of the House
as " copperheads" and traitors" because they
have been peacefully inclined at proper times,
on proper occasions, and for patiiotic purposes,
when they only hold to the identical doctrine con-
tained in the NewYork Tiibune, whose editoris
so able and patiiotic! But let the article speak
for itself. 3 will send it to the Clerk's desk to be
read for the information and instruction of gen-
tlemen on that side.
The Cleik read, as follows:
"Our special Wa-hni'iton dispatch gives, we have no
doubt, alon£ with many tuts ot idle the ttue cxpla-
iiatiou ot .Mi. F. i\ Wan abortive trii--ion to\vaid Rich-
mond. The nist of iue nutter that Mi. Ulan, belicumj
tnat he ninrlu, by \1-1t1n2 Richmond, p ivo the way to a
ju>t and lasliim pacification of the country, pioposed to go
iIiimo, and the" Purulent, while lie declined to etve ihe
viMi an official chaiactei, saw no reason foi preventing it.
Mt JBlair, .iccompanied by Iih son Montgomery, act oid-
mqlv icprured to Oeneial Gianl'-: headqirirtei^ belore
Richmond, but was not allowed to proceed further because
the ^ccicury of Wai, believing no good could be ctleetcd
by i is piO[iOM-d conterencc with the confederate chieft,
saw fit to intimate to General Giant thai he did not approve
Mr. Blair's proceeding, nor believe that it could ie*ultin
any good ; which General Grant veiy mutually inteipreiod
as a hint from hi< immediate superior not to allow Mr
Blair to pa^s his lines on his way to Richmond. Mr. Blair
iias thereupon returned, per force, to Washington.
u Assuming this to be substantially the truth of the mat-
ter, we eaunotdoubt that a majority of the American people
will regietMi. StautoiPsdocision. We do not know, and
have at no time felt confident, that the rebels au: yet pie-
pal ed to agieo to any terms of pacification that our Govern-
ment either would or should deem acceptable ; but we can
imagine no possible haim that could result from ascettam-
ing piecisclv what they me icady to do. The lecognized
object of war, at least among civilized and Clnhtiau na-
tions, is an honoiable and satisfactoiy peace; and how are
we to know when thi< end has been lendeted attainable
unlosrf we take fomo means to ascertain ? An established,
i ighltulH constituted Govci nment, combating an aimed and
menacing icbellion, should «tiam eveiy neive to overcome
.it the Cdihest moment the le&isiance it encounters, awl
should not merely welcome hut seek satisfactory (however
uifotmal) assonances that its end has been attained. It
cannot alloid to give countenance to even a giouudicss im-
putation that it ( ontcmplates with satiMaction aeontinu
ance of hostilities for their own sake, on anyg.ound of
meic punctilio, or loi any other le.ison than because it is
compelled, by an ahsoibing icg.ird for the veiy end-. ofiU
existence. In our judgment, thciefore, assuming that we
have a coireet apprehension of the leading facts, Mr. Stan-
ton has inadeagiave mistake, one that"thc eountiy will
not be inclined permanently to acquiesce m."
Mr. COX. Now my friend from Pennsylvania
characterizes the author of that publication as a
distinguished and able patiiot. lie does noteven
now, after hearing the editorial read, withdraw
thatexpression from Mr. Greeley. Yet for hold-
ing and propagating the same opinions held by
the delegates who met at Chicago and nominated
General McClelian; held by my colleague [Mr.
Pendleton] who was on the ticket with him,
enunciated in the letter of acceptance of General
McClclIan when he spoke of " exhausting all the
•resouicos of statesmanship practiced by civilized
nations and taught by the tiadilions of the Amei-
ican people consistent with the honor and inter-
ests of the country, to secure peace and reestab-
lish the Union;" enunciated m that Jotter with
even more emphasis and distinctness than in the
platform adopted at Chicago, and whose tran-
scnpt in letter and spirit js to be found in the
very language of the editor of the New York
Tnbune; for entertaining and stating theseChris-
tian and statesmanlike sentiments, the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania regalds n Republican as
a dihtmiruished patriot but a Democrat as a trai-
torous coppet head."
Why does not the gentleman, who is always
bold and defiant in his expression, denounce that
editor wh© is now confernng with his brother
Republicans about peace? Why docs he not have
the lulesof the House read and diive him as an
interioperfrom this Chamber? [Laughter.] Why
does he confer with Mr. Blair, the supposititious
embassador, who, even now as I speak, is also
present in the Chamber? Why are ye ail in con-
ference here, so suspiciously near and fraternal,
if it is not to carry out the very ideas promul-
gated at Chicago, and for which one million seven
hundred and fifty thousand people m this country
gave their patriotic, votes? Whatanswer can the
gentleman from Pennsylvania make? None, un-
less he heaps reproaches upon his own party and
the very able, distinguished, and patriotic elector,
who will cast his vote for l\Ir. Lincoln, or unless
he withdraws the unhandsome language used by
him toward the Demociatic party and its nomi-
nees.
Mr. Chairman, T am not insensible to theappeal
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania. I answer
his appeal in the name of God and humanity_ to
vote for the abolition amendment by beseeching
him, in the first place, before he asks us to dis-
tuib our political system and the established or-
der, and to change the old ideas and forms con-
nected with municipal liberty,and the legislation
of domestic matters by State soveieignty; before
he a&ks us to change the organic law of this land
for seventy years, I beseech him that he will,
at kast,try to awcet tain, foi mall y or informally,
whether there is any hope of these insurgent
States, yet in most formidable, consuming, and
flagiant war, returning to the 44 established and
rightfully constituted Government.5J I beseech
this in the name of civilization and Christianity—
God and humanity ! I pray for it on behalf of
nearly two million white men who have voted
these enlightened sentiments.
Do you tell me that you will only hear from Mr.
Davis that he will only stand on the independ-
ence of his republic? Very well,let us hear that.
It will be unwelcome; but let us know it. There
is a million of people who believe that Davis and
the men associated with him would treat upon
the basis of the old Union, or at least that how-
ever negotiations might begin, they would thus
terminate. I do not say that 1 believe it. I do
not say that members upon this side believe-it*
but 1 say, in the language of this able, distin-
guished, and patrioticeditor,letusat least"take
some means to ascertain" that fact. Let us dis-
card punctilio and reach the fact. No harm can
come from its ascertainment. If the confederate
president refuses to confer upon the basis of the
unamended Constitution and old Union; if he will
not help to reestablish peace upon the old order,
or at least as near to it as the passion and strife
of men have made it possible and practicable, will
not our knowledge of that fact inspire a more
healthful and united sentiment among the people,
even if it do not influence our votes upon the
amendment as to slavery? Therefore, 1 ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania whether it would
not have been best before he makes these pathetic
appeals in the name of the Father of men and the
God of humanity to have made an attempt by
Christian and rational methods to stanch the
bleeding wounds of the body-politic, to save the
shedding of blood, to stop the increase of taxa-
tion, the accumulation of debt, the destruction of
values, and the everlasting iteration of penal laws
on our Federal statute, to stay, if possible, the
maiming and killing of men, and the tears of
widows and orphans, the desolation by fire and,
sword of our land, and to save, oh ! yes, before it
is too late forever, to save the Union while it may
be worth the saciificcs made for its salvation.
Will ho not give up something on his part ? Give
up hiy doctrine of negro equality ? Give up his
idea of breaking down State institutions by Fed-
eral law?
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman will allow
me to say that I never held, to that doctrine of
negro equality.
Mr. COX. Then I understand the gentleman
from Pennsylvania not to hold that all men are
created equal?
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir, but not equality in
all things;—simply before the laws, nothing else.
Mr. COX. 1 ask the gentleman to give up his
idea of the equality of the black and white laces
before the law.
Mr. STEVENS. I won't do it. [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. When you make such touching
appeals as you have just made to us, may I not
ask you in return, in the name of the white race
of America, to yield something on your part and
in their behalf?
Mr. Chairman, I did intend this morning, had
the opportunity offered, to present some reso-
lutions. I have them here, drawn up in the lan-
guage of the " patiiotic, able, and distinguished''
editor of the New York Tribune. I shall offer
them at a convenient opportunity. I would not
deprive gentlemen upon the other side of a chance
to show their civilization, their Christianity, their
hatred of rapine, desolation, and bloodshed, their
love for the Union and the Constitution, by voting
for at least some effort, as Mr. Greeley recom-
mends, to ascertain the disposition of the insur-
gent States.
I am not clear as to the best mode to ascertain
this disposition. Perhaps it would be best to send
the honorable Mr. Blair and his venerable father
to Richmond. Perhaps it would be best to send
the distinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens.]
Mr. STEVENS. Oh, no; I do not think I
would get hack. [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. I do not know. The gentleman
has such a persuasive way. He can appeal with
such pathos to God and humanity; he would
make such kindly and pious appeals to those in
rebellion against God and humanity, that he might
induce them at least to consider a proposition for
peace, founded upon their oid allegiance.
Mr. Greeley is not specific as to the best way
of ascertaining what we desire; judge ye, there-
