1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
a grant of land to a railway to ran through these
vast spaces of territory. _ We double the price of
what we reserve. W^e give away one half of our
land to a railway and we double the price of the
balance, and we sell it much faster than we should
if we had made no grant at all.
Mr. COWAN. I will ask the honorable Sen-
ator whether that is not an argument in the case
of. mairing a contract; but here is a contract al-
ready made. Take the Illinois Central railroad,
for instance. She has carried, .say $2,000,000
worth for the Government of the United States,
and if she has had $20,000,000 of surplus lands
given her as a consideration for that very car-
riage I suggest whether, after the war is over, it
would not be fair-that she should account for it.
Mr. WILSON. I will come to that in a mo-
ment. Take the case of this great Illinois Cen-
tral railroad. We made a grant to them of a
large amount of land. *1 think we had nine
millioa acres of land there when we made the
grant. We granted to them something over two
million. Within a very short time we were
enabled to bring the balance of our lands into
market, when but for that grant we should not
, have sold them for years, and we have received
' the benefit arising from their sale. The Govern-
ment sold those lands for vastly more than they
would have sold for if they had not made that
grant to the State of Illinois for this railroad. It
was a great thing for the State of Illinois; it was-
a great thing for the Government of the United
States; and it wjs for the benefit of both. In
using these lands to build that railroad we have
added millions upon millions to the productive
wealth of the country and to property in the State
of Illinois, and the Federal Government and the
who'te country have received the benefit. I hold
that that grant to the State of Illinois was one of
the best acts this Government ever made. I t was
for the benefit of Illinois and of every section of
the country and of the Government of the United
States. .
Since that time, we have made grants in Mich-
igan, in Wisconsin, I think,in Iowa, Minnesota,
and Kansas. We have something like fifteen
railroads in the country to which we have made
these land grants; but those gi-ants were not so
valuable to those companies as the grant to the
. State of Illinois. Many of those roads are not
completed; they are in the market for the means
to finish their roads; and this vei*y proposition
made here in Congress has a tendency to prevent
persons loaning their money or investing their
money to finish these roads. If it be understood
'that the Federal Government intends to exact out
of those roads the money paid to them during
the war for doing this sort of work, it will pre-
vent the investment of money in them and the
finishing of the roads.
Mr. COWAN. I ask the Senator which prop-
osition would be most likely to affect the credit
of these roads, the proposition.to pay this money
under protest, as is done by the Secretary, ac-
companied with the threat of an action to recover
the money back, or the proviso as I propose to
modify it, which simply saves the right of both
parties, and leaves the question for future adjust-
ment when the equities can be better known than
now?
Mr. WILSON. 1 will tell the Senator pre-
cisely what I believe equity demands of us to do.
I do not choose to stop here and quibble over the
point—I do not apply that term to the Senator—
whether this grant meant that we should use the
road-bed, the right of way, by our own cars and
our own employes to do this work, qr whether
it meant that we should require thfese corpora-
tions to do the work for the Government. 1 do
not wish to dwell upon that point. There-are
differences of opinion on that subject. Some of
the best lawyers in the country say that it means
one thing, and some say it means the other. I
take it that when we made this bargain it was
expected by the whole country that these rail-
* roads would carry our munitions of war and our
troops; and if the Army had remained as we then
had it, or were likely then to have it, for our In-
dian wars and other matters, 1 think they would
have performed the work and nothing would
have been said about it and they never would have
made any charge against the Government. Eut,
. sir, we made the grant; and what do we now
have? This gigantic rebellion requiring these
roads to do a work that will entirely ruin and
destroy every one of them, unless it be the Illi-
nois Central railroad,if we require them to doit
without pay.
They had better throw up their lands to-day
than undertake to do this work for nothing; and
it is not for the interest of the country to check
the finishing of these roads or to oppress them
in any way. When this great rebellion broke
out the Secretary of War made an arrangement
with the railroad companies of the country to
perform work for the Government at two thirds
of the prices they charged the people of thecoun-
try. That is to say, the rate was fixed in 1861,
when the railroads were doing work cheaper
than they are now, at two cents a mile for pas-
sengers. That was supposed to be a fairarrange-
ftient with the railroads of the country, and they
agreed to do the Government work for just about
two thirds of their ordinary charges. Then the
Department made an arrangement with the land-
grant railroads, making a deduction for the Gov-
ernment of thirty-three and a third per cent, from
these rates. The land-grant railroads therefore do
the work for thirty-three and a third percent,
less-than the other railroads of the country, and
they do it at two thirds of their ordinary charges.
The Illinois Central railroad last year did the
Government woik for half a million dollars less
than the other railroads of the country, which
were not land-grant roads, performed the same
kind of work.
Now, sir, I believe this arrangement to be based
upon justice, and a fair and honest arrangement
for the interest of the land-grant roads, for the in-
terest of the new States, for the interest of the
Government, for the interest of the country. I
believe it is based upon equity and justice. What-
ever provisions we may put into this bill, or any
other bill, I have no idea that we are going to get
any of this money back again. We had better
not delude ourselves witli any such idea. If the
money is once paid to these companies they will
no doubt keep it. As the arrangement which has
been made is a just one, based upon a fair con-
sideration of the case in view of the great burdens
which we have put upon these roads which they
did not expect, and we did not expect, when we
made the grants, and as the land grants have been
made for the benefit of the new States, for the
benefit of all the people East and West, for the in-
terests of the nation,and have added hundreds of
millions of dollars to the wealth of the country;
and as it is for our interest to have these roads
finished, and to deal justly and fairly with them
id view of the burdens putupon them by this war,
I think we had better stand by the arrangement
made by the War Department, which is a fair
one, and let the railroad companies understand,
let the Government understand, let the capitalists
of the country who may be induced to invest in
these new railroad enterprises and to finish them,
understand, that we pay these land-grant railroad
companies thirty-three and one third percent, less
than we pay the other railroads of the country
for the service they do for the Government be-
cause of their land grants. I think we had better
let the arrangement stand, and say nothing about
reserving matters for future trial or for bringing
cases into court. It is not for the interest of the
country to go into court on these questions; it is
not for the interest of the new States; it is not
for the interest of the railroad companies; and I
do not see.that it is for the interest of anybody.
I do not want to see any lawsuits grow out of it.
I think the arrangement made by the War De-
partment, which has gone on from August, 1861,
to the present time—an arrangement made at a
time when the railroads of the country did their
work for less than they do now, because many
of them have advanced their rates of fare and toll,
for passengers and freight, forty and fifty percent.
 had better be continued. 1 think that arrange-
ment is a fair and equitable adjustment between
the Government and the railroad companies who
have received grants of the public land.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I do not deSire
to enter into any elaborate discussion of this
question, but I feel it perhaps due to state that
the same subject which is involved in this amend-
ment offered by the Finance Committee was be-
fore the Committee on Military Affairs, and was
there very elaborately investigated and discussed;
and that committee, after canvassing the matter
very thoroughly, instructed its chairman to offer,
an amendment to this pending bill similar'to tha-
amendment which has already been offered by the
chairman of the Committee on Finance. In other ..
words, the Military Committee decided that it
was best to leave the matter as it now stands,
and tinder the arrangement and adjustment which;
has been made by tire War Department.
1 may state also in this connection, that while
the Committee on Military Affairs did not concur
fully in that view which was presented, that thfe
language of the grants which required transport^
tion free of toll by these'eom| anies involved the
idea that the transportation should be made by
the conveyances of the United States, and that
they were simply to use the road or railway, but
believed on the contrary that the language Was
intended and designed to cover the transportation
by the company through their own modes or
conveyance, and that was what the language was.'
placed m the law for, yet they thought there was.
an interior equity in the case which should be
considered by the Government as it is accus-
tomed to consider matters of- this sort. That
equity was this: that when the grant was made
it was never contemplate# that such a use shoulu
be made of these roads as is now being made.
In other words, it was never in contemplation
that the whole running stock and rolling stock of
the roads should be used in, the transportation of
Government freight and of Government, troops,. ,
but it was designed simply to cover the case of
the ordinary transportation ofthe Army stores of
the Government. The committee were confirmed'
in that view by the fact that the law, where it re-
cites this transient transportation, which was
presumed to occur now and' then, of troops and'
munitions of war, says it shall be free from toll,,
and where it relates to the mail service of the.
United States, which was evidently to be an.
onerous service and a continuous service, it is,
there provided that payment shall' be made to the:
company. ■
These were the considerations that moved the
Committee on Military Affairs to instruct its;
chairman to move this amendment. It has not
been necessary, however, to do so„as the same
amendment comes from the Finance Committee.
1 have simply felt it due -to the Military Com-
mittee to make this statement in their behalf.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Harbis ia
the chair.) The question is on the amendment,
offered by the Senator from Pennsylvania,-[Mr,.
Cowan.) _ ,
Mr. HENDERSON. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted, but that the proviso will be
stricken out according to the report of the Com-
mittee on Finance. 1 think it is unnecessary to>
declare here that we intend in the future to collect
tin's money from these railroad companies. I do-
not believe that the Government will do it, audit
is unnecessary to make such a declaration unless,
we intend to carry it out. _
I do not know how a proposition of this char-
acter will operate on all roads, but I can state to
Senators that its operation will be very injurious-
on some of the roads-in my State. I will instance
the Pacific railroad, acompany chartered to build. ,
a road from St. Louis to Kansas City. That com--
panywas chartered some years ago. Afterward
a grant of land was made to the State of Missouri
to aid in the construction of a railroad from St,
Louis to the southwest boundary of the State,
The Legislature of Missouri granted the lands,,
that had been so given to the State for the purpose
of aiding in the construction of that road, to the
Pacific Railroad Company to build it. The line of
road from St. Louis to Kansas City has been con-
structed for a distance, I think, of about one hun-
dred and eighty-nine or one hundred and ninety
miles. No lands whatever of that grant have been
used in the construction of that mam line; but
since the grant was made to the company for the
construction ofthe southwest branch railroad, 1
believe they have constructed of that southwest
branch some thirty-seven or thirty-eight miles,,
from Franklin to Rolla, in the direction of Spring-
field.- . • ,
Now, if this section he not stricken out, what ^
will be the effect upon that company! The whole
line of road from St. Louis in the direction of -
Kansas City will be required to carry freight for
the Government without receiving a dollar. The:
road is not entirely completed to .Kansas-City- v
