THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
<>£ 
TIIE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY F. & J. RIVES, WASHINGTON, P..C- ::
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1865.
New-Semes No. 57.
way, but it will show them that the Government
of the country in this exigency of our finances
,cares something for them.  
Mr. RIDDLE* I wish to ask a question of
the Senator from Massachusetts, the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs. ,It is gener-
ally known that I am disposed to be liberal in my
-votes in regard to the compensation of all officers
of the Government; but I wish to ask the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts what, is the compensation
of a paymaster in Washington, including the
privileges and emoluments which he enjoys.
Mr. WILSON. I have not calculated the fig-
ures, but it is a major's pay, with commutation
for fuel and quarters in the city of Washington,
which is higher than anywhere else in the coun-
try. Many of the paymasters, portions of the
time, have no fuel and quarters.
Mr. RIDDLE. I am told it is $3,GOO a year.
Mr. WILSON. I do not know.
Mr- RICHARDSON. I concur fully in the
views expressed by the Senator from Massachu-
setts in reference to these officers not in the line.
-Many of your paymasters handle millions per
annum. They are very poorly paid; they are
going Out of the service, as he says, every day;
you are losing the bestof them, and thereasbn is
that they are not paid enough. The bestmode of
compensating them, in my opinion, would be to
pay them a small percentage upon their disburse-
ments, so that the officer who transacted a large
amount of business would receive more compen-
sation than one who did no business; and so it
ought to be in reference to the quartei masters and
the commissaries. If you retain competent and
proper officers to manage these most important
departments of the Army you will have to in-
crease the pay of the paymasters, the quarter-
masters, and the commissaries more than the offi-
cers of the line. At one time in our history, I
believe, we paid a percentage to our paymasters.
That plan has been long discontinued, but I believe
it is the bestmode of payment; you might make the
amount small, but an officer who handles a laige
amount of money should receive compensation in
proportion to that amount. With your present
compensation to your paymasters, and quarter-
masters, and commissaries, you get rid of the best
as fast as they can resign and get out of the ser-
vice, and retain only the most indifferent.
The PRESIDENT})^ tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Wis-
consin [Mr. Howe] to theamendmentoftheSen-
ator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson.] The
Senator from Wisconsin moves to amend the
amendment by inserting the words" now in com-
mission" after the word " volunteers."
The amendment to the amendment was adopted.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to—
ayes twenty-four, noes not counted.
Mr. WILSON. I now offer the following, as
an additional section:
Sec. —. Jtml be it further enacted. That commissioned
officers of the Army, serving in the field, shall hereafter be
permuted to purchase lations foi their own use, on credit,
trom any comniis-s'nry of suh-;isfence,.at cost prices, and
the amount due for rations so purchased shall bo reported
monthly to the Paytnastei General, to be deducted from the
payment next following such purchase. And the Secre-
tary of War is hereby directed to issue such orders and
regulations as he may deem best calculated to insure the
proper ob ervance hereof.
I will say, in explanation of the amendment,
that if this provision had been in existence dur-
ing the war it would have saved millions of dol-
lars to the Government of the United States. It
will cost nothing whatever; we shall not lose a
dollar by it; butl think we shall gain agreatdeal
by it annually. Besides that, it will be a great
relief to our Army officers, some of whom have
k not now been paid for six months. They pur-
' chase now by paying the cash to the commis-
saries, and the commissaries pay the money into
.the Treasury of the United States. If they are
honest men they pay the whole of it; if they are not
honest they pay as much of it as they choose to
payintotho Treasury. Itissaid—Idonotknow
whether it is true or not—that there are some com
57
missaries who have made a great deal of money
during this war in this way. I know none such.
Mr. GRIMES. Permit me to inquire if these
are the same commissaries whom the Senator has
just proposed to give three months' extra pay to
in order to keep them in the service.
Mr. WILSON. I do not say that this is true,
but such representations are made. I know of no
such officer myself, but it is evident that it is pos-
sible the thing may be done. This amendment
provides for exactly what is done in the case of
a sick officer. An officer wounded or sick comes
up from the front and goes to Annapolis, or any
of your hospitals; he has no money; the Gov-
ernment furnishes him his support and charges
him one dollar a day, and it is charged on his
account and deducted from his pay. The Gov-
ernment has not lost a dollar from the beginning
of the war in that way, and cannot lose a dollar
by this provision.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Allow me to ask a ques-
tion. I.f I understand the amendment correctly,
the only change is that it allows the officer to buy
upon credit instead of requiring him to pay cash
down.
Mr. WILSON. That is all. The thing is
precisely this: the officer purchases with money
now if he has it or can borrow it from his asso-
ciates or getitfrom home, when the Government
has not paid him for a long while; and many of
the officers now have not a dollar and have not
had forsometime. They purchase from the com-
missary and pay the money to ther commissary,
and the commissary pays it over to the Govern-
ment. If you adopt this provision, the officer will
purchase what he desires of the commissary, who
will charge it on his account and turn theaccount
over to the paymaster, and the paymaster will
take it out of his pay. There is not a chance of
losing a dollar by it. On the contrary, if there is
an opportunity on the partof the commissaries to
keep any of this money now, it cuts that up root
and branch. I am told by men who understand
this matter and know all about it that in their
opinion it will save a great deal of money to the
Treasury of the United States, and there is not
an opportunity to lose anything whatever. If a
man dies, the money is not lost. There is no
chance of losing it any more than there is in your
hospitals where you are doing the same thing
every day in regard to hundreds of officers.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Allow me to suggest to
the Senator that the amount whieh an officer may
buy in this way ought to be limited. The amend-
ment, as I understand it, now is without limita-
tion in that respect; but perhaps it is contemplated
that it may be limited by regulation.
Mr. WILSON. The amendment provides that
the Secretary of War may make such regulations
as he deems proper to ca^ry the provision into
^Mr. RICHARDSON. That is right.
Mr. WILSON. At the present rates of things
at the front, an officer is not likely to buy more
than he can help. 1 have before me a list of the
prices now charged to officers in the army of the
Potomac—ham 25 cents a pound;coffe'e 55cents;
tea $1 35;sugar 25cents; potatoes $1 50a bushel;
pork 18 cents a pound; beef 20 cents; and so on.
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 am in favor of the
proposition. It is a needful one, I think.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I desire to be allowed at
this time to offer a resolution. I send it to the
Chair to be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Whereas in a speecli recently delivered by Hon. Albert
G. Brown, late a member of tins body and now a member oi
the confederate congress, as repo.ted in the New York
Herald of the 14th instant, the following statement is
'"^Stanton, the last of this ignoble tuo of blaiant Demo-
crats, alone remains'1 
Mr. SHERMAN. It is manifest that enough
of that ha3 been read to show that it cannot be
received•
Mr WILSON. I object to the resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection be-
ing made, it cannot he received at this time,'tii.e
Army appropriation bill being under" considera-
tion.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I give notice that I shall
offer my resolution at the earliest opportiihity,, ■
Mr. WILSON. I move further to amend the
bill by adding the following'as a new section:" '
Sec. —. */3nd be it further enacted, That the President of
the United States may appoint, in addition to the number
of cadets heretofore authorized by law, ffom among the or-
phan children of officers or soldiers wi)o have been or may
be killed in battle, or who have died or may die of disease
Incurred m the line of duly during the present rebellion, two
cadets for each Stale rcpiesented in Congress, who shall
be actual residents of the State for which thpy may be ap-
pointed^? and fifty cad<*stohe jippointed from the military
forces of the United States, regular and volunteer, who
shall have servedTor a period of not less than nine months.
Mr. SHERMAN. It seems to me that this
amendment is open to serious objectioiiybecaue®
of the unequal distribution of these am^lhtmeht^.
It gives to each State^wo cadets.. Xhc Stnui of
Delaware, with a coSmaratively'Mftall. popula-
tion, would, have as rarnr as the^tate of Ne\^r
York. It is, unjust, I thWc, to ttjflarger States,
and I cannot .vote for it.VSensBrs.&re not al-
lowed to designate cadets befcau® of the inequal-
ity between the large and sma^jptates that would
be the result of their doing so. I should like my-
self to nominate a cadet now; but members of
the Senate have no power to do it,and the reason
which has been always given is that to allow Sen-
ators to nominate cadets would be to make thp
matter unequal, and the benefits of the West
Point Academy ought to be distributed accord-
ing to population. This amendment introduces
a new system in regard to the appointment of
cadets at West Point wlucli 1 think very im-
proper, and of which States like New York, Penn-
sylvania, Ohio, and Massachusetts would have
a just right to complain.
Mr. WILSON. It is estimated that we can
increase the number of cadets to four hundred
with the present conveniences we have at West
Point; that if we do so we shall not' have to in-
crease our accommqdations there in any respect
The increase now proposed, if the whole coun-
try was represented in Congress, would givu
about three hundred and ' seventy-five .cadets.
We have proposed several times that the Sena-
tors shall appoint cadets, and I do not think that
proposition was ever voted down because of the
inequality of it, but rather 011 the ground of the
inconvenience to Senators. Every effort has been
made to improve the present system of appoint-
ment. A year or two ago we proposed, 1 think, to
allow some to be made by Senators andOrovernors
of the States, and to authorize the President to
make more appointments. We proposed several
modes, none of which were accepted. Now,
it is proposed that fifty cadets, two from each
State, shall be appointed by the President from
the orphan children of the officers and soldiers
who have fallen in the war, and that fifty shall
be appointed by the President from the ranks of
the Army. I think the arrangement ia a good
one. If Senators say it is not equal to give two
to each State, I am willing to strike that provision
out, and let the appointments be made wherever
the President chooses to make them* in the coun- ,
trlMr, HOWARD. I hope this amendment wilt
not be adopted, for the reasons urged against it
by the honorable Senator from Ohio. The opera-
tion of it will be so unequal and so unjust as to
make the School even more odious than it is at
present. I think the time is not far distant when
Congress will find it necessary to take the sub-
ject of the West Point Academy in hatid,ttnd
make some radical improvements in the whola
system. I hope to see that day , and I expect to
see it; but I cannot vote for this amendment of
the Senator from Massachusetts; it is entirely un-
equal, and therefore very objectionable.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr.SPRA.GCJE. 1 offerthefoliowingamead-
ment as an additional section:
Jintl be it further enmteil, Tltat ail chaplains in the mili-
tary semes ot the United Stales shall, wJmb i«aoue&ble.
