132
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
power is in us, we are not discharged of that re-
sponsibility until we have applied that power and
corrected#the abuse. So long, therefore, as the
committee tell me that the abuse exists, and tell
me that by my vote I may correct it, I feel called
upon to give my vote so that it will correct it.
But it is said that it is doing great injustice to
those officers whose commissions will be taken
away from them by the passage of this bill; it is
said that it subjects them to the arbitrary control
of corps, division, and army commanders, and
of the Secretary of War. I conceive that it does
no such thing. A division commander may arbi-
trarily and irrationally deprive the commander of
a brigade of his command temporarily, but that
order of his is not final; the President can correct
it; and if the brigadier desires to retain his com-
mission he has only to appeal to the Commander-
. in-Chief of the Army, and if he is fitted for it his
command is given to him, which saves him from
the operation of this bill.
They talk to us very touchingly about the dis-
grace to which officers arc to be subjected by be-
ing hurled out of the Army under the iron rule of
an act of the Legislature. Sir, when does disgrace
fall upon an officer? Is it when he is struck from
the pay-roll, or when he is struck out of the ser-
vice of the Government? Is it when the paymas-
ter says to him " I can give you your salary no
longer," or is it when his superior officer tells him
" You are no longer fit to command the armies of
the United States?" Ishould suppose timtan offi-
cer who was built upon the proper model would
think that the last disgrace had fallen upon him
when he was dismissed from his command; when
he was told finally by ultimate authority that he
was notfit to command. And I want to say further,
that according to my understanding of the thing,
the man who will submit to hold a commission
and to draw his pay month after month and year
after year after he has been told by the Govern-
ment that he is not fit for the command that his
rank would otherwise entitle him to, is not fit to
hold any commission in the Army of the United
States. If he has a proper spirit, when he is told
authoritatively by the Government that he can-
not be allowed to serve in its armies, he will tell
the Government"! do not any longer want your
pay."
This is no fanciful rule of action. I have seen
it illustrated in the course of (Ins war, and I take
pleasure in saying that I know to-day of one of-
ficer who resides in the State of Wisconsin who
once held the commission of a major general in
your armies, who led your arms to victory at
luka—a man without a bad habit and almost with-
out a weakness in his profession, educated to the
profession of arms, as gallant a man as I know—
in point of fact weighing not less than one hun-
dred and eighty-five pounds of concentrated chiv-
alry and capacity; .but the command of the very
troops that he had led to victory was taken away
from him. I think it was a grave error of judg-
ment, not a muiieious one, by any manner of means;
but the command was taken away from him, and
when he was told by the Government thathewas
not suitable to command, he told the Government
that he was not worthy of their puy, and he tend-
ered his resignation at once, which was accepted.
{ think any officer who feels accurately what be-
longs to his position would take the same course.
Uut what is the injustice that can be done?
First, he is dismissed trom his command. He is
earning nothing for the Government. This bill,
if it is enacted, proposes then to take away from
him his commission. What does that do? It
does not disgrace him, as I have said, because the
disgrace has already been inflicted upon him. It
takes away from him the responsibilities of an
officer; it remits him to his usual employment, his
usual avocation. It says to him, " You are no
longer under any obligation to serve the Govern-
mentof the United States, and therefore the Gov-
ernment of the United States does not pay you
anymore; go about your own pursuits." What
is the injustice done him in the matter of dollars
and centss? Youdeprivehimsimply of that exccss
which the Government pays him as a brigadier or
major general over what he can earn as a private
citizen. F believe that pretty much all of them
tell us that they could earn a great deal more in
private life than they get from the Treasury, and
pretty much all of them tell us that they want
their compensation increased. "Upon their own
theory, you are doing them only solid, substantial
justice by saying to them " We will not keep you
on our rolls any longer, we will not hold you under
any obligation to serve us any longer; go about
your own work, attend to your own business,
make your own fortunes."
There is, therefore, no disgrace possible under
the operations of the act, and, as it seems to me,
no injustice of any kind possible under the opera-
tions of it. It will terminate that which the com-
mittee tell us is still a crying abuse, and is the only
way we do absolutely know in which that abuse
can be terminated. And yet Senators reason that
no sort of responsibility attaches to them in the
premises, although they may vote down a measure
that will put an end to the very evil of which we all
have so much reason to complain. I think I shall
feel better satisfied with my own course if I vote
in favor of the passage of the bill which will end
the evil, rather than vote against it.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I occupy the
same position with the Senator from Wisconsin
who has just taken his seat. I will vote for this
measure. I believe that Congress has unques-
tionable power to pass it, and that Congress ought
to pass it. Ithas been agood while since 1 looked
at that portion of our legislative history to which
I am about to refer; but, according to my recol-
lection, some time after the close of the last war
with Great Britain Congress by. its legislation
provided for the reduction of the United States
Army. At that time we had two major generals,
General Brown and General Jackson; and the
legislation of Congress was in such form that it
arraigned General Jackson out of his office. That
is my recollection; but I may not be entirely ex-
act in relation to the facts. But, sir, I find in the
Constitution this clause giving plain power to
Congress to act upon the subject:
The Congrevss shall have power to make rules for the
government and regulation of the land and naval forces."
Now, sir, what would be the cffect of this bill
if it were to pass? It would be simply to estab-
lish an additional rule and regulation for the gov-
ernment of the Army. It would provide that if
a general officer is out of service for a certain
length of time (and if the time named is too short
it may be extended) the President shall be re-
quired to dismiss him from the service. It is ad-
mitted on all hands that this bill if passed will rid
the Army and the Government of a large num-
ber of incompetent officers. If that would be the
result it certainly ought to pass. Those officers
were incompetent at the beginning; they are in*
competent now. Their incompetence was just as
well known when they were appointed as it is at
this time. They were not appointed for military
reasons, but they were appointed for political effect.
The case, though, is stronger against them, be-
cause they have demonstrated in repeated fields of
practical failure their utter incompetence for their
commands;and notwithstanding the dishonor that
is brought upon a high and chivalrous soldier, ac-
cording to the principle suggested by the Senator
from Wisconsin, by having his name withdrawn
from the list of high officers m actual command,
they have had the callousness to hold on to their
commissions and to their stations merely for emol-
ument, regardless of the true honor of a soldier.
Now, I say that these men ought to be reached;
they oughtto Re displaced from positionsin which
they are drawing high salaries, and which they
are altogether incompetent to fill.
I concede that the President had the power be-
fore "the passage of the law adverted to by the
honorable Senator from Indiana to dismiss these
men from office. I think so; not by any legisla-
tion, I admit, but I maintain that he had the
power as Commander-in-Chief. Waiving, how-
ever, that point, the act to which my honorable
friend has referred gives him the plain and un-
questioned right to dismiss these men. Heought
to have done so before this. It was incumbent
upon him to do so, I think, in the proper per-
formance of his duty. It was his own act that
placed incompetentmen in office; and when their
incompetence was demonstrated by repeated fail-
■ ures, and the Congress of the United States had
j authorized and instructed him by u positive law
j to dismiss them from office, he ought to have
| stood up to the performance of his duty, and he
oughtto have dismissed them from offices which
they were unable to fill.
Sir, I wish this measure could have a more
speedy operation, and I would like to have it ap-
ply to some men who have been in the service
for the last three mbnths, as well as some who
have been out of it. The great incompetent,
whose cowardice and want of military capacity
has brought nothing but discomfiture and dis-
honor upon his country's arms from the battle of
Big Bethel to the siege of Fort Fisher, ought to
walk the plank under some such regulation as
this; and not only he, but many others.
I think that the members of the House of Rep-
resentatives who got up this measure,and whose
persevering advocacy succeeded in passing it
through that House, deserve the commendation
of Congress and of the country; and instead of
the bill being postponed indefinitely, I think it
ought to be taken up and passed by the Senate.
And, sir, I am in favor of it for a greater and a
much more important consideration than any
which has yet been adverted to. The Congress
of the United States have the power to raise and
disband armies; they have the power to authorize
and to create offices; they have the power to abol-
ish those offices, and to remove, by the abolition
of an office, the officer from it. They have a right,
by their repeal of laws passed, or by a modifica-
tion of existing laws, to disband armies, and, in
my judgment, it is going to become the most mo-
mentous question of the day, of the country,and
of the Government, how far this power of dis-
banding armies shall be exercised by Congress.
The time is approaching, I hope, when we shall
have peace in the land, when the rebellion will
be put down, when the authority of the United
States will be reasserted jn all the States and in
every square foot of territory ofthe United States.
When that time comes it will leave in the field and
in the service of the nation from half a million to
a million of men in arms. How can you, safe'y
for the country, safely for its liberties, for its Con-
stitution,and fonts Government,and for the pub-
lic welfare,disband such a vast army? It is one
of t4ie gravest questions, in my judgment, that
will commend itself hereafter to the serious atten-
tion of American statesmen and legislators.
We all know the espril du corps of military men.
We all know how the officers and soldieis of an
army become attached to their profession, and the
feeling is now growing and being consummated
in the country that the Army is the profession of
the men who now constitute it. They are look-
ing to it for their future support. The officers are
looking to it for promotion, for additional author-
ity and compensation and consideration by pro-
motion. The privates and all who are attached
to the Army are looking to it as their profession,
distinct from the other professions in the country.
They are looking to it as a matter in which they
have a peculiar interest, an interest steady, chiv-
alrous, and persevering as that which has always
characterized the votaries of all the armies of all
the countries of the earth to their profession, to
their army.
I want the Congress of the United States to
familiarize themselves with the power by its exer-
cise. I want them to understand and appreciate
that they have an unlimited discretion and right
to legislate in relation to the Army, and in relation
to the repeal of laws authorizing the organization
ofthe Army, either in its men or its officers,and
a full right to pass laws to dispose of that Army
and to disband it by the peaceful legislation of the
law-making power. The time is coming when
that power will have to be exercised; and whether
it will be permitted by the Army to be peacefully
exercised for the good of the country and the
maintenance in perpetuity of theGovernmentand
the liberties of the people is a question that is
fraught with immense doubt and difficulty in my
mind, and X fear that that doubt and difficulty will
become practical and obvious to the whole land
in the course of a very few years.
I have merely adverted to this as the leading
idea upon which I am induced to give my support
to this measure. If the measure is wrong in any
of its details, if it will work injustice or injury to
meritorious men, let the bill be referred bacK to the
same committee or to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, and there let it be amended so that no such
injurious results to individuals can arise from it.
But, sir, when the country is about to come into
a condition where the principle involved in this
measure will be of immeasurable importance to
gur Government and people, to give it the go-by
