1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
States a right to use the road, and to deny them
the right to have the use of the locomotives and
cars, would destroy the very purpose.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not express any
opinion conclusively arrived at as to the proper
construction of this act, but-the language itself
gives to the Government the use of the road, and
the Senator from Maryland thinks that that car-
ries with it the use of the rolling stock. But, sir,
in what I have to say on this subject I do not in-
tend to discuss it with .reference to the strict con-
struction: of this language; the question is, what
is fair? The Department has adopted a policy
which I think is a fair policy. I do not under-
take to say that thirty-three per cent, is the exact
deduction that ought to be made. I do not un-
dertake to say that the same deduction ought to
be made in the State of Missouri that should be
made in the State of Illinois in view of the grant
that was made to the roads in the different States;
but that an arrangement ought to be made between
the Government and the companies with a view
to the business that the Government now requires,
taken in connection with the grant that the Gov-
ernment has made and also the contribution made
by the stockholders to the construction of the
road, is fair and right. I think* there are equities
in the present condition of the country that ought
to be respected,and I think tlicWar Department
has attempted to respect these equities.
It is suggested that the War Department has
merely paid under protest. If this law is to be
strictly construed, and it carries the right to use
the rolling stock as well as the road, then the
Secretary of War had no right to pay anything,
and he has made a payment without authority of
law, and his protest amounts to nothing. If his
protest means anything it means " I am paying
money here without authority of law, and I pro-
test againstmy own acts;" so I choose to consider
his protest as amounting to nothing, and as not
affecting the arrangement made upon equitable
principles between him and these companies.
Now, sir, what did the Government give to these
railroads? Take the original grant to the State of
Illinois, made in 1850, take the grants that have
been made to other States, and as the grant was
then made it was not of much value. The giant
to the State of Illinois was of a wilderness, if I
may so express it, of prairie land; a country that
was not being settled; a country that could not
be settled; so far from the timber that without
a railroad that land must have lain waste to
this d-ay. The land itself did not and could not
build the road. Private individuals had to fur-
nish the means, and then the road was built; and
then the lands not only of the State became of
value, but the reserved sections of the Govern-
ment, for the first time in their history, became
of value. What is a quarter section of land worth
a hundred miles out in a prairie? You might as
well ask me what a quarter section of the ocean is
worth a hundred miles from the coast. It cannot
be used; it cannot be occupied; fuel cannot be car-
ried there except by theuse of a railroad. Then
this land was comparatively valueless; butassoon
as a railroad is constructed through it, that land,
the reserved sections that were worth nothing to
the Government, that she could not sell, became
worth $2 50 an acre, and she realized on them.
She did in the case of Illinois and in the case of
other States; she gets dollar for dollar what all
the lands were worth before she made the grant.
Under her policy the lands were worth $1 25 an
acre, but when the grant is made and a railroad
is constructed the reserved sections are worth
$2 50, and sell readily for that. My own obser-
vation of the fact is that these lands were sought
for, and there was quite a controversy along the
line of the Central tailroad of Illinois to secure
the lands at $2 50 an acre—lands that the Gov-
ernment never could have sold, many of them,
except for the construction of this road. Then,
I say, the Government is benefited as well as the
State. The Government in fact contributes noth-
ing, for she gets $2 50 per acre for half of her
land, instead §1 25 an acre for the whole.
The truth of the business, I believe, is thatCon-
gress, when this law was passed, had not much
reference to the particular language that was
adopted. It was supposed, I have no doubt, that
the Government would have some use for the
road, and provision was made that the railroad
company should be required to accommodate the
Government; but it was never thought at that time
that the country would be in such a condition as
that the Government would require a greater use
of the road than ail the other interests of the coun-
try put together.
Now, what is fair in this matter? Take the
great Central road of Illinois as an example. Its
entire capacity is taxed to carry the troops and
munitions of war of the Government. Is' it fair
toward the stock that was subscribed by indi-
viduals to say that the road shall be taken en-
tirely for the use of the Government, and that no
compensation shall be made to the men who have
invested their money, along with the money that
was realized from the sale of the granted lands?
I say it is not equitable, it is not just, and I think
the arrangement the War Department has at-
tempted to make is a fair arrangement.
But, sir, I do not wish to see the enterprise that
the Government within the last year have en-
couraged entirely defeated. At the last session
you granted lands to the State of Wisconsin for
the purpose of constructing roads through that
densely timbered land in the northern portion of
that State; you have extended the grants in Min-
nesota I believe; peihaps in Kansas also. Now
let it be understood that the Government has a
right to appropriate the enthe toad, to cut off the
revenues of all other stockholders, and is it possi-
ble for these enterprises in the present embar-
rassed condition of the country to be a success?
I think the Government has a large interest in the
construction of these roads through the West, and
I do not think a policy ought to be adopted or a
construction given to this language which will de-
feat the purposes of the grants of the last session.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I am bound to
say, with all respect to the oiigm of this proviso,
that I regard it as the most monstrous one I ever
found in a bill before this body. It declares " that
no money appropriated by this act shall be used
for the purpose of paying any railway company
for the transportation of property or troops of the
United States, when such company may have ac-
cepted a grant of lands from Congress on condi-
tion of furnishing said transportation free of toll
or other charge, except in such oases as have been
modified by act of Congress." Perhaps I ought to
apologize for saying that it was absolutely mon-
strous, because it is not very certain that the effect
which it was expected that this proviso would
have will actually be realized. I do not know
that there is a company in the United States which
.ever has accepted a grant of land from Congress
%pou the condition of furnishing transportation
free of toll. Congress has made to various States
grants of land upon the reserved condition that
the road should be a highway free fiom toll for the
transportation of Governmenttroops or property;
but I do conceive that there is a vast difference
between declaring a railroad to be a public high-
way free of toll and declaring that the company
which owns the highway shall become forward-
ers and shall transport Government troops and
property free.
Mr. COLLAMER. I ask the gentleman
whether, if they did not have any grant on such
a condition, they would be foreclosed by the pro-
viso.
Mr. HOWE. It was that very doubt I sug-
gested, whether the proviso, if it were enacted,
would have the effect which it is designed to have.
If I am right in my construction of the grant, it
clearly would not; nevertheless, in that case it
would do no good but it would do a great deal of
hurt, because it would create this contest between
the Government and the companies; it would raise
this cloud upon their titles; it would involve them
peihaps in litigation; it might have all the disas-
trous effects upon the companies that the proviso
would have if properly drawn. It might cripple
them and disable them from going on with their
business, and yet the Government might after all
have to pay for the transportation of their troops.
Mr. President, if I am wrong on the point of
law i cannot be wrong upon the point of what is
equity and fair dealing. If there is to be found
in these grants a contract, not that the State should
leave the road open as a highway, but a contract
that the company which might be employed to
administer the grant should be forwarders and
transporters of Government products, it is still, I
gay, unconscionable to enforce it upon these roads
j under the present condition of affairs. When
these grants were made, your Army .consisted of
about thirteen thousand meivjithas during this wiyr
sometimes reached a million. A contract to furnish
transportation for those troops, and the supplies
necessary for their support, is a very different thing
from saying that they will still furnish transpor-
tation for the troops and supplies when the Gov-
ernment shall have turned the whole population
of the Union into troops and shall have become
the purchasers of the whole products of the nation
to supply them. The transportation -which me
"Government could ever require for the Army we
then had was trifling in ampiint; it coul$ imposie
no great hardship upon any company to under-
take to furnish that; but in 'the. altered state of
things which we now find, to enforce that?ame
contract is a great haidship. I believe the Gov-
ernment does not stand on any contract made two
years ago, as prices then were, does not attempt
to enforce any of those contracts now; certainly
not where there are any other alleviating circum-
stances to relieve against the hardship. There is
no private contractor that could stand up under
such contracts. I know of none.
I am therefore, Mr. President, entirely opposed
to the proviso. The amendment which is offered
to the proviso and which is the pending question,
I understand proposes to allow the Government
to go on and pay these companies under the pres-
ent arrangement, but to still hold out the intimation
that'it is not after all a payment, but only a loan
to the companies, and that the Government re-
serves the right to recall that loan'whenever it
sees fit to do so. Thus, as was said by I think
the Senator from Indiana just now, you do not
relieve the Government from any disbursement,
whereas you do impose all the hardships on the
companies and all the danger to the enterprises
still on foot.
Mr. COLLAMER. I inquire whether that is
not the present condition of things. Is not the
payment made under protest?
Mr. HOWE. No, Mr. President,I think it is
not precisely the condition of things under the
present mode of payment. I understand there
js a contract between the Secretary of War and
these companies by which the Secretary of War
stipulates to pay them sixty-six and two thirds
per cent, of the ordinary price awarded to other
companies.
Mr. COLLAMER. He pays under protest.
Mr. IIOWE. 1 understand that the Secretary
of War assumes to pay that under protest, or as
he calls it under protest, by which I understand
him to say that he does not mean himself to fore-
close any right the Government may have under
the original grant, but to let the case stand. The
companies, in consideration of the conditions of
the grants, relinquish voluntarily thirty-three and
a third percent., and the Secretary acting for the
Government pays them sixty-six and two thirds
per cent, of the ordinary price; and he accompa-
nies that by the declaration that he does not mean
to foreclose the rights of the Government under
the grant, which lie could not do. What possi-
ble effect his protest can have on the character of
that payment, or the fact of that payment, I do
not understand;but if it has any effect whatever,
it is mischievous, I think, and only mischievous,
and I would not Idee to have the Congress of the
United States do a thingor sny a word to increase
the mischiefs. I think it is mischievous, because
I think it is holding out a distinct threat that a
hardship may be enforced hereafter. - What wilt
be the effect of it,and the only possible effect? If
there is any one company or any two or thiee
companies doing a large amount of forwarding
for the Government, so that they will be advanced
under this proviso as amended millions, it is held
out to the public as a debt constantly accumulat-
ing against that company; and whfm it gets up to
the sum of millions what is the condition of the
company? It is advertised as a bankrupt, and it
becomes the merest piece of stock-jobbing in the
world. The only chore to be done then is far
enterprising men enough to get hold of the stock
to make it an object to bring it up again to par,
and to let your Legislatuie confront the holders
of that stock and then see which is the strongest,
whether you will enforce the debt or will release
the debt. That is the only effect, as I conceive,
that it can possibly have, ^ -
I believe it is honest to pay these companies.
The Senator from Indiana has told you i
