1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
183
by an indefinite postponement would in my judg-
ment be eminently unjust both to the country and
to Congress. *
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I was
gratified when the committee made this report. I
had hoped that it would haye satisfied the judg-
ment of the distinguished Senator from Kentucky
[Mr. Davis] in favor of the motion made by the
Senator from Massachusetts. I always listen to
the Senator from Kentucky with pleasure, but
the argument which he has presented has failed
to satisfy me that the committee in their recom-
mendation are wrong. Indeed, I think the Sen-
ator lias met his own argument. He says that
the officers coming within the provisions of this
bill who are found unworthy of the public service
ought to be immediately dismissed. Thatisveiy
true; all Senators will agree to that proposition;
but is the Senator right sure that officers not qual-
ified for the rank which they have attained ax*e
found in larger numbers outof service than those
having commands at this time?
The Senator has illustrated to some extent by
a reference to a very distinguished military com-
mander who sent a force to Bethel and recently
commanded at Fort Fisher, and the Senator says
that that commander ought to be dismissed from
the service. 1 am not going to controvert his
position in that regard; but this bill will not reach
him. This bill will not reach another distinguished
commander who lost an army in the department
of Louisiana last year under circumstances that
shocked the whole country. This bill will not
reach another commander wearing one star that
I know of, who has two or three times been
ordered to the front, as is understood, yet, be-
cause he could command apolitical influence heie
in Washington, has been allowed to disclmige
duties that ought to be discharged by a provost
marshal alone for two years since he has been
made biigadier. I think, sir, if we run over the
whole list of officers we shall find more men who
have been able to command political power and
influence enough to hold them in command than
men outof command to-day who are unfit for the
service.
1 understand thatpriorto 1862 the President of
the United States possessed the power to dismiss
from the Army any officer, but the usage had been
so uniform that the President should not so dismiss
except upon a finding of a court-martial or couit
of inquiry, that ltbecamealmostthe common law
of the Army, and the President dared not, in the
presence of the Army dismiss a man without the
support of the finding of some military court.
The act of 1862 was intended to relieve him from
that embarrassment, as I understand, and to allow
him arbitrarily, and without reason, to dismiss an
officer from the public service. That power has
been exercised. It is now possessed to the
broadest extent. I dare say that Senators at the
time observed the remarkable exercise of this
power in respect to a lieutenant m New Hamp-
shire. I happen to have in my drawer the order:
War Department, Adjutazsi General's Office,
Washington, March 13, 1863.
[Special Ordfi, IVo. 119.]
33. By direction of the President the following officers
are hereby dismissed the service of the United States,:
Lieutenant A. G. Edgorly, fourth New Hampshire vol-
unteers, for circulating copperhead tickcts.
******* * x *
By order of the Secretary of War:
L. THOMAS, Adjutant General.
To the Governor of New Hampshire.
No reason is given connected with the service
of this lieutenant, and I take it no reason could be
found for his dismissal connected with the ser-
vice, else it would have been assigned. A polit-
ical reason alone could be assigned. I am not
going to comment upon the language that is here
used, which ought not to be found in any mouth ex-
cept that of a scavenger who does the dirty work
of a political party; nor am 1 going to speak of
the hardship done to the lieutenant, who, I un-
derstand, had stood in the roughest sccncs of bat-
tle, and carried upon his body wounds received j
in the public service. I think the order conhl not i
have been known to the President, and I hope I
not to the Secretary of War. I allude to it sim- j
ply to show that the President now, by the action
of Congress, is clothed with power to dismiss
officers from the service without a reason, and
that that power has been exercised in the case of ,
not a very high officer, but one against whom I
understand no accusation could be brought, or
else that accusation would have found its way
into this order instead of a political reason.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
pause to allow the Chair to receive a message
from the House of Representatives.
THANKS TO GENERAL W. T. SHERMAN.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk,
announcing that the House had passed a joint
resolution (H. R. No. 131) tendering; the thanks
of the people and of Congress to Major General
William T. Sherman,and theoffi^ersand soldiers
of his command, for their gallant conduct in their
late brilliant movement through Georgia.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. If my colleague will
pardon me for a moment, I desire to ask the Sen-
ate to take up the resolution of thanks to General
Sherman and his army, which has justcome from
the House of Representatives, for the purpose of
having it passed immediately.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly, I yield.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move that thatjoint
resolution be taken up and passed at once, with-
out reference to a committee, for I think the coun-
try understands it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Indiana asks unanimous consent to proceed to
the consideration of the resolution just commu-
nicated from the House of Representatives. Is
there any objection?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we referred the
other resolutions in regard to the Lieutenant Gen-
eral and Admiral Farragut, and this had better
take the usual course.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. In some instances we
have referred such resolutions and in some not.
" The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there any ob-
jection to proceeding to the consideration of the
resolution? The Chair hears none.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution (H.
R.No.31) tendering the thanks of the people
and of Congress to Major General William T.
Sherman, and the officers and soldiers of his com-
mand, for their gallant conduct in their late bril-
liant movement through Georgia, was read twice.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is it now proper to move
to commit the resolution ? I believe the proper
stage for that motion is when the joint resolution
has been read a second time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A motion to refer
is now in order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move thatthejointres-
olution be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia; and in making that mo-
tion I wish to say that I do so in accordance with
what I think has been the practice of the Senate,
and not because I have any opposition to the res-
olution. The whole country appreciates—I cer-
tainly do—the distinguished services of Major
General Sherman; but I think we had better not
take the resolution out of the ordinary course.
The committee can report it back to-morrow. The
reference will not delay it. I think we pursued
a similar course in regard to the resolutions of
thanks to the other high officers to whom w.e have
tendered the thanks of Congress. It is simply
with that view, arid not out of hostility to the res-
olution,that I moke the motion to* refer.
Mr. JOHNSON. It has not been the uniform
course to icfer resolutions of this description to a
committee; and even if it was a general rule to
make such a reference, there are certainly oc-
casions which should be considered exceptional,
and if there could be any exception to a rule of
that description, admitting a general rule to exist,
it is furnished, pcihaps, by the case before the
Senate. Not only was the campaign from Chat-
tanooga to Atlanta almost unrivaled for the gal-
lantry and skill displayed, and its successful
termination, but the progress of the march from
Atlanta th rough Georgiaadistance of three hundred
miles, with an army of fifty or sixty thousand
men, without losing a man hardly, and finally
capturing the city of Savannah without firing a
gun, will, m the history of military affairs, the
world over, be considered not only as without
example, but as an achievement that the imagin-
ation of man, m advance, hardly thought to be
possible. Not only did the press of this country
look upon that ruaich will) the greatest solicitude,
but the European press, the military press of Eng-
land as well as of France thought that it was a
dubious undertaking, and would, in all human
probability, terminate in defeat. It hasW^owever,
terminated most brilliantly and successfully, a«d
it has not merely terminated in the example of a
brilliant military achievement, but it seems from
the indications of the day to have brought about
very strong grounds for believing that it will con-
tribute very largely to putting an end to the re-
bellion. We see by the papers of to-day that the
citizens of Savannah, nearly all of whom have
remained, (for the population of the city is said
to be now some twenty or twenty-five thousand,
and it never exceeded the latter number,) are ral-
lying around the standard planted by Sherman in
their midst, and are anxious to return to its pro-
tection, and have petitioned the Governor of the
State to call a convention for the purpose of con-
sidering whether it is not the interest, as well as
the high moral and political duty of the State her-
self, to lay down her arms and again become one
of the United States, protected by the Constitu-
tion and by the banner known to the Consti-
tution.
A word more, sir, and I shall take my seat.
However proper it might have been, even if there
was a uniform rule, to make the reference sug-
gested by the Senator from Illinois, yet as the
motion of the Senator from Indiana was to take
the resolution up that it might be acted upon at
once, a delay now in acting upon it, (although
I am sure such is not the motive that governs the
Senator from Illinois or would govern any other
member of the Senate,) would be considered per-
haps by the public as an intimation or an indica-
tion that there was on the part of some one mem-
ber of the Senate an unwillingness to award t|iis
tribute to that gallant officer and his men.
For these reasons I trust that my friend from
Illinois will withdraw his motion, or if he cannot
consent to do that from the sense of duty, which
I am sure actuates him, that the Senate will re-
fuse the reference.
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President, the thanks of
Congress to an officer for gallant service I deem
to be an honor and a great honor; but it is only
when they are cordially, and without hesitation,
offered. If we are to hesitate and higgle about
thanking an officer or an army, 1 think we had
better do nothing about it. I hope we shall act
upon this resolution without a reference.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, when General
Sherman cut loose from Atlanta, and marched
upon the coast, it was said that he violated all the
proprieties and rules of the military service. I
would be glad, in this instance, to violate the
practice of the Senate, and give him the thanks
of Congress at once.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, it is a
very unpleasant position for a member of the
Senate to be placed in, to endeavor to preserve
its rules and regulations and ordinary course of
proceeding in a case like this. It is a very awk-
ward position to object to giving the thanks of
Congress to any of our gallant officers who have
performed valuable service in the field, when the
motion is made. We have had several motions
of this character since this war began; and it has
been said in the Senate and it has been thought
that it would be more complimentary to the officer
that the thanks of Congress should be delib-
erately expressed rather than that in the excite-
ment of the moment when a resolution is intro-
duced the vote should be taken upon it immedi-
ately. I presume that this resolution will receive
the unanimous vote of this body, the vote of
every member in it; but if you pass it now in this
way, some Senator to-morrow may propose a
vote of thanks to another officer and call upon
the Senate to acton it immediately, and will any-
body object then to immediate action ? You will
now have adopted the principle of allowing these
resolutions to go thiough without receiving the
ordinary consideration of Congress; and having
adopted that rule, then if a member of the Senate
objects he will be understood as hostile to the
vote of thanks.
Notwithstanding what the Senator from Mary-
, land has said would be understood by the coun-
: try, there can be no such undei standing in this
case. I took occasion to state distinctly, when X
moved to refer this resolution, that the country
: acknowledged the gallant services of General Sher-
man, that 1 certainly did,and that the motion was
