900
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
<£utht these grants instead of impoverishing the
Government have benefited the Government.
Every acre of land you liave dedicated to the
building of a railroad has been the best expend-
iture of pn acre you have made; and, having al-
ready received a full and ample and rich equiva-
lent for every acre yon have ever granted, it is not
just in the Government, 1 do not say generous or
magnanimous, to stand upon a condition so hard
a(Ml intolerable as this is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would rather hope that
this amendment would not be pressed to a vote
this evening, because I desire to look a little more
carefully than I have been able to do at the act of
Congress already referred to and other acts of
similar character, to arrive at the just construc-
tion of the law itself.
Mr. COLLAMER. If the gentleman will in-
dulge me a moment, if he wishes time I will move
an adjournment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no speech to make
in regard to it.
Mi. COLLAMER. The Senator says he de-
sires to look at it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There were laid on the
table some papers which I think it would be well
to have published, but I shall not ask that this
bill be laid over on my account until next week,
because I shall not occupy more than a few min-
utes in what { have to say. Unless the chairman
of the committee having the bill in charge con-
sents to its going over, 1 will not ask it on my
account.
I wish to call the attention of the Senate for a
few moments to the act itself, to the very terms
of the grant. It seems to have been conceded by
quite a number of Senators who have spoken on
this subject, that by the law the terms of thegrant
were upon condition that the company should
transport, should carry the property and troops
of the United States over the road; that it should
furnish the cars; that it should furnish the neces-
sary hands to handle the property, and the en-
gineers, conductors, and brakemen to run the
trains. I was a little surprised to hear that con-
struction put upon the law, and I was more sur-
prised when I heard one gentleman after another
rise and give that as the true meaning of the laiv.
I think an examination of the statute shows that
that is not the law, and if we were sitting here as
judges, and the case was now presented for our
determination, when we came critically to read I
and look at the law we should find that it was I
not thus written. I
Now, sir, what are the terms of this grant?
" And the said railroad and branches shall be and
remain a public highway." What is a public
highway? Is it a road that the owners of the
highway are compelled to transport people upon?
This road is by act of Congress declared a public
highway, for what? "For the use of the Gov-
ernment of the United States." That is what it is a
high way for. Now, suppose the grant had stopped
there; that the land was granted to the company
on the condition that the raihoad and branches
should be a public highway for the use of the
Government of the United States, and nothing
more had been said, would anybody have con-
tended that there was anything more than agrant
to the United States of the right to use it? What
is the meaning of a public highway ? It means a
road that, if it were not restricted by the subse-
quent terms of the grant, anybody would have a
right to use. A public highway anybody has a
right to travel over. Here it is restricted by the
words " for the use of the Government of the
United States." Then the Government has the
iMght, by this grant, to use this public highway.
These are the very terms of the grant. Thus the
law is wiitten, that the Government may use it,
and there is no such word in it as that the rail-
road company shall transport this property. The
road is to be a highway, free to the Govern-
ment of the United States to use it—that is the
word; to " use" it for what? To use it " for the
transportation of any property or troops of the
United States." There is not a word in the grant
about the company being compelled to transport
the troops and the property of the United States.
What is a railroad? Does a railroad consistof
brakemen, and engineers, and conductors, and lo-
comotives? Isthatthemeaning-oftheterra "rail-'
road }" It is the " railroad" and its " branches" I
that are granted for the use of the United States
free from toll in the transportation of any prop-
erty or troops of the United States, not in the
transportation by the railroad company. Can it be
said that the right exists here to compel the rail-
road company to furnish engineers, and conduct-
ors, and brakemen, and the necessary hands to
handle the property of the Government of the
United States, because the Government of the
United States has reserved the right to use the
road as a public highway for ceitain purposes?
The Government of the United States cannot use
it for all purposes, but simply for the transporta-
tion of the property or troops of the United States;
and another clause of the grantprovides that "the
mails shall be transported on the said railroad
under the direction of the Post Office Department
at a price which Congress may fix."
So, sir, I deny the construction put upon this
law. I say that if you are to give any meaning
to the term " public highway" and the language
of the act itself it does not compel the company
to transport over this road. But, says the Sena-
tor from Michigan in reply to this, " 01), but it
meant something; everybody cannot run their
trains on the road, and if the United States put a
car upon the road there will be collisions." Why
so ? It is not to be presumed that the Govern-
ment of the United States in the exercise of one
of its rights will so use the roads as improperly
to interfere with the rights of others. You might
just as well say that there would be collisions"on
the turnpike roads of the country because the
Government of the United States has its mail
carried in a coach over a turnpike road. I sup-
pose the coach thatgoes along bearing the United
States mail, when it meets a team coming in the
other direction turns to the right hand and they
pass each other as the local laws regulating the
use of the road direct, just the same as if the coach
did not belong to the Government of the United
States; and 1 suppose if the Government of the
United States puta caron oneof these roads they
would have to lun their car m accordance with
the regulations adopted by law for the running of
the road.
Mr. JOHNSON. If the honorable Senator
from Illinois will give way for a moment, I will
make a motion to adjourn. It is evident that we
cannot get through with this bill to-night.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am not going to prolong
this debate unless others desire to do so. The
Senator from Ohio has charge of this bill, and I
do_ not wish it put over on my account. I have
said about all that I desired to say, which was
meet the position which seemed to be token for
granted in this body, to my utter astonishment,
that this law imposed upon the company the ne-
cessity of furnishing all these employes and all
this machinery to carry the property of the United
States. It does no such thing, in my judgment.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 trust not. This is the
only appropriation bill before us yet undeterm-
ined, and I think we can soort have a vote.
Mr. JOHNSON. If I can have any assurance
that there is to be a vote, I will withdraw the mo-
tion.
Mr, SHERMAN. I think we can have a vote
now.
Mr. JOHNSON. Very well; I withdraw the
motion.
The PRESIDENT fro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. COWAN called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr, HARLAN. I think about the only effect
that will be produced by this amendment will be
to reduce the value of railroad stocks and railroad
bonds in the market. If this amendment shall
prevail and the railroad companies shall be com-
pelled to carry all this property free of charge,
many of the companies will have to give up busi-
ness. The Secretary of War could seize the roads
and run them himself, I suppose, under existing
laws; but this would only embarrass the roads
and reduce the value of this property without any
resultant advantage to the Government. None of
the railroads now in the course of construction
have derived any great advantage from these
grants of land. There is but one railroad com-
pany named that has derived any considerable
advantage, and that is the railroad in Illinois
styled the Central railroad, and I suppose this
whole measure is intended to strike at it. I am
unwilling that the roads in .-ourse of construc-
tion in Missouri, Iowa, Minmsola, Wisconsin,
I and Michigan shall be damaged for the purpose
' of extorting justice from that company, if it wuuld
indeed be just to that company, which I gravely
doubt.
It was said by my colleague—and for his judg-
ment 1 have very great respect always—th.it that
company derived some thirty million dollars ad-
vantage from the railroad grani. If so, the Gen-
eral Government derived $30,000,001) advantage
from the construction of that road. The Gov-
ernment retained alternate sections of land lying
along the line of that road, and put up the mini-
mum price to double the previous minimum
price. If, then, the railroad company derived
$30,000,000 in value toward the constiuction of
the railroad from the land granted by the General
Government, the construction of the road has
already realized to the Treasury of the United
States 130,000,000, either in money or in the re-
sulting advantages growing out of the settlement
of an otherwise uninhabitable country; and if
any one will take.the trouble to look at the con-
dition of Illinois preceding thisgrant, and its con-
dition when the last census was taken, he will
perceive in what the Federal Government has
derived advantage. The population of Illinois
was augmented between 1850 and I860 over eight
hundred thousand people. A very large per
cent, of that increase was owing to the construc-
tion of the Illinois Central railroad, by which
vast sections of country in the central part of
Illinois, remote from the Wabash and Illinois
rivers, were brought into market and into a con-
dition where they became desirable to people
emigrating to the North wesu If it had not been
for the construction of this railroad Illinois
would now be a State of far less consequence than
it is in the aid it is able to render in the prosecu-
tion of this war. It now has been able to turn
out some two hundred regiments of able-bodied
men to engage in the contest which is being waged
against the rebels. In this, then, we derive e,n
immense advantage from the grant of land made
to Illinois to aid m the construction of this rail-
road. First, we sold theland at double the mini-
mum price previously fixed on it by Congress.
Mr. HENDERSON. Let me suggest to the
Senator that according to my recollection many
of the Government reserved lands on the line of
that road were sold for over $2 50 an acie.
Mr. HARLAN. They could not have been
sold for less than the minimum price of §2 50 an
acre, but I doubt not many of them were sold
for more than that amount. If the Go\ernment
had chosen to withhold those lands from maiket
and put them in market only as the railroad com-
pany exposed its lands for sale, they would have
realized in dollars the whole amount the railroad
company has realized from the sale of its lands.
The Government, however, chose for satisfactory
reasons to put the reserved sections into market
in advance of the sales of land made by the rail-
road company, and may therefore have realized
a less amount in dollars; but they have received
an advantage in other respects. They have re-
ceived an advantage from the augmentaiion of the
wealth of the country thus caused. They are
now realizing under tiie interna! levenue laws an
immense amount of money from month to month
that would nototherwise have been deiived from
that part of our country. They have realized an
immense augmentation of the military strength of
the country by the grant, and in various other
ways the Government have been advantaged. The
whole consideration that they originally stipulated
has been realized.
Then if this were intonded to apply only to the
railroad in Illinois,justice as it seems to me would
require that the amendment should be rejected;
but in striking at that company, you stiike at
all the railroad companies in the States 1 have
named that have not the pecuniary ability tn with-
stand the shock. And I-may say to my friends
from New England that their people are as deeply
interested in this subject as ours in the Northwest.
We derive a local ad vantage from the construction
of these roads, but the money, the capital, is de-
rived from their constituencies. A very large pro-
portion of the money invested in these roads is
derived from the old States; and if you enact laws
