136
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 0,
vice demands it, to dismiss any officer of the
Army or Navy or the Marine corps, and I sup-
pose since the passage of that act there can be no
doubt that the Presiuent possesses the power.
I can very readily see that it might become a
question whether Congress has the authority to
pass such a bill as the one upon its table. My
own opinion is that it has that power; but it may
be considered, and perhaps would be considered
by some, that the power which Congress would
assume to exercise by a bill of that description
is in its nature an executive power, and, as all
executive power by the Constitution is vested in
the President, that it would be an interference
with the executive prerogative.
What was done by the act referred to by the
honorable member from Illinois was not what is
proposed to be done by this bill. The cases are
entirely unlike. Congress then determined that
the public service demanded that the Army itself
should be diminished. We had gone through the
war of 1812, and we had come out of that war
with an army not demanded by a state of peace.
It was necessary,therefore, to diminish the Army;
and in order to accomplish that purpose Congress
passed the law referred to by the honorable mem-
ber from Illinois, as the President, without legis-
lation, would have no authority to that extent.
He might dismiss the officers under his executive
authority if he thought they were unfit to dis-
charge the duties pertaining to the office, but he
could not disband the Army. The Army, there-
fore, would have remained until Congress by its
own legislation should direct that it should be
disbanded. What they did by the act of 1815
was merely to provide a mode by which the Army
should be diminished, and it did it by authorizing
the President to arrange the different officers who
were then in the service, the Army beingabout to
be diminished, and to retain only such a number
as would be found necessary for the Army as it
was about to be reduccd, and of course to dismiss
the rest.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the honorable Senator
will allow me to interrupt him, my recollection
may be at fault; but did not an act of Congress
authorize a certain board to be constituted, con-
sisting of officers of the Army, and perhaps some
civilians with them; and had not that board cer-
tain authority in relation to the disposition of offi-
cers?
Mr. JOHNSON. It did; but that is not the act
of 1816; that is another one. The act of 1816, if
I recollect aright, and i think I do, gives to the
President the authority to dispose of the officers
as he thinks proper, without any preliminary in-
quiry.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My recollection is that
General Scott was a member of such a board.
Mr. JOHNSON. There has been a board nt
different periods when the Army has been less-
ened to decide what officers should be retained
and what should not.
But this bill is not for the purpose of diminish-
ing the Army. It assumes that the Army is not
too large. It therefore assumes that the number
of officers already in service is not too large.
But it provides that if any portion of those offi-
cers necessary to the service in point of number
are not called into actual service to a command
suited to their respective ranks, and remain in
that condition for three months, they are then to
be dropped.
I do not know what the President would do if
a bill like this was passed; but I think I am not
mistaken in the opinion of what he should do.
You have given him the power by the act of 1862
to strike from the rolls of the Army every incom-
, petent man, and if this bill is offered to him, and
he sees that he is not to decide whether they are
incompetent or not, that you will decide it, and
if the officer from any cause whatever, no matter
what, whether with reference to his competency
to the command, or from any other cause, is not
in actual service commanding such a command
as is suited to his rank, he must be dropped, I
think he ought to say, "I have got the power to
drop him now; I think this is a reflection upon
me, whether designed by Congress or not; you
have by your act of 1862 quieted all doubts upon
the subject of my power, if there were any well-
founded doubts before; you have told me that you
give me the authority; I am now keeping in ser-
vice these men, and you interpose a bill now
which says virtually to me that I am not doing
my duty; I cannot approve of a bill that carries
with it such a reflection upon myself."
Mr. President, I am far from believing, not-
withstanding the very positive manner in which
it has been stated, that the Presidenthas not done
his duty. Gentlemen assume that there are offi-
cers now in the Army of the United States who
are not worthy to be there, and whose dismissal
is called for by the interest of the public. How
do we know that? How am I to know it? By
public rumor? Who is the man vested with the
means of ascertaining whether they are fit for the
service or not? Is it not the President himself?
And if he thinks proper to keep them in the service
of the United States, unless the absolute necessi-
ties of the country demand it, is it toward him
decorous—I speak it with no sense to find fault
with the Senators who advocate this bill, or the
House of Representatives who have adopted it-*-
is it decorous to the Executive to say, " You are
now failing in a clear and obvious duty; you are
keeping nowin the military service of the country
at this period, when the life of the nation is at stake
and depending upon the success of your armies,
incompetent men, and we are compelled by a sense
of duty to the nation, in"order to save the nation
from the peril in which it is, to assume ourselves
the authority which it is your duty to exercise,
which we have authorized you to exercise, but
which we see that you will not exercise?"
The honorable gentleman from Illinois says he
wants the bill passed because it would stimulate
the President to do what the President ought to
do. Sir, if a high sense of official duty, if his
sworn official duty, if his obligations to the true
honor and necessities of the country, are not suffi-
cient to stimulate him to the discharge of his duty,
he will not be stimulated by anything you can
do. He may leave these officers to go out under
the operation of your bill, and if he is capable of
keeping in the service officers who are unfit, then
when they go out, and they and their friends ap-
peal to him for redress, or come to him complain-
ing of the outrage which they will say has been
perpetrated upon them, he will say, " I have not
done it; Congress has done it; I never would
have turned you out; I had no command that I
wanted you to fill; the public service did not re-
quire you to be in the field; you have not been in
the field; I never would have dismissed you; you
are dismissed by the fiat of Congress, and not by
the judgment or the conduct of the Executive."
With the honorable member, the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs, and with all
possible confidence in the President—all the con-
fidence that a member of a coordinate department
of the Government should have in another de-
partment of the Government—I hold him to his
responsibility, believing that he will discharge it.
If lie shall fail to discharge it he will be called to
that responsibility by the public judgment, and
the public judgment will be pronounced in such
tcims that he will be obliged to listen to it. But
I am not underthe impression that he needs to be
awakened to the discharge of his duty by any
voice spoken either here or spoken by the people
of the United States. If I were a member of the
House of Representatives, and I believed that he
knowingly kept in service major generals and
btigadier generals who are wholly unfit for such
commands, 1 should move his impeachment; and
if he was brought before this body charged with
an offense of that description, and he was con-
victed of that otfense by the proof, we should be
bound to pronounce but the one judgment, the
judgment of guilty. But as long as he is the
President of the United States, for one, however
much 1 was opposed to his reelection, having
been reelected, 1 give him the benefit of the pre-
sumption that he is willing to discharge his whole
executive duty.
Mr. HOWE. I do not propose to prosecute
this debate much further, but the last remark sub-
mitted by the Senator from Maryland suggests
one reflection to my mind that 1 think proper to
state. He says that if he were a member of the
House of Representatives, and it was brought to
his knowledge that the President had deliberately
declined under the authority which Congress has
conferred upon him to withdraw the commissions
of officers whom he knew to be unfitted for the
discharge of their duties, he should be prepared
to move for the impeachment of the President.
He would regard it as a wanton neglect of official
duty. The question occuis to my mind, if im-
peachment would be the just penalty of the Presi-
dent for refusing to discharge that duty which
you say you have imposed upon him by a law
which simply authorizes him to do it, what pen-
alty ought to be imposed upon a Senator or a Rep-
resentative who shall decline to discharge the very
same duty, for the discharge of which they have
the very same authority, or an authority higher
than that? If it bean offense against the admin-
istration of public justice in the Presidentto allow
these men to hold their commissionsand take their
pay, is it not an offense against the administra-
tion of public justice in the Senator to allow these
things to be done ?
It is intimated here that this bill contains a re-
flection upon the President of the United States.
How so, sir? It is simply doing the work our-
selves which we have at one time said the Presi-
dent might do if he saw fit. If there be any
reflection -&pon the character of the Commander-
in-Chief, it is in the report of the Committee on
Military Affairs which states specifically that here
are officers holding high commissions and draw-
ing high salaries, doing no duty, and not interfered
with by the Commander-in-Chief. The reflection
is in the report, not in the bill. The bill is plain
matter of legislation, and reflects upon nobody.
In point of fact, there is nothing in the report or m
the bill which necessarily reflects upon the Presi-
dent of the United States; and I do not suppose
anybody who had any hand in drawingeither the
bill or the report intended any such reflection.
There are two or thiee facts patent before us;
nobody disputes them; to wit, we are paying a
large amount of money every year for which we
get no service whatever. It was said by the Sen-
ator from Indiana that after we had passed the
bill the President might assign these men to duty
within the three months. That is very true.
Then, he says, nobody would be discharged.
That is very true; but we would either get service
or we would save money, one of the two. I do
notinsistupon anybody being mustered outof the
service. If we can have them mustered into
service, that will answer my purpose. But let us
have the work or let us save the money. We
do have the work. The trouble is the work is
done by one class of men and the money goes to
another class. I want those men to have the money
who do the work.
Mr. POMEROY, I move that when the Sen-
ate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion is not
now in order.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask unanimous consent to
make that motion.
Mr. WILSON and Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I
object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the motion cannot now be entertained.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 should like to know whether
the Senator frpm Massachusetts, the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs, will accede to
the request of the Senator from Maine, and with-
draw his motion to indefinitely postpone the bill
before the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. It seems to me we had%better
settle the matter now. We have a great many
important questions which will soon be crowding
upon us.
Mr. CONNESS. This is not in the way of
any question.
Mr. GRIMES. If it is postponed now, we
shall have to debate it all over again hereafter.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
["Oh no!"]
The motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Massachusetts,
to postpone the hill indefinitely.
Mr. CONNESS. Let us have the yeas and
nays upon that.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am a little surprised that
anybody should object when a Senator asks to
have a bill go over which the objectors do not
want to pass. I can understand why, when a.
member of the Senate is anxious to pass a bill,
he should think a delay was injurious to its pas-
sage; but if this bill is never called up, it will do
