1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
13?
no harm. The object of the Senator is,not to
pass the bill; the motion is to defeat it. I have
said all that I design to say upon it; but it seems
to me that if a Senator wants a bill to go over,
where nobody wants to pass it, and will not urge
action upon it, it is a very singular proceeding to
urge the Senate to a vote to defeat the bill.
Mr. WILSON. I will state to the Senator the
particular reason why I wish to have this matter
settled now. I believe, and that- we aii have ad-
mitted, that there ought to be some action on this
subject. I do not think this is the proper way.
I think we should reject this bill for the reason
that the power and responsibility are with the
President, and he ought to exercise his power,
and exercise it now. If this bill is pending along
here for week after week, he may take no action
about it, and look to Congress to settle this mat-
ter. I want it rejected, if we can reject it, if that
is the sentiment of Congress, to d#feat the bill,
and let the President understand that the respon-
sibility is upon him, and we look to him to do
his duty.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 8; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, Carlile, Clark, Dix-
on, Doolittle, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Harding, Harris, Hen-
derson, Hendricks, Hicks, Johnson, Lane of Indiana,
Morgan, Morrill, Nesmtth, Poweil, llamscy, Richardson,
SauUbury, Sherman, Sumner, Van Winkle, Willey, and
Wilson—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Conness, Davis, Farwell, IIarlan,IIowe,
Pomeroy, Trumbull, and Wade—8.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Collamer, Cow-
an, Hale, Howard, Lane of Kansas, McDougall, Riddle,
Sprague,'Tcn Eyck, Wilkinson, and Wright—13.
So the bill was indefinitely postponed.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day it ad-
journ to meet on Monday next.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. "WILSON. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in executive session the doors were re-
opened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 6, 1865.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Channing.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
TRANSFER 0? APPROPRIATIONS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary of
the Treasury, transmitting, in compliance with
the act of Congress of March 3, 1809, a state-
ment exhibiting the various amounts transferred
from and to appropriations during the year end-
ing June 30, 1864; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
FLORIDA TAX COMMISSIONERS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House a letter from the Secretary
of the Treasury, transmitting, in compliance with
a resolution of the House, a copy of the report of
Hon. Austin Smith on the conduct of the tax
commissioners for the district of Florida, &c.;
which was, on motion of Mr. Sloan, referred to
the committee on the rebellious States.
INCREASE OF PENSIONS.
Mr. ROSS, by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill to increase the pay of pensioners twenty-
five per cent, from and after the 1st day of Janu-
ary, 1865; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
COLUMBIA AND SNAKE RIVERS.
Mr. WALLACE, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a biil to improve {he Columbia and Snake
rivers; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
REGENTS OF SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
Mr. COX. I ask unanimous consent to take
from the Speaker's tabic Senate bill No. 367,
entitled "An act to repeal the provision of law re-
quiring certain regents of the Smithsonian Insti-
tution to be members of the National Institute.5'
There being no objection, the bill was taken up,
and was read a first and second time. Itprovides
for the repeal of so much of the act to establish
the Smithsonian Institution.for the increase and
diffusion of knowledge among men as requires
that two of the regents of said Institution shall be
members of the National Institute in the city of
Washington.
Mr. COX. I may state that the object of this
bill is to repeal that provision of law which re-
quires that two of the regents of the Smithsonian
Institution shall be members of the National In-
stitute—an institution which is now obsolete.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. COX mo.ved to reconsider the vote by which
the bill was passed; and also moved that the mo-
tion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN NEVADA.
Mr. WORTHINGTON, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill providing for adistrtct and
circuit court of the United States for the district
of Nevada, and for other purposes; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
REVISION OP TAX SYSTEM.
Mr. KASSON, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means con-
sider and report, by joint resolution or otherwise, upon the
expediency of providing for a commission, to consist of——
members* ofthe Senate and members of the House, with
leave to sit in vacation, to examine and report upon a sys-
tem and details of taxation which shall bear equally upon
the property and industry of the countiy, and shall best
provide for maintaining the ciedit of the United States
unimpared, and yield a revenue adequate to the necessities
of the Government; and whose duty it shall be to report
by hill at the commencement of the fir&t session of the
Thirty-Ninth Congress.
DUTIES ON IMPORTED PRINTING PAPER.
Mr. KASSON, by unanimous consent, also in-
troduced ajomt resolution to promote the diffusion
of knowledge in the United States by the suspen-
sion of duties on imported printing paper; which
was read a first and sccond time, and referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
THANKS TO GENERAL SHERMAN.
Mr. SCHENCK, I ask unanimous consent
to report back from the Committee on Military
Affairs the joint resolution tendering thanks to
Major General Sherman and his army.
There was no objection.
Mr. SCHENCK. Thecommittee have directed
me to report the joint resolution back with a sub-
stitute enlarging its scope so as to include the
campaign from Chattanooga to Atlanta.
The original resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that the thanks of the people and of the Con-
gress of the United States are due and are hereby
tendered to Major General William T. Sherman,
and through him to the officers and men under his
command, for their gallantry and good conduct
m their late brilliant expedition through Georgia;
and that the President cause a copy of this joint
resolution to be engrossed and forwarded to Ma-
jor General Sherman.
The substitute provides that the thanks of the
people and of the Congress of the United States
are hereby tendered to Major General William
T. Sherman, and through him to the officers and
men under his command, for their gallantry and
good conduct in their late campaign from Chatta-
nooga to Atlanta, and the triumphal march thence
through Georgia to Savannah, terminating in the
capture and occupation of that city; and that the
President cause a copy of this joint resolution to
be engrossed and forwarded to General Sherman.
The substitute was agreed to; and the joint res-
olution as amended was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed unan-
imously.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CIRCUIT COURT OF ARKANSAS.
Mr. WILSON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to provide for another term of the
circuit court of ths United States for the district
of Arkansas, and for other purposes; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
NEW STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON, by unanimous consent, also
submitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the committee on rules he instructed to
inquire into the expediency of so amending the rules of the
House as to create two additional standing committees,
namely, a Committee on Internal Revenue and a Committee
on Banking and Currency; and that the committee further
inquire into the expediency of converting the select com-
mittee on a Pacific railroad into astanding committee, and
report the conclusions of the committee to the House at a$
early a day as practicable.
Mr. KASSON. I ask my colleague whether:
a resolution of the same character was not offered
at the last session.
Mr. WILSON. This is more comprehensive
in its character than any previous resolution.
Mr. PENDLETON. Has the committee on
rules leave to report at any time?
The SPEAKER. They have not, although it
has been the usage to allow the\m to report at the
convenience of the House.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr WILSON moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted;and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AMENDMENT OP INTERNAL REVENUE ACT.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask unanimous consent to
submit a bill to amend an act to provide internal
revenue for the support of the Government, to pay
intereston the'public debt, and for other purposes,
passed Juno 30,1864, in order that it may be re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. BROOKS. Where does the bill come
from t
Mr. STEVENS. The Committee of Ways and
Means asked me to have it referred to them and
ordered to be printed. We have not agreed to it.
We have not had time to consider it. It has been
carefully drawn, and that committee want it
printed with the others that may be referred to
them.
Mr. BROOKS. My object is not curiosity, but
to know whether the bill has the sanction of the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. STEVENS. There is no sanction except
■that they want the bill for investigation. I offer
the bill on my own motion, and not as chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means.
There was no objection, and the bill was re-
ceived, read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
METROPOLITAN RAILROAD COMPANY.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I ask unanimous
consent to take from the Speaker's table the
amendments of the Senate to House bill No. 622,
to amend an act entitled "An act to incorporate
the Metropolitan Railroad Company in the Dis-
trict of Columbia," approved July 1, 3864, in
order that they may be acted on at this time,
Mr. COBB. I object.
WASHINGTON GAS-LIGHT COMPANY.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I ask unanimous
consent to take up Senate bill No. 363, to amend
the charter of the Washington Gas-Light Com-
pany.
There was no objection, and the bill was taken
up and read in extenso.
Mr. WILSON, i move that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. The bill has been
considered by the members of that committee,
and they unanimously concur in recommend-
ing it.
Mr, WILSON. The gentleman from New
York states that the bill has been considered by
that committee. If that be so, I have no desire
to have it go to them again.
Mr. COBB. I would inquire of the Chair if
this bill has been taken up by unanimous con-
sent?
The SPEAKER. It has bom. The Chair
looked at the gentleman fsoni Wiseon-un when
unanimous consent was a^k *d, suppoxng that ho.
w ould object; but hi. * back wuh tinned toward the
