1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
place, and it shall become necessary for one of
them to take command; there is a command that
both cannot exercise, and therefore there is a ne-
cessity that one of the two shall be designated;
is it not necessary that there shall be a rule on
the subjcct?
Mr. TRUMBULL. This amendment does
not repeal the rule. I would leave the question
to be decided just as if two officers of the regular
Army met, of the same date of commission. The
regulations provide for settling that. - All that my
amendment provides is, that because the one man
is a volunteer he shall not necessarily be put under
the regular officer, and that the question shall be
settled the same as it is between regular Army
officers.
Mr. CONNESS. Then my objection to the
amendment is this: although it may be true, as
stated by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Rich-
ardson,] that some civilians were appointed from
civil life into the regular Army, yet the regular
Army contains all the persons that we educate at
West Point; and, as a general rule, it is more
safe that they should outrank and take command,
when there is an equality of rank otherwise, than
that the volunteer should take it. The passage of
an amendment of this kind would be a discrim-
ination against them. If it can be held that it
would not be a discrimination against them, then
it is an unnecessary offense offered to them, and
therefore it is objectionable to me.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to sayasingle
word in reply to the suggestion of the Senator
from California. I would place General Han-
cock by this provision in the regular Army pre-
cisely as he is to-day in the volunteer service.
He is, I apprehend, one of the most splendid
officers in our Army. Ho is a major general of
volunteers, and he is commanded to-day by his
juniors who are in the regular Army, who have
graduated long since he has,and seen less service
than he has. This is what the amendment of my
colleague does; and it does nothing more. It
leaves the regular officers in the Army, whether
they are major generals of volunteers or of the
regular Army, to assume the position precisely
that they have occupied and ought to occupy from
the date of their commissions and from the term
of service.
Mr. WILSON. That is the case at the pres-
ent time so far certainly as General Hancock is
concerned. General Hancock is appointed by the
Federal Government, nominated by the President
and confirmed by the Senate. If he meets a ma-
jor general of the regular Army of the same date
of commission the question as to who shall com-
mand is to be settled according to the rules; but
there is a provision, and I think it is a new one
that lias been adopted since the commencement of
this war 
Mr. WILKINSON. It is an old one.
Mr. WILSON. I say 1 think the rule is a new
one, for this reason: I was present early in the
war when this question was discussed, and the
doctrine was maintained by General McClellan
and other general officers that there was no dis-
tinction whatever between the volunteer and reg-
ular officer, and that commissions dating on the
same day must be governed by the same rule.
The rule, as I have stated it, applies certainly to
the regular Army. The ninth section referred to
by the Senator from Illinois does subordinate the
man bearing a commission from a State to a man
bearing a commission from the Federal Govern-
ment; and as a general rule it would be best for
the service of the country that it should be so. I
agree with the remark made by the Senator from
California, and there is no doubt or question on
that point, 1 think.
Mr. WILKINSON. I think the chairman of
the Committeeon Military Affairs must certainly
be mistaken in his recollection. I offered a bill
at an early period of this war to bring about this
very result.
Mr, WILSON. For the consolidation of the
two?
Mr. WILKINSON. No, sir; but to abolish
the distinction between the regular and volunteer
armies of the Union. I was called upon by sev-
eral prominent military men in regard to it, and
they stated the rule precisely as I understand it,
and as it appears from the regulations as read by
the Senator from Illinois, that where two officers
came together of equal rank, and their commis-
sions were of the same date, the regular officer
took the command. I think that distinction ought
to be abolished. I can see no reason why a clerk
who has been kept in the War Department with
the rank of brigadier general through this entire
war should rank General Terry, after the "mili-
tary talent which he has displayed in the field. I
do not believe in it.
Mr. POWELL. I am very decidedly of opin-
ion that the proposition of the Senator from Illi-
nois should not be adopted. It seems that now,
according to the laws and regulations, if two offi-
cers of the same rank meet and their commissions
are of even date, the officer of the regular Army
is to take command,. I certainly think thatis right
and proper. General Hancock, who has been
mentioned by my friend from Illinois, and who
is certainly one of the ablest and most accom-
plished of our Army, is a brigadier general in the
regular Army and also a major general of volun-
teers. Suppose his commission as major general
of volunteers, and that of General Butler, the hero
of Fort Fisher, should bear equal date, and those
two men were to meet on the field of battle, do
you not think General Hancock ought to take
command ? He would do it under the regulations
as they now stand; and I say it is right that he
should do it, because he is a regular soldier.
I am therefore opposed to the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Illinois. I think the
law is right as it stands. This art of war is one
that requires not only education but very great
capacity. It is not more than once in a century
that the world looks upon a truly great military
chieftain. He must have great natural abilities
and then he must have a military education. It
requires the very largest experience and the most
extensive education to be a great general. The
very idea that you should pass a law that regular
officers, whose trade is war, who are educated in
all the art of war, should have no preference over
volunteer officers when their commissions are of
equal date, and when perhaps the volunteer offi-
cers only receive their commissions the day before
yesterday, in my judgment is absurd. I think the
regular and educated Army officer, he who has
been trained to arms and seen service,-ifhe meets
a volunteer officer on the field of equal rank,
should take command, particularly if their com-
missions are of even date.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The Senatorfrom Ken-
tucky, by voting against this proposition, does
not accomplish what he seeks to accomplish.
Mr. POWELL. That will leave the law as
if is.
Mr. RICHARDSON. He thinks it would be
dreadful if a civilian should command a regular
officer.
Mr. POWELL. If my friend will allow me,
1 did not say it would be dreadful; but I think it
would be bad policy, where a regular officer and
a volunteer officer of equal rank and whose com-
missions are of the same date meet on the field,
not to allow the regular officer to command. If
the volunteer was a major general and the regular
officer a brigadier general, then I would allow the
volunteer officer to command him.
Mr. R.ICHARDSON. If you pass the amend-
ment of my colleague you do away with thatdif-
ficulty. Major General Butler would command
General Hancock if they were to meeton the field
to-day. Pass this amendment, and if they meet
to-morrow Major General Hancock would com-
mand General Butler.
Mr. WILSON. No, sir; I beg your pardon.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I beg the Senator's
pardon.
Mr. WILSON. It does not alter the case at
all; it does not touch it.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will state to the chair-
man of the committee that a little experience in
this matter is worth a great deal of theory. When
you come to settle the rank of officers of the same
grade you look back to the prior service, and that
would give General Hancock the command to-
morrow.
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator will allow me,
as General Butler is referred to 
Mr. RICHARDSON. Only for illustration.
Mr. WILSON. X think General Butler is the
third major general in the service of the United
States. He outranks General Hancock, and there
is no law and no change that can be made that
could put General Hancock over him.
Mr. NESMITH. The Senatorfrom Illinois
is proceeding upon the hypothesis that Butler and.
Hancock were major generals of the same date of
commission.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Yes, sir. It is for the
purpose, I have stated heretofore, to show that
there is no reason why, because a man is desig-
nated as belonging to the regular Army in the
particular commission he holds, he should rank
an officer of equal skill and equal-ability who
had seen'more service, because he was'designated
as belonging to the volunteers.
The question being taken by yeas and nays/
resulted—yeas 15, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Clark, Fanvell, Harlan, How-
ard, Howe, Morgan, Nye, Ramsey, Itichardson, Sherman,
Stewart, Simmer, Trumbull, and Wilkinson—15. , •
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buekalew,Coimess, Dpolittle,
Foster, Henderson, Nesmith,Powell, Sprague,Willey,Wil-
son, and Wright—12.
ABSENT—Messrs. Carlile, Chandler, Collamer, Cowan,.
Davis, Dixon, Foot, Grimes, Hale, Harding, Harris, Hen-
dricks, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Mc-
Dougall, Morrill, Pomeroy, Kiddle, Saulsbury, Ten Eyck,
Van Winkle, and Wade—23.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;1
and the amendments were concurred in, and or-
dered to be engrossed. The bill was ordered to
be read a third time; and it was read the third'
time, and passed. ,
SENATORS EKOM LOUISIANA. .
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom were referred the credentials
of Charles Smith and R. King Cutler, claiming
seats as Senators from the State of Louisiana,
have instructed me to make a report on the sub-
ject, accompanied by a joint resolution. I move-
that the report be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
The jouit resolution (S. No. 117) recognizing
the government of the State of Louisiana was reau-
a first time by its title.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask for the reading of the
resolution at length.
The Secretary read it, as follows: -
Resolved, S{C., That the United States do hereby recog-
nize the government of the State of Louisiana, inaugu-
rated under and by the convention which assembled ou.
the 6th day of April, A. D. 1864, at the city of New Or-
leans, as the legitimate government of the said State, ami
entitled to tile guarantees and all other rights of a State
government under the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. POWELL. I merely wish to remark at
this stage of the proceedings that as a member of
the Judiciary Committee I was opposed to the
report and the resolution.
Mr. SPRAGUE. 1 move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The 'motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.   
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 18, 1865.
The House metat eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by Rev. John Thrush.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. COLE, of California. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to report from the
select committee on the Pacific railroad a bill to
amend an act entitled "An act to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad and telegraph line from the
Missouri river to the Pacific ocean,and to secure
to the Government the use of the same for postal,
military, and other purposes," approved July 1,
1862, and to amend an act amendatory thereof,
approved July 2,1864. It will take but a few
moments to pass upon.
Mr. WILSON. I object to its consideration
at this time.  
Mr. COLE, of California. The bill only ex-
tends the time for the completion of a certain part
of the road for six months, and I have been
directed, unanimously by the committee on the
Pacific railroad to report it and put it upon its
passage.
Mr. WILSON. I will not object if the bill is
reported and its consideration postponed so that
we may examine it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
postponements will be hard to reach during the
remainder of this session.
Mr. COLE, of California. It might be made
a special order.
