004
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
- The SPEAKER. Other special orders will
antedate it. Business has been assigned for each
day for nearly a week ahead.
Mr. WILSON. Let the bill be received, or-
dered to be printed, and a motion entered to re-
consider.
Mr. COLE, of California. Very well.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
RESOLUTIONS OF THE STATE OP MICHIGAN.
Mr. BEAMAN,by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the following resolutions of the State of
Michigan; which were laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed:
In relation to the improvement of the mouth of
the Saginaw river;
Instructing the Senators and requesting the
Representatives to urge upon the General Gov-
ernment the necessity of establishing a general
naval recruiting and muster-in office for the State
of Michigan;
Asking the General Government for a grant
of land to aid in the construction of the Mineral
Range railroad;
Asking an appropriation of lands by Congress
for the construction of a wagon road from Esco-
nawba to Sault Ste. Marie; and
Requesting the members in Congress to ca!! at-
tention of the General Government to the import-
ance of the construction of light-houses and fog-
bells on the straits of Michilimackinac.
RATIONS OF SOLDIERS.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL, by unanimous consent,
introduced the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, Th;it the Committee on Military Affairs are
hereby directed to inquire into tile expediency of report-
ing ;i bill providing tnat in all eases win-re than fail
rations are issued to the soldiers they shall bir paid tile
value of such deficit in cash.
DISABLED REGIMENTAL SURGEONS.
Mr. INGER80LL, by unanimous consent,
introduced the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed tos
Resolved, That tile Committee on Military Affairs be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of providing by
law lor the transfer of such efficient and competent regi-
mental surgeons, who liave been wounded or disabled
Willie in the line of their duty to such an extent as to ren-
der tlieni unfit for service in the field, to duty as post or
hospital surgeons.
PRINTING A BILL.
Mr. ASHLEY. I am instructed by the select
committee on the rebellious States to ask for the
printing of a substitute for the reconstruction bill,
which will be acted on on Monday.
No objection being made, the substitute was
ordered to be primed.
CONTINENTAL HOTEL COMPANY.
Mr. ASHLEY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to incorporate the Continental Hotel
Company of the city of Washington; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
WAGON ROADS IN TERRITORIES.
Mr. ARNOLD, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Roads and Canals, reported
back a bill (H. R. No. 752) to provide for the
construction of certain wagon roads in the Terri-
tories of Idaho, Montana, Dakota, and Nebraska;
which was read, and recommitted to the Com-
mittee 011 Roads and Canals.
Mr. ARNOLD. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was recommitted.
The SPEAKER. The motion will bo entered.
* TAX BILL.
Mr. SCHENCK. I demand the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. When the House adjourned
last evening, the previous question was seconded
and the main question ordered to be put on the
amendments reported from the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union on the tax bill.
Mr. MORRILL. Before the question is taken
on these amendments, 1 desire to say a few words.
Mr- WASHBURNE, of Illinois, I suggest
to the gentleman from Vermont that the cFeik
read over the amendments first, and pass upon
the informal ones, and by that time members will
be in, when he can make his remarks before tak-
ing the vote on the important amendments.
Mr. MORRILL. I have no objection.
Mr. UANSON. I suggest that the amendments
be read over, and that all amendments upon which
a separate vote is not required by some member
shall be considered as passed. The gentleman
from Vermont can then submit his remarks, and
the House proceed to consider the amendments
upon which a separate vote is demanded.
No objection being made, the proposition was
agreed to.
The Clerk proceeded to read the amendments
reported from the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and they were all agreed to,
except those upon which a separate vote was de-
manded. Such amendments will appear below.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not propose to detain
the House more than five minutes. I desire to
have a separate vote on the amendment relating
to the tax on beer and ale, because I think that
when the House considers it they will conclude
that the proposition of the Committee of Ways
and Means is no greater hardship, at least, in
reference to that article, than the tax already im-
posed upon whisky, with which it competes.
In relation to section one hundred and three of
the tax bill, as amended by the gentleman from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Brown,] I will say that it in-
cludes altogether too much even for his own pur-
pose, which was to relieve vessels engaged in the
lake trade. It will reduce the lax upon railroads
from five per cent, to two and a half, and I take
it that is not the purpose of any portion of the
House. Whatever may have been proper to have
done in relation to canal-boats and vessels en-
gaged in our coasting trade, certainly this amend-
ment is altogether wrong. I should be willing to
accede to the proposition to make some amend-
ment in relation to the lake, coasting, and canal
business, and I have no doubt such amendment
will be made in the Senate. It will be time enough
to consider that subject when we shall have con-
sidered the tariff question; and I presume the sug-
gestion of the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Pike]
will be adopted by this House, by imposing a
tonnage duty upon at least all sailing vessels.
Mr. PIKE Why not let it go to the Senate?
Mr. MORRILL. Because I consider that no
man in this House would be willing to commit
himself to the proposition now before the House,
as it embraces entirely too much, and proposes
one thing in order to obtain another.
In relation to the tax on sales, I merely desire
to call the attention of the House to the subject
for a single moment. I think we may very well
bear the restriction of the tariff upon foieign trade
upon the boundaries of our country; but within
the vast area of the United States, it is vitally im-
portant that we should leave our own domestic
trade free. Unless we do that, in my judgment,
it will immediately cripple the industry and pro-
ductions of the country. It is a tax which I do
not believe such taxation would stand longer than
the first day of the next session of Congress, if
it should be imposed ; and I say this, although 1
am as anxious as any man can be to increase the
revenue of the Government at the present time.
There was another amendment introduced by
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman] not
now in his seat, in relation to the stamp tax upon
land conveyances. I do not think that there can
be any doubt about our power to impose the for-
feiture. _ The law as it now stands is well enough,
and it will be found in this proviso:
" Provided, That the title of a purchaser of land by deed
duly stamped, shall not be defeated or affected by tile want
of a proper stamp on any deed conveying said land by any
person from, through, or under whom ills grantor claims
or holds title."
It is only necessary to make out a new con-
veyance with the proper stamp to make good any
title granted without such a stamp. I trust that
neither the amendment of the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Holman,] nor thatof thegentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Thater,] will be adopt-
ed. I believe that it is far better to maintain the
existing law, as it is now getting to be understood
by our people, than to make these repeated
changes without sufficient cause. There is no
general complaint in relation to this matter.
Mr. THAYER. Will the gentleman allowme
to ask bima question?
* Mr. MORRILL. Certainly.
Mr. THA YER. If the gentleman is in favor
of maintaining the existing law, I would lfke to
  I
ask him why he is in'favor of passing every yea*
a remedial act which is in the, face of the existing
law, and which gives, contrary to the existing
law,validity to instruments from which the stamps
have been omitted.
Mr. MORRILL. That has been rendered
necessary tn consequence of the ignorance of the
people that we had a stamp law. When it shall
come to be thoroughly understood here in this
country as it has long been in England that all of
these instruments must have a stamp, it will then
be possible for us to remove the severity of the
penalties that are now imposed. But if it is the
purpose of Congress to collect any considerabln
duty upon stamps, it is indispensable that we
shall maintain this provision. I think it would
at least rob us of half our revenue. Parties ii,
business who could rely upon the honor of one
another that they would take no advantage of the
penal statute would, of course, go on with at'
kinds of business and there would be no remedy
for it; we should be utterly incapable of enfor-
cing any penalty upon parties who might have
ever so numerous transactions daily, each one
relying upon the honor of the other that they
would not be pursued by any penalties, and there-
by the Treasury would suffer, as I think, im-
mensely.
Now, Mr. Speaker, there is another amend-
ment offered by thegentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens;] and there is no man in this House
who has a more hearty admiration for the vigor-
ous intellect of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
than myself; but I will say, as he said of me yes-
terday, that if this proposition had not been pre-
sented by him, I would have regarded itas absurd.
Mr. Speaker, when A patient becomes so low
as to adopt quack medicines, his case becomes a
desperate one, and I regard this measure as very
much in the nature of a quack medicine. Let me
call the attention of the House for a single mo-
ment to the utter absurdity of this proposition.
Thegentleman proposes to tax ail sales of gold
unless it be for the purpose of paying duties or
for exportation. That would prevent even the
miner from selling the coin which he produces.
It would operate mischievously in all of our gold
and silver-producing States, where they have no
currency but gold and silver, and all business is
conducted on the basis of coin.
Mr. STEVENS. I have already modified it
so as to except " miners of the precious metals."
And the gentleman will allow me to say that I
intend to ask liberty before the vote is taken to
modify it so as to suit my own absurd notions.
[Laughter.]
1 propose to add the following:
Nor to any person wbo has received gold or coin for
interest on the public debt and sells, the sa,ne, nor whieh
was received in the regular course of business other than
by traffic in com lor speculative purposes.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not know what thegen-
tleman from Pennsylvania proposes to do. I
must take the bill as I find it.
Now, sir, suppose that a jeweler desires to
purchase com for the making of silver spoons for
a girl about to be married, under this bill there
would be the penal sum of ten per cent, imposed
upon the purchase. So, too, the dentist could
not buy coin or gold for the manufacture of teeth
without paying this penalty. The use of the
precious metals except for duties on imports and
for exportation would be prohibited. The gold-
leaf manufacturer would be taxed out of exist-
ence, and so of all others who make use of silver
in the manufacture of plate, trimmings, &c.
The gentleman has stated that tiie revenue to
be derived from this source would amount to
S3,000,000 per day if the whole tax should be
collected. Now, if that idea should be adopted,
of course we would collect $1,095,000,000 a year
on this article I
Mr. Speaker, I trust that the vote to-day will
show that the vote given on yesterday was given
in mere good nature, and that when we come to
record our seiious opinion, it will not go on to
the record for any such proposition as this. We
have tried these extravagant penalties, and they
have miserably failed as they always will. A tax:
of ยง1,000in imposed fora license asa gold and bul-
lion broker. We imposed such a license tax as
that upon that unpopular class of our community
who deal in lottery tickets, and it was found ut-
terly impossible to enforce it; wc cannot iniposa
