138
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
Chair, and he appeared to be engaged in conver-
sation with a gentleman near him, and did not
object.
Mr. COBB. I move that the bill be laid on the
table.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suppose it is in order to
move a reference of the bill to the Committee for
the District of Columbia?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. HOLMAN. I make that motion.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
42, noes 43; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER thereupon ordered tellers; and
appointed Mr. Holman, and Mr. Davis of New
York.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 50, noes 45.
So the bill was referred to the Committee for
the District of Columbia.
Mr. HOLMAN moved that the vote last taken
be reconsidered; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DELEGATE EKOM MONTANA.
Mr. COLE, of Washington. I rise to a ques-
tion of privilege. The Delegate-elect from the
Territory of Montana, Mr. Samuel McLean, is
present, and I ask that he may be sworn in.
Mr. McLean' thereupon presented himself at
the Speaker's desk and was duly qualified by
taking the oaths prescribed by the Constitution
and by the act of July 2, 1864.
PENSION APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 ask unanimous consent to
take from the Speaker's table the general pension
appropriation bill returned from the Senate with
an amendment, in order to act upon the amend-
ment.
Mr. TOWNSEND. I object.
ABOLITION OF SLAVERY.
Mr. ASHLEY. I desire to call up this morn-
ing, pursuant to notice previously given, the mo-
tion to reconsider the vote by which the joint
resolution proposing an amendment to the Con-
stitution in reference to slavery was rejected.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does the gentleman cull it
up for action to-day?
Mr. ASHLEY. No, sir; but for discussion,
intending to allow that discussion to run on until
the House sees fit to order the main question to
be put.
The SPEAXCER. This being private bill day,
it requires a majority vote to set aside the con-
sideration of private bills.
The consideration of private bills was set aside
by a majority vote, and the motion to reconsider
was taken up.
Mr. ASULEY. Mr. Speaker, " Ifslavery h
not wrong, nothing is wrong." Thus simply and
truthfully has spoken our worthy Chief Magis-
tiufe.
The proposition before us is, whether this uni-
versally acknowledged wrong shall bo continued
or abolished. Shall it receive the sanction of the
American Congress by the rejection of this propo-
sition, or shall it be condemned as an intolerable
wrong by its adoption?
If slavery hud never been known in the United
States, and the proposition should be made in
Congress to-day to authorize the people of the
several States to enslave any portion of our own
people or the people ofany other country, it would
be universally denounced as an infamous and
criminal proposition, and its author would be ex-
ecrated, and justly, by all right-thinking men,
and held to be an enemy of the human race.
► I do not believe such a proposition could secure
a single vote in this House; and yet we all know
that a number of gentlemen who could not be in-
duced to enslave a single free man will neverthe-
less vote to keep millions of men in slavery, who
are by nature and the laws of God as much en-
titled to their freedom as we are. I will not at-
tempt to explain this strange inconsistency or
make an argument to show its fallacy. 1 content
myself with simply stating the fact.
It would seem as if no man favorable to peace,
concord, and a restored Union could hesitate for a
moment as to how he should vote on this proposi-
tion. Certainly, whatever of strife, sectional bit-
terness, and personal animosity these Halls have
witnessed since my appearance in Congress, or,
indeed, I may say, since the organization of par-
•ties in 183&, slavery has usually been the sole
cause. No observer of our history, or of the po-
litical parties which have been organized and dis-
banded, now hesitates to declare that slavery is
the cause of this terrible civil war. All who un-
derstand anything of our troubles, either in this
country or Europe, now know that but for sla-
very there would have been no rebellion in this
country to-day.
In the very nature of things it was impossible
for a Government organized as ours to endure
half slave and half free; and nothing can be clearer
to the reader of history than that the men who
made our Constitution never expected nor desired
the nation to remain half slave and half free. Our
fathers were men of ideas, and they believed that
with the adoption of the Constitution slavery
would cease to exist. Sir, while demanding lib-
erty for themselves, and proclaiming to the world
the inalienable right of all men to life, liberty, and
the pursuit of happiness, they were not guilty of
the infamy of making a Constitution which, by
any fair rules of construction, ran be interpreted
into a denial of liberty, happiness, and justice to
an entire race.
That the founders of the Republic were sadly
disappointed in their expectations that slavery
would cease on the adoption of the national Con-
stitution is undoubtedly true. Instead of dis-
appearing as they confidently expected, circum-
stances unforeseen by thf>m so strengthened sla-
very that in less than eighty yeaia it became
the dominant interest in the nation, and in 1SG0
openly demanded the entire control of the national
Government. Because this demand was refused
by the free laboring men of the North the slave-
masters of the South organized this the most
wicked of all rebellions, and for nearly four long
yeai a have waged this terrible war with the avowed
purpose of destroying the best form ofgovern merit
ever vouchsafed to man, in order to establish in
its stead a Government whose corner-stone should
be human slavery. This is the logic of the con-
test. It has at last so fully developed itself that
all the world, including its most stupid editors,
now undeistaml it. The Government of our fa-
thers must either be maintained, and slavery die,
or slavery must live and the Government be de-
stroyed. The conflict is irrepressible," and
beyond compromise. The nation cannot longer
endure half slave and half free.
llnd statesmen administered this Government
for the past thirty years instead of the trading
politicians who have disgraced it, first by apolo-
gizing for, then justifying, and at last openly de-
fending slavery as a right guarantied by the na-
tional Constitution, we should have had no such
desolating war as we have in this country to-day.
1 If the national Constitution had been rightfully
interpreted, and the GovemmeiUorgamzed under
it properly administered, slavery could not have
legally existed in this country tor a single hour,
and practically buta few yeata after the adoption
of the Constitution. Only because the funda-
mental principles of the Government have been
persistently violated in its administration, and the
Constitution grossly perverted by the courts, is
it nccessary to-day to pass the amendment now
under consideration. I say this much in vindi-
cation of the memory of the great and good men
who, when establishing this Government, made
a Constitution winch to-day is the best known
among men.
As for myself, I do not believe any constitution
can legalize the enslavement of men. 1 do not
believe any Government, democratic or despotic,
can rightfully make a single slave, and that which
I a Government cannot rightfully do it cannot righi-
, fully or legally authorize or even permit its sub-
; ject to do. I do not believe that there can be legally
t such a thing as property in man. A majority in
j a republic cannot rightfully enslave the minority,
nor can the accumulated decrees of courts or the
musty precedents of Governments make oppres-
sion just. I do not, however, wish to go into a
discussion ofthe question of slavery as an abstract
question. It is a system so at war with human
nature, so revoking and brutal, and is withal so at
variance with the precepts of Christianity and
I every idea of justice, so absolutely indefensible in
I itself, that I will not uncoverits hideous blackness
i and thus harrow up my own and the feelings of
others by a description of its disgusting hoirors,
or an attempted recital of its terrible barbarism
and indescribable villainy.
It is enough for me to know that slavery has
forced this terrible civil warupon us; a war which
we could not have avoided, if we would, without
an unconditional surrender to its degrading de-
mands. It has thus attempted to strike a death-
blow at the national life. 11 has shrouded the land,
in mourning and filled it with widows and orphans.
It has publicly proclaimed itself the enemy of the
Union and our unity as a fiee people. Irs bar-
barities have no parallel in the world's history.
The enormities committed by it upon our Union
prisoners of war were never equaled In atrocity
since the creation of man.
For more than thirty years past there is no
crime known among men which it has not com-
mitted under the sanction of law. It has bound
men and wou^n in chains, and even the children
of the slave-master, and sold them in the public
shambleslike beasts. Under the plea of Christian-
izing them it has enslaved, beaten, maimed, and
robbed millions of men for whose salvation the
Man of sorrows died. It so constituted its courts
that the complaints and appeals of these people
could not be heard by reason of the decision
" that black men had no rights which white men
were bound to respect." It has for many years
defied the Government and trampled upon the
national Constitution, by kidnapping, impiison-
ing, mobbing, and murdering white citizens of the
United States guilty of no oftense except protest-
ing against its terrible crimes. It has silenced
every free pulpit within its control, and debauched
thousands which ought to have been independent.
It has denied the masses of poor white children
within its power the pi ivilege of free schools, and
made free speech and a free press impossible within
its domain; while ignorance, poverty, and vice are
almost universal wheiever it dominates. Such is
slavery, our mortal enemy, and these are but a
tithe of its crimes. No nation could adoptacode
of laws which would sanction such enoimines,
and live. No man deserves the name of states-
man who would consent that such a monster should
live in the Republic for a single hour.
Mr. Speaker, if slavery is wrong and criminal,
as the great body of enlightened and Chnslian
men admit, it is certainly our duty to abolish it,
if we have the power. Have we the power?
The fifth article of the Constitution of the United
States reads as follows:
" The Congress, whenever two thirds of both Homes shall
deem it iiece -«aiy, shall piopose iuneiuhnentd to thw Con-
stilntiori, or, on 'the application ol the Legislature* of two
thirds ol the seveinl States, shall call a convention for pro-
pot.ni!  amendments, winch, in either ease, shall be valid to
all intents and purposes,a> p.utol this Constitution, when
ratified by the Leniflaunes of tineo iouiths of the sevciai
States, oi by convention-; in thiee fourths thereof, as one or
the other mode ol i.uihe.uion inaj beptopoM'd by the Con-
gie«s; pmvided tli.it no amendment which may tie made
pnor to the year 18J8 hliall in any manner affeet the first
and tomtli cLiu-es m the ninth section of" the article;
and that no State, without its? consent, shall be deprived of
its equal sufliagc in the Senate."
The question which first presents itself in ex-
amining this provision of the Constitution is,
what constitutes two thirds of both Houses? or,
what, in the eye of the Constitution, is two thirds
of the House of Representatives ? Is it two thirds
of the entire number of members to which all the
States,including the States in rebellion, would be
entitled, if they were all now represented, or is
it two thirds of the members who have been
elected and qualified?
This question would have entered largely into the
discussion of the subject now under consideration
had not your predecessor, Mr. Speaker, decided,
and this House sustained him in declaring, that a
majority of the members electcd and recognized by
the Mouse made a constitutional quorum.
It has, so far as the action of this body can dis-
pose of the question, been authoritatively settled,
and settled as I think it should have been, by
declaring that a majoiity of the members elected
and qualified constitutes a quorum, and that two
thirds ot a quorum can constitutionally pass this
amendment. The question having been thus dis-
posed of, I do not care to make an argument in
support of a proposition thus authoritatively
settled.
My colleague from the first district, [Mr. Pen-
dleton,] in a speech which he made at the last
session against the passage of this amendment,
