140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
distant States, and makes them also invincible.
It-is objected that if we pass this proposition the
requisite number of States cannot now be secured
foTits adoption. In answerto this objection I have
to-say that Congress has not, in submitting the
proposed amendment, limited the time in which
the States shall adopt it; nor has Congress at-
tempted authoritatively to declare that it will re-
quire the ratification of twenty-seven States to
adopt this amendment.
I hold that whenever three fourths of the States
torn, represented in Congress give their consent to
lis proposition it will legally become a part of
the national Constitution, unless other States, now
without civil governments known to the Consti-
tution, establish governments such as Congress
shall recognize, and such States, together with
any new States which may be admitted, shall be
represented in Congress before three fourths of
the States now represented adopt the proposed
amendment; in which event the States thus rec-
ognized oradmitted must be added to the number
of States now represented in Congress, and the
ratification of three fourths of the States thus rec-
ognized, and none others, is all that will be re-
quired to adopt this amendment.
I lay it down as a proposition which 1 do not be-
lieve can be successfully controverted, that neither
the Constitution of the United States nor the con-
stituted authorities under it can know of the ex-
istence of a State in this Union unless it has a
civil government organized in subordination to
and working in harmony with the national Con-
stitution. This principle has been fully recog-
nized by ail the coordinate branches of the Gov-
ernment since the outbreak of the rebellion. In
this House we have authoritatively declared that
a majority of the members elected and qualified
are aquorum competent to transact business. The
Senate at this session have adopted this rule also.
Two thirds of this quorurrt, then, if this decision
be correct, as I believe it is, may constitutionally
pass the proposition before us. If we may con-
stitutionally pass this amendment by a vote of
two thirds of a quorum of this House and Sen-
ate as now constituted, three fourths of the States
now represented in Congress may constitutionally
adopt it,provided they do so before any new States
are admitted, or before a rebel State government
is organized and recognized by the joint action of
Congress and the Executive. I believe this is the
true theory of the Constitution. Certainly it is
the only theory consistent with national exist-
ence. If we adopt the theory that a State once
a State is always a State we have no safety from
factions and revolutions. Suppose that within
the territorial jurisdiction known on the map of
the United States as South Carolina there should
be no civil government organized in the next fifty
years such as Congress will recognize, do gentle-
men claim that at the expiration of that time the
old State organization would still be in existence,
and that in order to secure the adoption of a con-
stitutional amendment such a State ought to be
included in the numhor from which the constitu-
tional three fourths of thcStatesmust be secured
for the ratification of an amendment? If not, then
with what propriety can it be claimed as neces-
sary to-day? The constitutional State govern-
ment of South Carolina is as completely destroyed
at this moment as though their Representatives
had not been in these Halls, or their local gov-
ernment recognized by Congress for the past fifty
years. Certainly no thoughtful man who has
carefully examined this subject will defend the
absurdity of the constitutional existence of polit-
ical communities which we call States after their
constitutional State governments have been de-
stroyed by the action of their own citizens.
Speeches were made at the last session, and in-
deed at every session of Congress since the rebel-
lion, to prove that the several acts of secession of
the rebel States being illegal, were therefore void,
and that the State constitutions in those States not
only remained, but that the government of such
States could at any time be putin motion without
the consent of Congress, whenever ten or more
loyal men could be found to assume the Govern-
orship and a few of the subordinate offices there-
in. Loyal citizens of the rebel States are fast
being cured of this fallacy. They have learned
by expetience that the Government of the United
St.iti-x is snpieme, and that local governments in
rebel ftt.iu'p cannot be put in motion without the
consent of Congress. The mass of men did not
at first seem to recognize the fact that while acts
of secession were illegal and void as affecting the
rights of the national Government, its jurisdiction
and sovereignty, nevertheless it was such a crime
that those committing it forfeited all rights guar-
antied them by the national Constitution under
their State organization.
Mr. Speaker, can there be such a thing known
to our national Constitution as a State without a
constitutional government? In my opinion, sir,
a State government, to be constitutional, must be
organized and act in subordination to the na-
tional Constitution and in obedience to the laws
of Congress. The national Constitution requires
the officers in eacfi State to swear to support it
while discharging the duties of any State office
to which they may have been elected or appointed.
If a State does not act in subordination to the
national Constitution,and its officers do not take
an oath to support it, and they send no Senators
or Representatives to Congress, there can be no
constitutional State government in such State.
Add to this the crime of secession, rebellion, and
levying war, and the taking of an oath by the
officers of such State to support another and a hos-
tile government, and I claim it terminates of ne-
cessity, and of rightought to terminate, the exist-
ence of a constitutional government in every such
State. In a constitutional point of view, it" there
is no loyal State government, such as I have de-
scribed, but in its stead a government unknown
to the Constitution established by the action of its
citizens, then, in fact, there is no constitutional
State government, and, of course, no State known
to the Constitution. ThcStates then in rebellion
have no constitutional governments. They have
civil organizations, however, hostile to the Uni-
ted States; organizations which are recognized as
tie facto rebel governments. When the rebellion
is suppressed there will be no constitutional State
governments, in fact, in one of the rebel States,
and certainly the rebel de facto government cannot
remain or be recognized by us after the rebellion
is put down. The people residing within the
limits of these so-called States will be under the
exclusive jurisdiction of Congress, because in
point of fact they cannot be subject to the laws
of a State which has no State government known
to the national Constitution.
I may be answered that it is the duty of Con-
gress to guaranty to each State a republican form
of government, and that this provision of the Con-
stitution implies the continued existence of the
State, although its government may have been
overthrown by violence or by the deliberate acts
of a majority of its citizens. Grant it, for the
sake of the argument, but what will be the legal
condition of such State if the minority do not call
upon Congress to secure them a republican gov-
ernment ? What will be its condition if Congress,
in the exercise of its constitutional power, at-
tempts to secure such State a republican govern-
ment and loyal citizens cannot be found m suffi-
cient numbers to maintain a State government?
Is not the condition of such State for the time
being that of a quasi Territory ? Certainly, dur-
ing the time it remains in rebellion and is unable
to maintain a State'government it is not_a State.
If so, then, for practical purposes, whetherof na-
tional administration or for the adoption of this
amendment, States in rebellion and without civil
governments which Congress can recognize, are
not States within the meaning of the Constitu-
tion, and cannot act upon this amendment to the
Constitution, or do any other act which a loyal
State of the Union may lawfully do.
In pursuing this argument we must keep
steadily in view the fact that the United States
are not a confederation, but a nation; that the na-
tional Constitution is the supreme law of the land,
and that the Government organized under it is
clothed with the sovereignty of the whole people.
The first and highest allegiance is due from the
citizen to the national Government; he isalso sub-
ject to the laws constitutionally enacted by his own
local State government. If there be no local State
government in existence the citizen is legally sub-
ject only to the laws of Congress. In the absence
of a constitutional State government in any por-
tion of the territory of the United States, where
a State government formerly existed, Congress
has all the authority of a State government with-
in such territory. If, then, in the rcbclliousStatcs
there is no constitutional civil governments, are
they States within the contemplation of the Con-
stitution? I.again ask the question,can there be
such a thing known to our national Constitution
as a State without a constitutional government?
If not, then the rebel States, having no constitu-
tionally organized civil governments, are not
States within the meaning of the Constitution, and
the territory and the citizens residing therein are
subject to the jurisdiction of Congress the same
as citizens in any Territory of the United States.
If the contrary theory is true, that a State once
a State is always a State, nothing can be clearer
to my mind than that the Constitution ought to be
so amended at once as to make it impossible for a
minority of the States to destroy the Government,
as they might do every four years, if the Electoral
College failed to elect a President and Vice Presi-
dent of the United States.
In the event of the Electoral College failing to
elect, the duty devolves on the House of Repre-
sentatives; each State having one vote. Two
thirds of all the States must be present, and a
majority of all the States is required to elect a
President. The same rule applies when a Vice
President is to be elected by the Senate. These
are the words of the Constitution:
" But in choosing the President, the votes shall be taken
by Suites, the representation from each State having one
vote; a quorum for this purpose shall consist of a member
or members from two thirds of tiie States."
Now, suppose that from any cause two of the
States represented here were not represented, and
there were but twenty-three States represented in
this House, and there had been no election ill
1864 of a President by the Electoral College.
The election for President in that event would
have devolved on this House.
Would you, Mr. Speaker, have decided when
the question was raised, as it would have been,
" Is there a constitutional quorum present,"that
itrequired the presence of members in this House
from two thirds of the States, inciudingthe eleven
rebel States; or in other words, that twenty-four
States must be represented here, and that it would
require a majority of thirty-six States, or nineteen
votes, to elect the President? If you would have
so decided, and this Houseshouldhavc sustained
that decision, and if but twenty-three States'were
present, there would have been an end of the Gov-
ernment. If we could not proceed to elect a Pres-
ident with the Representatives of twenty-three out
of the twenty-five loyal States the Government
would have fallen to pieces for the want of an Ex-
ecutive. If the duty of electing a President had
devolved on this House at this session, and but
twenty-three States were present, the question
would not only have been raised as to what con-
stituted a quorum, but the question also as to
whether we should receive and count the electoral
votes which, in the event of no election of Pres-
ident by the Electoral College, would probably
have been seat here from several of the rebel States
toembarrass, distract, and divide us. Sir, no loyal
man can contemplate a contingency such as I have
suggested without a shudder. If the theory that
a State once a State is always a State is to obtain
in the national administration, there is no safety
or security for the Government. I do notknow,
sir, how you would have decided such a question
if it had been raised under circumstances such as
I have suggested; but I have faith to believe that
you would have decided as I would have decided,
that this House cannot know of the existence of a
State in this Union which has not a civil government
organized in subordination to and working in har-
mony with the national Constitution. Any other
decision would have been fatal to our national
existence. Let us not set a bad precedent now
by declaring that it will require the ratification of
twenty-seven States to secure the adoption of this
constitutional amendment.
Mr. Speaker, I find ample authority in the Con-
stitution for the national Government to protect
itself against any action which a minority of the
States might attempt by confederating againstit.
The Constitution clothes Congress with the power
" todeclarethepunishmentoftreason." Itclothes
Congress with all power necessary to defend and
preserve the Government which it created. "Levy-
ing war against the United States" is declared
by the Constitution to be treason. A State which,
by its constituted authorities, supported by a ma-
jority of its citizens, enters into any " treaty, alii-
