906
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
Griswold, Harding, Harrington, CharlesM. Harris, Herrick,
Asahel VV. Hubbard, Htitchins,lngersoll, Jenckes, William
Johnson, Kalbfleisch, Orlando Kellogg, Kernan, King,
Knapp, Lazear, Le Blond, Liulejohn, Long, Maicy, Mar-
vin, McAllister, Wilham II. Miller, James II. Alorris,Moiri-
RODj Nelson, Noble, Odell, John O'Ne.H, Pendleton, Pike,
Pruyn, Radford, William !I. Randal!, John II. Riee, James
S. Rollins, Ross, Scofield, Spalding. John B. Steele, Wii-
ii;im G. Steele, Stuart, Thayer,Thomas,Townsend, Tracy,
Wadswortb, Ward, Whaley, Joseph W. White, Wmfieid,
Fernando Wood, and Yeaman—84.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison. Ames, Baily, John D. Baldwin,
BaMer, Beaman, Boutwell, Boyd, Biooinall, Cobb, Cole,
Thomas T. Davis, Demmg, Driggs, Eekley, Farnsworth,
Garfield, Gooch, Grider, Higby, Hooper, John H. Hubbaul,
Huiburd, Julian, Kasson, Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg,
Knox, Loan, Longvear, MeClurg, Samuel F. Miller. Moor-
jiead, Morrill, Daniel Morris, Leonard Myer«, Norton,
Charles O'Neill, Patterson, Perham, Pomeroy, Edward H.
RoHins, Schenck, Shannon, Smith, Smithers, Starr, Ste-
vens. Up-on, Van Valkenburgh,Elihu B. Washburno, Wil-
liam's. Wa*hburn, Wheeler, Williams, Wilder, Wilson,
Woodbridga, and Worthington—58.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. William J. Allen, Alley, Blair,
CreswelJ, Heniy Winter Davis, Dawes, Donnelly, Frank,
Grinnell, Hale, Hall, Benjamin G. Flan is, Holman, notch-
kiss, Philip Johnson, Law, Mallory, McBude, McDowell,
McTndoc, McKimipy. Middleton, Amos Myers, Orth, Perry,
Price, Samuel J. Randal^ Alexander II. Rice, Robinson,
Rogers, Scott, Sloan, Stiles, Strouse, Sweat, Voorhees,
Webster, Chilton A. White, Windom, and Benjamin Wood
-40.
So the amendment was adopted.
Thirty-eighth amendment:
Add to the amendment just adopted, the following:
That section one hundred and three be amended by add-
ing the following after the word "vehicle:"
Provided, That this section shall not apply to those teams,
wagons, and vehicles used in transporting logs for lumber
from the foiests to the place or places of manufacture, or
to tue teams or vehicles used in the transportation of ores
from the mines where the same are excavated to the place
whore thry are reduced or worked.
The amendment was agreed to.
Forty-third amendment:
On page 27, commencing with line six hundred and fifty-
three, t-trike out the following:
Anil there shall also be deducted the income derived from
dividend-* on .shares in the capital s'.ock of any bank, trust
company, savings institution, insurance, railroad, canal,
turnpike, canal navigation, or slack-water company, and
the interest on any bonds or other evidences ot indobt* d-
ncssof any such corporation or company, which shall have
been assessed and the tax paid, as hereinafter provided.
The amendment wag agreed to.
Forty-eighth amendment:
After the word " note" in tlio eight hundredth line, page
33, insert the words:
Except instruments for the conveyance of lands and tene-
ments.
The amendment was rejected; there being, on a
division—ayes 47, noes 49.
Forty-ninth amendment:
On page 3^, commencing with line eight hundred and
five, strike out the following :
That no deed, instrument, document, writing, or paper,
required by law to be stamped, which was made, signed,
or issued prior to the 1st day of August, 3864, without being
duly stamped, or with a deficient stamp, nor anv copy
thereof, shall be recorded or admitted or used as evidence
in any couit until a legal s-tamp or stamp*, denoting the
amount of duty, shall have been affixed thereto, and the
date when the same is so used or affixed, with hu initiate,
shall have been placed theieon by the person using the
same ; and the person desiring to u«e or iecord any'ftuch
deed, instrument, document, witling, or paper, as evidence,
his agent orartouiev, is authorized, m the presence of the
comt. register, or recorder, leapectivclv, to affix themmp
or stamps llicieon required: And pro luted further, That
no insti ument, document, or paper, made, signed, or issued
pnoi to said 1-t day of August, 1864. without being duly
stamped, or having thereon an adhe?ive stamp or stamps to
denote the duty imposed thereon, shall, for that cause, if
the stamp or stamps required shall besu'^cquetuly alined,
be deemed invalid and ofnotfikt; and the holder thereof,
oi any person desiring fo tise the same, his agent or attor-
ney. is authorized to affix thereon the stamp or stamps re-
quired.
And inspit in lieu thereof the following :
That hereafter in all cases where the party ha* not
affixed to any instrument required bv the one hundred and
fitty-first section of the act of June 30, 1864, or schedule
maiked " C5 thereunto annexed, the stamp thereby re-
quued to be thereunto affixed at the funeof makingori^u-
ing said instrument, and lie, or they, or any party having
rin mleiest therein shall be subsequently desirous of affix- I
itig such stamp to  aid instrument, he or they shall appear J
before the collector of the revenue of the proper district, i
who shall, upon the paymentof the price of the pioperstamp
reqmred by law and a penalty of flit} dollars, and, when the
whole amount of the dutv denoted by the stamp required
shall exceed the sum of fifty dollars, on payment also of
interest at the late of six per ccnt. on said duiv from the
day on which such stamp ought to hav« been ailixed,affix
the pioper stamp to such iusttument, and note upon the
maigm of said insti ument the date of his so doing and the
fact that >uch penalty has been paid; and such instrument
shall thereupon he deemed and held to be as valid to all
intents and purposes as if stamped when made or issued:
Jlnd jiroii'led further, That where it shall appeal to said col-
lector, upon oath or otherwise to his, satisfaction, that any
such instrument has not been duly stamped at the tunc of
making or lsbumg the tame by reason of accident, mistake,
inadvertence, or urgent necessity, and without any willful
design to defraud the United States of the stamp duty or to
evade or delay the payment thereof,then and in such case,
if such iustiument shall within twelve calendar months
after the making or issuing thereof be brought to the said
collector of revenue to be stamped and the stamp duly
chargeable thereon shall be paid, it shall be lawful for the
said collector to remit the penalty aforesaid and to cause
such instrument to be duly stamped.
The amendment was agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes seventy-eight, noes not counted.
Fifty-fourth amendment:
In section three, line eight, strike out the words "payable
in coin."
The amendment was agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes seventy-five, noes not counted.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. Speaker, I ask the con-
sent of the gentleman from Vermont and of the
House to strike out the proviso on page 36,
which is necessary in order to make the bill con-
gruous with itself in view of the amendment we
have just adopted.
Mr. MORRILL. I am in the hope that the
Senate will reject the amendment of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania. If they think that the
amendment of the gentleman is right, they can
strike out this proviso.
Mr. THAYER. I do not understand the gen-
tleman from Vermont to object, and 1 ask unani-
mous consent to have the proviso stricken out.
Mr. HOOPER. I object.
Fifty-fifth amendment:
Page 38, after section four, insert as a new section the
following:
And be it farther enacted, That all persons licensed un-
der the provisions of this act, or the act to which this is
an amendment, and who are engaged in sales of goods,
wares, or merchandise, ot articles produced or manufac-
tured, whether foreign or domestic, shall within ten days
after the 1st day of each and every month, make return
under oath or affirmation of the amount of goods, wares,
and merchandise, or articles sold during the month pre-
ceding, and shall pay thereon a tax of one half of one per
cent.; and all such persons, in the assessment and collec-
tion of the tax imposed by this section, shall be subject to
the provisions of law relating to the assessment and col-
lection of taxes of inanufaeiutes mentioned in the eighty-
second section of the act to which this is an amendment,
as far as the s-atne are applicable.
Mr. WILSON. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 62, nays 75, not voting 45; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Ashley, John D. Baldwin, Bea-
man, Blow, Bouiweli. Boyd, Brandegee, James S. Brown,
Ambrose VV. Clark, Freeman Clarke, Cobb. Cole, Thomas
T.Davis, Dixon, Dnggs. Eekley, Eliot, Farn'sworth, Gooch,
Htgby, John H. Hubbard, Huiburd, Jenckes, Ka«son, Kel-
ley, Francis W. Kellogj;, Otlando Kellogg, Knox, LiUle-
john, Loan, Longyear, MeClurg, Samuel F. Miller, Moor-
head, Daniel Morris, Leonard Myers, Nelson. Norton,
Odell, Charles OrNeilI, Patterson, Perham, Pike, Pomeroy,
Alexander U. Rice, John H. Rice, Edward li. Rollins,
Schenck, Shannon, Smith, Stnithers, Spalding, Starr,
Tracy, Upson, Van Valkenburgh, William B Washburn,
Wheeler, Williams, Wilder, and Fernando Wood—62.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Allison, Ancoua. Ar-
nold, Daily, Augustus C. Baldwin, Baxter, Blame, Bliss,
Brooks, Biooman, William G. Brown, Chanler, Clav,
/I,U   I^   >■ n ...
M. Ham*, Derrick, Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, Inger-
soll, W iliiam Tobnson, Kalbftpi-sch, Kernan, King, Knapp,
Lazear, Le Blond, Long, Mallory, Marcy, Mai vin, Mc-
Allister,William H. Miller, Mori ill. James K. Morris Amos
Myers, isoble, John O'Neill, Pendleton, I'ruvn, Wiiham
H. Randall, James S. Rollins, Ros«,, Scofield, John B
Steele, Wiiham G. Steele. Stevens. Stuart, Thayer, Wad*-
woith, Watd, Elihu B. WaMiburne, Whaley, Joseph W.
White, Wilson. WinfieJd, and Woodbridge—75.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. William J. Allen, Alley, An-
derson. Blair, Henry Winter Davis, Dawes, Donnelly,Du-
monr, Frank, Grinnell. Hale, Hall, Benjamin G. Tianis,
Holman, Notching Hutehins, Philip Johnson. Julian,
Law. McBride, McDowell,Mclndoe, McKmney.' Middle-
ton, Morrison, Orth, Peiry, Price, Radford, Samuel J. Ran-
dall, Robinson, Rogers, ficott, Sloan, Stiles, Strouse,
Sweat, Thomas, Tovvnsend, Voorhees, Weh-ter, Chilton
A. White, Windom, Benjamin Wood, Worthington. and
Yeauian—4o.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
Fifty-sixth amendment:
Add as a new section :
•Sndheitjurtkei waded, That every national banking
association, State bank, or State banking association, shall
pay a tax of ten per cent, on the amount of notes of any
State bank oi state banking association paid out by them
alter the lot day of January, 18G6.
Mr. PRCJYN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 68, nays 67, not voting 47;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, ArnoJd, Ashley, Baxter,
Beaman, Blaine, Blow, Boutwell, Boyd, Brandegee,
Brooks, Broomalt, Freeman Clarke, Cobb, ('ol*, Crewel!,
Thomas T. Davis, Dixon, i)rig?s, Kekley, Eliot, Fania-
worth, Gariield, Gooch, ilurby, Hooper, Asanei W. Hub-
bard, John li. Hubbard. Ingers'Oli, Jeriekes, J ulian, K?u*on,
Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, Oiiando KHIngt;, Knox, Lit-
tlejohn, Loneyear, Marvin, MeClurg, Samuel F. Miller,
Moorhead, Daniel.Morris, Amos Myer.-, Leonard Myers,
Norton, Charles O'Neill, Paiteison, Perham, Pike, Alex-
ander II. Rice, John II. Rice, Schenek, Keolield, Shannon,
Snmh, Smithers, Spalding, Starr. Thayer, Tracy, Up<on,
Elihu B. Washburne, William B. Washburn, Williams,
Wilder, Wilson, and Woodbridge—08.
NAYS—Messrs. JamosC. Allen, Anrona, Baify, Augus-
tus C. Baldwin, James S. Brown, William G. Brown, Chan-
ler, Clay, Coffioth, Cox,Cravens, Daw-on, Doming, Dem-
son, Eden, Edgerton, Eldridsf, English, Fmck, Gallon,
Grider, Griswold, Harding, Ilamngton, Charie< M. Harris,
Derrick, Ilulburd, William Johnson, Kalhflet<eh, Kernan,
King, Knapp, Lazear, Le Blond, Malfoiy, Marc>, Mc-
Allister, William H Miller. Morrill, Jame* R. Morris, Mor-
rison, Nelson, Noble, Odell, John O'Neill, Pendleton,
Pomeroy, Pruyn, Radlord, Edward II. Rollins, James d.
Rollins,'Ross, John B. Steele, William G. Sicile, Stevens,
Stuart, Sweat, Town^end, Wadsworth, Ward. Whaley,
Wheeler, Joseph VV. White, Winfieid, Fernando Wood,
and Yeaman—67.
NOT VOTING—Mossrn. William J. Allen, Alley, An-
derson, John D. Baldwin, Blair, Bli^s, Ambrose W. Clark,
Heniy Winter Davis, Dawes, Donnelly, Dumout, Frank,
Grinnell, Hale, Hall, Benjamin G. Hanis. Holman, Hoteh-
ki-ss, Ilutchm*-, Philip Johnson, Law, Loan, Long, Mc-
Bride, McDowell, Mclndoe, McKmney, Middleton, Orth,
Perry, Price, Samuel J. Randall, William II. Randall,
Robinson, Rogeis, 5*cott, Sloan, Stile?', Strouse, Thomas,
Van Valkenburgh, Voorhees, VVebs-ter, Chilton A. White,
Windom, Benjamin Wood, and Worthington—-17.
So the amendment was adopted.
During the vote,
Mr. VAN VALKENBURGH stated that he
was paired with Mr. Alley, who was detained
at home by an accident, and that he would have
voted in the negative while Mr. Alley would
have voted in the affirmative.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
Mr. BROOKS. I changed my vote merely for
the purpose of enabling me to move to reconsider.
I desire to change my name back again.
The SPEAKER. That cannot be done, as the
vote has been announced.
Mr. BROOKS. Then I move to reconsider the
vote last taken.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. GANSON. Upon that I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and there were—yeas
71, nays 71, not voting 40; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnold, A-bley, John D.
Baxter, Beaman, Blame, Blow. Boutwell, Boyd, Braude-
gee, Broomalt, Freeman Clarke. Cobb, Cole,*Thorna> T.
i)avis, Dixon, Driggs, Eekley, Eliot, Farn?worth, Ga^V'ld,
Gooch, Iligbv, Hooper, Asahcl W. Hubbard. John li. Hub-
bard, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Julian, Iva^son, Kellej, Francis
W. Kellogg, Orlando ICellogs:, Koox, Liulejohn, Loan,
Lnngyear, Mai vin, MeClurg, Samuel F. Miller, Mo'-ilnad,
Daniel Morris, Amos Myers, Leonoid M>er>, Norton,
Charles O'Neill, Patter-am, Perham, Pike, William II Ran-
dall, Alexander II. Rice, John II. Rice, Schenck, Sco-
field. Shannon, Smith, Smithers, Spaldina, ^tarr. Tluuor,
Thomas, Tracy, Upson, Elihu B. WaMiburne. William I).
Washburn, Williams, Wilder, Wilson, and'Woodbridge
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Ancona, Raliv, Au«nj*.
tu-, C. Baldwin, Bliss, Brooks. James S. BrownJ WitUain
G. Brown, Chanler, Ambio-e W. (.'lark. Clay. Cotfioth,
Cox. Cravens, Dawson, Deming, l)em.-on, Eden. Edi'er-
ton, Eldridge, English, Fmck, Ganson, Grider. Cn-wold,
Harding, ILurington, Charles M. Harris, Hen ick, Huiburd,
Hutchms, Wiiham Johnson, Kalhfleiftch. Kernan, Kuapji,
Law, Lazear, Le Blond, Lone, Maitoi \, Marcv. McAHistf-r,
MeKumey, William II. Miller, Morrill, James R. Morris,
Mouison, Nelson, Noble, Odell, John O'Neill, Pendleton,
Pomeroy, Pruyn, Radfoid, James a. Rollins, Ko^. Jotou
B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stevfris, Stuart >weut,
Tmvnsend, Wad&worth, Ward, Whaley, Wheeler, Joseph
V\. W hite, V\ infield. Fernando Wood, and Yeauian—71.
NO P VOTING—Messrs. William J. Allen, Allev, Ander-
son, Blair, Cresweli, Henry Winter Da\i-, Dawes. Don-
nelly, Dumont, Frank, Gnnneil. Hale, Hall. Benjamin G.
Harris, Holman, HotUikiss. Philip Johnson, Kms.Mc Bride,
McDowell,Mclndoe,Middleton,Orth, Perry, Pne-, Samuel
J. Randall, RobiiiMon, Roge^, Edwaid 1L Ivohms Scott.
Sloan, Stiles, Strouse, Van Valkenbuigh. V< orbeeh. Weh-
ster, Chilton A. While, Windom, Benjamin Wood, and
W ortliington—40.
The SPEAKER. The Chair votes in the af-
firmative, and the motion to reconsider is laid on
the table.
Fifty-seventh amendment;
On page 41, after section seven, insert the following as
a new section :
Jind he it further enacted, That wherever, under the pro-
viso of section three, the addition to any fare shall amount
to a sum involving a fraction of one rent, any poison or
company liable to the duty of two and a half of one per
