1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
907
cent., as the said section provides, shall be authorized to
add to cacli fare one cent in lieu of such fraction.
The amendment was agreed to.
Fifty-ninth amendment:
On page 73, nfter section ten, insert the following as a
new section:
And be it further enacted, That (he capita! of any State
bank or bank.ing association which has or shall cease to
exist, or which has or shall be converted into a national
bank, was intended to be,and shall be assumed to be, for
all the purposes of the act to winch this is an amendment,
the capital as it existed immediately before such bank
ceased to exist or was converted as aforesaid,.
The amendment was agreed to.
Sixtieth amendment:
On page 45, after section twelve, insert the following as
a new section:
And be it further enacted, That the privilege of purchas-
ing supplies of goods imported from foreign countries for
the use of the United State?, duty free, which now "does or
hercaitcr shall exist by piovlsionof law, shall be extended,
under .such regulations as the Secretary of the Treasury
may prescribe, to all articles of domestic production which
are subject to tax by the provisions of this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Sixty-first amendment:
On page 45, after section thirteen, insert the following
as a new section:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That whoever buys
or sells gold bullion or coin for a price above the Mint value,
whether to be paid lor in legal-tender notes or m the notes
of any bank or individual, or in any other commodity, shall
be deemed a bullion broker: Ptocided, That this section-
shall not apply to miners of the precious metal*, nor to per-
sons purchasing gold or coin solely for the purpose of pay-
ing duties on imports, or for expoitation, and who shall
actually apply the bame to one of those purposes without
a resale.
Sec   And be it further enacted, That every bullion
bioker shall tike out a licence, and pay $1,000 therefor,
whether he opciates at the brokers' boaid or elsewhere.
Whoever doaN in gold or coin, as above stated, without
Jirst having obtained such license, shall be deemed guilty
of a misdemeanor, and shall, besides, foifeit and pay the
sum of $2,000, to b<  recovered in a qui tam action, the one
half to go io the pio&eoutor and the other halt to the United
State-?. Whoever shall buy or sell gold or coin, or bargain
to buy or sell the same at or for any price above the Mint
value, whether such purchase or bargain be execuicd or
not, each of the said paities i-hall pay a duty or tax of ten
per cent, on the full amount or value of said purchase, sale,
or bargain ; and if the said bargain, purchase, or sale, should
be sold, assigned, or tiarit>frired to otheis, such assignor
and assignees shall pay ten per cent, on the lull amount of
said transaction.
Sec.—. Jlnd beit further enacted, That every such sale,
orbatgain to sell, shall be deemed to be above the Mint
value it more than one dollar in legal-tender notes, or 111
the notes of any bank, company, or individual, shall be
exacted, taken, paid, or received at less than one dollar in
gold or coin.
Sec. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That every bullion
broker shall make out and return to the assessor of ins dis-
trict a full and true statementof all his transactions in gold
or coin within twenty-four hours after such transactions
shall have taken place; in default whereof he shall be
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall forfeit and pay
the sum of $300 for each offense, to be recovered as pro*
vided lor in the second section of this act, unless he shall
have been unavoidably prevented from making such return.
Mr. PRUYN. Upon that amendment I de-
mand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in the
negative—yeas 38, nays 94, not voting 50; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Ashley, Baily, Baxter, Bea-
man, Blow, Dovd, Brandegee.Oobb, Diigg<, Eckley, llighy,
Asahol W. Uubbatd, John ii. Hubbard,"ingeisoll, Kelley,
Orlando ICclIoge, Knox, Littlejohn. Loan, Longyear, Mar-
vin, McClurg, Moorhcad, Daniel Monis, Amos Myers,
Leonard Myers, Norton, Chailes O'Neill, John II. llicc,
Schenck, Shannon, Spalding, Stevens, Upson, Wilder,
WtUon, and Woo<lbndgo—38.
NAYS—Messrs. Jame& C Allen, Allison, Ames, Ancona,
Arnold, John D. Baldwin, Blaine, Bliss, Boutwell, Brooks,
Ihnntnull, James S. Brown,WilliamG. Brown, Ambio-eW.
Clark, Freeman Clarke, Coffioth, Cole, Cravens, Thomas
T.DavK, Dawson, Doming, Domson. Dixon,Kden, Edger-
ton, Jildudge, Eliot, English, Farn&wojih. Finck, Ganson,
Goooh, Griswold, Maiding, fjairingion, Charles M. Harris,
Derrick, lloopur, Hullnnd, Hutchms, Jenekes, William
John-sou, J ulian, Kalbileisch,Kasson. Francis W. Kellogg,
Keruan, King, Knupp, Law, Le Blond, Long, Mallory,
Marcv, McAllister, McKmney, Samuel F. Miller, Wil-
liam II. Miller, Morrill, James R. Morris, Momsou, Nel-
son, Noble, Odell, Patterson, Pendleton, Perham, Pike,
Pmuoioy, Prnyn, Alexander II. Rice, James S. Rollins,
Ross, Smith, Smithers, Starr, William G. Steele, Stuart,
Swear, Thayer. Townsend, Tracy, Van Vaikenbuigh,
WiuKworth, Ward, Elihu B. Was-.hburne,. William B.
Washburn, Whaley,Wheeler, Joseph W. White, Williams,
Wmficld, Fernando Wood, and Yeaman—94,
NOT VOTING—Messrs. William J. Allen, Alley, Au-
gustus C. Baldwin, Blair, Chanier, Clay, Cox, Creswell,
Henry Winter Davis, Dawes, Donnelly, Dumont, Frank,
Garfield, Guder, Gunnell, Hale, Hall, Benjamin G. Ilar-
rit=, Holman, Hotchkiss, Philip John-on, T.n/ear, MeBride,
McDowell, Mclndoe, Middleton, John O'Neill, Orth,Per-
ry, Price, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, William H. Ran-
dall, Robinson, Rogers,Edward II. Rollins, Scofield, Scott,
Sloan, John B. Steele, Stiles, Strouse, Thomas, Voorhpes,
Webster, Chilton A. White, Windom, Benjamin Wood,
and Wortlungton—50.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MORRILL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour now
commences, and the regular order of business is
the call of committees for reports of a private
nature.
Mi*. SCHENCK. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House that the morning hour be dis-
pensed with for to-day.
Mr. COFFROTH. I object.
Mr. SGHENCK. I desire to state that this
day was set apart for the consideration of reports
from the Committee on Military Affairs, a com-
mittee that has had no opportunity of making re-
ports this session, and more than half the day has
already been consumed.
Mr. COFFROTH. I withdraw the objection.
The SPEAKER. The objection being with-
drawn the morning hour is dispensed with for
to-day, and the regular order of business is the
consideration of reports from the Committee on
Military Affairs.
LEAVE OS1 ABSSNCE.
Mr. SPALDING-. I ask leave of absence for
the remainder of to-day's session.
There being no objection, the leave wasgranted.
UNITED STATES ARSENAL AT ST. LOUIS.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported back, with the recommen-
dation that it do pass, bill of the Senate No. 402,
to repeal an act entitled " An act to remove the,
United States arsenal from the city of St, Louis,
and provide for the sale of the land on which the
same is located."
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and it
was accordingly read the third time,and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SECOND ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF WAR.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation that it
do pass, bill of the Senate No. 385, authorizing
the President to appoint a Second Assistant Sec-
retary of War.
The bill authorizes the President to appoint,
by and with tho advice and consentof the Senate,
for the term of one year after the passage of this
act, an officer in the War Department to be called
the Second Assistant Secretary of War, whose
salary shall be $3,000, and who shall perform ail
such duties in the office of the Secretary of War
as shall be prescribed by the Secretary or may be
required by law.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and it
was accoidingly road the third time, and passed.'
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that tho motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ARMY REGISTER.
Mr. SCHENCK also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a joint resolution to provide for the
publication of a full Army Register; which was
read a first and second time.
The joint resolution authorizes and requires the
Secretary of War, in connection with the Army
Register for 1865, to cause to be printed and pub-
lished a full roster or roll of all general, field, line,
and staff officers of volunteers who have been in
the Army of the United States since the begin-
ning of the present rebellion, showing whether
they are yet in the service or have been discharged
therefrom, and giving casualties and otherexpla-
nations proper for such Register; and that, to
defray in whole or in part the expenses of pub-
lication, fifty thousand copies of such enlarged
Register shall be published, and may be sold to
officers, soldiers, and citizens at a price which
shall not more than cover the actual cost of paper,
printing, and binding, and shall not in any ease,
exceed one dollar a volume. 1 "
The jointvesolution wasordered-to beengrossed
and read a third time; and beiogengrossed, it wafc
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; a«d
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.'
OFFICERS* SERVANTS.
Mr. SCHENCK also, from the same eorttraifc- :
tee, reported a joint resolution declaring and de-
fining the law in relation to officers' servants;
which was read a first and second time.
The joint resolution declares the meaning of all
provisions of law relating to soldiers employed
by officers as servants to be, that for every sol-
dier thus employed by any officer there shall ?be
deducted from the monthly my of such officer
the full monthly pay and allowances of the sol-*""
dier so employed; that no officer shall be allowed
any greater number of servants than now pro-"J
vided by law, nor be allowed for any servant not
actually in his employment; that the measure of
allowance for pay to officers' servants is the pay
of a private soldier, and that no non-commi's-
eioned officer shall be detailed or employed to act
as a servant; nor shall any private soldier be stf
detailed or employed except with his own icon4'
sent,
Mr. SCHENCK moved the previous question
on the engrossment and third reading of the joint
resolution.
The previous question was seconded,and the
main question ordered, and under its operation
the joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SERGEANT DANIEL COLLETT, JR.
Mr. SCHENCK also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a joint resolution in the matter of
Sergeant Daniel Collett, jr., deceased; which was
read a first and second time.
The joint resolution directs the Secretary of
War to cause the name of Daniel Collett, jr.*
who died of wounds received m battle, to be en-
tered on the rolls of the Army as a first lieu-
tenant of the fortieth regiment Ohio Volunteer
infantry, from the 9th of May, 1864, the date at
which he was commissioned to that office by the
Governor of the State of Ohio, the same as if he
had been on that day mustered in as such first
lieutenant,
Thejointresolution was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM J. HARDING.
Mr. SCHENCK also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back adversely a bill (H. R. No.
G54) for the relief of William J- Harding, of Vir-
ginia, and asked that the committee (Te discharged
from its further consideration, and that the bill be
laid on the lable.
It was so ordered.
WAR AGAINST THE APACHES.
Mr. SCHENCK also, from the same commit-
tee, repotted back the memorial of the Legislature
of Arizona, asking an appropriation of $250,000
in aid of the war against the Apaches, and asked
that the committee be discharged from its further
consideration, and that the memorial be referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
It was so ordered.
REGIMENTAL COURTS-MARTIAL.
Mr. SCHENCK also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a oill concerning regimental- and
garrison courts-martial; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill amends the seventh section of the act
approved February 28, 1795, calling forth the
