908
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
militia, and the act amendatory thereof approved
July 17,1862, so as to provide that any offender
in the Army charged with an offense punishable
by regimental or garrison court-martial may, in
case of emergency, be brought before a field offi-
cer of his regiment for trial and punishment ac-
cording to the provisions of the section referred
to; and provides that nothing in the section shall
be construed to abolish altogether regimental and
garrison courts-martial.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TRANSFERS OF OFFICERS.
Mr. SCHENCK also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a joint resolution to authorize the
President to make transfers of officers in the Army
of the United States; which was read a first and
second time.
Th% joint resolution authorizes the President to
transfer officers of the Army from the line to the
general staff, and from the general staff to the line,
and from one staff corps to another and different
staff corps, or from one arm of the service to
another, or from the volunteer service to the regu-
lar Army; but such officer shall only take the
rank he held by commission in the staff or line
before his transfer.
Thejointresolution was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by whicli the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SUBSISTENCE DEPARTMENT.
Mr. SCHENCK also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back a bill (H. R. No. 600) for the
better organization of the subsistence department,
with sundry amendments to the first section, as
follows:
The first amendment was to insert after the
words 44 each separate army in the field consist-
ing of more than one Army corps" the wordsto
each military department."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after the
words "gay and emoluments of a lieutenant
colonel of the subsistence department" the words
"and to each Army corps an officer of the sub-
sistence department to be chief commissary of die
corps, with the like rank of lieutenant colonel."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
words s< rank, pay, and emoluments" before the
words (t shall cease," and insert the words " in-
creased rank, pay, and emoluments allowed be-
cause of such assignment."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
words "at least two thirds in the grade of" in
the second proviso of the first section.
The amendment was agreed to.
The section as amended reads as follows:
That, during the continuance of the present rebellion,
the Secretary of War may, when in his judgment it is ne-
cessary, assign to eac!) geographical military division, to
each separate army in the field cnnsU-tingof more than one
Army eoip-s, to each niftitatj- department, and to each prin-
cipal &ub-istence depot, not exceeding ten in number, an
oihcer of the ^uhsHtence department to act as chief com-
mi.-sary of such imlitcuy division, army, military depart-
ment, or depot, and aUo an officer of the subsistence de-
pat nuent as  assistant m the office of the Commissary Gen-
eral ol Subsistence, each ot whom, while so assigned and
acting, shall have the rank, pay, and emoluments of a col-
onel ot the subsistence department; and, m like manner,
may at-sign, (or purposes of inspection oi other special duty
m the subsistence depanment. commissaries of subsist-
ence, not exceeding six in number, each of whom, while
so assigned and acting,shall have the temporaiy rank, pay,
and emoluments of a lieutenant colonel of the subsistence
department; und to each Army corps an officer ot the sub-
sistence department, to he chief commissary of the corps
with the iike rank of lieutenantcolonei; and; m like man-
ner, may assign to each division of two or more brigades a
comim-suiy, who, while assigned and acting, shall have
the tank, pay, and emoluments of a major of ihe subsist-
ence department": Piondcd, That when any one of said
oii'e-er* i*. rehci ed iiomsucn duty, his increased rank, pay,
andemoltunentsallowed becau&e of tueh assignmentshall
cease, and lie shall return to his commissioned rank in the
subsistence department: rfnd provided further, J hat the
officers authorized to he assigned by this act shall be se-
lected ftom the'comrm!3sane«6f subsistence who hold com-
missions or rank in the volunteer service only: Jind pro-
vided further, Tint when within the limits of any geograph-
ical department there shall be not more than one Army
corps, in such case the chief commi&tary of the A rmy corps
shall perform the duties of the department commissary.
The second section provides that the President
may appoint, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, as many commissaries of subsist-
ence of volunteers, with the rank of captain, as the
exigencies of the service may require.
The following additional section was reported
from the committee:
Sec. 3. Jind. be it further enacted. That all laws and parts
of laws inconsistent with the provisions of this act are
hereby repealed.
The section was adopted.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
refugees' and freedmen's bureau.
Mr. SCHENCK also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back a bill (H. R. No. 698) to es-
tablish in the War Department a Bureau for the
Relief of Freedmen and Refugees, with a recom-
mendation that the bill do pass.
The bill was read at length.
The first section provides for the establishment
of a bureau in the War Department, relating to
refugees and freedmen from the rebel States, un-
der rules and regulations to be prescribed by the
Secretary of War and approved by the Presi-
dent; the bureau to have one chief, appointed by
the President, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, at a salary of $3,000 per an-
num, and not exceeding two clerks of the fourth
class, two of the third class, three of the second
class, and five of the first class,
Section two authorizes the President to assign
to the bureau, for the benefit of refugees and freed-
men, the temporary use of such lands and tene-
ments in insurrectionary States, not belongingto
loyal owners, as may be necessary; and to direct
such issues of provisions, clothing, and fuel as he
may deem needful for the immediate and tempo-
rary shelter and supply of refugees and freed-
men, and their wives and children, under such
rules and regulations as he may direct.
Section three repeals all conflicting laws and
parts of laws.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will explain this bill in a
few words. It is the same bill upon which some
comment was made, and in regard to which some
explanation was given, on the part of the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, when we had under con-
sideration the other day the report of the com-
mittee of conference in relation to the Freedmen's
Bureau. The committee of conference have re-
ported,and that report has been adopted by this
House. We have no notice that that report has
been agreed to by the Senate; and there now hangs
in the Senate, to be determined upon the question
whether they shall or shall not agree to the re-
port of the committee of conference, the Freed-
men's Bureau bill, which has become somewhat
familiar to this House—a bill providing for a dis-
tinct Department of the Government for the care
of blacks who have been freed from slavery.
The bill presented by the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and adverted to the other day in the
course of the debate on the reportof the committee
of conference is one which looks, not to the estab-
lishment of a distinct Department of the Govern-
ment, but to the organization of a bureau within
the military Department of the Government; to
provide not merely for freedmen—those who have
been slaves, those who are of African descent—but
to provide also for white refugees everywhere
along the borders, including not only those found
in the rebel States, but those in any of the States
or districts which come within the lines of the
operations of our Army, which come in fact within
the lines of operations of armies either of the rebel
Slates or of the United Stales. This bill, thus
being broad and general in its character, making:
no distinction on account of color, is the bill
which contains the general provisions pieparcd
upon this subject by the Committee on Military
Affairs, and which, I am inclined to suspect, a
majority ot" this House will prefer.
Rising, therefore, only for the purpose of call-
ino- the attention of the House to the particular
bill which we now offer, which was to some ex-
tent—indeed I may say fully— discussed and
explained the other day, I propose, if the House
concur with the Committee on Military Affairs,
that we pass this bill, and,sending it to the Senate,
leave it to that body to decide between the two
systems—either to create a distinct Department,
neither in the Treasury nor the War Department;
a bureau of neither one nor the other, but an
independent Department of itself, to look only
after freedmen, or to establish a bureau, as we
propose, in the War Department, to look after
all refugees of all colors and provide for them at
the sound discretion of the Government, under
the restrictions contained in the bill.
I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time,and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider belaid on the tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PAY OF ARMY OFFICERS.
Mr. YEAMAN reported from the Committee
on Military Affairs a bill to increase the pay of
certain officers of the Army, and for other pur-
posesj which was read a first anif second time.
The first section provides that from and after
the passage of the act the^iay and emoluments
of all officers in the militaryjservjce of the United
States shall be exempt frorrf all income and war
tax.  
The second section provides (hat from and af-
ter the 1st day of January, 186'f, during the con-
tinuance of the existing rebeHiejm, the pay proper
of line and staff officers below ihe grade of bng-
adier general in the military service of theUnited
States shall be per month as-follows:
Colonels of infantry and artillery, §140; lieu-
tenant colonels, $120; majors, §105; captains,
f>90; first lieutenants, $77; second lieutenants $70;
colonels of all other arms of the service, $lfi5;
lieutenant colonels, §140; majors, £115; captains,
$102 50; lieutenants, §80 33.
The third section provides for the repeal of the
fifteenth section of "An act to raise an additional
force, and for other purposes,"approved January
13, 1813, and enacts that heieafter whenever any
officer or soldier shall be discharged from the ser-
vice, except by way of punishment for an offense,
he shall be furnished transportation from the place
of his discharge to his then actual place of resi-
dence; or in case transportation cannot be fur-
nished by the Government, then he shall be paid
the actual cost of traveling in money.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I move to amend
by inserting after the word " military," ill the
first section, the words "and naval."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. YEAMAN. I have only to say in regard
to this bill, which 1 have been directed to report
by the committee, that the passage of such a meas-
ure is asked by almost ail the officers of the ser-
vice. The committee have had before them an
immense bundle of petitions, a large part of which
have been printed. Unless gentlemen desire to
discuss this matter I will ask the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. ROSS. I ask the. gentleman to permit me
to offer an amendment to increase the pay of the
soldiers to twenty dollars per month.
Mr. YEAMAN. I yield to the gentleman to
offer that amendment.
Mr. ROSS. I move to amend by adding to the
second section "and that the pay of private sol-
diers shall be twenty dollars per month." On
this amendment I ask the yeas and nays.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 rise to a puint of order
upon the amendment that has been proposed.
The bill refers to the pay of oncers. It is con-
fined entirely to the rations and pay of officers.
The gentleman must introduce another bill in
relation to the private soldiers. 1 make the point
that the amendment is not germane to the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the point
of order. The bill is to increase the pay of ccr-
