1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
143
resumption of civil authority, we shall continue
to have, as we now have, applications from these
States for recognition, or, if i may use the term,
for readmission. I do not for a moment believe
in either of the positions assumed by the respect-
ive friends of each, that secession can take any
State out of the Union, or that any State by such
act has destroyed itself, committed suicide, as it
is said, or that the rebellious, district is to be con-
sidered and treated as foreign territory. In deal-
ing with this question of recognition, we must
exercise that caution and circumspection which
its magnitude demands. " Each House"of Con-
gress " shall be the judge of the elections, returns,
and qualifications of its own members;" and
hence no man claiming to represent any State can
have a seat on this floor until these several facts
shall have been adjudicated by this House. Here
we obtain a potential voice in the question of
reconstruction, and while it is desirable that civil
government shall supersede nnhtaiy authoiky as
speedily as possible, let us not in our anxiety
mistake the rising of the sun for its meridian
splendor.
Torn, convulsed, and shattered as the social and
civil systems of the rebellious district must neces-
sarily be, it is unreasonable to expect that its peo-
ple will be capable, upon the dispersion of the
rebel armies in their respective States, of imme-
diately exercising civil functions and authority.
Society has almost been resolved into its original
elements; vestiges of lurking treason will icmain,
and the bad passions engendeicd by the strife
must be suffered to subside before reason will be
fully able to resume its sway. While we remem-
ber that it is the constitutional duty of the United
States to u guaranty to every State in this Union
a republican form of government," let us not for-
get that the surest and safest way to discluuge
this duty is to provide pioper guards and chocks
lor the protection of individual and social rights
in these communities; to keep over them, so long
as may be necessary, a guardian watch and cate;
to icmove every opposing element; "to bind up
the broken reeds;" to infuse a love of Country and
of devotion to the Constitution and laws of the
land; and last, but not least, to see that the name
and spirit of human bondage shall be erased from
every State constitution, and personal freedom
without distinction assured to every one of their
citizens.
When these things shall have been accom-
plished, and society reconstructed upon this im-
proved baM«, with eveiy germ of aristocracy up-
rooted, we shall then be prepared to peiform the
constitutional injunction, readmit these " way-
ward sisters" to the family circle, and establish
within the borders of each, m truth and in fact,
a republican form of government.
Some good people, in connection with this mat-
ter, are giving themselves, in my opinion, much
unnecessary uneasiness about the question," What
shall we do for or with the freedinen ?" May we
not with equal propriety ask, " What shall we do
for or with the late owners of these fieedmcn
The one is as important as the other, and both
may well claim the consideration of the statesman
and the philanthropist". Both classes have been
and are being hboiated from the thialldom of sla-
very, and their new condition presents many in-
teresting phases. The war, however, in its vary-
ing changes, is daily relieving both questions of
many of their supposed complications, and prob-
ably the wisest course to pursue is to hasten the
day when the system which has debased the one
and enfeebled the other shall cease to exist; to
leave both classes in the hands of God who cre-
ated them, and giving to each equal protection
under the law, bid them go forth with the scrip-
tural injunction, "hi the sweat of thy face shalt
thou eat bread."
But, Mr. Speaker, our duty as a people will not
end with the suppression of the rebellion, the ex-
tinction of the evil which caused it, and the res-
toration of the Constitution and laws over the
enure extent of our national domain. We have
accounts to settle with othei nations who, during
this long struggle for nationality, have thrown
tnany obstacles in our way, and given to our ad-
versaries every moral and material assistance in
their power without actually, eo nomine, becoming
their allies. The aristocracies of Europe have long
viewed with alarm the successful rise and prog-
ress of democratic ideas of government on this
continent, and sought for a favorable opportunity
to crush them out of existence. The success of
our system, based upon the doctrine of man's
capacity and natural right for self-government,
they easily foresaw must ultimately and inevi-
tably lead to a conflict on their own soil; for ideas
and principles so entirely antagonistic will sooner
or late* produce reflection, discussion, decision,
the final result of which probably would be the
entiie change of their governmental systems.
Hcnce, upon the breaking forth of armed rebel-
lion among us, they seized upon the fact with
avidity as the auspicious momentso longdesired,
and with indecent haste acknowledged our bands
of traitors to be a " belhgerentPower/'and enti-
tled to "belligerent rights."
In view of my responsibility as a member of
this House and a member of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, to which are referred the im-
portant and delicate relations between this and
other nations, I desire to dcclare calmly and dis-
passionately that the conduct of France and Eng-
land throughout our troubles has been, and yet
is, of such a character as to call, at an early day,
for full and thorough investigation and full and
thorough settlement and adjustment. We have
seen and felt their aid to our adversaries; through
their connivance the rebel soldier has been armed
and clothed and fitted for his assaults upon our
nationality; in their harbors and upon their
waters, almost unmolested, have rebels fitted out
their pnatical crafts, sailing under their colors;
armed with their guns, manned by their subjects,
but commanded by rebels, have these vessels been
sent upon the ocean to prey upon our commerce
and to destroy it. And here they have been but
too successful. That commerce which, four short
years ago, whitened every sea and visited every
harbor, is now utterly destroyed, and scarce an
American merchantman now unfurls the American
flag.
The right of asylum has been freely granted
to rebel pnates; and these freebooters, whom the
civilized world has long since held as " enemies
of mankind," are received with open arms, nur-
tured, caressed, encouraged, and strengthened for
their work of destruction.
British subjects and British vessels, in defiance
of the queen's proclamation, but without an at-
tempt at punishment by British officials, are con-
stantly engaged in contraband trade with the
rebels, violating our blockade, which is recognized
by that Government but suffered to be violuied
with impunity by its subjects.
Public iaiis are held in Great Britain, under
the leadership of her aristocracy, aided by south-
ern snobbery, for the avowed purpose of raising
money for the rebel cause, and but a few days
since, under the thin guise of philanthropy, a
British lord—Lord Wharncliffe—had the impu-
dence to ask permission of our Government to
remit British gold to rebel prisoners in our hands,
while not a word of sympathy is heard, ora mor-
sel of comfort offered, in behalf of the thousands
of our brave soldiers who are Ituiguishmgin south-
ern prisons, denied the absolute necessities of life,
and treated with an inhumanity and barbarity that
would disgrace the most degraded heathen nation
on earth.
American rebels and their Canadian confeder-
ates have for months past been arming and pre-
paring for armed invasion of our northern border,
have lately crossed that border, seized American
vessels 011 the lakes, invaded our soil,and robbed
and murdered our citizens.
President Monroe, m his seventh annual mes-
sage to Congress, in speaking of the Governments
on this and the European continent, uses this
emphatic language:
"In the wars of the Euiopcr.n Power®, in matter? re-
lating to th< msclvf!.., we h;ive never taken any part, nor
doe?- it comport with our policy so !o do. It is only when
our nglUs arc invaded ot -orioiHy menaced that we resent
iiijiincs m make prcpauition lbi our defense. With the
movements m tlu^ hein^pheie we aie of necessity more
intimately connected, and by causes which must be obvi-
ous to aii enlightened and impait..<.d obM-ivem. The po-
litical s-yctem ol the allied Povvei-. iv essentially different
in this i e.-pect from that of Amenoa Tins difference pro-
ceed* liom that v\ hich exi->t< "i their le^vctive Govern-
ments. And to the df-ten.-e ot our own, which has been
achieved b> the of t-o much blood and tieaMire, and
matured by the vvit-dom of their mo>t enhjrnienecl citizens,
and under which we have enjoy<d unexampled iekcity,
this whole nation is devoted. We owe it, iheretore, to j
candor, and to the amicable relations existing between the j
United States and those Powers, to declare tiiat we should i
consider any attempt on their part to extend their system
to any portion of tins hemisphere as dangerous to our peace
and safety."
This enunciation, made more than forty years
ago, with the general concurrence of our people,
and acquiesced in by the world for that length of
time, has become the settled, firm, fixed policy of
this Government. When made it was regarded
as eminently wise and proper, and forty years of
experience has but strengthened and confirmed
the views thus entertained. While we have dili-
gently maintained a strict neutrality in all the af-
fairs of Europe, abstaining from " entangling al-
liances," we have ever regarded it our duty to
vindicate on this continent a similar neutrality on
the part of the Governments of Europe. So long
as the United States lived together in peace, de-
voted to the noble work of building up a great
Republic, we feared no insidious foreign inter-
vention, and dreaded no danger. But on the first
outbreak of hostilities Europe thought her hour
had come, when our trouble^ at home would place
it out of our power to vindicate our policy and
our dignity.
Napoleon III, seized with the Quixotic idea
that it was his mission on earth to be the chosen
protector of the Latin races, with all their bigotry
and superstition, and to extend them wheresoever
the French eagle would enable him to accomplish
his desires, introduced French intrigue, French
diplomacy, French arms into the neighboring
republic of Mexico for the purpose of subverting
her Government, destroying the rights of her peo-
ple, and inaugurating on this continent a political
systemantagonisticto ourown, and which should
sooner or later threaten to destroy our peace or
endanger our safety.
He has partially succeeded in his designs, and
we are now witnessing (with varied success) the
efforts of a free people engaged in the heroic at-
temptof saving themselves and theircountry frorti
subjugation by an "imported emperor," sus-
tained and assisted by the power of the French
army and navy.
But for our domestic troubles these audacious
efforts to crush a sister republic, and to build up
monarchical institutions upon her ruins, would
never have been undertaken, and m the first glim-
mering of success to our arms the minds of our
people are instinctively turned to Mexico, with a
firm resolve that we cannot now or at any time
hereafter consent to any " attempt on the part" of
Europe " to extend their system to any portion of
this hemisphere," and among the first of our du-
ties growing out of this rebellion wiil be to de-
clare, and to enforce the declaration, that Max-
imilian is but a temporary emperor, and that the
people of Mexico are entitled to and shall have
republican institutions, and if need be she shall
have these institutions, with the consent of her
people, under the folds of our flag and under the
protection of our Constitution.
Looking at these multiplied and increasing in-
stances of foreign intervention in our affairs, we
may well ask the question, can indignity and out-
rage go any further? And shall there not be a
day of reckoning? Shall we longer submit to
these humiliations and indignities without a mur-
mur or word of complaint? God forbid! A man
who does not vindicate his own self-respect is
unworthy the respect of his associates; and pie-
cisely so with a nation.' The primal duty of a
nation is to vindicate its dignity and to suffer no
wrong at the hands of any of its neighbors; for
"nature has established a perfect equality of
rights among independent nations, and none can
naturally lay any chum to superior prerogative."
Will it be said that in the midst of our present
troubles we are too weak to assert our rights, or
too effeminate to maintain them? Sir,let me say
to this House that wc are not strong enough
much longer to refuse a vindication of our national
honor. We cannot afford to exist (if we were
craven enough to desire it) by the sympathy or
forbearance of any other Power, and i trust we
shall never be prepared, whatever fate may have
in reserve for us, to solicit the protection of any
other Government. While we exist as n nation
letus maintain our national lights and defend our
national dignity* and if in so noble a struggle we
must fail; if in the exercise of this God-given
right we must go down, let us at least secure for
ourselves the memory of an honorable name, and
leave to history an example worthy of imitation.
