1805.
THE OON&RESSIOML
tain officers of the Army, and for other purposes;
and m the second section it provides " whenever
any officer or soldier shall, "&c. It therefore relates
to private soldiers as well as officers. The amend-
ment is in order.
-• Mr. COX. 1 suggest to the gentleman from
Kentucky to use another phrase than "special war
. tax." I do not think that that will accomplish
[ his "purpose.
Mr.'YEAMAN. The language of the bill is,
income or special war tax." I have nothing
further to offer; and I insist on the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. ASHLEY moved that the bill be laid on
the table.
. Mr. KERNAN" demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 19, nays 83, not voting 80; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Ashley, John I>. Baldwin, Bron-
• degee, Ambrose VV. Clark, Cole, tlemy Winter Davis,
Eliot, Iligby, A«ahel \V. Hubbard, John II. Uubbaid, Kel-
'ley, Maivin, Samuel F. Miller, Morrill, Pike, Pomeroy,
" Shannon, and VVoodbridge—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Aneona, Anderson, Baily, Augustus C.
-Baldwin. Baxter, Beaman,Clow, Boyd, Brooks, Broomall,
William G. Brown, Chanler, Clay, Cobb, Coffroth, Cox,
ThomasT. Duvls, Dawson, Doming, Denton, Dixon, Eck-
lpy, Eden, Ed«imon,Eldridge, English, Farnsworth, Fmck,
- G-auson, Garfield, Grisvvold, Harrington, Charles M. Ilar-
lis, llemck, JJalburd, liutehins, Jenekes, Julian, Kalb-
fleisch, Orlando Kellogg, Kcrnan, King, Knox, Law, Le
Blond, Loan, Long, Marcy,.McAllister, McClurg, Wil-
liam H. Miller, Mooihead, Daniel Morris, Morrison, Leon-
ard Myers, Nelson, Noble, Noiton, Charles O'Neill, Pat-
terson, Pendleton, Perham,William II. Randall, Alexander
H. Rice, Ross, Sehenck, Scofield, Smith, Smtthers, Wil-
liam G. SLeelo, Stuait, Thayer, Thomas, Towi^end, Van
Valkenburgh, Elilm B. Wnshburne, William B. Wash-
. burn, Whaloy, Joseph W. White, Wilder, Wilson, Win-
field, and Fernando Wood—83.
NOT VOTING—-Messrs. Jarnes C.Allen, William J.
Allen, Alley, Allison, Arnold, Blaine, Blair, Bliss, Bout-
well, J,lined S. Brown, Freeman Clarke, Cravens, Crcs-
weli, Dawes, Donnelly, Driest, Dumont, Frank, Good),
Gridei, Gnnncll, II.dc, flail, Haidmg,Benjamin G. fiarri",
Dolman, Ilooper, Hotchkiss, Tnger?-oll, Philip Johnson,
William Johnson, Kasson, Francis W. Kellogtr, Knapp,
Lazear, LiUlejohn, Longyear, Malloiy, jNIeBiide, Mc
Do well, Meliidoo. MeKinney, Middloton, James R Morris,
Amos Myers, Odell, John O'Neill, Oith, Perry, Piice,
Pruyn, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, John II. Rico, llobm-
son, Rogeib, Edward FI. Rollins, James S. Rollins, Scott,
Sloan, Spalding, Stair, John B. Steele, Stevens, Stiles,
Stiouse, Sweat, Tiaey, Upson, Vooihces, Wadsworth,
Ward, Webster, Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Williams,
Wmdom, Benjamin Wood, Worthington, and Yeaman
—80.
So the hill was not laid on the table.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask my colleague to With-
draw the demand for'the previous question for a
moment.
Mr. YEAMAN. I withdraw it.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, at the last ses-
sion of Congress a bif&vas passed materially in-
creasing the pay of thd^soldiers of tj$ Army of
"the United States. The^y are the be^t paid and
the best provided for of at^y soldiers^pf any coun-
try in the world atthis tim&. This yfear the Com-
'mittee on Military Affairs/feeling,pie same pres-
sure of obligation to provide for ^jiicers of lower
grade, below brigadier general, have reported this
bill increasing, not in the simg'degree, not with
the same percentage, the pay*4#those officers, be-
dsides giving them certain advantages, it is also
_to be considered that soldiers have bounties from
the General Government, from the States, and
.from localities, which, taken together, make their
pay equal an amount far exceeding in propor-
tion what subaltern officers have.
Under these circumstances, sir, the committee
did not feel, in view of the necessities of the Gov-
ernment, of the necessity to provide, on the one
hand, for those who are fighting our battles,and
the duty, on the other hand, to regard the means
of the Government to pay; this being the case,
I say, I had supposed that this bill would be per-
mitted to go through as originally intended. It
proposes to4 do justice to a meritorious class of
those who are engaged in fighting our battles, the
subaltern officers, not heretofore provided for—
to increase their pay to what they are entitled to.
Under these circumstances I shall myself vote
figainst incumbeung this bill with any outside
proposition to increase further the pay of the sol-
diers; and I hope that the bill will pass without
any such incumbrance. If gentlemen think w.hat
was done at the last session of Congress was not
sufficient in the way of increasing the pay of the
soldiers, let the distinct proposition be made. Let
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Ross,] or any
one else feeling an interest in that matter, test the
sense of the House on that direct question.
This question of increase of pay of subaltern
officers is one of pressing necessity arising out of
some facts which do not apply to the case of sol-
diers. The soldier not only has his bounty, but
his monthly pay was increased at the last,session
pf Congress. By provision of law he, has his
rations, his clothing, and his arms. He is pro-
vided with these things at the expense of the Gov-
ernment, making in the aggregate the actual re-
ceipts of privates in the Army more than that of
the lowest class of officers. ,On the other hand
the subaltern officer is compelled to provide him-
self with food, drawing a ration by no means
equivalent to the cost of food, his own clothing,
his own Qrms. Many officers are actully unable
to subsist themselves in many cases in the field
decently and respectably, irrespective of the ne-
cessity of providingfor their families at home.
He is not able to dress and provide himself as his
position requires,upon the present pay, in conse-
quence of the depreciation of the currency, and
the inefficiency of that pny arising out of the de-
preciation which comes from an inflation of the
currency;
Mr. SMITH. I would inquire of the gentle-
man from Ohio whether from the papers referred
to the Military Committee in regard to this sub-
ject he does not know that in consequence of the
insufficient pay of the officers of the Army* aftef
taking out the income tax required by law, offi-
cers who have served three or four years have
intimated that they would be compelled to resign
unless some relief was given at this session of
Congress.
Mr. SCHENCIC. I was about to say that in
consequence of their not being able decently to
provide for themselves in the position assigned to
them by the appointment of the Executive, many
officers are not only compelled to seek to be per-
mitted to resign, but so far as such resignation
could consistently with the interests of the Gov-
ernment be accepted, have been, from the human-
ity that was appealed to in asking the permission,
accepted by the Department. A large number of
officers, unable to get the acceptance of their resig-
nations, and a still larger number, unwilling, so
long as they could keep body and soul together,
to tender their resignation while the war was go-
ing on, are in the condition to which I have re-
ferred.
I hope therefore the House will vote down the
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois, and
if there are any gentlemen who think this matter
should be acted on, leave it to come in as a sep-
arate proposition, and pass this bill for therehef
of these subordinate officers.
Mr. YEAMAN resumed the floor.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to offer an
amendment which I will explain briefly. It is
in reference to acting assistant surgeons of the
Army.
The SPEAKER. That is not germane to the
pending amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is an amendment
to the bill.
The SPEAKER. It cannot be pending at the
same time with the other, except by unanimous
consent.
Mr. ROSS. I must object to any amendment
being received until my amendment is acted on.
Mr. YEAMAN. 1 yielded very readily to the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ross] to offer an
amendment, and I now yield for the same pur-
pose to the other gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Farnsworth.]
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Illinois withdraw his objection?
Mr. ROSS. I do.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I offer the following
as an additional section:
 find be it further enacted, That from and after the Istday
of January, 1865, the pay of acting assistant surgeons ill the
Army of the United States shall be $125 per month.
At the present time these contract surgeons
receive but $100 a month, which is considerably
less than that of the assistant surgeons of the
Army, though they perform the same duties.
The biil? without this amendment, does not in-
clude the acting assistant surgeons of the Army,
a very worthy and meritorious class of persons.
It is impossible to get the requisite surgical skill
into the Army for $1GQ per month. Many sur-
geons-are leaving the Army in cosgeguenfte of
inadequacy of pay. * i .. >
Mr. GARFIELD. I;ask the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Yeaman] to -yield to me tojmke
a short statement. '
Mr. ROSS. I must object to any further yield-
ing. * < it
The SPEAKER* The gentleman from: Ken-
tucky has the right to yield for personal explana-
tion, or for an explanation of the pending meas-
ure.
'Mr. YEAMAN.- I think ihe Matter is well
understood, and I ipsist now upon the previous
question. . : =•
The previous question was seconded* and the
main question was ordered to be put.
The question being first on the amendment'of"
Mr. Ross,
Mr. ROSS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 82, nays 33, not voting 67;
as follows:
- YEAS—Messrs.JamesC. Allen, Allison, Aneona, Ander*
son, Arnold, Ashley, Augustus C. Baldwin,-Blow, Boytl,
Biook^, Chanler, Ambrose W. Clark* Clay, Cobb, Coffrotli,
Cox, Dawson, Demmg, Denison, Eckley, Eden, Eldrtdge,
English, Farnsworth, Finck, Ganson, Grider, Hardiug,
Charles 'AT. Harris, Her/tck, Asahel W. Hubbard, Jobii H.
flubbard, Jngersoll, Julian, Kalbfleiseh, Kasson, Kern$®,
King,Law, Le Blond, L<)a?i,Long,.Marcy, McAlhste/vMc-
Clurg, Samuel F. Miller, William II, Miilcr, Daniel Mor-
ris, Morrison, Leonard Myers, Nelsoa,,Noble, Norton,
Odell, Charles O'Neill, Patteison,' Pendleton, Perham,
Tike, Pruyn, William II. Randall, Edward II. Rollins, Ross,
Scofield, Smith, Will tain G. Steele, Stuart, Sweat, Tfonyer,
Thomas, Townsend, Tracy, Van Valkenbuigh, Wads-
worth, Elihu B. Washburne,, Whale'y, Wheeler, ,Josepli
W. While, Wilder, Wilson, Winfield, Fernando Wood,
and Yeainan—82.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames. John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Bea-
man, Brandegee, Freeman Clarke, Cole, Hemy Winter
Davis, Thomas T. Davis, Edgerton, Eliot, Garfield, Cooch,
Gnswold, Iligby, Hooper, ifulburd, Kelley, Oilando Kel-
logg, Knox, Longyear, Marvin, Momll, Pomeroy, Sehenck,
Shannon, Smithers, Ifpeon, William B. Washburn, Wil-
liams. Woodbndge, and Wouhington—33.
NOT VOTING—Mef-srs. William J. Allen, Alley,Baily,
Blaine, Blair, Bliss, Boutwell, Broomoll, James S. Brown,
William G. Brown, Cravens, Cresvvell, Dawes, Dixon,
Donnelly, Puggs, Dumont, Frank, Griimell, Hale, Hall,
Ilanington, Benjamin G. Harris, llolman, HotchkUs,
Hutchins, Jenekes, Philip Johnson, William Johnson,
Fiancis W. Kellogg, Knapp, Lazear, Litth joIm, Mallory,
McBride, McDowell, Mclndoe, MeKinney, Middleton,
Mooihead, James R. Morris, Amos Mvers, John O'NeUJ,
Orth, Perry, Price, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Alcxauder
II. Riee, John II. Rice, Robinson, Rogers, James S. RoJ-
JmSj Scott, Sloan, Spalding, Starr, John B. Steele, Ste
ver^, Stiles, Strouse, Vooihees, Waid, Webster, Chilton
A. White, Windoin, and Benjamin Wood—67.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ROSS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendment was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. Farnsworth's amendment was- then
agreed to.
The question recurred upon ordering the bill
to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I move to lay the
bill on the table.
Mr. GARFIELD. 1 ask the gentleman to
withdraw that motion -to allow me to move (hat
the bill and amendments be recommitted.
The SPEAKER. That motion cannot be
made pending the previous question, which does
not exhaust itself until the bill has been read the
third time.
Mr. ANCONA. Is the motion to lay the bill
on the table in order, having once been voted
down ?
The SPEAKER. The bill has been changed
by amendment since the motion was last made.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the bill be re-
committed to the Committee on Military Affairs
with leave to report at any time.
The SPEAKER. That motion can only be
entertained by unanimous consent, as the pre-
vious question does not exhaust itself until the
third reading of the bill.
MrraWlL^ON• Will it not be in order to
m'ove to recommit the bill on its third reading?
. The SPEAKER. After the third reading that
motion will he in order.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I withdraw .the
motion to lay the bill on the table at the sug-
gestion of gentlemen around me.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
