910
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. YEAMAN. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope the House will not
sustain the previous question. [Loud shouts of
"Order!"] I hope the bill will be recommitted.
["Order! "Order!"]
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The question was taken, and there were—ayes
44, noes 73.
So the House refused to second the previous
question.
Mr. GARFIELD. I now move th%t the bill
as amended be recommitted to the Committee on
Military Affairs with leave to report at any time,
and on that motion I ask the previous question.
Mr. COX. I object to the last part of the mo-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The last part of the motion
requires unanimous consent.
Mr. GARFIELD. Then I will leave out that
about leave to report at any time.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. STEELE, of New York, demanded the
yeas and nays on the motion to recommit.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 63, nays 51, not voting 68;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allfcon, Ames. Anderson, Arnold, Ash*-
ley, Baily, John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beainan, Blow,
Boutwel], Boyd, Biandegee, BroomaU, Ambjose VV. Claik,
Cobb, Cole. Uenry Winter Davis, Thomas T. Davis,
Dermng, Dixon. Eckley, Edgerton, Eliot, Farnsworth,
Gooch, Griswold, Uighy, Hooper, Asabel W. Hubbard,
Iiulburd, Jenckes, Julian, Kasson, Keller, Orlando Kel-
logg, Knov, Longyear, Marvin, McClurg, Samuel F. Mil-
ler, MoiriH, Leonaid Myers, Norton. Perham, Pike, Pom-
eroy, Alexander IJ. Rice, Jolm H. Ilice, Schenck, Shan-
non, Smithcr.", Starr, Upson. Van Valkeubuigli, Elihu B.
Washburne, William B. Washburn, Williams, ^Wilder,
\\ ilson, Winfield, Woodbntfge, and Yeainan—63*
NAYS—Me^r.s. James C. Allen, Aneona, Augustas C.
Baldwin, Brooks, Coftroih,Cox, Dawson, Dem-on, Eden,
Eidrid^e, English. Finek,Ganson, Gilder. Harding, Charles
M. Ilarius, Ilerrick, John H. Hubbard, Inge^oll, Kalb-
fleifch, Kernao, King, Knapp, Law, Le Blond, Long,
Marcy, William II. Miller. Darnel Morris, Morrison, No-
ble, Charles O'Neill. Pendleton, Prnvn, William H. Ran-
dall, Edward H. Rollins, Ross, Scoiield, Smith, John B.
Steele, William G. Steele, Stuart, Sweat, Thayer, Tnoma«,
Town&eud, Wadsworth. Whaley, Wheeler, Joseph W.
White, and Fernando Wood—51.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. William J. Allen, Alley, Blaine,
Blair, Bliss. James S. Brown, William G. Brown, Chanler,
FrePinan Clarke, Clay, Cravens, Creswell, Dawes, Don-
nelly, l)ri<rg*, Dumont, Frank, Gaifield, Grinnell, Hale,
Hnll.Hariiu^ton. Benjamin G. Hums, Hnfman. Hotehki<s,
Hutchins, Philip Johnson, William Johnson, Francfs W.
Kellopi;, Laze.tr, Littifyohn, Loan, Mallory, McAllister,
IMeBude, McDowell, Mclndoe. MeKimiey, Middleton,
Moorhe.nl, James E. Moms, Amos Myers, Nelson. Odell,
John O'Neill, Orth, Patterson, Perrv, Pnee, Radford, Sam-
uel J. Randal!, Robinson, Rogers, James S. Rollins, Seott,
Sloan, Spalding, Stevens, Stiles, Strouse, Tracy, Voor-
hecs, Ward, Webster, Chilton A. White, VVmdoui. Den-
jamm Wood, and Worthingtou—68.
So the motion to recommit the bill was agreed to.
Mr. COX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was recommitted to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is it in order
now to direct the Military Committee to report
an amendment to increa&e the pay of the soldiers
to twenty-five dollars? a month, in lieu of the
proposition of my colleague [M. Ross] to make
it twenty dollars?
Mr. (SANSON. Is it ill order to annex the
Michigan canal bill? [Laughter.]
LEAVE OP ABSENCE.
Mr. ELiOT asked and obtained leave of ab-
sence for the remainder of the day's session.
PAT OF OFFICERS.
Mr. SCHENCK,from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported a biii to increase the pay
of certain officers of the Army, and for other
purposes; which was read a first and second time.
1 he bill is the same as that reported by Mr,
Yeamak, as amended in the I-Iouse, except as re-
gards the .amendment offered by Mr. Ross.
Mi*. COX. I make the point of order that this
imi has not been considered by the Committee on
Military Affairs.
i he SPEAKER. The Chair presumes it has
been.
Mr. SCHENCK. The bill has been consid-
ered in the committee, and I am instructed to re-
port it.
Mr. COX. 1 ask the gentleman whether this
is the bifi that the committee has considered since
it was recommitted.
Mr. SCHENCK. Thebill wasconsidered,and
I am authorized by the committee to report it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. COX. I make another point of order, that
the committee must report the bill with the amend-
ment as referred to it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules that
point of order. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schenck] has the right to report thisorthat bill.
It is a matter between himself and the committee.
That is a familiar ruling often made by presiding
officers.
Mr. ROSS. I appeal to the gentleman from
Ohio to allowan amendmentto be offered increas-
ing the pay of soldiers to twenty doliarsa month.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope my
colleague will put it at twenty-five dollars.
Mr. ROSS. Yes, sir; I am always ready for
that.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I understood the gentleman
from Ohio to say that the bill which he was re-
porting back was the one just now referred to it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I did not say anything about
it. I say it is a bill which I am authorized to re-
port.
Mr. PENDLETON. I want to know the num-
ber of the bill.
The SPEAKER. It has no number yet. It
will probably be somewhere about eight hun-
dred.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, still keeping
the floor, I will withdraw the demand for the
previous question in order to say that I will not
go for any demagogical amendments to beoffered
by any one. This House and the country un-
derstand perfectly well that those who vote against
taxes, and who vote against sustaining the Gov-
ernment-^—[Calls to order.] I am in order. I
am addressing the Chair, having the floor for that
purpose.
Mr. COX^.' It is not in order for the gentleman
to attack the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wash-
borxe] for wanting to increase the pay of soldiers
to twenty-five dollars a month. [Laughter.1
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man from Illinois is able to take care of himself.
Mr. COX. I do not think he does. [Laughter.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I do notquestion the power
and capacity of any gentleman from Illinois on
either side to make any demagogical exhibition.
The House and the country understand it, and I
am willing to leave it to them. Their action is
of the character of a Dutch auction, where the
people bid downward. [Laughter.!
Mr. ROSS. You have to vote against it.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 did vote against that
amendment. I voted against it because I thought it
was a mere piece of demagogism; I voted against
it because I know that those who shed crocodile
tears over the soldiers are about the last persons
to provide means for paying them, either by the
imposition of taxes or by making the necessary
appropriations; I voted against it because while
we were here engaged in endeavoring to do an act
of justice to subordinate officers of the Army, as
we had already done to the soldiers of the Army,
God bless them all! 
Mr. KALfcSFLEISCH. More demagogism.
[Laughter.]
Mr. SCHENCK. It was not worth while to
be turned from our purpose by any attempt on
the part of gentlemen who have been against the
war, against the soldiers, against supporting the
Government, and against all the necessary°pio-
visions for carrying on this Government in this
its time of trial and peril. Thatis the reason why
I voted as I did. Moved by these considerations,
and determined to have justice done both to the
soldiers and to the officers; determined to have
their needs provided for; determined to enable
them to go on and fight the battles of the country,
ami to sustain the Government either against trea-
Si/li in the field or sympathy with treason else-
where, [ciiesof " Oh !" and laughter on the Dem-
ocratic side of the Hall,] I voted as I did. And I
shall vote in the same way now when the bill
which 1 have had the honor to report from the
Committee on Military Affairs comes up for con- ;
sideration under the picviuus question, which I
now demand.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered; and under the oper-
ation thereof the bill was 01 tiered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to consider be laid on the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
OFFICERS REENTERING TUB SERVICE.
Mr. GARFIELD, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back a bill (H. R. No.
G53) to determine the rank of military officers re-
entering the military service, with a substitute.
The substitute was read. It provides that any
officer who has served in the Army of the United
States (luring the present rebellion, and has been
honorably discharged therefrom, and reenters the
service, and is lecommissioned with the same
rank as before, shall take rank as many days piior
to the date of his recommission as he served
with the same rank before he was honoiably dis-
charged.
Mr. GARFIELD. I demand the previous
question on the adoption of the substitute.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the substitute was adopted.
The bill as amended was then ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being engrossed
and read the third time, it was passed.
The title was amended so as to read, " A bill
to determine the rank of officers reentering the
military service."
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
INCREASE OF ARMY RATION'S.
Mr. GARFIELD also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back a resolution in relation to
the increase of Army rations, with the accom-
panying papers, and moved that the committee
be discharged from the further consideration of
the same, and that they be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
ADVANCES TO STATES.
Mr. GARFIELD, from the same committee,
also reported back a joint resolution (H. It. No.
I 391) m regard to the General Government pass-
ing a law to assume the debts of States incurred
to aid in suppressing the rebellion, with a recom-
mendation that the same do not pass.
The joint lesoiution was laid on the table.
DISCHARGE OF COMMISSIONED OFFICERS.
Mr, GARFIELD also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back House joint resolution to
provide for the discharge of commissioned officers
at the expiration of their original term of service,
with a recommendation that it do not pass.
Tiie joint resolution was laid on the table.
STUDIES IN MILITARY ACADEMY.
Mr. GARFIELD. The Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs have also instructed me to submit a
written report upon a petition that Doctor Corn-
stock's system ofelocution and phonetics and the
French system of weights and measures may he
taughtatthe Military Academy. I movethatthe
committee be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the subject, and that th£ report of
the cpmmittee be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
VETERAN RESERVE CORPS.
Mr. GARFIELD. The Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the petition
of soldiers of the Veteran Reserve corps, praying
that their term of service may be computed from
th« date of their enlistment, have directed me to
report that no further legislation is necessary in
the case, and move that the committee be dis-
charged .
The motion was agreed to, and the petition
was laid on the table.
BREVET SECOND LIEUTENANT.
Mr. GARFIELD. The Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred a petition of
officers of colored troops, praying that there bo
