1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
established the rank of brevet second lieutenant,
have instructed me to report adversely to the
prayer of the petitioners.
The petition was laid on the table.
RECRUITS IN OLD REGIMENTS.
Mr. GARFIELD. The Committee on. Mili-
tary Affairs have also directed me to report back
some papers in regard to recruits to fill old regi-
ments. Thesubjcct has been already acted upon,
and I move that the committee be discharged.
The motion was agreed to, and the papers were
laid on the table.
MISSOURI STATE MILITIA.
Mr. KNOX, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported back the joint resolution (H.R.
No. 650) to place the soldiers of the Missouri
Statie.#nilitia on the same footing with other volun-
teer soldiers in the United States service in refer-
ence to bounty and back pay, with a recommen-
dation that it pass.
The joint resolution was read.
. It provides that the soldiers belonging t\ the
United States Army, known and designateqsas
the Missouri State militia, shall in all respects%e
placed on the same footing as other United Stati
volunteer soldiers in respect to bounty and bad
pay, and that all claims for bounty and back pay "
shall be audited, allowed, and paid in the same
manner and with like conditions and limitations
as in other cases of volunteer soldiers in the Uni-
ted States service.
Mr. COX. Many gentlemen on this side of
the House desire to know something about this
bill. Does it call for an appropriation of money ?
Mr. KING. No, sir; it does not. For the
satisfaction of gentlemen who desire to know
(something about the bill, 1 will make an explana-
tion.
It is a very unfortunate circumstance that the
Governor of our State gave this body of soldiers
the designation of the Missouri State militia.
They are United States soldiers, who were re-
cruited into the Army of the United States. The
Governor had nothing whatever to do in raising
those troops. The name of the Missouri State
militia was given to them in order to contradis-
tinguish them from the enrolled militia of the
State. The enrolled militia compose the whole
body of our militia. The Missouri State militia
is composed of ten regiments of about a thousand
men each—some ten thousand men in all—who
were raised under an arrangement between the
Governor of the State and the President of the
United States; and the agreement was that they
should serve only in the State of Missouri for its
defense. But they were recruited as United States
soldiers. Their widows are entitled now to pen-
sions under the law giving pensions to United
States soldiers. But some difficulty has arisen in
some of the Departments as to whether they shall
be recognized as entitled to back pay and bounty.
Some'bf the Departments to which their claims
go recognize their right in this respect, while
others do not. With a view to remove all diffi-
culty on the subject,! was requested to introduce
this bill. Its passage will be an act of sheer jus-
tice, not to State militia, but to United States
soldiers.
Mr. COX. The explanation justgiven by my
friend from Missouri [Mr. King] does not alto-
gether satisfy my mind. I think that the House,
before passing a bill involving the expenditure of
so large an amount of money, ought to have some
more explicit explanation.
Mr. KNOX. As I understand, Mr. Speaker,
the Missouri State militia are unfortunate only
in their name. The Governor misled the public
by calling them the Missouri State militia, when
in fact they wera> volunteers, mustered into the
service of the United States for three years, like
■ the volunteers from other States. These men
have done service out of the State as well as in
the State.
Mr. UPSON. I should like to ask the gentle-
man a question.
Mr. KNOX. I withdraw the previous qugs-
Jjon for that purpose.
Mr. UPSON. Does this bill place this militia
upon the same ground, so far as back pay and
bounty are concerned, as other volunteers who
enlisted at that time in the United States service ?
Mr. KNOX. So I understand. I call for the
reading of the bill for the information of the gen-.
tleman.
The bill was again read.
Mr. WILSON. Will this apply to the militia
of Missouri wtio have been on service in that
State during the time of their enlistment?
Mr, KNOX. These men have been out of the
State during a considerable portion of thetime.
They have beenundertheordersof the Secretary
of War.
Mr. WILSON. I have reason to believe that
a considerable number of the militia of Missouri
have been on duty at or near their homes, on
duty in the same county in which they reside,
and that in many cases they have been able to
attend to their ordinary business almost as well
as if they had not been in the service. If I have
been misinformed I should be glad to be cor-
rected.
Mr. KNOX. This bill only contemplates pay-
ing the men wh^lfave been under United States
officers in the Jftited States service.
Mr. KIN.§K Mr. Speaker, the Missouri State
militia areitfhder the control of United States offi-
cers. ThSy are under the control of the Secretary
of Wagf They have never been under the control
of theJEjrovernor of that State. They are not of
that.^fass known in Missouri as the enrolled mili-
,tiajr The enrolled militia are such as the Gov-
%$tor calls out temporarily. These were recruited
for three years, and mustered regularly, upon
muster-in rolls, into the service of the United
States. They have been to all intents and pur-
poses United States soldiers. They have always
been subject to the order of the commander of the
department of Missouri. They have never been
in any manner subject to SfiUe control.
The only misfortune of these men is, that the
Governor of Missouri when raising that class of
men saw proper to give them, to contradistinguish
them from theenrolled militia to which the gentle-
man just now alluded, the name of the Missouri
State militia. Theenrolled militia are a different
class of soldiers. No one in Missouri pretended
that the enrolled militia, who were raised for six
and nine months, are entitled to any bounty or
back pay.
Some of these men I will say have obtained
their back pay already, as well as their bounty;
but the opinion of some one in some of the bu-
reaus in some one of the Departments has thrown
some obstacle in the way which makes explana-
tion necessary.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to ask one question.
If these soldiers have been in the service of the
United States under the same regulations and
doing the same duty as other soldiers, why is
it that this legislation is necessary ?
M r. KING. For the reason I have given, that
some objection has been raised in the Department.
They were paid for two years, and then their pay
was stopped.
Mr. UPSON. On what ground ?
Mr. KING. At one time they were confounded
with the enrolled militia. The Pension Office re-
fused to pay them pensions under the act of 1862;
but when the Commissioner of Pensions had his
attention called to the law under which they were
raised and to the fact that they were recruited in
the United States service and not in the service of
the State of Missouri, he set aside the order by
which they were prohibited from receiving pen-
sions, and they are now, sir, drawing pensions
under the act of 1862. Now if they are not en-
titled to pay, they certainly cannot be entitled to
pensions.
Mr. KNOX. I renew the demand for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. COX. I would like to make an inquiry
of the gentleman from Missouri.
Mr. KNOX. I withdraw the demand for that
purpose.
Mr. COX. I would like to know whether this
militia of the State of Missouri has ever been
called to go out of the State for service.
Mr. KNOX. They have been repeatedly.
Mr. COX. I understand that they never have
been.
Mr. KING. I will state that this militia have
traversed all that part of the State of Arkansas
over which our military have been marched in
going down to the southwest part of Missouri.
Mr. COX. I would inquire of the gentleman
from Missouri ho w much'money it will probably
take to pay the extra bounty under this bill-: , *
Mr. KING. I cannot tell. Very much "cflf'ii
has already been paid. 1 can make no esriniate
of how much it will take; but whatever it i£ , we
think the soldiers are entitled to it.
Mt. COX. The answer of the gentleman is
very satisfactory. "(Laughter.] • 1 would like,
however, to have this bill referred back to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. KNOX. I demand^ the previous qestion.;
Mr. COX. When will it be in order to make
a motion to recommit?   ;
The SPEAKER. Not at anytime, if the pre-
vious question is sustained.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers on seconding
the demand for the previous question; and ap-
pointed Messrs. Knox and Cox. ' '
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 47, noes 45. ~ ■
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered to be put;and
under the operation thereof the bill was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. KNOX. I demand the previous question
upon the passage of the bill. i
Mr. SMITHERS. Would it be.iri order to
move to recommit?
The SPEAKER. It Will be if the previous
question is not seconded. - *
Mr. LOAN, Will it be in order to make any
modification of the bill ? :
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous con-
sent. 1
Mr. LOAN. I propose that the bill be so
modified as to make the appropiiation apply at
the same rate as is allowed to other officers en-
listed at the same time.
Mr. CHANLER. I object. -
Mr. UPSON. I move that the bill be laid on
the table. , .
Mr. CRESWELL. Upon that motion I de-
mand the yeas and nave.
Mr. COX. I would like to make a suggestion
to the friends of this measure. I do not think we
fully understand the question; certainly not the
Military Committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to-
debate.
Mr. KING. I desire to make a suggestion,
but not to debate it.
The SPEAKER. Suggestion is debate. There
are two undebatable questions pending.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Ifbyunan-
imous consent the bill can go back to the Military
Committee, I shall not object. -;
Mr. KING. That was the suggestion I desired
to make.
Mr. COX. That was what I wanted.
No objection being made, the bill was recom-
mitted to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. KING. With the privilege of reporting
it back at any time?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
that.
RAILWAY COMMUNICATION WITH WASHINGTON.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, from theCommitteeon
Military Affairs, reported a bill to facilitate rail-
road communications with the capital of the Uni-
ted States.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill, but was
interrupted by—
Mr. PENDLETON, who inquired if this was
the first reading of the bill.
The SPEAKER. It is, for information.
Mr. PENDLETON. I object to the first read-
ing of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The question then is, "Shall
this bill be rejected ?"
Mr. PENDLETON. Has the bill been printed I
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It has not.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the rule
under which the decision is made.
The Clerk read the 117th rule of the House, as
follows:
"The first reading of a bill s'naii be for information, and;
ifopposition be made to it, tbe question .-bail be,' Shall tilis
bill be rejected (t no opposition be made, or if (lie ques-
tion to reject be negatived, the bill shall go to Us second
reading without a question."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understood the bill
was read a first and second time without-objection.
