1865:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
147
found so noble an example of self-government;
nowhere else is there a city of interests so vari-
ous, of proportions so vast, and of population so
dense, consisting of every language, nation, and
race; nowhere else is self-government so essen-
tial, and nowhere else was it more nobly won
and more firmly maintained.
Sir, I do not undertake the advocacy of New
York; she needs no voice to proclaim her glory,
h*r greatness, and her goodness. I do not wish
to assail the motives of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, and I leave it to my colleague, [Mr.
Brooks,] whom he has personally assailed, to
answer him on these points of defamation which
he, a son of the State of New York, has been will-
ing to heap upon his native State.
If the gentleman wishes to find an instance of
toleration, which he so ably advocates in behalf
of the slave, extended to all mankind, he will find
it in the crowded population of the city of New
York. All creeds meet there in harmony. No
collision between numerous and opposing sects
mars the sacred Sabbath day when all go up to
worship. The marts of business, crowded with
all the evidences of thrift and industry, witness
no disturbance from those who he declares rule
us. And on election day, year after year, I defy
any testimony to show that the power which rules
the city of New York deserves any but the high-
est congratulation, the noblest and most earnest
praise from every man who appreciates the lesson
of self-government taught by a crowded and tu-
multuous city.
And the allusion made by my colleague, [Mr.
Brooks,] in regard to the most uncalled-for in-
terference by the Federal Government at the time
of the last general election, is in itself a proof that
no such class as the gentleman alluded to holds
dominion there. Insulted by a fleet of the United
States riding in her harbors, ready to send its
soldiery to trample down our rights and interfere
with our franchises, even that was borne patiently
and calmly by our people, confident that they
were capable of self-government, and believing—
and I had hoped that thev had a trust which
would be realized—that the Representatives of the
people of the United States at large in Congress
assembled would appreciate their noble forbear-
ance and deprecate the outrage committed against
them.
It is to the honorable gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Scofield] that we have to look for a
response. No sympathy, but abuse and scorn
are the first tokens that come from this House
and this Administration; and, if we may judge
from the spirit he has evinced, it is a deep-seated
feeling of hostility to the community which has
dared for the sake of principle, in the face of the
overwhelming power of this Government, stead-
fastly to oppose the encroachments of the ruling
power here, while they generously gave their best
blood and their means to carry on the war.
But I will yield to my colleague, [Mr. Brooks,]
if he desires to answer this matter further. 1
leave this subject with him.
Mr. BLISS. Mr. Speaker- 
Mr. CHANLER. 1 have not yielded the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman to yield the floor.
Mr. CHANLER. I yielded the floor to my
colleague, [Mr. Brooks,] at his request.
Mr. BROOKS. There is nothing which I more
deprecate than these personalities of debate. I
have ever endeavored, and shall ever endeavor, to
avoid them. But the labored essay of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] imposes
upon me the necessity of replying, if not for my
own defense, which I should have been wilting
to leave to the House, at least to other parts of
his essay, which seem to call for some immediate
notice on my part.
The honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Scofield] closes his essay, with an ap-
peal to me, in reply to my appeal to the Pres-
ident, " Go yourself to the South, and assure that
South that they are not to be subjugated by the
people of the North; that such is not the intention
of the people of the United States.Now I will
ask the honorable gentleman how it is possible 1
for me to go to the South. I will say to him that
if to-morrow he could afford me an opportunity
to go to the South with theassentof the President
of the United States, there is nothing that would
so much delight and gladden my heart as to go ,
there, ami to repeat to them what I think would
be useful to induce the people of the South again
to come back into this Union.
I would preach to them the utter hopelessness
of their contest; I would preach to them that if
they desired or intended any of that sort of inde-
pendence which would close to us the rivers and
harbors of the South and make them to us as a for-
eign nation, it never, never would be submitted
to by the people of the North. I would try, in the
message 1 might carry them from the President
or authorities of the United States, directly or
indirectly, to assure them that even large portions
of the Republican party, in my judgment, would
be glad to receive them back into this Union upon
the basis of State rights and self-government un-
der the Constitution, recognizing only the supreme
authority of that instrument, and even without the
abolition of slavery.
I think that if the South and North can again
be brought to reason together and hear men of
opposite and conflicting opinions, this Union
might be restored without a further contest of
arms or the shedding of more blood. I do not
believe that that party which had only about four
hundred thousand majority the last election in a
poll of about four million votes has not patriotic
men enough in it to join with us in declaring that
the South may come back into this Union again,
and come back as they left it, if they will come
back, in obedience to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, their Constitution as well asours,and,
if possible, more the handiwork of their fathers
than of ours.
But how am I logo South to carry the message
of the honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania?
How am I to reach the southern people? "How
am I to be heard beyond the Potomac at all ? The
laws of the land forbid any intercourse between
the North and the South; the military authorities
interpose an insuperable barrier. It isimpossible
to pass the lines of our armies. Not only is this
forbidden to myself and others of my own party,
for fear we would preach peace, buteven members
of the dominant party cannot undertake anything
of thatkind without interference on the part of the
authorities of the United States to prevent it. Two
honorablegentlomen,whose names are well known
in the history of this country—names recognized
as identified with the best days of the Jacksonian
Democratic party—gentlemen who later were Fic-
mont men and friends of Mr. Lincoln too, one of
them late aCabinetofficer,wentbuttheotherday,
apparently with an olive-branch in their hands,
into the army of General Grant, by the permis-
sion, if not by the sanction, of the President of
the United States; and, if the newspapers be cor-
rect in their reports, a telegram was sent by the
Secretary of War forbidding their entrance into
the rebel dominions, even with that olive-branch
which they were supposed to bear in their hands.
If, then, men high in the confidence of the Admin-
istration party ure not permitted by the Secretary
of War to go to the South and reason with the
southern people, how can such an humble indi-
vidual as I ever be expected to go and to remove
any delusions there?
l do not believe that the great mass of the north-
ern people desire the continuance of this war only
for the abolition of slavery. Am I right, or am I
wrong? Is the abolition of slavery the only ob-
ject for which this war is hereafter to be prose-
cuted, or is now prosecuted? I do not believe it.
I believe that large masses even of the Republican
party would consent to receive back the southern
States into this Union, with or without slavery,
upon the single condition of their obedience to the
Constitution of the United States. If I might be
permitted to proclaim that fact in the southern
country, and the southern people would hear
me—if I might be permitted to proclaim it from
the Potomac to the Rio Grande, with the sanction
of the President of the United States, I have no
doubt that the very promulgation of that fact would
do more toward bringing about a cessation of hos-
tilities upon the pui t of the rebels than any armies
that we are likely to bring against them for twenty
years to come.
But, sir, the honorable gentleman in the course
of his essay stepped far out of his way to read
New Yoik a lecture for her sins, her iniquities,
her crimes. The last of all places from which a
lecture to New York should ever come is the
State of Pennsylvania. Pennsylvania rebuking
New York! Satan rebuking sin! The records1
of Pennsylvania, in the lobby and out of the lob-
by, will bear no investigation here or elsewhere.
And though New York State may not be a para-
dise, and though New York city is far from being
a perfect city, yet the very stews of corruption
and iniquity in the city of New York are virtue
itself in comparison wit h the Legislature of Penn-
sylvania. [Laughter.]
Mr. A. MYERS. Mr. Speaker •
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
New York yield to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Myers?]
Mr. BROOKS, l.want no interlude here.
Mr. A. MYERS. I only want to ask the gen-
tleman a question.
Mr.-BROOKS. I want no interlude here. I
desire at the present time to deal only with the
gentleman's colleague, [Mr. Scofield.]
Pennsylvania rebuking New York! The very
proposition of itself is absurd and ridiculous!
Why, whenever any of the mere Pennsylvania
politicians go to New York the first place they
visit, the cradle in which they are rocked, is the
classic spotdescribed by the honorable gentleman
from Pennsylvania as the " Five Points" of the
city of New York. [Laughter. J It is the great
Mecca where Pennsylvania pilgrims go. It is the
source of their inspirations, and too often of their
action. And if the records of the New York
police were searched they would in many in-
stances exhibit a record by no means creditable
to too many of Uiecitizensof Pennsylvania. Sir,
New York is not without its sin, is not without
its crime. But it is the refuge-place of the whole
country, and, first and foremost of them all, of
that State contiguous to it—the honorable State
of Pennsylvania.
Sir, I deprecate this species of discussion; but
when my own State is denounced as subject to
the New York Central railroad, and when it is
asseited that thieves and robbers govern the mil-
lion of people of the city of New York, there is
no language sufficiently strong, sufficiently denun-
ciator y to hurl back upon those who make such
charges; and those who do it should have spotless
characters, should come from a spotless State, and
least of all from the State of Pennsylvania. There
is not an enterprise of any kind or character in
Pennsylvania which does not come to New York
to be cradled and nursed up—coal, iron, &c.,&c.
That great interest which the honorable gentle-
man himself represents, the interestof petroleum,
has its representation in the city of New York.
If there be a farm for sale m the gentleman's dis-
trict which may or may not have petroleum in it,
and especially if it have not, it is bought by him-
self or some other for #1,000, and is then valued
in New York at one or two millions, and repre-
sented as being worth more than the gold mines
of Montana or California or Nevada.
But, Mr. Speaker, let that pass. Letit all pass.
I will not enter intoany labored eulogium to vindi-
cate New York from undeserved assaults. My col-
league [Mr. Chaxler] has set that all right. The
empire city, sir, best speaks for itself. The spires
of its hundreds of churches that point to heaven
are not more numerous than its charities on earth.
There is no place from the arctic to the antarctic
where the poor and humble are so well taken care
of as in the city of NewYoik. There are no
more noble and well-directed charities in London,
or Paris, or elsewhere, than are in thegreatcity of
New York. A beggar need never walk its streets
in suffering or affliction, for if he applies to the
proper authorities there are even palaces to which
he will be sent.
Then what has New York, calumniated New
York, unpatriotic, copperhead New York, done
in this war? What, sir, is its history? When
the Administration has been most in need of
money where has it gone but to the great city of
New York? Where did it receive its first con-
tributions? Where has been its last resource?
Who are the largest shareholders in the public
loans? Whose money has been poured forth so
liberally as that of the great capitalists of the city
of New York ? In the earliest period of this war
how were our troops put into the field but by the
contributions of the city of New York? And
when this Capitol was imperiled a regiment of
that city, composed of the sons of the wealthiest
citizens, men of wealth, often worth from one to
two hundred thousand dollars, aa -ommon sol-
