THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
TI-IB OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY F. & J. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1865.
New Series.....No. 58.
„ &,?r
in this age, at this day, and among this genera-
tion of men, to administer this Governmentupon
any such principles, gentlemen will find that a
standing army of five hundred thousand men will
always be necessary at the call and bidding of the
Government.
But there are considerations apart from that
which touch this question vefy materially and
vitally. This is a proposition designed almost
exclusively for the benefit of the Northern Cen-
tral railroad of Pennsylvania,and to injure roads
now existing, under the plea of a necessity for
more direct and certain communication between
this city and New York. Weall know that this
is especially an attack upon a greatand important
work of internal improvement between this city
nnd the city of Baltimore. We all know that in
response to the just expectation of the country,
and in order to enable it to furnish the means of
transportation called for by this Government in
the present extraordinary condition of affairs,
the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company has
constructed at an enormous expense a double
track between Baltimoreand Washington. Now,
is it right that we should give to another corpo-
ration—for this is a corporation, let it be called
by what name it may—the power and right to
injure if not destroy the improvement which a
Maryland company, at the instance of this Gov-
ernment, has made in her own work of internal
improvement, in order that it may supply the
demand for transportation made upon it by the
Government?
What would be proper in another aspect of the
case? I remember very well when the Northern
Central Railroad Company was known upon the
statute-book of Maryland as the Susquehanna
Railroad Company. It was once my province,
while occupying an official position in Maryland,
to be cognizant of the facts of which I am about
to speak. This Northern Central railroad was
made principally by the means furnished by Bal-
timore and the State and people of Maryland.
Maryland embarked $1,500,000 in that corpora-
tion. Without that aid, that corporation could
never have been successful in opening communi-
cation between the valley of the Susquehanna and
the city of Baltimore. It is known, too, that the
State of Maryland, after the road had been com-
pleted, finding that it was not a very profitable
investment for the corporators, made a donation
of that #1,500,000, in order to rescue the corpora-
tion from the imminent peril of insolvency.
Now, if the State of Maryland is to be deprived
of the value of her investment in the road between
this place and the city of Baltimore, if Congress
can extend the powers of this corporation so as
to nullify all the past action of the State of Mary-
land on this subject, 1 demand, in the name of jus-
tice, that the Government of the United States shall
reimburse to the State ofMaryland the §1,500,000,
which she surrendered, on high grounds of pub-
lic spirit and patriotism, for the benefit of the cor-
poration that is now seeking to plunder her of her
investment.
If the Government of the United States is to
legislate in this manner for the State of Maryland,
and if the people of Maryland are not to legislate
for themselves on such a question, I demand that,
as an act of pure justice, the Government of the
United States shall take into consideration the
entire subject in ail its bearings, and reimburse
to the treasury of Maryland the ,500,000 which
were contributed to make the Susquehanna rail-
road, and which Maryland generously and mag-
nanimously released to the very corporators who
are now seeking to trample upon her reserved in-
terests through the agency of the Government of
the United States.
But there are otherconsiderations in connection
with this question. We ail know—the gentle-
man from Illinois as well as myself—that this
question of the power of the Government of the
United States over such questions as this was
largely debated from 1827 till 1836. We all know
that the discussion resulted in a verdict by the
American people—whether right or wrong f will
58
not say—that such an exercise of power by the
Government of the United States was unwise, in-
judicious, inexpedient; that whether the consti-
tutional power existed or not, it was best for all
the interests involved that the power to make roads
and canals within the jurisdiction of the States
should be left to be exercised by the States in
their governmental capacity,or by such corpora-
tors as they might think proper to endow with
this power.
We all know the revolution that was wrought
in this country by that great discussion, and we
know what has ensued. Supposing that the pol-
icy of the country in this respect was settled, as-
suming that whether or not there was constitu-
tional power in the Government of the United
States to make these roads and canals within the
jurisdiction of the States, the Government of the
United States, as a mere question of expediency,
had concluded to leave the exercise of that power
to the States, every State in the Union lias made
giant strides in the work of internal improvement.
Enormousamounts of money have been invested.
What is the case ofMaryland to-day may be the
case of some other State to-morrow. She may
be the first victim; but other States may speedily
be made to feel this aggression upon their just
jurisdiction. Pennsylvania investments may be
made void; New York and Ohio and otherStates
may be trespassed upon, one after another.
There are other elements in this question,apart
from the matter of the constitutional competency
of the Government of the United States. The
States have gone too far, private individuals have
gone too far, in making their investments under
this received opinion of the country, the supposed
determination of all authorities t,o abandon the
exercise of this power by the Government of the
United States, for Congress now to interpose and
undertake to exercise this power, unless they will
reimburse every dollar of investment that they
render valueless.
This is not a mere question of power or right. It
is a question of good faith on the part of the Gov-
ernment. Take that case now with regard to the
State of Maryland. I state what I do now un-
der correction, because I cannot state with entire
accuracy, for five-and-twenty years have rolled
away since I have looked at the books and papers
relative to the subject to which 1 refer. Take the
case of Maryland. If you are to destroy alto-
fether one of the valuable investments made by
laryland, one road from here through Maryland,
then take our entire internal improvement system
off our hands, and do not take that which is most
valuable, and leave us that which is of no value
at all. One of the smallest States in the Union,
Maiyland has been the pioneer in the work of
internal improvement. The State has been in-
volved to an enormous amount of money in pro-
portion to her extent and population. My colleague
on the other side is well aware of that fact. And
it required a system of onerous taxation; but now,
thank God, Maryland has in her treasury dollar
for dollar to pay all of her obligations. When
you take this improvement, for, disguise it as you
may, that is the effect of tins bill, when you take
the Baltimore and Washington raihoad, take our
other investments off our hands; take the Chesa-
peake and Ohio canal, in which Maryland has a
capital invested of $12,000,000.
A Member. Fifteen million.
Mr. THOMAS. 1 spoke of the amount when
I was president of that corporation once, and I
suppose that, principal and interest, it will amount
now to $15,000,000. That was an investment
made by the State of Maryland to the enhance-
ment of every piece of property that the Govern-
ment has in the District of Columbia. Maryland
has $15>OOOsQOOin thatgreatwork, thiscanal,and
she has no prospect of a dividend. The prospect
of a dividend is so remote that I cannot see when
there will be one from that source.
Mr. Speaker, I say apart from the constitu-
tional potency of Congress to exercise this power,
there are those questions lying back of it which
we eannot lose sight of. We cannot trample
upon all the rights of the State and be dead to
every sense of justice by interposing what I
must call, with all respect, an attempted usurpa-
tion of power. Take all of them, if you take
any; take off our hands all of these investments
in the Baltimoreand Susquehanna, the Baltimore'
and Ohio, the Susquehanna canal, and the Chesa-
peake and Ohio canal; take all and reimburse ua
for all, and do not utterly annihilate the only
branch of our improvements which has been
profitable to the State.
Mr. Speaker, 1 hope that the House will par-
don my desultory manner in discussing these
questions, for i did not intend to take partm the
debate at all.
But let us look at this matter in sober serious-
ness. Is such a military road necessary ? That
is the question. Is there anything in the present
or future condition of the country making it prob-
able that we will want this thoroughfare between
here and Baltimore? We are in an unnatural
condition; and,thank God, we mean'to close the
present condition of things in such a way, with!
such emphasis, with such fixed and unchangeable
determination, that there will be no danger in any
succeeding age that any class of our citizens will
create the precise condition of affairs under which
we are now living. Let us see whether it is not
an unnatural condition of affairs. We have a
civil war upon our hands. We have been put to
the necessity of transporting troops, munitions
of war, and supplies for the Army to the seat of
Government; but when the civil war is over, let
us see whether there ure not improvements of
more importance than a railroad from the Susque-
hanna to the OTttt of Government, by which more
money is to be put into the pockets of the cor-
porators of the Susquehanna tail road in addition
to the §1,500,000 given generously by the State
of Maryland. Let us see whetherthiscondttion
of things is to last long. In a foreign war Balti-
more, Philadelphia, New Yot k, Boston,Portland,
and the sea-board cities of the South will be in
danger. They will be in front of the war, and
not Washington city. Where, then, aie we to
get our munitions of war and supplies from?
From the interior of the great States of Pennsyl-
vania, New York, Maryland, West Virginia,and
from the valley of the Mississippi. There is
where they are all,to come from;and seeing this
there is more plausibility in a proposition to build
railroads parallel with the Pennsylvania Central,
the New York and Erie,and Boston and Albany
railroads, than this cross-road from the Susque-
hanna to Washington. They arc military roads
which will be guarded in time of any exigency
growing out of war. And if you want to pro-
vide for the seatof Government a proper defense,
do not look to the interior of Pennsylvania or to
Philadelphia, but look to the westward. Mary-
land, looking westward, has already provided for
that; they have given you the corporation called
the Metropolitan Railroad Company, contem-
plating a railroad from Washington to the Balti-
more and Ohio road at the Point of Rocks, so
that transportation from the West of either men
or munitions of war might come directly to the
seat of Government without taking the circuitous 5
route by the way of the Relay House, in any
point of view, therefore, as a military necessity,
this road is not necessary, especially as it could
not be completed before the civil war is closed.
1 put it, therefore, to the members of this House
with sober seriousness and earnestness, whether
there is any exigency demanding this measure in
the presentstate of affairs.
Mr. SCHENCK. I would ask the gentleman
from Maryland whether he would not be willing
to forego ali further discussion of this-matter now
and postpone the subject for a week.
Mr. THOMAS. I was just about coming to
that proposition.
Mr. GANSON. I would suggest that a post-'
ponement of two weeks would be satisfactory.'
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 would say to thegefttie-.
man from Maryland that I desire to get before
the House, before the hour of half past &ve
