148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
*diers in the seventh regiment, among them my
own colleague from New York, [Mr. Chanler,]
they left their homes, palaces I will say, gener-
ously came here and encamped upon the heights
around about, to drive back the enemy that then
threatened. There were not only such citizens
of New York in that distinguished regiment, but
the Irish-born citizens, men from the stews and
bagnios, of whom the gentleman so sneeringly
spoke. Yes, sir, the Irish regiments of the city
of New York, and the German regiments of New
York, men who were here hardly long enough
to comprehend the English language, in the
ebullition of patriotism, as the trumpet call came
from Washington, poured forth, regiment after
regiment,in thousands ofthousands of men, until
the Secretary of War, Mr. Cameron, said to that
metropolitan city, " We have more regiments of
soldieis than are necessary for the protection of
the capital." Sir,New York city has responded
to every call of the President to arms; even that
New York which cast nearly thirty-eight thou-
sand majority against his politics and his policy,
and which would have increased that vote to forty-
two or forty-three thousand if the short days of
November had not excluded thousands of its
honest voters from the polis.
Yet the honorable gentleman indulges in his
imputations against the patriotism of the city of
New York. Sir, if any honorable gentleman
chooscs ever to indulge in any such flings or sar-
casms, last of all should outcry come from him,
a Representative from Pennsylvania. Pending
the invasion of the rebels before the battle of An-
tietam, when even Penns*ylvanians couid not be
aroused to the defense of their own State, when
her citizens fled back, when the legions of the
enemy surrounded Washington and came down
through the mountains of Pennsylvania, the sol-
diers of New Yoik hastened from all parts, from
their houses and homes, to help with the gallant
men of the Army to drive back the enemy, liut
for the gallant regiments from the city of New
York, and from the State of New York, whose
Governor [Seymour] the gentleman has so slan-
derously traduced to-day, who knows but that
Lee would have engulfed the capita! of Penn-
sylvania, and captured and sacked the city of
Philadelphia itself? Least of all should lie speak
against the noble State which saved Pennsylvania.
The foot of the enemy, sir, has never trod upon
'the soil of New York. Itia a virgin soil, and dur-
ing this whole war will continue to be a virgin
sod. I cannot say the same of the State from
which the honorable gentleman comes, whose soil
has been'degraded by the rebel army again and
again; whose cities have been plundered and
burned by the rebel army. Yet the honorable
gentleman has here, this day, denounced as un-
patriotic, as ignoble, as thieves and robbers, the
gallant soldiers as well a.? the citizens of the Em-
pire State, which I have the honor in pait to rep-
resent.
Put let that pass also. I deprecate these per-
sonalities. 1 mourn the occasion that tempts me
to enter into them, i wish the report of the de-
bate could be suppressed and not entered upon the
congressional records of the country. What I
have said has been only in defense of my own
city and State. I indulge in no unkind feelings
toward Pennsylvania. Nay, I am sure the hon-
orable gentleman only repiescnts himself in ins
denunciation of New York, and when I speak,
as I do speak, I speak only to him, and to no
other Pennsylvaniun upon the floor.
Let that pass while 1 refer to another matter of
history. The honorable gentleman, m the course
of his essay, alleged that from the formation of
the Government the South has domineered and
controlled in the Halls of Congress and through-
out the country.
Mr. SCOF1ELD. Will the gentleman allow
me to correct him? I did not say the "South;**
I referred all through the debate to the institution
of slavery.
Mr. BROOKS. The institution of slavery rep-
resented by tile southern men upon the floor of
this House—accept the words—and yet the insti-
tution never was here upon the floor of the House.
They were the southern representatives of the in-
stitution.
Sir, that course of remark has been so often in- j
dulged in that 1 am inclined to believe the great :
body of the members on that side of the House, !
and those they represent, now believe-that we
northern-born men, we Yankee men, have been
controlled and domineered over by an oligarchy
or an aristocracy of the South. It is not true;
from beginning to end the declaration is not true,
and it is an ignoble confession upon the part of
those who make it. Northern men followers
even of southern men; controlled and domineered
over by them upon the floor of this House ! We,
an inferior race; they, a superior race of men,
born to govern ! Never, never; there is no such
record in the history of our country.
The South has had one great advantage over
the North here, and that is by its continuous rep-
resentation upon the floor of this House. Under
our northern miserable system of representation,
every two or four years, after a man has been
educated to a place in tins body,after he has come
to know its rules, and understand his duties, after
he has become trained and educated as a states-
man, then at that hour the political wheel rolls
him out, and a green man comes here to meet the
Representatives of the South who have been here
ten, twenty, thirty, and even forty years; men
not born superior to us, but superior to us in their
training and education, and always therefore ex-
ercising that power and authority over the House
of Representatives and over Congress which su-
periority of training and education always have
given, and ever will give, as well to northern as
to southern men.
Whenever our northern men have been kept
here as long as John Gluincy Adams was—and I
name but one name ot a representative man for
that side of the House; whenever such men have
been kept in Congress or in public life, year after
year,"they have had no superior m the South, and
seldom if ever their equal either in this Hall or
in the other House of Congress. But if green
men are brought here every two years to act
against the trained veterans of the South, the
South will have larger influence and authority
over this country than northern men,and be given
the offices as the best fitted men.
But even with all this disadvantage the state-
ment is not Hue, for northern policy, northern
measures, northern commerce, northern trade,
banking, and money-making,have governed this
country from the foundation of the Government.
Ourtarilfs have been imposed upon the South for
the protection of our manufactures and the devel-
opment of our internal improvements. We have
made money out of the South at will. We have
been their commission merchants, their factors,
their freighters, their manufacturers, and they
have been but our overseers to use their negroes
to woik for our benefit. We have fattened by
our political policy upon that labor; and we have
built up our cities and our country by the use we
have made of the South, and in that way we have
governed the southern country. If their men
have been longer m public life, and held more pub-
lic places, it is the fault of our political system,
but wherever a dollar was to be made, wherever
a law was to be enacted for the benefit of com-
merce, of ttade, or of manufaetuies, the North
has almost always governed and the South has
almost always obeyed. The North has made the
money under the Government, if more than a fan-
proportion of southern men have administered
that Government.
Nor has the South here in this House, and upon
this floor, always had its way, even with its able
men. I was here in the great struggle of 1850,
when the ablest men of the South were upon the
floor of the adjoining Hall exercising all their
power to bring California into the Union as a slave
State, and to extend slavery to the Pacific; and
in that they failed. I recollect their arguments.
1 myself was engaged in a warm debate on that
subject with Mr. Toombs, of Georgia; and in the
course of the argument, when he was claiming
that California should be open to the representa-
tives and institutions of Georgia and South Caro-
lina, as well as to those of New Yoik, he asked
me a question which i found it easier to evade
than to answer. Did not, he asked, a regiment
from New York city and a regiment from South
Carolina, in the march from Vera Cruz to Mex-
ico, at Chapultepec, I think he said, fight side by
side and shoulder to shoulder to conquer the Mex-
icans; and when the victory was won and the
treaty made and the common territory acquired
for which these soldiers of New York and South
Carolina had fought and the country had paid for
in common, was it, he asked, just and right and
equitable that the son of the South Carolina sol-
dier, or that soldier himself, should be forbidden
to emigrate, carrying his institutions with him,
into California and the rest of the territory thus
acquired, side by side w th the citizen of New
York? I evaded the que non, I must confess. I
found it difficult to answer. I answered if to the
best of my ability, although not altogether satis-
factorily to myself.
I mention this incident, which was but one of
the many incidents of that great and prolonged
debate, during which the men of the North stood
together, I think, for six months upon the floor
of the House of Representatives, contending and
with great success for the exclusion of slavery
from California and from all the Pacific coast,
and then the South was fuliy and ably represented
here,never moreablyrepresented than then. The
North,and I among the northern Representatives,
stood up shoulder to shoulder, and successfully,
too, for we excluded slavery from California by
its admission as a free State. Slavery was for-
bidden by the compromise of 1850 to enter any
of the territory which we acquired from Mexico
on the Pacific coast.
How untrue is it, then, how anti-historical ia
the declaration, that upon the floor of the House
of Representatives the South has always governed
and always had the control.
Sir, when Florida was annexed to this Union,
that annexation of which the honorable gentle-
man seems to complain, Florida, though a slave-
holding State, was annexed more for the benefit
of the shipping and commerce of the North than
for the South. The Gulf of Mexico 
Mr, HIGBY. I would like to ask the gentle-
man fiom New York a question.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 am occupied with the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania now.
Mr, HlGBY. My question is in relation to
California, to which the gentleman has referred.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 must decline to yield.
Mr. HIGBY again addressed the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York declines to yield, and is entitled to proceed
without interruption.
Mr. HIGBY. I do not like to hear any false-
hoods stated about my own State.
Mr. BROOKS. Sir, when Louisiana wasadded
to this Union, what was Louisiana? A slave-
holding French State. Slavery was the binding
law of that vast territory. The Louisiana of that
day was not the little State upon the Gulf and on
the Mississippi, but it was Arkansas, it was Mis-
souri; it was all that vast territory which stretches
from the Mississippi to the Pacific ocean; and yet
in our contest with the South in the compromise
of 1820, when that territory was divided, we left
to the South only Arkansas and Missouii, while as
free territory we have planted the flag of the North
upon all that vast region which now comprises
Teintories and States too numerous to mention.
Toll me not, then, that the South has governed
the North. Tell me not that the North has ever
been controlled by the South. It is not true. It
is dishonorable to confess it and not less dishon-
orable to declare it on the floor of the House. The
greatfreeStates ot Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, the
free gift of slaveholding Virginia to the North,
deny it. The Noith has always had its lights,
here and elsewhere, whenever it has thought it
worth the while to claim them.
The South was abolishing slavery when the
abolition war commer.ccd upon it thiity years
ago, and in due time, by the operation of natural
causes, slavery would have passed away from the
face of the earth without any of this civil war.
Civil war lias interposed and created a catastrophe,
and, perhaps, hastened the abolition of slavery,
butamid how much of bloodshed and carnage,ami
with what irrepaiable damage to ail the fiee insti-
tutions of the North. Sir, we luiveabo'ishcd the sla-
very of the South, but in so doing we have become
the slaves, the thralls, the bondmen of the capitalist
of the North. We are mortgaged to them lor life,
ours and the coming geneiauon, ourchildren and
our children's children. Our farms are mortgaged,
our labor is mortgaged. We are " held to ser-
vice" for life to earn enough to pay the interest
upon the principal of the great debt. The capi-
talists own us as much as capitalists in England
own the people of England. For the emancipa-
