1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
915
will consume much time. If, however, it shall
do so 1 shall not press it on the Senate now.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let us go through with
the regular order.
Mr. FOSTER. I am certainly- very far from
wishing to interpose any objection to the con-
sideration of the bill, hut there is another bill
■which has been commenced and which is the
unfinished business of the morning, that is as
pressing as this bill can be, for a reason that the
Senator well knows. I allude to the bill to es-
tablish a circuit and district court in the State
of Nevada. I hope that bill will not be post-
poned. The honorable Senator from Nevada
[Mr. Stewart] is entitled to the fiooron it, hav-
ing been cut short in his speech by the expira-
tion of the morning hour.
Mr. CONNESS. I would remind the Senator
from Connecticut that this bill was partly acted
upon on Saturday morning,more recently than the
bill to which he alludes, and although I know
that the bill mentioned by him is one of great con-
sequence, I am satisfied that this will not consume
much time, if the Senate will let it be taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
t^ie motion of the Senator from California.
•The motion was notagreedto—ayes nine,noes
not counted.
ItBrORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. COLLAMER, fiom the Committee on the
Library, to whom were referred two petitions of
citizens of Michigan and a petition of members
of tlie Legislature of Michigan, praying that John
M. Stanley may be remunerated for the loss of
lus collection of Indian portraits destroyed by fire
at the Smithsonian Institution, asked to be dis-
charged from their further consideration; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred .the joint resolution (H. R. No. 164)
authorizing a contract with William H. Powell
for a pictuie for the Capitol, reported it without
amend merit.
Mr. ANTHONY, fiom the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred amotion to print addi-
tional copies of the Annual Report of the National
Academy of Sciences for 1864, reported it with
an amendment substituting "one thousand" for
"five hundred," and ihe amendment was adopted,
and the motion agreed to as amended.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred
a petition of provost marshals in the Slate of
Michigan, praying for an increase in the rank and
pay of provost marshals, reported adversely
thereon.
Mr. MORPwILL, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred a bill (S. No. 400)
to regulate the management of captured and aban-
doned property in the rebel States, and for other
purposes, reported adversely thereon.
Mr. CHANDLER, fiom the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred a bill (S. No.
398) to repeal the eighth section of an act entitled
"An act in addition to the several acts concerning
commercial intercourse between loyal and insur-
rectionary States, and to provide for tl# collection
of captured and abandoned property, and the
prevention of frauds in States declared in insur-
rection," approved July 2,1864, reported it with-
out amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Buildings and Grounds, to whom was referred
the petition of William Hughes, praying pay-
ment for improvement of the grounds surrounding
Armory Square Hospital, asked to be dischaiged
from its further consideration, and that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
t Mr. BUCKALEW, from the joint committee
/ on the ventilation of the Halls of the two Houses
of Congress, submitted a report, which was or-
dered to be piinted; and a motion by him to print
three hundred extra copies was referred to the
Committee on Printing.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. DOOLITTLE asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
457) to change the name of the propeller P. W.
Backus to that of Metacomet; which was read
twice by its title, and referred -to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
458) to regulate and equalize the expenses of as-
sessors of internal levenue for clerks and station-
ery; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. WILSON. I move thatthe bill be printed,
and I desire that it lie on the table until to-mor-
row. I intend to move its reference to the Com-
mittee on Finance; but before doing so, I desire
to make a brief statement of the facts pertaining
to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That order will be
made, if there be no objection.
Mr. WADE. 1 ask leave to introduce a con-
cuirent resolution, and I desire its present con-
sideration, if there bo no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not now in
order. A concurrent resolution does not pro-
vide for legislation, but is simply in the nature of
a resolution of the Senate. The introduction of
bills and joint resolutions is still in order.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
459) to provide for the consolidation of the In-
dian tribes, and to establish civil government in
the Indian Territory; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HENDERSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
461) to amend the judicial system of the United
States; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DIXON asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 462)_
for the relief of the levycouitof the county of
Washington, District of Columbia; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. HENDRICKS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
463) to amend an act entitled "An act to amend
an act entitled 'An act making a grant of alter-
nate sections of public lands to the State of Mich-
igan to aid in the construction of certain railroads
in said State, and for other purposes;'" which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Lloyd, Chief Clerk, announced thatthe
House had passed the following bills and joint res-
olutions, in which it requested the concurrence of
the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 744) to amend an act en-
titled "An act to provide internal revenue to sun-
port the Government, to pay interest on the pub-
lic debt, and for other purposes," approved June
30,1864;
A bill (H. R. No. 767) to increase the pay of
certain officers of the Army, and for other pur-
poses;
A bill (H. R. No. 765) concerning regimental
and garrison courts-martial/
A bill (li. K. No. 698) ro establish in the War
Department a Bureau for the Relief of Freedmen
and Refugees;
A bill (,H. R. No. 600) for the better organi-
zation of the subsistence department;
A bill (H. R. No. 653) to determine the rank
of officers reentering the military service;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 169) to provide
for the publication of a full Army Register;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 170) declaring
and defining the meaning of the law in regard to
officers' servants;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 171) in the mat-
ter of Sergeant Daniel Collett, jr., deceased ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 172) to authorize
the President to make transfers of officers in the
Army of the United States; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 173) directing
the Secretary of the Treasury to issue American
registers to the British schooners Minnie Williams
and E. M. Baxter.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire tosubmit a motion
with reference to the tax bill in order to expedite
it as much as possible. I move that it be taken
up, and read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H. K.
No. 744) to amend an act entitled "An act to pro-
vide internal revenue to support the Government,
to pay interest on the public debt, and for other
purposes," approved June 30, 1864, was read
twice by Us tiiie, and referred to the Committee
011 Finance.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that it be printed;
and I wish that the printing be expedited as far
as possible.
The motion was agreed to.
MRS. LUCY A. RICE.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask the Senate to take up
Senate joint resolution No. 116, relating to Mrs.
Lucy A. Rice, late of Richmond, Virginia. It
was partially acted on by the Senate the other
day, but we did not pass finally upon it. I do
not suppose it will take up any time in debate!
Mr. SUMNER. I desire to introduce a bill.
Mr. HOWARD. Let me pass this first.
Mr. WADE. I wish the Senator would let
me take up my resolution for consideration. If
it takes any time I will drop it.
Mr HOWARD. If mine takes any time I
will drop it. •
Mr. WADE. I got mine in first.
Mr. HOWARD. No; mine was brought in
the other day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thequestion is on
the motion of the Senator from Michigan to post-
pone all prior orders and take up the joint reso-
lution indicated by him.
The motion was not agreed to.
WASHINGTON AND GEORGETOWN RAILROAD.
Mr. SUMNER, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 460) to repeal an "Act to incorporate
the Washington and Georgetown Railroad Com-
pany;" winch was read twice by its title.
Mr. SUMNER. On the question of reference
I desire to make a statement. I have in my hands
the charter of the Washington and Georgetown
Railroad#Com'pany. The sixth section provides
as follows:
" That this act may at any time be altered, amended, ar
repealed by the Congress ol'ttie United States."
The power of Congress, thereforejfover that
charter is complete. The next question fe, wheth-
er the occasion has come for the exercis® of the
power. I submit that it has. The present pro-
prietors of that charter, acting under it, heist
daily upon outraging the law of the land, as Cbat
law has been declared in this Chamber by crfli-
nent Senators again and again, by the Senator
from Maryland [Mr. Johnson] and by the Sen-
ator from West Virginia who is not now in his
scat, [Mr. WiLLEY,] to the effect that no corpo-
ration is justified m any exclusion from a public
conveyance on account of color. That, sir, is the
law of the land; but in the face of that positive
principle, this successful, rich, and pampered cor-
poration insists upon outraging it daily. I have
in my hand an extract from a recent newspaper,
which I shall read, as follows:
" Ejected from a Street Car.—As car No 1 was
akiiifr tile avenue yesterday morning, atabout nine
o'clock, a voun^ woman of about eighteen summers ealied
the conductor and allied him it he allowed colored people
to ridt1 in Ins ear. fie replied lie did not, and said lie_dlu
not know of anv coloicd person being in ttie cai. lho
ynuu  woman told him tfiat the person sitting next to her
was ;t colored woman; whereupon the conductor com-
pelled her to leave the car, *he, at the same time, being
winter and lairer than the person complaining of her pres-
ence in the car."
There is an outrage of which we have a public
record in the journals. But this is not all. I
have in my hand a ietter from n gentleman in the
Paymaster General's office, who writes me under
date of February 17, 1865, as follows:
"A few days ago \ saw an American soldier in the uni-
form of his country ejected (iota one of the street cars of
the Washington and Georgetown railroad in which I was
u passenger. He was a neat, orderly, intelligent-looking
man, whose soldierly bearing testified to hid pride in the
uniform he wore.
u i know not how many rebels were n> that car. for only
one expressed herself, and vhe was loud in denunciations
of the 'Yankee Government' and ' the nigger'—an avowed
traitor. .
" Tins was a strange spectacle to a loyal tnan who has
•served a full term m Ihe field. I have heretofore omitted
to call attention to simtl.ir wiong^, hoping that Confess
would *oon put an end to them.
" I will Anther add that, beside his uniform, I saw noth-
ing in the soldier that should have s>u^ecied him to the
outrage, except, perhaps, his color."
There is evidence of the outrage.^ I have said
that the law has been often declared in this Chaw-
