916
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
ber; but it has been declared also from the courts.
I have in my hand the opinion of a judge in Cal-
ifornia, and if I could have the attention of my
friend from California [Mr. Confess] I should
like to call his particular attention to the able and
emphatic statement of the law by^ this learned
judge in San Francisco. Itisan opinion givenas
iate as this very last month of January, 1865, on
an action for damages brought against a railroad
corporation for ejecting a colored person from the
cars. On that occasion the learned judge, who I
name to honor, Judge 0. C. Pratt, in a very able
opinion, expressed himself as follows:
"The law, however, regulating the rights of the parties,
it is the duty of the court to lay before you, and it is incum-
bent on jou to act upo.i and he guided by it in your deiib-
erationo. Should any error be. committed in declaring what
the law in the premises is* the responsibility will be mine
and not yours."
He then goes on to say as follows:
<{ That the plaintiff is one in who«e veins flows blood of
the African race, or who«e skin has a darker color than the i
majority of other human beings with whom we are daily :
fcuirounded in life, in no iexpect impairs her rights, nor do 1
such hiood and color, in any manner, place her outside of j
the piotection of courts and juries when invoked to rediess j
her alleged injuiies.7' j
Then after admonishing the jury to approach j
the question without passion on the one side or
the other, the learned judge proceeds as follows: i
" Keeping these suggestions of duty fully in view, we I
charge you, as the law of the premises, tliatif you believe >
noriAhe testimony the phuntifF at a reasonable time and !
proper place appiind to defendant to be earned as a pas-
senger in its railroad cars, and tendered the tare which
was by law required, and there was manifest to defendant
no personal objections to her carriage, other and different
irom tnose arising out ot her race or color, and her appli-
cation was relused for that sole reason, and that she was 1
compelled, by sufficient force to effect it, by defendant's ]
servant, against her will, and with defendant's assent, to '
leave the ear of defendant wheie such application was |
made, then and in saich case such refusal wa> a breach of :
duty bj defendant, and sucn ejection of plaintiff was wrong- j
iu! and unlawful, and entitles plaintiff to damages. Ines- ;
timating damages m such ca^e you may not only ascertain j
from the prooss Mich direct pecuniary losses, if any, di- j
reclly resulting therefrom, but m addition we £harge >ou, :
where a duty imposed by law is refined to be perfoi me.d by ;
one on who'm it i= enjoined, and sucn lelur-al is accom- ;
pnnied with willful personal injury and insult. calculated to !
produce bodily or mental suffering, or to cause shame and i
a depression ot spirits as a direct and immediate result of |
such willful infringement of right-, ibe law permits jurors j
to take fetich injuues into consideration in computing the j
damages to which the suffering party h entitled. To au- j
tbonze thi*, however, u mu-t salisfaetonly appear by the I
piools that such intiiiigementofn^iits has been maliciously J
committed, or Mien duty enjoined by law willfully and ma- i
licii'iisly refused to be perioiined. Tiie m\c laid down in !
the elementary books on tins subject is substantially that ,
the sense of wrong or m^ult in the sufferer's breast result- ;
ing from an act dictated by a spirit of willful injustice, or ,
by a willful intention to vex, degrade, or insult, may be
taken nuo consideration in making up the quantity of dam-
ages in connection with the pecuniary loss.*'
Sir, that is the common lav/ kid dosvn by a
learned jud^e in California. I thank that Slate
on the Pacific for teaching us here in Washing-
ton the law of the land. The jury after listening
to this charge leturned a verdict of §500 damages
for the ejection from the car.
Mr. CONNESS. And that means in gold.
Mr. SUMNER. And the Senator reminds me
that that means in gold. Wow,sir, I should like
to see the corporation that here in Washington
defies the law of the land mulcted in ^500 damages
in gold for every bieach of the law; but as the
corporation refuses to perform its duties, it seems
to me that Congress ought to step in and take
from it its charter.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, the very
authority cited by the honorable Senator from
Massaciiusetts to show why this bill should be
referred to a committee, is conclusive to my mind
that no such refeienceshould be made. He says
it is the established law of the land that this cor-
poration shall not exclude any person from its
cars on account of color. He cues a judicial de-
cision to bhow that if such exclusion be made,
the corpoiation is liable in damages. If such be
the fact, if the law of the land be as thus stated,
if that law has been so solemnly declared, why
not leave the person ejected to his action at law?
Why, upon the mere report in a newspaper, un-
supported by any other testimony, invoke the
action of Congress to revoke the charter?
Suppose that to-morrow there is some white
passenger on board of any car in any State, ac-
cording to the report of a newspaper, ejected (rom
a car, would the Legislature of any State deem it
a matter of so much importance and worthy of so
much consideration at their hands as to revoke
the charter of the corporation 011 that account; or
would they not leave the ejected passenger to his
remedy (svhich, according to the Senator is am-
ple) at law? Suppose that to-day or to-morrow
a white passenger is ejected from the cars of this
railroad company, would any Senator here rise
in his place and ask that the charter of the com-
pany be revoked; or would he not remit the
ejected passenger to his remedy at law ? Has it
come to this, that when a corporation violates,or
is alleged to have violated, its contract with an
individual, the powerful agency of Congress is to
be invoked, when it is confessed that there is full
and adequate remedy at law ?
Suppose that any member of this Senate causes
to be placed on board of any car a package; sup-
pose he wishes to transmit by any corporation
over which we have jurisdiction freight, and sup-
pose the corporation violates its contract with that
individual, would you deem it of sufficient import-
ance and worthy of so great consideration that
the authority of the highest legislative tribunal
ill the land must be invoked to redress the wrong
and enforce the remedy; or would you leave the
person so aggrieved to that remedy which the law
already provides?
I do not intend to detain the Senate, but I do
think, that considering the amount of the legisla-
tion of Congress which is devoted to this negro
race, it is time it should stop and that the poor
degraded white should have some consideration.
Oh, sir, how unfortunate is it that we were born
with white skins !
Sir, when subjects of this character are intro-
duced, I think it would well become the Senate
of the United States to adjourn and go to some
town hall to consider the question and then come
back to the Senate Chamber and resume their
legislative duties.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire to ask what is
the question before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is to
refer the bill to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Wilson] has submitted a motion
to reconsider the vote on the passage of the Army
appropriation bill; I deem it important to have
that matter disposed of.
Mr. SUMNER. Let this be first disposed of.
Mr. BROWN. I want to say a word before
this question passes away from the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. If I have the floor, and I
believe I have, I call up the motion to reconsider,
which has been submitted in regard to the Army
appropriation bill, it is important that that bill
should be sent to the House of Representatives.
Mr. BROWN. I do not intend to occupy more
than a moment's time,
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think that the mo-
tion to reconsider will occupy much time; bat J
will yield if the Senator desires to speak.
Mr. BROWN. I shall have something to say
on this bill when ids reported back from the com-
mittee. I desire now simply to thank the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts for the persistence which
he has shown in bringing this matter before the
attention of Congress. When the Congress of
the United State3 have deliberately expressed
their opinion on this subject five several times,
by five different votes, taken in both branches,
declaring that this outrage shall no longer be tol-
erated, I think it is high time that we should call
attention to a corporation which helds its rights
under our laws and which persists ill violating
them. It seems to me that it is a case in which
we shall be recreant to our own dignity if we do
not take it in hand. I therefore trust that we
shall have an early report from the committee on
this subject. Theieis 110 question, I believe, but
what the common law is as stated, nor is there
any question that Congress has reiterated again
and again its sense that that law sl.ould be en-
forced.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I believe that upon a mo-
tion to refer it is not in order to discuss the
merits of the measure. If I am right, I ask for
the enforcement of that rule. I do not think this
bill should have special preference, just after the
Senate has refused to consider the bill which the
Senator from California [Mr. Conness] desired
to call up, and which was a bill for the relief and
benefit of very many of the occupants of the pub-
lic lands. The Senate, on a vote, refused to hear
that bill, not ten minutes ago, and I am not con-
tent that the meritsof this bill shall now be dis-
cussed or at any time until that other bill is con-
sidered.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now call up the motion
to reconsider the vote by which the Army appro-
priation bill was passed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is the bill here?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is here.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know the reason
for the motion to reconsider, which the Senator
from Massachusetts has submitted; but I wish
it disposed of so that the bill may go to the House
of Representatives.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, f suppose, desiies to reconsider it for
some particular object. If he will state what it
is, we shall be better prepared to know how to
vote.
Mr. GRIMES. "We always allow a reconsid-
eration.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Always as a matter of
course? If there is no object 111 reconsidering it
I suppose it will not be reconsidered. 1 should
j like to know why it is to be reconsidered,
j Mr. WILSON. I have moved to reconsider
! the vote by which the bill was passed for the
j purpose of makinga further motion to reconsider
! the vote by which an amendment was adopted
1 at the instance of the Senator from Illinois. I
| believe that amendment, if it be retained, will
J disarrange the existing affairs of the Army. I
I think it will do gieat injustice. By a decision
; of the Treasury Department I think the amend-
i ment, if it be adopted, will immediately affect
j all the officers of the Army in legard to the icn-
! f-evity ration, and there is no reason on earth
I why it should be done. That ration, was founded
i in reason and justice and ought not to be dis-
! turhed. I have n letter from an Army officer——
j Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to its
1 being reconsidered if you wish to get at that mat-
ter again.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sup-
poses the next question will be on reconsidering
the vote by which the amendments were ordered
to be engrossed and the bill to be read a third
' time.
i The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
* The VICE PRESIDENT. Now the bill is in
i a position which affords the Senator fiom Mas-
i sachusetts an opportunity to make his motion to
| reconsider the vote by which the amendment he
| refers to was adopted, if lie voted with the ma-
jority on that question.
1 Mr. CLARK. I voted with the majority far
that amendment, and I will submit the motion to
reconsider, not committing myself in regaid to it
either way, but simply in older to hear what may
j be said upon the point.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question be-
, fore the Senate is the motion to reconsider the
j vote by which the following amendment was
I agreed to,'fcs an additional section:
j be it fudhcr enac/e^, That all laws and
1 parts of laws or regulations of the \Y:u Department which
i give additional pay or rank to officer* ot the recul.tr Anny
• over officers in the volunteer s>erviee of the same rank «ue
I hereb} repealed.
] Mr. TRUMBULL. I am willing to have the
! vote reconsidered m order to reach the question.
! The motion to reconsider was agreed to; and
! the question recurred on agreeing to the amend*
! ment.
I Mr. WILSON. I will rend an extract from n
j letter which I have received from one of the most
! intelligent officers in the Army m regaid to the
j effect of this amendment:
; Will you for one moment look at the f%Vct which Mr.
i Trumruli.'s amendment lias on the tank of Sherman,
Thomai, Sheridan, and Meade? They wore ail major gen-
! erals of volunteers, thus • W. T. Sherman. l<t Vlav,
i G. II. Thotn;i>, 23th Apul, ItSJ; P. II. Sh. iidrto. 31st IV-
; comber. 1865; V, G. Mcmie,'29rU November, 1862. They
' distinguished themselves, and upon the pre-umption that
; a commission of major general ot le-mlar* takes precedence
1 ovei tii.itof major goictnlol voiumeei-, hy was 'it reward,
1 tllev are oomnu--Moned major gonesal* of regular*, thus:
! U\'T, Hhe man, 14th August, 18G1; P. H- Shendan. 8th
November. 1864 } G, G. Meade, Ifcth August, le'VJj O.  j-
; Thomas, 15th December, 1B64. Now Mr. TRCMweiX'tf
■ amendment destroys the presumption and eliminate* tae
[ precedence. What follows? Sherman lo*mwo year* t<vo
1 months and tweiyo 4ajs rank as general, and has
