150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
ted States. That solemn obligation I have ever
intended to keep, and cannot relax in my purpose
now when the ax of a party majority is raised in
an illegitimate way to strike down its provisions.
The plain terms of the obligation preclude any
attempt to change or destroy any of its provis-
ions or guarantees, except by the lawful mode
which itself provides, and which is laid down in
its fifth article in the following words:
"The Congress, whenever two thirds of both Houses
shall deem it necessary, shall propose amendments to tills
Constitution, or, on the application of tiie Legislatures of
two thirds of the several States, shall call a convention for
proposing amendments, which, in either case, shall be
valid to ail intents and purposes as part of this Constitution
when ratified by the Legislatures of three fourths of the
several States, or by conventions in three fourths thereof,
as the one or the other mode of ratification may be proposed
by the Congress; provided, that no amendment which may
-be made prior to the year 1808 shall in any manner affect
the first and fourth clauses in the ninth section of the first
arttclc, and that no State, without its consent, shall be de-
prived of its equal suffrage in the Senate."
Upon what reasoning and recognition of facts
does any memberof this Congress claim the pos-
sible power, under the foregoing article, to take
the initiatory steps to the changc proposed ? Are
the States whose people, in part, are in rebellion
against the General Government out of the Union
in theory and in fact? Are they foreign Powers,
and their inhabitants foreign people, not subject
to the Constitution and laws of the United States ?
If so, why do wc raise and send mighty hosts to
enforce, by the sword, the bayonet, and the can-
non, obedience and subjugation to that Constitu-
tion and to those laws? If the people of the so-
called seceded States are not citizens in the Union,
"why are our courts engaged, under an act of Con-
gress,in confiscating their estates for acts of trea-
son against their Government? Treason implies
citizenship; it cannot be committed by an alien
or an enemy, if those States are not out of the
Union in theory of law, and if their people owe
the allegiance to the Government of the United
States which is claimed of them, then clearly those
States are among the number of States three
fourths of whom mustunite their voices upon any
proposition to amend their Constitution.
That they are not so legally in the Union, and
bo to be regarded as States with a controlling por-
tion of their people in rebellion, is a new and re-
cently assumed proposition.and at war with every
executive manifesto, proclamation, and declara-
tion from the first act of secession till now. From
the commencement of what every one has called
rebellion the people of the Federal States, of all
parties, and without distinction, have agreed upon
the common idea and doctrine that ordinances of
secession are null and void; that the sovereignty
of the Constitution was unalterably fixed upon all
thepeopleof the realm, and on thatfaith,and that
only, the Union-loving patriotism of the country
has responded to all calls made by the military
administration, and allowed the blood of the na-
tion to be freely poured out and expended, and a
grievous national debt to be incurred. Are we
now to see the predominating party holding these
great issues in its hands change front upon this
vital question ? If so, then manifestly, with the
policy of the nation in their hands, there is no hope
of a restoration of the Union. A change in our
public councils must occur or we shall be stripped
of the birthright which we most valued.
But were the proposed action practicable in a
legalpoint of view, 1 should shrink from the policy
as putting us upon untenable ground, and making
us to assume the character of aggressors while
we profess to be fighting against and punishing
aggression—we, who ought m this terrible busi-
ness, to have no stain upon our hands. Undoubt-
edly the rebellion is a great wrong; but it would
certainly be meeting wrong with wrong to deny
them their original constitutional rights in the
Union when they shall have returned to it. Who-
ever wishes for their return should openly con-
demn all such policy. Whatever moral question
may be involved in the subject of negro slavery
in any State of the original Confederacy is a ques-
tion for determination and settlement only by the
people of such State. To abandon or maintain
the institution according to the sense, will, and
policy of the people of such local sovereignty, was
an undisputed right before and at the time of their
entering into the Federal Union; and the great
compact of confederation, the Constitution of the
United States, gave them no new right in that re-
spect, but only guarantied to them the undisturbed
enjoyment of a preexisting right, with such full
recognition of the same throughout the country
as should enable them safely to assert their right
of property in the labor of slaves, even in the
recapture of fugitives from their service in any
State. By the amendmentitis proposed to crush
out a sovereign right and power which never was
placed within the jurisdiction of any authority
except the local sovereignty by whose laws it
exists. Such is the main principle of the Govern-
ment framed by Washington and his compeers.
It cannot now be changed except by revolution.
The success of this proposition would dash the
cup of hope from the lips of a majority of the
people of all the adhering States. It is the desire
of a great majority of our people to reconstruct
the Union upon its old basis. Upon that basis
compromise can be made and the war honorably
closed; but upon no other or more restricted plan
can it be done. Subjugation of the South, and
sway over it, can be accomplished only by stand-
ing armies. We cannot dictate inany other way
the abandonment of their constitutional and re-
served rights. Can we afford the blood, the ex-
pense, the general suffering, the lack of all sub-
stantial success, which must attend upon such
policy?
The pretense of a humanitarian motive toward
the negroes amounts to nothing but a display of
systematic and intense hypocrisy. All sensible
men perceive that the negro slaves, whether held
under the new bondage of the so-called freedmen,
on confiscated plantations, or scattered in want and
undeserved sufieiing over the North,are the much-
abuscd and unfortunate victims of an unlawful
interference with the protection and support to
the benefits of which they were born; and that the
Gest possible disposition of them is to restore them
to their primal condition. They have been used
as a party political instrumentality to their bitter
cost, and they have sense enough to know that
politicians cannot reverse the decree of Almighty
God and make their race equal,socially or polit-
ically, with white men. Such may be the opinion
of the fanatical politician; but the more sane mind
of the negro, weak as it may be, has too much
perspicacity not to perceive the deceptive bait
which is thrown him. Many of them are now
sighing for the happy homes from which they
have been seduced.
Let us take honest counsel together and agree
to let the Constitution alone, with the hope of re-
storing the happy old constitutional regime. That
the Union may be restored and peace again per-
vade this distracted land, it needs only that the
prevailing voice of the people should declare for
an acquiescentadministration of the Government
according to the Constitution, which all Ameri-
cans once acknowledged as the palladium of our
national honor and gloiy. Upon such just and
judicious proffer the States and the people could
no longer be kept in severance. They would re-
cohere with the power of magnetic attraction.
Whoeverdisbelieves this is blind to the teachings
of the most illustrative history and to the whole
field of political cause and effect. Union men
should do nothing to lessen or defer the proba-
bility of such a result, but hasten to apply the
efficient cause by which it may be achieved.
I am aware that on this important occasion,
which involves nothing less than a summing up
and exhibit of all the Republican victories over
the ballot-box and the denouement of the original
purpose of that party, we must expect to hear,
instead of a fair discussion of the great subject,
the usual and familiar stump-speech poetry of the
driver's lash, the horrors attendant upon the dis-
franchisement of " our brethren" by theaforesaid
" sum of all villainies," that the awful importance
of this bold attempt todespoil the American Con-
stitution, considered in the effect its success will
be likely to have upon our national condition,
will not secure in this time and place a logical,
dispassionate solution of the question presented,
but that political partisanship on the part of the
majority will furnish much of the influence con-
trolling their acts.
The conservative members of this House should
recognize a double duty in the crisis and eventful
epoch of our history in which they are placed—
the duty of respectful reverence for the wisdom
and patriotism of those who were enabled to con-
struct the grand edifice of statesmanlike thought
and popular liberty which many seek now to
subvert or overthrow, and also the high obliga-
tion resting upon them as trustees for a coming
generation, who in the midst of sorrow and op-
pression may demand of them what they did in
the time of mortal action for the preservation and
transmission to them of their inheritable and in-
alienable rights.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the mo-
tion to reconsider the vote by which the House
rejected the joint resolution submitting to the
Legislatures of the several States a proposition to
amend the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. ROGERS. How much of the time which
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bliss] was entitled
to occupy remains?
The SPEAKER. Thirty-five minutes. If,
however, no other gentleman claims the floor, the
gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Rogers] will
be entitled to occupy one hour.
Mr. MALLORY. If the gentleman from New
Jersey will allow me a moment, I desire to ask
whether it is the purpose to bring this question to
a vote to-day.
Several Members. Oh, no.
Mr. MALLORY. Is a time fixed for closing
the debate?
A Member. Next Monday.
Mr. MALLORY. I hope that the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Ashley] will allow more time
than that'for the discussion of this question be-
fore we act on it finally.
Mr. ASHLEY. 1 stated yesterday that I had
no design to press a vote; that whenever itmight
be the pleasure of the House to take a vote on the
subject it would be satisfactory to me.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
when the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bliss] re-
sumed his seat, no gentleman claimed the floor.
Therefore, in the absence of amotion to postpone,
the Chair was compelled to state the question on
the motion to reconsider.
Mr. PRUYN. I thought that the vote had been
ordered to be taken on Monday.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Ashley] said that he would not ask a vote
until Monday.
Mr. MALLORY. My reason for making the
remark which 1 did was that I understood the
Speaker to say that the gentleman from New Jer-
sey would be entitled to the thirty-five minutes
remaining of the time of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Bliss.]
The SPEAKER. No other gentleman claim-
ing the floor, the gentleman from New Jersoy is
entitled to the floor in his own right for one hour.
Mr. COX. By permission of the gentleman I
desire to saya word. Some members on thisside
of the House, who desire to discuss this question,
are not prepared to do it now, and may not be on
Monday, if gentlemen on theotherside will con-
sent that the taking of the vote shall be postponed
till a week from next Monday, it will be agreea-
ble to gentlemen on this side of the Chamber.
Mr. ASHLEY. Mr. Speaker, I do not desire to
bind the House to any request which may be
made, but I will say this to gentlemen on the other
side of the House, that so tar as I am concerned
whenever a majority of the House desire a vote
I shall have the privilege of demanding the pre-
vious question.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suggest that before the ad-
journment to-day it be agreed to postpone the sub-
ject over to next Friday, which is also a private
bill day, and that the discussion continue Friday
and Saturday, when the vote shall be taken.
Mr. ASHLEY. I prefer for the present that the
discussion should be continued to-day and Mon-
day, and to leave it within the power of the ma-
jority of the House to take a vote wheneverit may
so decide. I will notcall for a vote unless pressed
by a majority.
Mr. ROGERS. Mr. Speaker, it is the first time
in the history of this country, until the present
party came into power, when any body of men
claimed that in the Constitution of the United
States, and by virtue of the laws of the several
States before they formed it, each State had no
right to legislate and control its own domestic
institutions according to us own judgment ex-
clusively. In this question there is not only in-
volved at this time the propriety of interfering
with the Constitution of the country, but behind
that a grave and serious question, in my judgment,
