1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
placed above him forty-eight major generals who were his
juniors when you made him a major geneial of regulars.
Sheridnn, Meade, and Thomas lose in similar proportion.
It is difficult to see the full extent of the mischief of tins
amendment.''
Mr. JBrodhead, of the Treasury Department,
has decided that v^unteers are not entitled to the
serviee ration. Arigy officers are entitled to it
now, and it is believed that the amendment of
the Senator from Illinois will at onofi affect the
rights of Array officer^ It is no tfme to enter
upon doubtful experiments, and Ijlope we shall
let well enough alone. \ i*
Mr. HALE. It is a vary strode proceeding
if there has been a decisiqgi of jhe Comptroller
upon an amendment to a Bill |frat has not yet
Mr. WILSON. Not a decision on this amend-
ment, but a decision on a principle under which
it is supposed the adoption of this amendment is
to affect the Army.
Mr. HALE. I should like to know how the
Comptroller could decide on the principle involved
in the amendment of the honorable Senator from
Illinois, which was only adopted by the Senate on
Saturday night and has not yet gone out of the
possession of the Senate. I do not know who
wrote the letter which the Senator from Massa-
chusetts read, and I do not care; but I think if the
truth was known it would turn out to be a man
who feelsagood deal more interest for somebody
else than he does for Sherman, or Thomas, or any
of the other generals named in the letter.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 suppose he has a right to
speak for himself.
Mr. HALE. Of course.
Mr, WILSON. I will say that the officer does
speak for himself, and in the very letter says that
the amendment changcs his own relative lank
more than five hundred. He is a colonel in the
service, and it puts five hundred colonels above
him.
Mr. HALE. It must be a wonderful amend-
ment that can produce such an effect! I do not
believe a word of it.
Mr. BROWN. And yet he outranks five hun-
dred men who are probably his superiors, because
of the regulation of the Department.
Mr. HALE. I do not believe anything of what
is alleged here in regard to the terrible effect of
this amendment. The amendment is a simple
one, and when it was proposed the Senator from
Massachusetts at the head of the Military Com-
mittee, who of course understands these matters
better than most of us, said it had not the least
effect in the world; that we had very lately passed
a law remedying the very evil to which this
amendment seemed to look, and lie was astonished
that there should be any suggestion that there was
any difficulty on the subject.
It is said that the amendment will affect the
longevity ration. It will not affect that in the
slightest respect. All it does is to put the regular
officers and the volunteer officers on the same level,
and so it does not affect the longevity ration at
ail, as I understand. It is a fair and equal thing.
If the officers of the regular Army have been in
the service longer than the volunteer officers they
will have the advantage of it; this amendment
does not take it away from them; and I should
like to hear some possible explanation of how it
is that itis to work such mischief. In my humble
judgment it is a wise measure, one that is called
for by the interest of the men who are fighting
your battles and winning your victories; and the
fact which I have elicited and which the Senator
from Massachusetts with his usual candor has
disclosed, is that the letter is written by some-
body for himself, and he brings in General Sher-
man, and General Thomas, and some of those
men who have done so much, to enlist a little
sympathy on their account that he may help him-
self thereby. I think the measure is a wise one
and a salutary one, and this fluttering among
these gentlemen shows its necessity and its wis-
dom.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to call the at-
tention of thechairman of the Committeeon Mili-
tary Affairs to'what has already been said by the
Senator from New Hampshire in reference to the
longevity ration. The amendment proposed by
my colleague, and adopted by the Senate on the
last day of our session, only abolishes the dis-
•tinction that is now kept up between the regular
and volunteer officers in the Army. It does not
affect that ration. The volunteer officer is not
entitled to it, because he has not served five years,
which length of service is required in order to
get it.
The regular officer who has served for years
gets an additional ration for each five years' ser-
vice, and that is what is called the longevity ration.
I cannot see how this amendment can affect it.
If that is the only objection to the amendment
which has been adopted by the Senate, it is the
best reason th'at can be given to show that there
is no other argument against it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think I can explain ex-
actly what the trouble is about this longevity or
service ration, and how it was that this decision
was made in advance. I seems that by a regula-
tion of the War Department, made, I presume, in
pursuance of law, there is allowed what is known
as a service ration to officers in the Army ; that is,
after having served a certain length of time they
get an additional ration,one for every five years'
service, I believe. The Treasury Department has
construed that law as applicable alone to officers
of the regular Army, and as not embracing volun-
teers. Now my colleague says volunteer officers
have not served five years, it is true they have
not in the volunteer service, but the practice in
making up this period of time in the War Depart-
ment is to add together all the service that has
been rendered by the particular person. Take
for instance an officer like General Burnside, who
once served in the regular Army, subsequently
went out of the service, and since this war began
entered the volunteer scrvice. I believe he is not
now in the regular Army, but if he is, there are
many others in his position who are not. The
War Department adds together the service ren-
dered by such officers formerly in the regular Army
and that since rendered m the volunteer forces, and
where it amounts to more than five years proposes
to allow the ration ; but the Comptroller decidcs
that that does not entitle a volunteer officer to this
longevity or service ration; but if the same man
was in the regular Army he would be entitled to it.
That decision may have been correct; I will not
say how that is, because I have not examined the
law; but the objest in offering this amendment
was not to take away the longevity ration from
the officers in the regular Army. I think many of
them are poorly paid, and I should not be disposed
to take away that ration from them. I am entirely
willing to add an amendment declaring that this
section shall not abolish the longevity ration of
Lhe regular Army, but that the volunteer officer
shall be entitled to precisely the same thing.
What I am after is to give to the volunteer
officer the same rank and the same pay that the
regular officer has under the same circumstances.
Is there any objection to that? It seems to me
there ought not to be. I have drawn up an amend-
ment, which I shall offer to the amendment pres-
ently, that I think will accomplish the object and
obviate the difficulty suggested by the Senator
from Massachusetts in this respect. I will put it
as a proviso in this form:
Piovidcd, That this section shall not bo conctrued to
abolish the service ration now allowed officers in the regu-
lar service ; but officer? m the volunteer service shall be en-
titled to the same rations in this respect as if they were in
the regular service.
The object of my amendment was not to take
away the pay of these officers; and I was not
aware, at the time I offered it, that it would have
that effect. Nor was it my object to deprive any-
body of his rank. The object was merely to bring
about a similarity between officers of the same
grade and rank and who have served the same
period of time. I think that the volunteer officer,
a lieutenant, for example, who has served in the
field three or four years during ^his war, ought to
rank just as high and is just as valuable to the
service as if he had been serving at West Point
the same four years. I think the school of the
field, marching with his company, camping with
them, fighting battles with them, going with them
through all the campaigns, is calculated to educate
the volunteer lieutenant just as well as he would
be educated during the same period of time at the
School at West Point; and I would give no prefer-
ence to a person because he was in the regular
service over one in the volunteer service. I think
it is prejudicial to the public servicc to keep up
.this distinction; and if I knew how, without in-
terfering with existing organizations, to frame a
bill that would bringaboutan entire equality, th^t
would abolish all distinctions between officers and
soldiers in what is known as the regular Array
and in the volunteer service, I would introduce it
and urge its passage. I think there should be no
distinction after this length of time.
Now, sir, a word as to the other suggestion
made by the Senator from Massachusetts, that
General Sherman and others in his position are
to be affected by this amendment. We have al-
ready passed a law authorizing the President to*
designate any officer of a particular grade to com-
mand an army, and it matters not what the date
of his commission is. General Sherman is in
command of an army, and every major general
in that army, though his commission may be of
an older date than General Sherman's, is subor-
dinate to him. This will not interfere with that.
There is no trouble about that. Junior major
generals are commanding their seniors by desig-
nation of the President already. It would make
no sort of difference how old was the date of any
•major general's commission who was placed in
the army commanded by Meade, or Sherman, or
Thomas; the person assigned to the command
of an army commands all the major generals in
that army, of whatever date their commissions
may be, so that there is no trouble in that respect;
and in regard to the service or longevity ration, as
it is called, 1 shall offer the proviso I have already
indicated to obviate any difficulty on that point.
Mr. WILSON. I have no quarrel with the
Senator's intentions; but certainly if his amend-
ment meant anything it meant to bring the regu-
lar officers downand notthe volunteer officers up.
The amendment speaks for itself.
That all laws and pari? of laws or regulations of the War
Department which give additional pay or rank to officers
of the regular Army over officers in the volunteer service
of the same rank, are hereby repealed.
This provision will certainly repeal the service
ration of the regular officers. The Treasury De-
partment has decided that the longevity or service
ration does not by law belong to volunteer offi-
cers. And now a provision is proposed to repeal
all laws and regulations that give additional pay
or rank to officers of the regular Army over offi-
cers of the volunteer service, and that necessarily
repeals the service ration. The service ration is
founded in reason and in justice, and it oughtnot,
in my judgment, to be interfered with. If this
amendment shall be modified so as not to inter-
fore with it the object of moving the reconsider-
ation will have been accomplished. All Chat I
want is to do justice in this matter, to do it to
the regular Army, to do it to the volunteers.
I have now a single word to say to the Senator
from Missouri in reference to the letter I read.
That letter was from an Army officer who has
served the country more than twenty years, an
officer who has been engaged on the Pacific coast
and in the interior of the country, an officer who
has been actively engaged for about a quarter of
a century in the military service. He has the
rank of a colonel, and by virtue of the present law
would outrank in the field a colonel commis-
sioned by the Governor of a State. But by this
proposed change he is to be outranked by more
than five hundred colonels, he having served a
quarter of a centuryand they having served per-
haps on the average two years. It appears to me
that training and service in the field ought to count
something. Senators admit this, and they are
very anxious to have training and service counted
for the volunteers, but they are not quite so anx-
ious that training and servicc shall count for offi-
cers of the regular Army. I would have service
count as much as possible for both. I beg'Sen-
ators to do no injustice to officers who have served
the country for many years with fidelity. It is
not necessary to pull down officers of the Army
to elevate officers of the volunteers.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to amend the
amendment by adding this proviso:
Provided, That tins section shall not he construed to
abolish the scrvice ration now allowed officers in the reg-
ular Army, but officers in the volunteer service shall be -
entitled to the same rations in this respect as if they were -
in the regular set vice.
Mr. SHERMAN. I voted for the amendment
of the Senator from Illinois on Saturday. I be-
lieved the principle of it was right enough, and
I voted for it upon the declaration of the chair-
man of the Military Committee that it made no
difference; that the rank of volunteer officers now
