1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
151
arises, whether there is any power in the confed-
erated Government of this country by any act of
legislation and confirmation of the Legislatures of
three quarters of the States to interfere with the
domain of any State whatever, or its right to con-
trol the institution of slavery or any other domes-
tic institution, which was not delegated to the
General Government but reserved to the States
exclusively.
I say, sir, that all the parties of the country, not
only the Democratic party, but the old Whig
party, and the Republican party, untilJately, al-
ways claimed and held that this institution of sla-
very was peculiarly under the province of the in-
dividual States, and that when the States entered
into this confederated Government the powers
that they did not delegate to that Government
were expressly reserved to the States; that no
power not delegated to the General Government
could by the force of any amendment to the Con-
stitution be taken away from the States, because
they had only confederated themselves together
for the purpose laid down in the organic act, and
because it would be an act of the creature not
given by Us creator.
If I understand the object of this Government,
it was to form a more perfect union, establish
justice, insure domestic tranquillity, provide for
the common defense, promote the general wel-
fare, and secure the blessings of liberty to our-
selves and our posterity, and I hold now, as the
law of the land and as the well-settled principle
laid down by the authors of the organic act and
by all the great men who have written 011 the sub-
ject, that the institution of slavery belongs pecu-
liarly and solely to the States, and that no thirty-
three States, or any other number, by combining
together have the lawful right to deprive a single
State of an institution which was not delegated
to the General Government, and which was re-
served by the people when they entered into the
confederation of States and formed the American
Union. If it be true that the States where slavery
existed never delegated the right to intei fere with
that institution, what light has the Congress of
the United States or the people of other States,
through their Legislatures, to interfere with sla-
very m another State, which institution is pecu-
liarly and solely the creature of the State—a right
which was never delegated to the General Gov-
ernment, and to interfere with which has always
been held by all parties we had no light? Solely
and alone it has been always held that the insti-
tution belonged exclusively to the jurisdiction of
the States.
If Congress will take the pains to look over
the platforms of the different political parties of
the country they will find that for years and
years they have iterated and reiterated the truth
that the rightof each State to control this domestic
institution according to its own judgment exclu-
sively was essential to the balance of power upon
which our fabric of government depends. If you
look at the platform adopted by the Republican
convention at Chicago, which nominated Abra-
ham Lincoln in 1860, you will find that it lays
down that the right to control this domestic insti-
tution rests exclusively with the States, and that
that right is essential to the perfectionand endur-
ance of our political institutions.
Now, if it was a principle of this Government,
well recognized, that it was a right reserved to the
' States to legislate upon this subject according to
their own internal will, it is a right which still
exists. Because this country has been involved
in a war; because a civil revolution has rocked
the country from one end to the other; because it
is now a question who is responsible for the war,
that does not change a lawful principle if that prin-
ciple existed before hostilities commenced; and
•we are bound now by the same rule, controlled
by the same law and indubitable principle which
never dies or passes away, and it is reserved to
the people of the respective States to-day and
hereafter to control and do as they see fit with
that which was never delegated to the General
Government, but expressly reserved to the re-
spective States.
This institution of slavery is one which has
existed time out of mind, which existed before
our forefathers landed upon American soil, which
is an institution imported from Great Britain
and other countries, one in the progress of which
large sums of money had been made, which
had become a part and a feature of the govern-
ment of the different States, and of the colonies
of this country before the Declaration of Amer-
ican Independence and the adoption of the Con-
stitution of the United States. No one will deny
thatbeforethe formation of the Constitution, and
at the time of the Declaration of Independence,
the institution of slavery was exclusively under
the jurisdiction and control of the organic law of
the State in which it existed. If that is so, is
there anything to be found in the organic law
which shows that when those nine States first
ratified the Constitution they delegated to the
General Government any right whatever with re-
gard to this institution? On the contrary, did
they not, by the very language of the Constitu-
tion, reserve all powers not delegated to the Gen-
eral Government? And if they did reserve it to
the people of the respective States, if it was an
institution of the States, I ask any man how it
is possible, by any amendment of the Constitu-
tion, for the General Government to become pos-
sessed of the right to legislate upon and control
an institution the power over which was never
delegated by the States when they entered into
and framed the Constitution pf the country?
You will find by looking at the organic law that
those amendments which are provided for by it
mean amendments which shall be germane to the
organic law itself. The framers of it, the men who
assembled in the old Halls of the Confederation
in 1787, after having been purified by the glories
and the triumphs of the Revolution, intended that
amendments only should be made which were ger-
mane to the organic act, and which were within the
purview of the powers which were delegated to the
General Government. There is nothing in the
Constitution which recognizes for one moment
that the whole structure and framework of the
Government may be amended or altered in refer-
ence to matters reserved to the States, matters
never delegated to the General Government.
If the position in reference to the amendment
of the Constitution taken by gentlemen on the
other side of the House be true, then the other
relations of the States, the marital rights, the
rights of iiusband and wife, of parent and child,
of master and servants; the right of licensing
hotels, the right of making private contracts, the
rights of courts, tile manner in which they shall
obtain evidence, the allowance of parties to be
witnesses, the jurisdiction and powers of State
courts, the rights of suffrage for State officers,
constitutions of States and all the rights which
now belong to the States, upon the same princi-
ple may be interfered with, abolished, and an-
nulled. Those rights, like those connected with
the institution of slavery, belong solely and ex-
clusively to the jurisdiction of the States, and
were never delegated to the General Government.
Does any man here believe that Congress, by
a constitutional amendment, can so far alter the
organic law of the land as to interfere with mar-
ital relations in the States; interfere with the
manner in which evidence shall be given; take
away the constitutional provision that a man shall
enjoy property by descent in certain ways de-
fined by the organic law of a State and blot all
States laws out of existence? 1 ask, do gentle-
men here believe that by constitutional amend-
ment the Geneial Government would have a
right to do away with all those express and re-
served rights of the States, and which were never
delegated to that General Government,and never
constituted a part of the jurisdiction of the Con-
gress of the United States or of the people, except
that the people of each State could act and legis-
late upon those individual concerns according to
their own judgment exclusively, and the dictates
of their own consciences?
You must remember that it is proposed by
this amendment that the States in which sla-
very exists shall have no vote, because they are
not in a position to exercise the right to vote upon
thisquestion. But it is proposed that three fourths
of the States—States wherein slavery does not
exist; States which have no interest m that spe-
cies of property—shall get together, and by the
action of three fourths of them deprive of then-
property the citizens of the loyal border States;
the men who have braved this current of war, and
shown the proudest and purest patriotism of any
class of men on the face of the earth; the men who
have invested their money in slave property; the
men whose fathers fought side by side with the
men of New York and New Jersey on the battle-
fields of the country to drive bacK the invaders
of England. Shall it besaid thatunder a repub-
lican Government, in a country supposed to be
one of liberty, that we can trample on the rights
of those men by taking their property without any
compensation whatever,and, robbing thom of that
which by the Constitution of the country isguar-
antied to them, and which by the blood of their
fathers who fought against the wickedness and
tyranny of England was handed down to them
to be perpetuated to them and their children and.
children's children unimpaired forever?
Does any man here believe that the members of
the Convention that Washington and those men
who assembled in Philadelphia to frame this sa-
cred instrument, the representatives of the north-
ern and southern States, who went there to carry
out the will of their masters, the people, intended
that when they reserved rights to the States and
did not delegate them to the General Government,
that three fourths of the States, without the con-
sent of the other one fourth, could, by com-
bining together under the form of an amend-
ment, deprive the other States of these privileges
which they wrested from King George, for which
they fought, and which were guarantied to them
by the organic laws of their own States, and pro-
tected and defended in particular respects, to which
I shall refer hereafter, by the organic law of the
Union? 1 want to read one paragraph from the
platform upon which the party which is repre-
sented upon the other side of the House established
themselves at Chicago upon this question. They
then held the doctrine which we now and ever
have held. It was left for this revolutionary Re-
publican party to proclaim a doctrine so destruc-
tive to the great interests of the citizens of this
country, and the fundamental law of the land.
The third paragraph of the Republican platform
reads that—
" 'rile right of each State to legislate and control its own
domestic institutions according to its own judgment exclu-
sively is essential to that balance of power 011 which the
perfection and endurance of our political fabric depend."
Now, is that true? Is the rightof each State to
legislate and control its own domestic institutions
according to its own judgment exclusively essen-
tial to that balance of power upon which the per-
fection and endurance of our Republic depend?
Was it true in 1860 that the right of each State
to legislate and control its institutions in that way
was necessary to the endurance of this political
fabric? Why did the Republican party estab-
lish that platform ? Why was Mr. Lincoln nom-
inated upon that platform and go to the American
people in 1860 and ask them to support him?
Why, it was because he knew, as the old Whig
and Democraticparties and all parties had known,
that no amendment to the Constitution by the in-
terference of Congress, or of two thirds, or nine
tenths, or nineteen twentieths of the States could
take away institutions existing in the States, the
control over which had never been delegated to
the General Government, and to interfere with
which the Federal Government can find no war-
rant in the organic law. I do submit that in time
of peace, in times when passion did not hold sway,
but reason exercised its functions, it would be
difficult to find a man in this country who would
hold to the doctrine that, under the terms of the
organic law in the contemplation of those who
made it, any number of States have a right to take
away the legislative, judicial, or domestic func-
tions of any other States unless those functions
were delegated to the General Government.
But, sir, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Ash-
lev] says that he does not believe any constitu-
tion can legalize the enslavement ef man. I will
quote his language:
"I do not believe any Governtnent,democratic or despotic,
can rightfully make a single slave, and that wllicll a Gov-
ernment cannot lightfully do it cannot rightfully or legally
authorize or even permit its subjects to do. I do not be-
lieve that there can be legally such a thing as property in
man."
Let us examine the organic law and the state
of society in this country before the Revolu-
tion and formation of the Constitution, and I
think I can plainly show that slaves were prop-
erty. It is not our duty to settle the justice or
injustice, the policy or impolicy, of slavery. It
will not be disputed that before the adoption of
the organic law every State had a right to confer
