918
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
was the same as the rank of regular officers of
the same grade; that a preference was only made
by assignment of the President. But the amend-
ment now offered by the Senator from Illinois is
very radical in its character, and \ would much
prefer to vote against the whole measure than to
have that ingrafted as a part of it. The service
ration is totally indefensible in the present condi-
tion of affairs, and I am surprised to hear Sen-
ators justify it. When it was passed it was
intended to supply an additional compensation
to officers of the regular Army who had been a
long time in the Army without promotion. It
■was said that officers whose families were grow-
ing, and whose expenses, therefore, were increas-
ing, had been retained in the same rank for ten
or twenty years; for instance, in the rank of cap-
tain, and that the pay of that rank was not com-
mensurate with the increased wants of their fam-
ilies. It was for that reason that an additional
ration was given for each five years' service.
The intention of that law, in rny judgment, was
that where an officer was serving in the same
rank for five years he should have an increase of
pay by an additional ration. That, 1 say, was
the intention of the law; but a forced construction
has been given to it which it is not now possible
to change except by legislation. It has been
iield that where an officer of the Army was in the
service, say for twenty years, and then resigned
and went into private life for ten year?, and re-
cently has come back into the volunteer service,
his old service in the regular Army shall be added
to his recent service in the volunteer army, so as
to give him four additional rations. In that way,
although he may in the volunteer army draw pay
as a major general, he draws service rations for
his old service in the regular Army, which he may
have left with the rank of captain, although his
pay has been vastly increased by his additional
rank in the volunteer forces.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator explain how
that can happen ? The service ration does not
apply to general officers. Officers of the regular
Army who have been promoted and made general
officers get no service ration.
Mr. SHERMAN. What grades get the ser-
vice ration ?
Mr. WILSON. Colonels and all under that
rank.
Air. SHERMAN. Then here is the difficulty:
neatly every high officer in the regular Army
now holds a very high rank in the volunteers, re-
taining at the same time his old rank in the regu-
lar service. Nearly all your general officers of
volunteers hold a rank m the regular Army.
Sheridan and some others are now brigadier and
major generals in the regular Army, it is true;
but many of your best general officers of volun-
teers -Still rank as colonels, lieutenant colonels,
and majors in the regular Army.
Mr. WILSON. They are paid as general offi-
cers of volunteers, and not paid as regular offi-
cers. A general does not get the service ration.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think you will find that,
retaining their rank in the regular Army, they
get it. At any rate, the only reason for granting
the additional ration was that the officers weie
compelled in the old Army to serve for a very
long time in the same rank without any increased
pay. 1 certainly do not desire to see this ex-
tended to the volunteers. Indeed, it cannot be
until they have served five years. The only rea-
son of the additional ration, as I have said, was
to supply the deficiency in the old law by which
promotion was so slow.
On the whole, I think it was unwise in the Sen-
ate to add this provision to the appropriation bill.
We legislated hurriedly on the subject, without
ful 1 reflection or consideration; and 1 am therefore
disposed to vote against the amendment, leaving
the subject to be legislated upon in some proper
military bill, at the proper time.
Mr. HALE. I am glad that this subject has
come up, and I will suggest to the Senate a rem-
edy, which I have suggested neaily every session
for the sixteen years I have been in the Senate,
and that is, to abolish the very vicious way that
we have of paying our Army officers. 1 have
endeavored on several occasions, and have some-
times got reports on it, to insert a provision to
pay each man so much money just as you pay
the President, the Cabinet, the Members of Con-
gress, the Chief Justice, and ail the judicial offi-
cers. I would pay the officers of the Army in
the same way; but wedo not do that. We have a
system of paying by which we introduce a sort of
circumlocution, so that the people cannot know,
and we ourselves do not know what salaries they
get. I think there is hardly a day here that some
bill is not introduced by which a particular offi-
cer is to have the pay, rank, and emoluments of
a colonel of cavalry,or a brigadier general in the
regular Army, or something of that sort; and to
such an extent was that carried that at the last
session we created a judicial officer in the War
Department, and a serious attempt was actually
made to give him his pay in that way, by giving
him the pay, rank, and emoluments of a briga-
dier general, but the good sense of the Senate
prevailed 
Mr. JOHNSON. It did not prevail.
Several Senators. He got the pay and rank
of a brigadier.
Mr. HALE. I am speaking of the Senate when
they acted on their own convictions, [laughter,]
and not of what they were smuggled into doing
on the report of a committee of conference. I
say that when the Senate acted upon their con-
victions they voted down that proposition. It is
one of the absurdities, it is one of the ridiculous
inheritances we got from Great Britain, and we
have kept it. We have got rid of a great many
others, but this seems to cling to us. We vote
to a man the pay, rank, and emoluments of some
officer, and we do not know what the amount is,
and when the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs has been called upon here to
state what the salary was he could not tell us,
and nobody can tell us. Sometimes it is one
thing and sometimes it is another. I think that
until we remedy that we shall never vote under-
standing1^ on these propositions.
What is this service ration ? I will tell you ex-
actly what it is. It is a provision of law by which
the older a man gets, and the less able to render
service to the country, the more money he re-
ceives. In other words, it is a premium on se-
nility and imbecility; and the more senile a man
gets, and the more incompetent to render any ser-
vice, the more we pay him. That is the philoso-
phy and the reason and the beginning and the
ending of this longevity ration. But I suppose
a great many men think we cannot get along
without it, that we should die if we were to throw
off this old remnant of the English aristocracy
that has come down to us, by which we have
been enabled to deceiveourselves and deceive our
constituents.
I am opposed to the amendment of the Sena-
tor from Illinois in regard to the service ration
because it is not wanted, it is not necessary. I
want to pass the simple proposition that officers
of the regular Army and of volunteers shall be
paid exactly alike; a major general of the regular
Army the same as a major general of volunteers,
and so on.
The original amendment of the Senator from
Illinois was passed on Saturday night after dark,
I believe, and here we are on Monday morning,
and already it has been submitted to the Comp-
troller, and he hasdecided, not this measure, for it
has not been before him yet, but he has decided
a principle that exactly hits the case. I should
like to see that decision. I should like to know
how long it has been the fashion for these execu-
tive officers to decideon principles that are to ap-
ply to amendments that have not yet become laws.
I do not believe a word of it. This is a plain,
wholesome provision, and people can under-
stand it; and that is the objection to it. That is
what has brought these letters from colonels of
the Army and from the War Department, and
decisions on principles from the officers of the
Treasury. Thedifficulty is that here is a law that
if passed everybody can understand what it
means, and that is obnoxious to the censure of the
War Department and of the accounting officers.
Here is a plain, simple proposition, putting the
officers of volunteers and of the regular Arm y on
precisely the same footing, and they tell you'it is
going to introduce some confusion; it is going to
put one man up above five hundred others that
are his seniors, and put another down, and create
infinite confusion. Not so, Mr. President, it
will introduce older—no, not order, for we never
can get order until we get nd of this old legisla-
tion, but it is an approximation to it, and i hope
the Senate will adhere to it, and that we shall not
be choused out of it, if that is a. proper expression,
by the report of any committee of conference.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. Pretmltmi, I was one of
those who voted for this amendmenton Saturday
evening; and I did not vole for it in any haste or
in ignorance of its operation, but because I con-
scientiously believed it would be an improvement
upon our present Army discipline. There are
two questions involved, or two questions upon
which a reconsideration is predicated: one the
service ration, the other the rank. If I remember
correctly, the chairman of the Military Committee
stated on Saturday evening that there was no dis-
tinction at the present time between the rank of
volunteer officers and officers of the regular Army.
It was, therefore, very properly contended that
there could be no objection urged to this amend-
ment on that ground. But it turns out, as waa
then believed, and as I believed myself, that there
is a distinction, a distinction that is found in the
Articles of War, which declare that wherever the
two forces are serving together officers of the reg-
ular Army shall take precedence in rank, no mat-
ter what the dates of their commissions. On that
subject I desire to say tiiat I do not believe there
is any merit in prescribing, by a sweeping regu-
lation of that kind, a rank of this sort in the reg-
ular Army. Take the case which has been illus-
trated by the Senator from Massachusetts, a case
in which the officer has seen twenty years' service,
as he alleges, and is still a colonel, and the passage
of this amendment will, it is said, put five hundred
others above him. Does it not demonstrate that,
by virtue of this Article of War, that man now
outranks five hundred men who are probably his
superiors m many respects? I say superiors for
this reason: if lie had been qualified, if he had been
competent, would his name not have been in-
cluded in the multitudinous lists which have been
sent up here of brigadier generals and brevets?
Has not the Department of War lmd evny op-
portunity to advance that officer which could pos-
sibly be desired, by the conferring of brigadier
generalships and by the conferring of brevet rank ?
Why, then, has he not been set forward? Why
has he not been promoted if he stands in that at-
titude where this long; service would entitle him
to command all the volunteer officers of the dif-
ferent States ? I say that the illustration which
the Senator makes, on its face shows the inequal-
ity and the injustice of this mode of regulating the
service.
I do not think it is desirable that these distinc-
tions between the two armies should be kept up.
I have never heard anybody defend them on the
ground of reason; I have never heard anybody
contend for them except upon the ground of reg-
ulation; and it is v«'ry clear that the circum-
stances which applied to a former stale when the
regular Army was almost our sole dependence,
when volunteer troops were only called out for a
temporary service of a few days, and which there
gave rank, do not apply to the condition of a long
war where men have been in the volunteer ser-
vice long enough to fully and amply qualify them-
selves for tiie commands which they hold.
Now, sir, in repaid to the other point, the ser-
vice ration, 1 desire to call attention to the fact that
it applies only to officers who cue of the tank of
colonel and under. It is not liable to the objection
which lias been presented by the Senator from
Ohio. The regulation reads, " that every com-
missioned officer of the line or staff, exclusive of
general officers, shall be entitled to receive one
additional ration per day for every five years he
may have served or shall serve in the Army of
the United Slates."
I see no reason why, if that is to be applied to offi-
cers of the regular Army, u should not be applied
equally to officers of the volunteer service. If theie
are officers of the volunteer sei vice coming within
the terms of this regulation, why should they not
be entitled to it equally as officets of the regular
Army ? I f they have served out their five years,
why should they not have the ration just as well
as any other officer who has served out ins five
years? In other words, what is the reason for
predicating any sur.h distinction against officers
of the volunteer forces of the United States 5
1 think, therefore, that this amendment of the
Senator from Illinois is a very good one. It re-
lieves the original amendment of the only objec-
tion to it, except the objection as to rank; and
