920
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
Mr. GRIMES. What laws are they ?
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not know. If there
be any such laws, ns I suppose there are, or the
honorable member from Illinois would not have
proposed to repeal them, it is very clear the result
of this amendment will be that which is stated by
the chairman of the Military Committee; and I
take it for granted that, high as wc may esteem
volunteer officers, and great as have been their
services to the country, we would not be willing
that they should rank such an officer ns Sherman.
His progress recently has shed renown upon the
country, and has now culminated in the capture
of Charleston, information of which has just
reached the President of the United States. It
would place over him in command Major General
Butler, and I do not mean to disparage him by
stating it, and some twenty or thirty others whose
commissions as major generals date at a period
long antecedent to the date of Sherman's commis-
sion as a major general.
Then, in relation to the effect upon another
grade of officers: the regulations of the War De-
partment do not apply to general officers, as I
undeistand; they apply to the subordinates—the
majors, the captains, and lieutenants. Now, I
suppose it will be generally accepted as true that
the officers, in general, who have most distin-
guished themselves are those who have had a
military education at West Point or at some other
institution of that character. It is true in relation
to our Army, it is true in relation to the army
with which we have been fighting, that not one of
them, or hardly any one of them, who has achieved
a reputation of which a military man would be
proud and for which his nation would be grate-
ful, has not been educated at West Point; and,
although I have as high an opinion of the volun-
teer officers as any member of this Senate, yet,
all other things being equal, I am inclined to be-
lieve that a military education is calculated to
make a man the better officer. But however that
may be, I submit that as we stand now it would
be exceedingly ill-advised legislation, legislation
that the country would not approve, legislation
•which we ourselves, if the effect should be such
as the honorable member from Massachusetts
says it will be, would not upprove. I submit,
therefore, that however right it may be to give
the service ration and to pay these volunteer offi-
cers just as.much as the regular officers receive,
it is just and proper and politic and due to their
distinguished services in the field that the regular
military officers should rank without reference to
the date of commission.
Mr. ANTHONY. If this amendment is voted
down, as I hope it will be, and the Senator from
Illinois will then propose, as a distinct amend-
ment, the amendment to the amendment which
has just been adopted, giving the service ration
to the volunteer ofiiceis, the Senate will undoubt-
edly accept it. As to the dispute about the effect
which this amendment will produce on the rela-
tive rank of regular and volunteer officers, it is
evident the question is not understood by the Sen-
ate. As the Senator from'New Hampshire says,
the doctors disagree. The "War Department has
no doubt on the subject. They believe that it will
degrade General Sherman below forty-eight men
•who are now below him; and 1 am sure the Sen-
ate does not want to do that. It will have the
same effect on General Thomas and a great many
other officers. An amendmentof this consequence
should not be adopted without being referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and carefully
considered by them. They can report to us pre-
cisely what the effect of it will be; and then ifthe
effect will be as the Senator from Iowa says, we
shall all vote for it; if the effect will be as the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
says, we shall all vote against it.
Mr. TRCJMBULL. Mr. President, it is very
difficult, as the Senator from Maryland, who is a
very astute lawyer, knows, to prove a negative;
that a thing is not in the law; but if there is any
law by which General Sherman is not outranked
to-day by General Butier I would like the Sen-
ator from Maryland or the Senator from Massa-
chusetts to show it. I would like to know where
that law oriegulati'on of the Department is, by
which an officer in the regular service having a
junior commission outranks one in the volunteer
service having an older commission."4. Shah I be
required to bring in the statutes here, and read
them from beginning to end, and read the regula-
tions of the War Department from beginning to
end, to show that there is no such law, that there
is no such regulation ?
It appears by the ninth regulation of the War
Department, which applies only to officers of the
rank of colonel, and not to a general, and does
i not touch General Sherman, that where officers
holding commissions of the same date, one from
a State and one from the United States, the regu-
lar officer outranks the officer appointed by the
State. I want to repeal that. I do not want the
officer appointed by the President of the United
States U) co'mmand a colored regiment, if you
please, to outrank the colonel appointed by the
Governor of the State of New York, or the Gov-
ernor of my State, simply because he gets his
commission from the President of the United
States, and the colonel in the other instance gets
his commission from the Governor of New York
or the Governor of Illinois. I know of no reason
for this distinction in favor of the regular Army
officer. If there is any law by which General
Sherman is to be cut down forty-eight degrees,
let us see it.
Sir, the name of General Sherman is brought
in and used here, in consequence of the great dis-
tinction he has recently attained, for the purpose
of keeping up this invidious distinction in the
Army. Suppose we take the case of General
Grant. He wasagerieral in the volunteer service.
He won his honors and his distinction in the vol-
unteer service. He who led your armies to vic-
tory, (the first successful general who did lead your
armies to victory,) and who is to-day at the head
of all your armies, won the stars that adorn his
shoulders in the volunteer service.
Mr. CARL1LE. He was educated at West
Point, though.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I know he was educated
at West Point; but this amendment does not re-
late to education at West Point. It merely puts
the man in the volunteer service on an equality with
the man in the regular service. It puts,or would
have put, Lieutenant General Grant, when he
was a general of volunteers, upon an equality
with a general of the regular service having a
commission of the same date. That is all it pro-
poses to do, and he ought to occupy that position.
I think the colonels in the volunteer service should
rank according to the date of commission, and the
fact that a man has a commission in the regular
service, or from the President, should not put him
above the colonel in the volunteer service who
has a commission from a State.
Mr. MORRILL. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him one question ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL. I understood the Senator
from Illinois to argue that there is no law au-
thorizing a distinction in rank between the volun-
teer and regular officers. 1 will ask him whether
there is not a regulation which confers such rank.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Only up to colonel prac-
tically.
Mr. MORRILL. Not beyond that?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The regulation is:
" Officers serving by commission from any State of the
Union take rank next aftcrotlicers of the like grade by com-
mission from the United States."
There are no officers serving by commission
from any State of the Union, above the rank of
colonel, as 1 understand.
Mr. MORRILL. Then, will the Senator allow
me to ask him precisely what his amendment is
aimed at*
Mr. TRUMBULL. The amendment is aimed
at that very thing. That is one of them.
Mr. MORRILL. Is that all?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, if there are any
other distinctions made in the War Department
in this complicated machinery of which the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire has spoken, I want
to abolish them. I do not know but there are.
It will do no harm to pass the amendment if there
is no such distinction; but if there is any distinc-
tion made there by which superiority is given to
a man in the regular service over one in the vol-
unteer service of the same rank and date of com-
mission I want it abolished, and I think it is
time it was abolished.
I trust, therefore, that we are not to be driven
from our propriety, and a just and proper amend-
ment is not to be voted down in consequence of
the eulogium of the Senator fi om Maryland upon
the distinguished services of Major General Sher-
man. There is a law known to the Senator from
Maryland and the Senator from Massachusetts
which authorizes the President of the United
States to designate any major general to command
an army,and places in subordination to him every
other major general, whether of the regular or
volunteer service, serving in that army, no mat-
ter what is the date of his commission. It is m
virtue of that law that General Sherman leads the
armies to-day that are accomplishing so much,
and not in virtue of seniority of commission. It
is because he has been designated, in consequence
of his gallant deeds as commander of that army,
and not because he holds an nhJpr commission
than any other major general in it; so that, after
all, General Sherman is not to be put down forty-
eight degrees, nor are forty-eight major generals
to be placed over him in consequence of this
amendment. His name is used to frighten us
from doing a just and proper act, from doing jus-
tice to the volunteer soldiery of the country who
have won our battles.
Why, sir, what has become of your regular
Army ? I would like the Senator from Massachu-
setts to tell me. Has it got five thousand men in
it,? I doubt it.
Mr. WADE. Not one thousand.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not one thousand, the
Senator from Ohio says. Then it is an army of
officers, and that is all there is of it—merely to
outrank the officers of the men who perform the
service, and who are to put down this wicked re-
bellion; and officers having no men to command,
who are to come in and command the volunteers,
and command other officers of the same rank.
Sir, can it be wrong to provide that these men
who have no soldieis, and no regular Army left,
when they come in among the volunteers, and are
to command them,should take rank with the vol-
unteer officers holding" commissions of the same
date ?
Mr. RICHARDSON. A great deal has been
said about placing officers of the volunteers over
officers of the regular Army. That is not the
effect of the amendment. The ninth article of the
regulations is as follows;
Officer serving by commission from any Ftate of the
Union take rank nest after officers of like grade by com-
mission troin the United States."
Under this regulation a colonel appointed by
the United States yesterday takes rank before a
colonel of volunteers appointed by a State, who
has been serving in the field for tin ee years. The
officeis of the so-called regular Army now serv-
ing below the giade of colonel, with a few excep-
tions, are ail appointed from civil life. We think
it is wrong for an officer appointed by the Presi-
dent of the United States to command, if you
please, a colored regiment, last week, to outrank
an officer who has raised a regiment, earned it
into the field, and performed seivice for three
years. The law winch makes him thus outrank
that officer ought to be amended or repealed. If
the proposition has any other cffect about giving
rank, all that is met by the law which we have
passed authoiizing the President of the United
States to designate the officers with the grade of
general who arc to command. Under that law, the
President of the United States can take a briga-
dier general and place him in command ot his
seniors in rank. I apprehend the only effect of
this pioposition is to do justice to the men serv-
ing wnh commissions from the States. Let them
take their proper position upon courts-martial,
and in command when they come in contact with
those who have been appointed more lecentlyby
the President of the United Slates.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I shall vote for this
amendment with great good will. It is a step in
the right direction, a step in the diiection of
abolishing all distinctions between the volunteer
and regular foices. Justice demands it, good
policy demands it. In my opinion, Congress cart
do no act better calculated to benefit the public
service than the passage of this amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
resulted—yeas 18, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, CariiJe, Chandler, (Jollamer,
Davis, Farwellj Foot, Grimes, Hendricks, Howe, Laiw of
