1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
155
do all in my power to protect our Government,
even at the expense of slavery or of southern aris-
tocracy. Sir, slavery should find no protection
and no apology among gentlemen who represent
the free States of the North.
Slavery has wrought too much of evil; it has
shed too much of innocent blood; it has sent too
many of our citizens, our brothers, ourrelativcs,
and friends to inhospitable graves; it has held its
carnival of blood and death on too many battle-
fields for gentlemen from ihe free North to stand
here as its advocates and defenders. And yet
what I would do would be done in no spirit of
malignity, in no spirit of vindictiveness, in no
spirit of unkindness. I would say that slavery
should die because it is irreconcilable and incom-
patible with freedom; because it has undertaken
to destroy our Government, to subvert our insti-
tutions, and to cause desolation and suffering and
death throughout the length and breadth of the
land.-
1 am no advocate for the exercise of tyrannic
and despotic power. 1 have no feeling of bitter-
ness toward the misguided and deluded people
of the South. I love the Union too well for that.
It is for the Union and the Union alone that I
plead to-day. For that Union I am ready to give
up every resentment, to forget every sacrifice that
the North has made, and to ask the people of the
South to come back into the Union with those
principles of freedom which shall makeand which
alone can make the Union perpetual. I have known
from the reading of history that the exercise of
despotic power is always wrong and always dis-
astrous. I would not, then, exercise that power.
We have seen it exercised abroad for the pur-
pose of restricting libeity of opinion. "YVe have
fieen it exercised in Holland where, for more than
seventy-five years, the despotism of Church and
State attempted to control tne minds of men. And
yet, through those years of disaster and suffer-
ing, the people of Holland adhered to their re-
ligious faith and finally maintained the independ-
ence of their religious sentiments. We saw it
in Spain where the despotism of Charles V and
Philip II and II! drove from the borders of An-
dalusia five hundred thousand Moors to the coast
of Barbary. We have seen it in England, where,
from generation togeneration, religious and State
despotism attempted to interfere with the rights,
civil and religious, of British subjects. And yet,
sir, we have never found that the exercise of des-
potic and arbitrary power produced any good re-
sult to the people.
No, sir, we must not proceed in the exercise of
arbitrary and despotic power. It is with love,
kindness, conciliation, exerted in every channel
where love, kindness, and conciliation may be
exhibited, that'we should proceed. In every way
where we can consistently with our duty, con-
sistently with the existence and protection of the
Government, show kindness to the South, we are
bound to do it fqr the sake of the Union. I, for
one, am willing Ho wipe out the record of the
past, bloody and painful as it is, and to show that
we can take back our erring and repentant en-
emies into the Union, with all the rights which
we, as northern men, possess under the Consti-
tution of the country, and with no other. That,
sir, in the full enjoyment of American constitu-
tional freedom, gives them everything which our
fathers claimed, and which we claim now under
the Constitution.
Now, sir, what is this proposition ? Is it despotic
and arbitrary in its character? Not at all. We
propose simply to submit to the people of the
States the proposition to amend the Constitution.
It requires the assent of three fourths of all the
States represented in this Congress. Did they
not agree to that when they framed the Constitu-
tion ? Is not that the principle on which all State
governments are founded ? When I look at the
constitution of the State of New York I find it a
government of majorities. If I look to the town
and county governments, I find them govern-
ments of majorities; and, sir, if we have a national
Government under our Constitution which, as I
claim, is asupreme Government, that Government
is a Government of majorities or pluralities, as
fixed by our organic law.
Now, sir, for the purpose of perpetuating our
institutions, those who framed the Constitution
entered into a solemn compact and covenant that,
with certain two exceptions, the people should
have the right to change that organic law in
every other respect whatever; and therefore when
it appears to the people that there exists in this
land an institution inconsistent with that Consti-
tution, inconsistent with the principles of our
Government, we, as their Representatives, say
that we propose to them, in accordancc with that
Constitution, to determine for themselves whether
or not they will amend it, and thereby remove
the evil, there is nothing despotic, nothing wrong,
nothing which should call forth the animadver-
sions and maledictions of the honoroble gentle-
man from New Jersey, [Mr. Rogers.] In that
we propose nothing which is not constitutional,
nothing which is not just.
And 1 submit to my friends on the other side of
the House that the day is come when they should
act fearlessly and honestly upon this subject. Is
there a gentleman there who does notbelieve that
the American people in their majesty and in their
power have decreed the absolute and perpetual
annihilation of slavery? Has not the popular
verdict, which went forth in November last, pro-
claimed that that is the unalterable decision of
the American people? Is there one who will deny
that the next Congress, which according to law
will convene here one year from December, 1864,
will possess the requisite power to pass the
amendment now proposed and submit it to the
people? Is there any one who does not know
that it will be in the power of the President of
the United States, whenever this proposition may
be rejected by a vote of this House, to call within
sixty days an extra session of that Congress?
And although at large expense and at great an-
noyance to our people, the President can present
this one question to their consideration and de-
cision, and then by their act they can announce
that this proposition shall be submitted to the vote
of the American people.
Gentlemen may talk of slavery, and attempt to
keep it in life and being. It is too late for that.
This world moves. The American people have
found that the institution of slavery is a great
public evil and crime, and when this rebellion
bioke out and evinced its wicked design to over-
throw the Governmentin orderthat slavery might
be perpetuated they went to work with the de-
termination that it should be extinguished. They
entered upon the path of duty before them with
the old motto of IIampden engraved upon their
shield, u nulla vestigia retrosum"—there is no
step to be taken backward. We must go on,for
the very safety of our nation and of our people,
until slavery is obliterated from our land. Then,
and then only, shall we possess peace. Then, and
then only, when that is a conceded fact, will the
powers now in rebellion against the Government
lay down their arms and submit to the just au-
thority of the Federal Government.
Sir, this world is after all a progressive world.
Its advances are slow butsure. Long before the
days of Adam changes were going on, the records
of which are to be found in the vestiges of races
long since passed away. Age after age, eia after
era,have swept onward,each with its own order
of organic life, flourishing, decaying, peiishing,
pursuant to the inexorable law of development and
progression, and the iocks alone by their fossil
remains attest the strange creations of the past.
We see evidences of progress in the institutions
of society as well as in the physical world. The
despotism and tyranny of old Governments and
empires, and the barbaric customs of former
generations, are passing away. Other institutions
have succeeded, better but not yet perfect,and
these in turn must give way to the more benefi-
cent and more perfect creations of a brighter fu-
ture. And perhaps hereafter some explorer in
our history shall find for the astonishment of his
times, deep buried in the strata of political geol-
ogy, a monster fossil more wonderful than the
mastodon, and more terrible than the pterodacty-
lus, which shall be recognized as the last vestige
of African slavery.
We,sir, are improving, yet we are not perfect.
It was not the design of the Creator that this
world, either in its physical, in its moral, or in
its political character, should assume perfection,
except willuhe passing away of long ages. We
have our woik to do for this generation. Past
generations have been building up their work for
us; and, taking advantage of their advancements
and of their improvements, we to-day have our
duty to perform in opening a wider pathway for
civilization and for freedom.
I trust that gentlemen will regard this as no
pjarty question. U is with me a question of na-
tional life. 1 have no party feeling whatever in
connection with this whole subject. Since the first
gun was fired in the harbor of Charleston I have
declared always that I would be governed by no
political or partisan feeling until this rebellion
shall be put down; and then, if it shall be the in-
terest or the policy of the people to raise and to dis-
cuss party and political issues, let us meet those
issues manfully, firmly, and as freemen. But
until that time let us remember that we have
sworn to support the Government of this Union.
Plaving taken upon myself that oath, I mean to
support it in ita integrity, in its unity, in its power;
and I care not what institution of the past or of
the present may stand in the way of the main-
tenance of this Government, whether it be the
institution of slavery, whether itbe party, orany-
thing else, I stand pledged before Heaven to as-
sist to the extent of my power in striking it down.
Let us preserve that glorious heritage which
our fathers gave us; and when we speak of civil
liberty let it not be that which represents only the
blood of a particular race; let it be that which
represents man, no matter what land may have
given him birth, no matter what may have been
his political condition.
I am not, sir, one of those who believe that the
emancipation of the black race is of itself to ele-
vate them to an equality with the white race. I
believe in the distinction of races coexisting in the
providence of God for his wise and beneficent de-
signs to man; but I would make every race free
and equal before the law, permitting to each the
elevation to which its own capacity and culture
should entitle it, and securing to each the fruits of
its own progression.
This we can do only by removingevery vestige
of African slavery from the American Republic.
The SPEAKER, (after a pause.) Is the House
ready for the question?
Mr. GRINNELL. I move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. ASHLEY. Oh, no.
The SPEAKER. No gentleman rises to claim
the floor.
Mr. H1GBY. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Giunnell] withdraw the motion to
adjourn ?
Mr. GPwINNELL. I withdraw the motion,
and yield to the gentleman from California, [Mr.
Higby.]
Mr. HIGBY. Mr. Speaker, the debate upon
this question has taken a very wide range. Much
of the ground that ^as occupied at the last session
of Congress seems to have been swept over again
at this session, as if to remind us of facts and ar-
guments which we as Representatives may have
forgotten, or which the people themselves may
have lost sight of. Many gentlemen have over-
looked in their remarks, and probably have for-
gotten, what has transpired between the last ses-
sion of Congress and the present; thatthe policy
pursued by the Administration has been indorsed
by the vote of the people; that four hundred thou-
sand majority of the votesof the people wasgiven
to sustainthatpolicy; that theproclamationissued
by thePresidentof theUnited States on thelstday
of January, 1863, was indorsed as a part of that
policy; that the action of Congress in reference
to this question of slavery, since the beginning of
the rebellion, was also indorsed; that the action
of Congress at the last session m reference to this
very subject was indorsed by the people in the
reelection of, I believe, every member of the pres-
ent House upon the Union side who was put in
nomination. It will be borne in mind, sir, that
at the last session the Senate by an overwhelming
majority, far more than two thuds of that body,
passed thesame jointresolutionthat isnowunder
discussion; that though this resolution when it
came to this body failed to receive a constitu-
tional majority, yet there were nearly or quite
thirty more voting in favor of its passage than
those who voted against it. These facts were
well understood by the people of the nation when
they voted at the last election.
