1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
921
Kansas, Morrill, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Richardson, Trumbull)
Wad**, and Wilkinson—18.
NAYS Moss-rs;. Anthony, Buckalew, Clark, Conness,
Dixon, Doolittle, Foster, Harris, Henderson, Howard, John-
son, Morgan, Nesmith, Nye, I'owt-ll, Riddle, Sprague,
Stewart, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Van Winkle, WiHey, Wilson,
and Wright—24.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cowan, Hale, Harding, Harlan,
Lane of Indiana, McDougall, Saulsbury, and Sherman—8.
So the amendment was rejected.
- Mr. POWELL. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section:
Jindbeit further enacted, That from and after the 1st day
of May, I860, the officcis, non-commissioned officers, mu-
sicians, and privates in the regular Army and volunteurs
and drafted forces in the service of the United States, shall
receive twenty per cent, in addition to their pay now al-
lowed by law.
I feet very well satisfied that the soldiers of the
Army do not receive a sufficient compensation.
The privates in the Army now get less than seven
dollars per month,good money; and they have to
support themselves and their families. That is
entirely too small, and I think it ought to be in-
creased. Heretofore, when we did increase their
pay a little, I made an effort to have aproposition
adopted that they should be paid in gold or its
equivalent. If that proposition had been adopted,
it would have given to the soldiers about the
proper pay. It was voted down, however, by the
Senate. As the Senate has refused to pay the
soldiers in coin, or its equivalent if we could not
get it, I desire now to raise their pay twenty per
cent. Such is the depreciation of this papermoney,
and the great enhancement of the values of every-
thing the families of these soldiers have to use,
that the pay received by ihcm is grossly inade-
quate. It is not my purpose to discuss the prop-
osition. From the sympathy I have heard hcie
about these poor soldiers whenever we attempt
to add to the salary of anybody, I trust and be-
lieve it will pass by the unanimous vote of the Sen-
ate. I ask for the yeas and nays on this amend-
ment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator from Ken-
tucky bases his proposition upon the idea that
the currency of the country is now so depreciated
that in effect the wages of the officers and soldiers
of the Army have been very much reduced. 1
must admit that the depreciation of paper has, as
a matter of course, increased the prices of living,
not only of soldiers and officers of the Army, but
of everybody else; but, sir, that depreciation, in-
stead of becoming greater, is, in my judgment,
becoming less, i can state a fact in this connec-
tion. I had occasion during the month of Au-
gust last to travel in Canada, to go to Montreal
and Quebec, and for the purpose of paying ex-
penses was compelled to purchase com. The
coin which I purchased as 1 loft the United States
to go into Canada cost mc at the rate of $2 55 for
$1. Since that time there has been a very great
reduction in the price of gold, and the deprecia-
tion of the currency is becoming greatly less. A
few days ago gold was being sold at 204. If the
news which we received this morning be correct,
and I have no reason to doubt it, that the enemy
have evacuated Charleston—I understand the
report to have come to the Department or the
President, coming, it is true, from icbei news-
papers 
Mr. JOHNSON. It was telegraphed to a Rich-
mond paper, and was telegraphed by General
Grant to the War Department.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. As the Senator says, a
telegram has been received at the War Depart-
ment announcing that it is stated in a Richmond
newspaper that Charleston is evacuated, as well
as the capital of South Carolina. [Applause in
the galleries.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
Order! Order!
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My opinion, Mr. Presi-
dent, is that this will reduce still more the pricc
of gold, and should the time come to which I
look forward with hope, that through the com-
bination of our forces, the forces under Generals
Sherman, and Schofield, and Foster, and Gill-
more, and the forces under General Grant, we
shall compel the evacuation of Richmond, the
stronghold of the rebellion, gold will go down
in its value, or rather our paper currency will go
up in value in comparison with gold; and when
it appears that we have captured the rebel capi-
tal, as I think we shall in the course of a few
months, my belief is that the ercdit of the bonds
of this Government will be such that we can com-
mand the gold and silver of the civilized world,
and that gold will flow in upon us in exchange
for our bonds and securities, and that the day of
our resumption of specie payments may not be
so distant as gentlemen suppose. I think it un-
wise in this state of affairs, with these victories
on our hands, with these prospects just before
us, for us to undertake by legislation to change
the salaries of officers and soldiers in the Army,
or of civil officers throughout the whole admin-
istration of the Government; for if you touch one
class of these salaries you will be for the same
reason compelled to change them all* Therefore
I think it wiser for us to hold on and resist all
theseattempts, trusting to thegood fortune which
is smiling upon our cause in the reestablishment
of the Union, and with it the credit of this Gov-
ernment upon a foundation that no power can
shake either at home or abroad.
Mr. WILSON. Duty to the country compels
me to oppose this ill-timed proposition. We owe
to the armies more than one hundred and thirty
million dollars. Hundreds of thousands of men
have received no pay since the 31st of last Au-
gust. Why is it that ouraimies are not paid?
Why is it that their families at home are in thou-
sands of cases suffering for the want of the money
we cannot or have not paid ? Our only excuse
for this failure to pay oursoldiers is our inability
to procure the means to pay what we have al-
ready promised. The poverty of the Treasury is
our only apology forthisdelayin paying our sol-
diers. Is it not better, far better, to pay the $130,-
000,000 now due our soldiers than to promise to
pay more, and by so doing impair our credit and
lessen our ability to pay what is already due ? Let
us, sir, lot the Treasury Department provide the
means to redeem the pledges already made to our
soldiers before we make promises we cannot keep.
The Government is, I am glad to know, making
great efforts to pay oursoldiets. Payinasiersare
now hastening to the armies to pay oursoldieis.
Let us not at this time by party action diminish
our ability to complete this work of paying our
long-sufferingbut paticntsoldiers. Nothing would
give me more pleasuie than to increase the pay
of oursoldiers. In 1861 I introduced the bill in-
creasing their pay two dollars per month. At
the last session I made the proposition to fix their
payatsixteen dollars permonth. 1 would now in-
crease their pay if I did not know that we would
not redeem our pledges if we made them. This na-
tion must put forth every effort to pay the a mount
already promised. Let the nation pay the sol-
diers promptly, and pay all its obligations at ma-
turity, and thus increase the value of us currency,
make the sixteen dollars now promised worth
more than the twenty dollars proposed.
Most of oursoldiers received large bounties on
entering the service, in some cases they received
neaily one thousand dollars in bounties. No
armies in the woild are so well paid as ourarmies.
Let the Government pay promptly the amounts
now pledged, and then it may be for the interests
of the soldiers to increase their compensation.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I shall vote to increase
the pay of the soldiers. It is well known that I
was no friend of this war in its inception; I have
been no friend of it in its progress; but being in
it, and the Government calling for the services of
men, and they volunteering or being conscripted,
I will vote to pay those men, who believe they are
doing right, a reasonable compensation. 1 do not
know that personally I am under any obligations
to the soldiers so far as my State is concerned,
because they have been taught to believe that my
views are antagonistic to the cause in which they
have been engaged to serve their country; but
whatever deception may he practiced upon them,
I intend in my capacity here as a legislator to
vote that those men who believe they are serving
their country faithfully shall receive a proper re-
ward.
Sir, what is the compensation of a soldier? I
understand it is the sum of sixteen dollars a month.
Sixteen dollars a month to go upon the deadly
battle-field! Sixteen dollars a month to leave wife,
and children, and home, with all its endearments !
Sir, it is no compensation at all; and although I
believe that the war was a great mistake and that
peace can never come to this country through the
bloody track of war, I will vote to pay the men
who think differently from me, guided by patriotic
motives, a just and-reasonable compensation.
Sir, 1 am glad to hear my honorable friend
from Wisconsin say that very soon these troubles
are to end, and that from the rapid progress which
our armies are making victory is soon to perch,
not only temporarily, but permanently and tri-
umphantly upon our banneis. I recollect that
that honorable Senator some two years ago, in
advance, invited us to dine in Richmond on the
4th of July. We were invited by him to dine
there on the 4th of July, 1862. If the dinner was
prepared it must have got cold before the guests
arrived. Let me say to my honorable friend that
if the policy which is now being pursued is to bo
continued, though Savannah falls,though Colum-
bia falls, though Charleston falls, though Rich-
mond fails, we dine not around the table of fra-
ternal love and peace in his day or mine. The
great mistake is being made at the present time
of supposing that because points which are con-
sidered strong and important to the southern con-
federacy fall, that therefore this war is to close.
Why, sir, let me refresh the memories of Sen-
ators, because we live a thousand years in a day
now, and the old expression of Scripture is ful-
filled, "One day is as a thousand years, and a
thousand years as one day." Take the results
of the recent mission of the President of the Uni-
ted States and his Secretaty of State, the peace
conference as it was called, heralded in its advent
with the announcement in the State organ that he
went down in his "sovereign capacity to give
terms to rebels." That was the first time in
my life I ever heard such an expression applied
to the Chief Magistrate of this country, that he
was going down in his "sovereign capacity."
lie went. What did he say, accoidmg to the
message which he himself delivered to the House
of Representatives, but which lie did not deliver
to this body, although icquestcd to do so ? When
you made a request of him for the proceedings in
that conference, he referred you to the message
which he had sent to the House of Representa-
tives. Was such a thing ever heard of befoie in
the Senate of the United States, that when a body
which is considered to be the highest legislative
council of the nation makes a particular request
of the Executive that he shall make a certain com-
munication, he refers them to something he had
said to another important branch of the Govern-
ment. But enough of that.
But, sir, what were the terms he offered? " We
will hold no conference with you as a confeder-
ate power; we will not entertain your proposi-
tions" 
Mr. SQERM AN. I i ise to a question of order.
It is with a great deal of pain that I do so; but I
insist that the Senator is not discussing the ques-
tion before the Senate. It is painful to me to in-
terpose this objection; but i nave charge of this
bill, and desue to pass it,and I respectfully sub-
mit the question to the Chair, and I hope that the
honorable Senator, if the Chair shall agree with
me, will conform to the rules of order. I am
very anxious to progress with the public busi-
ness, and therefore make this point of order, the
first of the kind that I have ever made in the
Senate.
Mr. SAULSBURY. If I am out of order no
one will be more glad than myself to be informed
of it, and to obey the rules. I know that the point
of order is not made from any spirit of unkind-
ness. I was reminding the Senate of the progress
of the times, and I hope it has not conic to this,
that a Senator cannot discuss that question with-
out points of order being raised. Sir, I have
never violated the rulesof yourbody,and I never
expect to do so.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The point of
order, under different circumstances,would be well
taken; but after the debate has been proceeded in
so long, and varied from the question before the
Senate as it has from the beginning of the dis-
cussion for the most pait of the time, the Chair
would feel it ungracious to shut down a member
on a motion of the kind before the Senate.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I assure the honorable
member from Ohio, for whom, as he knows, I
entertain the most profound respect, that I was
not indulging in this strain of remark for the pur-
pose of delay, or for the purpose, of preventing
him from consummating the business before the
body, I was replying to the remark made by my
