156
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
And, sir, not only that. The old question is
reiterated as to whether we have power under the
Constitution. We have heard it to-day. And
what is a very singular fact is that those who
cannot find power under the Constitution to au-
thorize us to make this amendment comc entirely
from the free States of the Union, while the voice
which comes up from the slave States, those who
practically as well as constitutionally understand
this question, is in favor of supporting the Union
side of the House, and these men tell us that
they are ready to favor the proposition of strip-
ping from the Constitution anything that toler-
ates the institution of slavery in any State of the
Union.
But, sir, I forbear to go into a lengthy argu-
ment. I forbear to reiterate here the arguments I
in favor of the abolition of slavery throughout
the Union. Slavery has given usitslessons; they
have been taught in slaughter and fiendish cruelty
of every character. Indeed, no nation has suf-
fered for its sins as we have done for slavery.
"What to-day has been laid upon the desk of every
member shows us not only facts in reference to
the treatment of our soldiers taken prisoners by
the lebels, but there are pictorial illustrations
of the men who were literally starved to death.
These are only a few of the arguments which
arise before us, and a few of the proofs which we
have of the evil of slavery. I forbear to reiterate
them all.
Mr. Speaker, I would not have risen to say
anything on this question, but would have left it
in the hands of others more familiar with it, if it
had not been for the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Brooks,] who has a reputation for natural
gifts and for varied learning, nut only of books,
but of countries through which he has traveled,
and who is listened to always with great atten-
tion, but who is extreme and discuisivo on every
subject he attempts to handle. In his thrust back-
ward and forwaid with the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Scofiei.Dj] he could not refrain
fiom crossing the continent and bringing in the
State of California. New York and Pennsylvania
couid not settle their difficulty without bringing
up something in reference to what transpired con-
cerning California. The gentleman fiom New
York iugged it in entirely out of place, and the
singular fact was that he had to misrepresent the
facts to prove his ease.
Mr. Speaker, in the course of his remarks in
reply to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, the
gentleman from New York spoke of an interview,
or, at least, an exchange of words upon this floor
he had with a member from Georgia, Mr. Toombs,
and he stated that there was one question put to
him which he was not able to answer. To under-
stand what he did say, 1 ask the Clerk to read an
extract from his speech.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Not lias the South here in tins Home and upon this
floor alwav.s had its way, even wish its able men. I was
here in tin" yreat Mru^iile of 18.10, when the ablest men of
tlic fcsouthwere upon the fiom ut the adjoining flail exer-
cising ail their power to binig California Kilo the Union as
n slave State, and to extend sluvviy to the Pacific ; ami in
that they tailed. I recollect their ai^uments. I myself
was engaged iu a vvaim debate on that Hibject with Mr.
Toombs,of Geoigia; and in the course of the ai ument>
when iie wad elaimim; that Caltloinia should he open to
tin: icpieM-matjve-* and institutions oi Geotgia and rjoutli
Caioh'na a* well a<- totbo^e of New Yoik, lie asked mo a
question wlnel) I lound it eanei to evade than to answer.
])id not. lie a^iced, a regiment from New York city and a
regiment fiotn i^outh Caiohna, iu the match from Vein
Ciuz to Mexico, at Cnapultepoe. 1 think lie smuI. fiiiht-ude
by side and j-ltoulder to .shoulder to eonquei the Mexicans;
and when the vietoiy was won and the treaty made and
the common tenitoiy acquued ioi which the-e soldiers of
New Yoik and South Caiolum had louijht and paid in com-
mon, was it, he a-ked, ju-tand light and equitable thatthe
fcou of the South Carolina soldiei, or that  oldtei himself,
should he forbidden to eanguuc, carrying his institutions
with hun, into Cahiorma and the rest of the ternfory thus
acquired, Mdo by side with the Citizen ot New Yoikf f
evaded the question, I must confer, to the b«n of my
ability. I tound it difficult to answer. I an>wcied it to
the best ofmyabiiuy,although notaltogether satitfactonly
to m>seJf.
'• 1 mention this incident, winch was hutoneofthemany
incidents ot that gtcat and prolonged debate, during which
the men of the North stood together, X think, for six month*
upon the ilooi of the Hou-^of Representatives, contending
and with gicat success lor the exclusion of slavery from
California and from all the Pacific coast, and then the
South fnUy and ably repieseuled here, never more
ably sep.cseiited than then. The North, and 1 among the
jioithein Representative^, stood up shoulder to shoulder,
and suecit5=iully, too, lor we excluded slavery from Cai-
iioirua by its admission a? a free State. Slavery was for-
bidden by the compromise of 1850 to enter any of the ter-
ritory which we acquired fiom Mexico on the Pacific coast."
Mr. HIGBY. Now, Mr. Speaker, a few facts.
In 1849 and 1850 the people of California, under
a. provisional governor, assembled and elected
delegates to a convention. The day was fixed
and the convention was held. The objectof that
convention was to frame a constitution for the ad-
missiorf of California into the Union as a State.
After long and arduous labors that convention
presented to the people a constitution for adop-
tion, and let me say that in that convention there
were men from the extreme South, men who are
to-day sympathizing with this rebellion, who were
just as zealous opposers of the introduction of sla-
very as any man upon this floor to-day, and who
in that convention labored to put down all argu-
ments which could be raised in favor of its intro-
duction. They presented a constitution which
did not tolerate slavery, and the result was that
the people adopted it and sent it to Congress, with
Wright and Gilbert to this House, and Senators-
elect to the Senate, for admission as a State under
it into the Union.
If there was any question in regard to the in-
stitution of slavery in the introduction of Califor-
nia as a State, it arose here upon this floor, and
in the other branch of Congress, and came not
from any voice of the State of California. She
was entirely free, and had driven slavery from
the State and the Territory by the unanimous
voice of the people. No Territory upon the Pa-
cific coast was ever aided by act of Congress in
getting rid of the institution of slavery. The gen-
tleman altogether mistakes the facts, for it was he
and those associated with him who raised the
question. He misrepresents the facts, and mis-
represents those who represented that State on
this floor. The people of California owe him no
thanks for what lie did ntthtt time in this House.
The facts are quite the reverse of what he stated,
for from what he says I take it that he and others
were the parents of that infamous compromise
which will always be a dark feature in American
history.
The introduction of California as a State into
the Union was connected with the passage of that
most infamous law which we last session abol-
ished so readily, and California could not come
into the Union asafrecStatcunlessthat infamous
law was placed upon the statute-book; and neither
the gentleman from New York norany othergen-
tleman associated with him upon this floor can
take any credit to himself or place any laurels on
his brow for what he did in tnat respect.
I rose more particularly to refute the statement
of the gentleman, because when one stands upon
this floor and makes a declaration asa fact in his-
tory, it is expected to go out to the people and be ac-
cepted by them unless it is refuted. lience I assert
distinctly that there was no division among the
people on the Pacific coast upon this question of
the institution of slavery.
And now I come back to the remarks of the
gentlefnan from New York. He found the ques-
tion was a difficult one to answer. The people
of California were unanimous in their presenta-
tion of a constitution about which there could be
no question as to its republicanism, for it was re-
publican in ptincipleand republican in foim; and
yet when the gentleman from Georgia aska the
gentleman from New York a question he answers
it in his own way, but not satisfactorily to him-
self. Why, sir, when a man brought up in the
light of every good principle, one who has lived
all his life under their influence, one who could
be so firm to the position which he occupied last
session,and occupics the present, one whose mind
embraces such correct principles as he professes
to possess, and such correct learning as he has
received from year to year, can, now that he has
arrived at ripe manhood, bccome so warped and
perverted by the power of this institution that in
the light of truth he cannot answer that simple
question, I am furnished with the best evidence
why the land should be rid of such an institution
as that. It seems to me there should have been
no difficulty in answeiing that question in the
light of the fact that the people of the Pacific coast
got rid of the institution for themselves; and yet
m the face and eyes of the position which the gen-
tleman takes here that the States are sovereign
and can settle that question for themselves, when
the gentleman from Georgia raises such a ques-
tion he finds it extremely difficult to answer, and
answers it not satisfactorily to himself.
Mr, Speaker, I leave the gentleman and envy
him not ail the fame he can acquire for himself
by arguments of that character. 1 prefer to be
upon the side of right and of truth, where I be-
lieve the people are likely to be when such pow-
erful and fascinating influences as arise out of
this institution are entirely removed. 1 hope we
shall soon take a "vote upon this question, and
that it will be a successful one; that there will be
a two-thirds vote in this House, and thatthe ques-
tion will be sent to the States for them to take
action upon, we well knowing, and the people
well knowing, that the action we take upon the
question here is not final, but that it must be rati-
fied by the Legislatures of three fouiths of the
States. Then, if it shall so be that they ratify our
action, that action will be a binding force and
power upon us, become a part of the Constitu-
tion, and expel forever from the country the
question which has been an apple of discord in
our midst for half a century.
So far as the power which the North has had
in this Government is concerned in regard to
•which the gentleman claims that it has had the
controlling power, I will leave him to settle that
question with the vice president of the confed-
erate States, Mr. Stephens, who reiterated in his
speech in the Georgia convention which passed
their ordinance of secession, that the South had
held the power in this Government from its origin
down to the time they were making their com-
plaints. I leave it to the gentleman from New
York, who was born, as he tells us, in a free
State, whose State of adoption is a free State, and
who never has had any direct interest in a slave
State, to settle that question with Mr. Stephens,
1 think that the southern gentleman has given us
facts that are true, while the gentleman from New
York has been very much mistaken in the facts
that he has attempted to present. And here I
leave the question.
Mr. ASHLEY. If no othergentleman wishes
to go on to-night I desire to say that I will ask the
House, perhaps on Monday evening, or on Tues-
day morning at furthest, to sustain u motion for
the previous question.
I now ask that certain amendments which the
committee on the rebellious States propose to offer
be ordered to he printed.
It was so ordered.
Mr. WILSON. I propose, when the bill comes
before the House for consideration, to offer an
amendment in the nature of a substitute. I ask
that it may also be printed.
It was so ordered.
PENSION APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, by unanimous
consent, the pension appropriation bill, returned
from the Senate with amendment#, was taken from
the Speaker's table, and referred to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means.
R. REYNOLDS AND CHARLES YOUNG.
Mr. NELSON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to authorize the Commissioner of
Patents to grant letters patent to R. Reynolds and
Charles Young for an improvement in hay ele-
vators; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Patents.
ARMY RATIONS.
Mr. COBB, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resokcd, That the Committee on Military Affairs bp,
and they arc hereby, instructed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of the passage ot an act by which the amount of the
Aimy ration s-hall be reetoied to what it was under the
ptovisions of the law of 1861; and that tiicy may report by
bill or otherwise.
MINERAL RESOURCES OF THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, by unanimous conscnt,
introduced a bill to provide for the development
of the mineral resources of the United States in
the several Territories; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Territories.
And then, on motion of Mr. HOLMAN, (at
eight minutes to three o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned to Monday next.
