922
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
friend from Wisconsin in reference to the early
dawn of peace, I think thatthis delusion has gone
far enough; that the sixty days'and the ninety
days' ending of this war lias had enough bad ef-
fect; and that Senators ought not to delude the
people of this country with the idea that peace is
dawning upon us. Sir, we have got years of
bloody war to travel through before peace comes.
At the particular moment when I was inter-
rupted by the honorable Senator I was stating
why I thought that peace could not so soon re-
turn as my honorable ftiend suggested, and it was
because the terms offered,as 1 learned them from
nn executive message communicated to the other
House, but not to us, could not be expected to be
complied with. Sir, I recollect reading in early
life, and my memory has been somewhat re-
freshed from the reading of later years, that when
the colonies protested against the exactions of the
British Government that Government said: " You
are rebels; we will not treat with you; lay down
your arms,and we will treat with you." I recol-
lect that in about two years after the commence-
ment of that war George III. who was the" sov-
ereign " of England and of the colonies, proposed
to give to the colonies representation in Parlia-
ment and to relieve them of the onerous buiden
of taxation without repiesentation if they would
agree to it. That was all the colonies asked in
the beginning. What was the answer? "The
conflict has taken place; our fathers, and sons,
and brothers have shed their blood; it is too late
now to accept the terms that we would h?*ve ac-
cepted in the beginning." The British Govern-
ment at first would not treat with rebels; but af-
tersvaid another commission came to the colonies
and offered to guaranty to them every right ex-
cept that of separation. What was the reply?
" The contest has progressed too far; there has
been too much ill-feeling engendered, there has
been too much blood spilt in this conflict to ac-
ceptthos'e terms; independence,and independence
alone, are the only terms upon which we will agree
to treat with you." Sir, without assuming to be
a philosophical studentof history I have watched
the progress of tins contest from the beginning,
and history is now but repeating itself. The mad
folly of the British Government lost to them the
colonies; and if the mad policy that is now pur-
sued is still continued it will, I fear, iose to the
American Government a portion of the States that
once belonged ton.
Bat the honorable chairman of the Committee
on Finance is impatient. The idea suggested
opens up a vast field for debate, and the mind
could range for hours in a comparison of the ex-
ample of the revolutionary struggle and that af-
forded by this present contest. One word more
and 1 have done, because I yield to what is the
reasonable impatience of the chairman of the
Committee on Finance. He wishes to get
through the measuies to support the Govern-
ment, and I shall throw no obstacles in the way.
Thtj reason that I sometimes utter these senti-
ments I? this: I get into a friendly debate with
some member of the opposition, and he is too
polite to question my personal loyalty, huthe tells
me ihut the party to which I belong is notexactly
loyal. Sir, I recoliect that when hardly warm in
my seat, when secession was broached in this
Chamber, how it was, in an humble way and as an
inexperienced youth (I had liked to have said) I
raised my warning voice against it,and tn puvate
and in public protested against it; and to-day I
find the gu-at paity that is now controlling the
country taking to their embrace the very men
who counseled it and giving to them the chief
places in their political synagogue, while I and
those who struggled against it aic considered by
them disloyal. Sir, I make no defense of my
loyalty here or elsewhere: but this is my reason
on all proper occasions for raising my voice on
this subject
Mr. HENDRICKS. At the last session I felt
it my du'y to oiler as an amendment to the Army
approju iatinn bill u proposition that the soldiers
in the ii«-Id should ieceive,in addition to the pay
then allowed them, fifty per cent., which would
give them about £19 00 permon'h, I thought, in
view of the depreciation of the currency and of
the expense of maintaining a family at home, that
it was a very reasonable proposition. As the
amendment of the Senator from Kentucky if
adopted will achieve about that result, I shall very
cordially give it my support. 1 think that we as
a people are able to pay that, and I think as a
matter of justice it ought to be given to them.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 14, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—-M'-^rs. Davis, Dixon, Harlan, Hendricks Lane
of Indiana, Lane of Kau-as Nej-muh, Poiueroy, Powell,
IlanHoy, Riddle, Salisbury, Wad'*, and Wright—14.
NAYS — .Messrs. Anthony, Bucfcaletv, Caddo, Clark,
Colkuner, Conneas, Doolittle, Farwell, Foot, Foster, Hale,
Ifairis, Henderson, Howard, Howe, Johnson, MtDougaH,
Morgan, Morrill, Nye, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Sum-
ner. and Wilson—25.
ABSENT—Messrs. Drown, Chandler, Cowan, Grimes,
Harding, Kiehardsou, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Van Winkle,
Wilkinson, and Wiltey—11.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. ANTHONY. I now offer the amendment
that was adopted a short time ago as an amend-
ment to the amendment of the Senator from Illi-
nois, to insert as a new section the following:
Jind be it further enacted, That officers in the volunteer
service -hall be entitled to tile same-rations as if they were
in the regular service.
Mr. CONNESS. This is now simply pro-
posed to increase the compensation of volunteer
officers in such amanneras has been described as
totally indefensible by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance, by giving them what is called
the service ration. The question of the increase
of compensation of officers of the Army has been
pretty seriously and patiently considered, and it
is not necessary to say here that such increase
has been given as the country can afford. I do
not wish to discuss the Senator's amendment, but
simply to say I cannot vote for it, for I legard it
as en ill-judged increase at this time.
Mr. ANTHONY. This is the same amend-
ment which the Senate just adopted almost unan-
imously to the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois, and then they rejected the amendment as
amended, not on account of this proposition, but
because they were opposed to the original prop-
osition.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will say to my friend
from Rhode Island that the amendment is totally
nugatory; that no volunteer officer will receive
the benefit of it until after five years' service. It
is therefore idle to put the amendment on this bill.
It was offered as an amendment to the amend-
ment of the Senator from Illinois, and was voted
for by nearly every one who wanted to vote down
the other amendment.
Mr. CONNESS. That is precisely-what I was
about to say. The very opposite of what the
Senator from Riiode Island said is the fact.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read
the third time, and passed.
PRINTING OP A BILL.
Mr. HOWARD. I desire to have an ordermade
for the printing of Senate bill No. 449, making a
grant of public lands to the State of Michigan, to
aid in the construction o£ a railroad along the
mineral range in said State. It lias not been
printed, although I think the order was made a
few days ago when I presented the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
RECESS.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to move that the Sen-
ate hold an executive session at half past seven
o'clock this evening, for the purpose of acting
solely on nominations.
Mr. COLLAMER. I suggest to the Senator
to move to take a recess until half past seven
o'clock, with a view to have an executive session.
Several Senators. From what hour?
Mr, DOOLITTLE. Say five o'clock.
Mr. WILSON. I will say from five o'clock
till seven.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Massachusetts moves that the Senate take
a recess fiotn five o'clock until seven o'clock this
evening, for the purpose of having an executive
session at that time.
Mr. JOHNSON. Say half past four o'clock.
Mr. WILSON. Vety well.
Mr. SUMNER. Let me ask my colleague,
why confine the session this evening to execuuve
business? It maybe that it wilfbe important
then to go on with the business under considera-
tion at the time the recess takes place.
Mr. CONNESS. Lei it be as the Senate may
then determine.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 would rather that the order
be general, that a recess be taken from half past
four till seven o'clock.
Mr. WILSON. I will say in reply to my col-
league that the Committee on Military Affairs
authorized me this morning to make this motion,
with a view of acting upon seveial hundred Army
nominations that we now have before us, and
which we are exceedingly anxious to dispose of.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Why not make u gen-
eral ?
Mr. HOWARD. Oh, no; let us have itin the
special form submitted by the chairman of the
Military Committee. There is a great deal of
executive business t<> transact.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Massachusetts moves that the Senate take
a recess from half past four o'clock till seven
o'clock this evening, and that the Senate then pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business,
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not desire to discuss
that motion, but 1 wish the Senator would say
five o'clock. 1 have sevral Indian bills to be
acted upon; and 1 do not want to trouble the Sen-
ate again with them, and I am afraid that will not
give me time enough to finish them.
The motion of Mr. Wilson* was agreed to.
REFUGEE INDIANS.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move to take up Senate
joint resolution No. 85, relating to the refugee
Indians.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to postpone all
prior orders for the purpose of taking up House
bill No. 307. It was undei stood, 1 believe, that
the Senator from Nevada [Mr Nye] would have
the floor to-day to make a speech on that bill, and
I hope the Senate will afford lam an opportunity
to do so.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Wis-
consin to postpone all prior orders and proceed
to the consideration of the joint resolution (S. R.
No. 85) authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to issue certain bonds to the Secretary of the
Interior for feeding the refugee Indians.
Mr. CLARK. Upon thatmotion I may as well
say to the Senate what I designed to say v. hen I
rose and endeavored to get the floor a rrif>menUt^<>.
I do not desire to interfere with the Senator's
motion, but I wish to slate to the Senate that there
are on the Calendar perhaps twehe or fifteen pri-
vate bills which it is necessary to act upon nt
some, time and soon. I desire tu a \ o:d the sti ngsrie
and the delay which oiV-n occur about the order
of business, and I will ask the Senate to-morrow
or the next day to let me have an hour of the
Senate's consideration, if it can be done consist-
ently with the public business, for the considera-
tion of those bills.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Tim question
is on the motion of the Senator ft om Wisconsin.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the W h ok', proceeded to consider
the joint resolution (S R. No. $5) authoiizing
the Secretai y of the TV-usury to issue ceitam
bonds to the Secretary ofthe I ut<-1 i f M feeding
the refugee Indians. It dinets the S<cre?aiyof
the Treasury t'> issue and deliver the bonds for
the sum of <->250,000, appropriated for the u>e of
the Choctaw Indians by an act making appio-
printions for th*'current and continent expenses
of the Indian department,and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with varn n« Indian tribes, for the
year ending June 30, 1862, appioved MhvIi '2,
1861, to the Secretary of the Interior, to be by him
disposed of, and the proceds thereof applied to
the relit f and supp<u t of individual members of
Cherokee,Creek,Choctaw,C'hickasa w, Seminole,
W ich ila, and other affiliated ti ib  s of I nd nuis, who
have bet n driven from their homes and reduced to
wanton account of their friendship to the Govern-
ment,*^ contemplated by th" provisions of an act
making appropi iationa for tin; current and con-
tingent expenses of the Indian department, and
for fulfilling ti( aty stipulations wirh various In-
dian tribes, for the year ending June 30, 1363*
approved July 5, I8G2.
The Committee on Indian Affairs reported the
resolution with amendments. The first amend-
ment was in Inn four to sti ike out the words 11 to
issue and deliver," and to insert the words " m
lieu of."
The amendment way agreed to.
