1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
157
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 9, 18G5.
Prayer by Rev. B. H. Nadal, D. D.j of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a message from the President of the United
States, transmitting a copy of two treaties between
the United States and Belgium for the extinguish-
ment of the Scheldt dues, concluded May 20 and
July 20,1863, respectively, and recommending an
appropriation to carry into effect their provisions
relative to the capitalization of the dues; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE presented the petition of the
chiefs and counselors of the Wyandott tribe of
Indians in relation to the charges preferred against
Mrs. Abelard Guthrie by Mathew Mud-eater,
John Sanahees, and others, representing them-
selves as chiefs of the Wyandott tribe of Indians;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
He also presented the memorial of tha Board
of Trade of the city of Racine, Wisconsin, pray-
ing for the location of a naval depot and yard at
Racine; which was referred to the Committee on
Haval Affairs.
He also presented the petition of John S. Hor-
ner, praying compensation for services rendered
by ins .father in the revolutionary war; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented a petition of citizens ofWis-
consin, praying for a grant of land to build a ship
canal at Sturgeon bay, Door county, Wisconsin;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. MORRILL presented a petition of officers
of the thud brigade, first division, twenty-fourth
Army corps, praying for an increase of the pay
of Army officers; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. POMEROY presented the petition of E.
Archinard, praying compensation for the destruc-
tion of Ins property, as lie alleges, by the order
of General Banks; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. HENDRICKS presented the petition of
Clara Moore, widow of Ely Mooie, deceased,
praying payment to her of the claim of her hus-
band for an amount paid for additional clerks and
office accommodations for those clerks in the
register's office at Lecompton, Douglas county,
Kansas; which was referied to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. WADE presented the petition of military
officers of Ohio regiments in the service of the
United States, praying for an increase of com-
pensation; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. IIOWE presented the petition of the rec-
tor, wardens, and vestrymen of Grace church,
llipon, Wisconsin,praying that the duties upon
their church organ may be remitted; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the petition of
citizens uf Detroit, Michigan, praying fur a re-
duction of the duty of two and a half per cent,
upon thegioss receipts of ships and vessels en-
gaged in the business of transporting property
between different ports in the United States on
the northwestern lakes and rivers, imposed by
section one hundred and three of the internal rev-
enue law, approved June 30, 1864; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
lie also presented the petition of citizens of St.
Clair, Michigan, praying a-reduction of the duty
of two and one half per cent, upon the gross re-
ceipts of ships and vessels engaged in the business
of uansportmg property between different ports m
the United States on the northwestern lakes and
rivers, imposed by section one hundred and three
of the internal revenue law, approved June 30,
1864; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
He also presented the memorial of members of
the Board of Trade and citizens of Detroit, Michi-
gan, praying for an appropriation for the con-
struction of a harbor of refuge on the northwest-
ern coast of the lower peninsula of Michigan,
near Point Aux Bees Scies; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SHERMAN presented the petition of citi-
zens of Cincinnati, Ohio, praying for the sale of
the mineral lands of the Rocky mountain country
and aid to the Northern and Central Pacific rail-
roads; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. ANTHONY presented the memorial of
the National Rubber Company, located at Bristol,
Rhode Island, remonstrating against the further
extension of the letters patent originally granted
to Charles Goodyear on the 15th of June, 1844, for
the invention of vulcanized India rubber; which
was referred to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office.
He also presented the petition of light-house
keepers m Narragansett bay, praying for an in-
crease of salary; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. MORGAN presented the memorial of
Peter Cooper, of New Yoik, praying for the pas-
sage «f a law that will provide an opportunity by
which our patriotic men and women may furnish
to the Government any number of able-bodied
men, and have the right by law to assign such
persons as substitutes for themselves or for any of
their friends for whom they may desire to provide
a substitute against any draft that may hereafter
be required during the war; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
BILLS INTRODUCED*
Mr. HENDERSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave tointroduce a bill (S.No.
377) granting lands to the State of Missouri, to
aid m the construction of certain railroads in said
State; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 378) for
the relief of certain non-commissioned officers,
privates, musicians, and artificers of cavalry;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr, CONNESS asked, and by unanimouscon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce the following
bills; which were respectively read twice by their
titles, referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordeied to be printed:
A bill (S. No. 379) for the sale of timber lands
in the State of California;
A bill (S. jN'o. 380) to give title to the occupants
of lot3 in cities and towns in the State of Cali-
fornia; and
A bill (S. No. 381) in relation to the swamp
and oversowed lands in the S.tate of California.
SOUTHERN REFUGEES.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have been requested to
present a memorial of the Refugee Relief Com-
mission, of Ohio, praying for an immediate ap-
pronnation by Congress of ^500,000, to be ex-
pended under the direction of the Secretary of
War, in furnishing poor white lefugecs of the
South with seed and farming implements in time
for the cultivation of the soil the coming spring;
and also to aid such as are mechanics in obtain-
ing tools, &c., for the prosecution of their em-
ployments, fur the leasons named in the memo-
rial. I desne to say, before this memorial is
referred, that similar associations have been or-
ganized in nearly all the leading cities of the Union,
and especially along the border. Thousands of
refugees from the South, belonging mostly to the
families of soldiers in our Army, are in Cincin-
nati, Louisville, St. Louis, Nashville, Memphis,
and nearly all the border cities. Tiieir suffeungs
cannot be told. I presume there are now one
hundred thousand white people who have been
driven from their homes by the fortunes of war,
many of them loyal people, who are suffering un-
told miseries in these cities; many of them en-
tirely destitute; many of them without the means
and without the capacity to earn their own liveli-
hood. They have been thrown upon the chanty
of the people of the border States, especially along
the borders of the Ohio river. In many cases pn-
vate charities have been exhausted m their ichef.
Whether, under the circumstances, Congress
ought to appropriate money for their relief or not,
I am not prepared to say; hut it seems lo me cer-
tain measures may be devised for their relief.
There is now a large quantity of land subject to
confiscation in the southern States under the laws
of Congress, which for some reason the execu-
tive officers have not yet seized or taken posses-
sion of. I can see no reason why provision should
not be made authorizing these loyal refugees to
seize and occupythis land subject to confiscation,
under the protection of law, and so as to secure
to them the benefit of the occupancy and settle-
ment laws which are common and familiar in all
the western States. It seems to me that some
measure of reliefought to be extended to these peo-
ple. It is a crying evil, which is pressing espe-
cially upon the Senators from the western States.
Perhaps, also, some provision might be made to
give them employment in the manufacture of
clothing for the Army, in the quartermaster's de-
partment, and in various other departments of the
Government. At present they are thrown upon
the charity of those who are not able to bear the
burden. They are thrown upon charitable asso-
ciations who ought certainly to have some aid
from the General Government. This condition
of things is caused by a state of war, and the ex-
pense of this relief, it seems to me, ought to be
borne in some way by the General Government
instead of by local communities and associations
organized along the border.
1 do not know to whatcommittee this memorial
ought to be refeired. I have no doubt that sim-
ilar memorials will come upon us in greatnumber
during next month. Perhaps it would be well to
refer it to the Committee on Public Lands.
Several Senators. The Committee on Agri-
culture.
Mr. SHERMAN. Well, the Committee on
Agiiculture. I do not care to whatcommittee the
reference is made. The subject is one which I
thmk demands the immediate attention of Con-
gress.
Mr. POMEROY. I am glad that the Senator
from Ohio has brought this subject to the atten-
tion of the Senate and the country. While I was
at home during the fall my attention was called to
a great number of this class of our fellow-citizens
who were suffering. Theie came into my own
State train after train of emigrants, some of them
miles in length, and on every camping ground
where they camped at night you could see places
wiiere they had to bury their dead. Their chil-
dren were sick; mcmbcis of their families were
sick. There never has been a more painful sub-
ject presented to my own mind than this subject
of the condition of the poor refugees from |Aio
States of Arkansas, Missouri, and Tennessee, to
some extent, who came into my own State. There
were five hundred families in one train with their
suffering children. I think this subject strongly
recommends itself to the attention of the Senate
and the country.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
from Ohio indicate distinctly to what committee
he wishes the memorial referred ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that it be referred
to the Committee on PublicLands, with the hope
that they will repoit some mode by which these
people can occupy the confiscated lands of the
leading rebels. 11 seems to me it is a matter thot
ought to receive the attention of the executive
authority without any action of Congress.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The memorial will
be so referred.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom^ was re-
ferred a resolution as to the propriety or distrib-
uting among the officers and men of Geneial Sher-
man Jsarmy a portion of the proceeds of the cotton
captured at Savannah, reported that the resolu-
tion ought to be indefinitely postponed.
CONSUL AT HALIFAX.
Mr. HALEsubmitted the fullovnngresolution;
which was considei ed by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, Thnt the Committee on Pommeice be in-
structed to inquire mf i!u pioptnny iu><t e\p< tbtney of
increasing the annual compensation 01 Umk'd States
consul at Halifax, Nova Scotia.
EXTRA SESSION OF CONGRESS.
Mr. POMEROY submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous coil-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary 1,9 la'
