1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The next amendment was in line twelve, after
the word " one" to insert the words " to pay," and
after the word " Interior" to insert " §250,000;"
so that the resolution will road:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is herebyt
authorized and directed, in heu of the bonds for the sum
of$250,00U, appropriated lor the u>e of the Choctaw In-
dians by an act entitled " An act making appropriations for
the cuirent and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various
Indian tribes, for the year ending June 30,1862," approved
March 2, 1861, tu pay to the Secretary of the Interior
$250,000, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The committee also proposed to amend the res-
olution by inserting the following preamble:
Whereas the Choctaw tribe, a nation of Indians, have
become allies of the lehels against the United States, and
have been at war against them for more than three years,
duiing winch time the most cruel and barbarous acts were
perpetrated upon the friendly Indians hereinafter men-
tioned.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I wish to say to the Senate,
that they may understand precisely the nature of
this resolution, that by the act of 1861 $500,000
was appropriated for the benefit of the Choctaw
nation, $250,000 of which was paid down in cash
and was received by them just about the time
they went into this rebellion. Two hundred and
fifty thousand dollars was to be appropriated in
bonds, to be issued by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. In the subsequent legislation, in conse-
quence of the rebellion of the Choctaw nation,
we passed a bill by which we confiscated the an-
nuities of the Choctaw nation for the benefit of
the refugee Indians. It was claimed that under
that law this $250,000 in bonds ought to have been
passed over from the Secretary of the Treasury
to the Secretary of the Intenor, to enable him to
feed these refugee Indians, but the Secretary of
the Treasury declined to issue the bonds to the
Secretary of the Interior. One reason why he
declined to issue them was that it would put the
Secretary of the Interior in a position to be selling
bonds in competition with the Secretary of the
Treasury. It was concluded by the committee,
in recommending the amendment which they sub-
mitted to the resolution, that we should authorize
the Secretary of the Treasury, in lieu of these
bonds which by the law ougiit to be issued for
the benefit of the Choctaw nation, to pay over
the money to the Secretary of the Interior.
This appropriation is necessary, and I will
«45tate also to the Senate that on the appropriation
bill, or some other bill, a further appropriation
may be asked for in relation to these refugee In-
dians. It is undeistood, I suppose, by the Senate
that about twenty thousand of them were driven
out by the rebel Indians, with the assistance of
some rebels who joined them. The Choctaws
and Chielcasaws drove out the Creeks and Chero-
kees, and they came, in the midst of suffering
untold and indescribable, into the State of Kan-
sas, where they were fed and kept for a while,and
then by a law of Congress they were ordered to be
sent back. They have been sent back, and it is
absolutely necessary that these funds should be
used for their support.
The joint resolution was reported to theSenate
as amended,and the amendments were concurred
in. The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, read the third time,
and passed.
On motion of Mr. DOOLITTLE, the title was
amended so as to read; A joint resolution author-
izing the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to the
Secretary of the Interior &230,000, in lu;u of cer-
tain bonds, for feeding certain refugee Indians.
INDIAN AFFAIRS IN CALIFORNIA.
On motion of Mr. DOOLITTLE, the Senate,
as in Committee of the W hole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 370) to amend an act en-
titled " An act to provide for the better organiza-
tion of Indian affairs in California."
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not think it is neces-
sary to read the original bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. An amend-
ment is proposed by the Committee on Indian
Affairs in the form of a substitute for the entire
bill, and unless some member shall call for the
reading of the original bill the substitute only
will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which was
to str$e out all after the enacting clause of the
original bill, and to insert in lieu thereof the fol-
lowing:
That the sum of $60,000, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, be, and the same is hereby, appropriated out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
the purpose of enabling the Secretaiy of the luteiior to pay
the settlers in Hoopa valley, California, for their improve-
ments on the Indian reservation therein: Provided, That
befote the same or any part of the money hereby appropri-
ated shall be paid, the said improvements shall beappiaised
by the supeiintendem of Indian affairs, the Indian agent
at said reservation, and the surveyor geneial of California j
and if, in the opinion of the Secretary of the Interior, their
appraisement shall be reasonable, and shall not in the ag-
gregate exceed the sum herein appropriated, the said Sec-
retary is hereby authorized to apply the same, or so much
thereof as may be necessaiy, in payment for the said im-
provements, taking proper releases therefor: And provided
further, That the moneys hereby appropriated be reim-
bursed fiom the proceeds of the sales of Indian reserva-
tions in said State, under the provisions of the act to pro-
vide for the better oiganizations of Indian affairs m Cali-
fornia, approved April 8, 1864.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 ought, perhaps, to ex-
plain to the Senate the nature of this amendment.
In the act44 to provide for the better organization
of Indian affairs in California" there was a pro-
vision which authorized the Secretary of the In-
terior to take steps toward the appraisement of the
value of the improvements and settlements made
by certain persons upon certain reservations for
the Indians. There was a general provision in
it, however, that no contract made by him should
be valid, " nor any money paid thereon until upon
a report of said contract and of said valuation"
should be made " to Congress,"and the same ap-
proved, " and the money appropriated by law for
that p-urpose." The proposition is here to so
far modify the effect of this provision as to one of
the leservations, to wit, the Hoopa valley reserva-
tion, to make it an exception,and to authorize to
a certain extent, to the amount of $00,000, the
money to be appropriated if it be necessary by
the Secretary of the Interior upon the appraise-
ment of the surveyor general, the superintendent
of Indian affairs, and the Indian agent. All three
of these gentlemen are, I belie.ve, men of high
character and standing in California. Atallevents,
such is my information from the Senator from
California, [Mr. Conness.] Perhaps I should
state to the Senate that in the neighborhood of
this Hoopa valley an Indian war has been going
on for several years; almost a regiment of our
troops hae been kept there fighting these Indians;
and at last they have come to terms and are will-
ing *to keep the peace provided they can go at
once into this valley. For this reason there be-
comes a necessity for action, and the Committee
have thought proper to recommend the appropri-
ation.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
and it was read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Lloyd, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had non-concurred in the report of the
committee of conference upon the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No.
583) to amend the twenty-first section of an act
entitled "An act to define the pay and emoluments
of certain officers of the Army, and for other pur-
poses," insisted on its non-concurrence in the
amendments of the Senate to the bill, asked a
further conference thereon, and had appointed
Mr. R. C. Schexck of Ohio, Mr. T. E. Wood-
bridge of Vermont, and Mr. J. Ganson of New
York, managers at the conference on its part.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills; and they were thereupon signed by the
Vice President;
A bill (S. No. 385) authorizing the President
to appointa Second Assistant Secretary of War;
and
A bill (8. No. 402) to repeal an act entitled j
<f An act to remove the United States arsenal from i
the city of St. Louis and to provide for the sale !
of the lands on which the same is located." |
indian reservation's in washington. j
On motion of Mr. DOOLITTLE, the bill (EX. >
R. No. 624) to provide for the payment of the
value of certain lands and improvements of pri- !
vate citizens appropriated by the United States
for Indian reservations in the Territory of Wash-
ington was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to appropriate $18,611 62,,
or so much thereof as may be necessary, for the
purpose of paying for the lands and improve-
ments of private citizens taken and appropriated
by order of the Department of the Interior for
Indian reservations and uses in the Territory of
Washington; and the claims thus provided for
are to be allowed and paid in such manner and
upon such proofs of the value of the property as
snail be prescribed by the Secretary of the In-
terior.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed,
POTTAWATOMIE INDIANS OF MICHIGAN.
On morion of Mr. DOOLITTLE, the joint res-
olution (H. 11. No. 38) directing the Secietary of
the Interior to pay to the Chippewa, Ottawa, and
Pottawatomie Indians residing in Michigan the
sum of §192.850, was considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. \
The joint resolution as passed*by the House
of Representatives proposed to d£rect the Secre-
tary of the Interior to pay to the Chippewa, Ot^
tawa,and Pottawatomie Indians residingin Micjp?*
igan, the sum of $192,850, being the amount £f
annuities and moneys erroneously paid tO|Jne
main tribes of Chippewa, Ottawa^ and Pottawat-
omie Indians, of Pottawatomie n^ion of Indians,
which belonged to the portions oifthose tr^ies re-
siding in the State of Michigan; f|ie payment to
be made out of any moneys or stocks iiow in the
possession or under the control ^f the United
States Government belonging to the Chippewa,
Ottawa, and Pottawatomie Indians, or Pottawat-
omie nation of Indians.
The joint resolution had been reported by the
Committee on Indian Affairs with amendments,
the first of which was to strike out §192,850,"
and insert " $50,927 50," in five equal annual
payments of $10,185 50 each, to be paid to them
pro rata, severally, in the State of Michigan, by
the Indian agent appointed for that State.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Upon thisiummdmentper-
haps 1 can just as well explain as at any other
stage what this joint resolution is, and what is
its effect. It does not affect the United States or
the Treasury of the United States, but it is a set-
tlementof claims between different portions of the
same original tribe of Indians. This tribe of In-
dians in 1833 made a treaty at Chicago in which
they sold all their lands west of Lake Michigan
and south of Lake Michigan, and in consideration
of the sale took five million acres west of the
Mississippi, and also some annuities which were
provided for ni that treaty, and there were with
this Indian tribe several other treaties existing
before that time.
When the treaty of 1833 came to be signed so
as to be binding on the tribe, there was a portion
of the bands lesiding in Michigan who were un-
willing to sign the treaty because they were un-
willing to remove from Michigan and go with the
Indians west of the Mississippi, and they put their
objection on the ground of their religious creed.
They were Catholics* and thrydesitcd not to go
with the other members of the tribe, but to remain
in Michigan; and there was an additional stipu-
lation made the n*xt day after the signing of the
treaty by which it was agreed thai they might
remove to the northern part of the State of Michi-
gan to a place called I'Arbre Croche or Crooked
Tree, where it was expected that they would min-
gle with a small band of Catholic Indians, and
there, if they removed to that place, they might
be permitted to receive their share of the annui-
ties paid under all former treaties, and under the
treaty for the sale of their own reservations in
Michigan. These Indians went to 1'Arbre
Croche, but for some reason did not remain there.
Either they did not like the country, or for some
other reason, they came back, and with some
money that had been paid to Pokagon, one of the
chiefs, they purchased some land near a lake in
Michigan called Pokagon lake, and they settled
there on lands which were puichased from the
United State,s, and have remained there ever since.
After some years had elapsed, application was
mode to Mr, Crawford, Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, through the superintendent at Detroit,
Mr. Stuart, to make some allowance to these
