1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
92#
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The effect of that amend-
ment, as I understand it, would be not to pay'the
Michigan Indians for the annuities which they
ought to have received underthe construction we
give to the treaty, but to authorize them from this
lime forward to take their share of those annuities
and also their share of the proceeds of the lands
west.
Mr. HARLAN. So far as they are payable
in money to the members of the tribe.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Ithinkthattheprovision
reported by the committee is the best, all things
considered. I differ from my friend from Iowa.
He stated a short time since that he did not think
there was anything due to these Indians, and I
understand the ground on which he rests that
opinion to be that technically these Indians in
Michigan did not comply with that provision of
the treaty which required them to remove to
1 ■'Arbre Croche, in the northern part of the penin-
sula. The facts upon that subject are such that
you may say that technically they did not com-
ply with that provision of the treaty; but the ma-
jority of the committee were of opinion that inas-
much as these Indians were permitted to remain
in Michigan, to purchase and take the title of
lands from the United States, and to reside there
in Michigan all this time without any objection
on the part of the United States, or any attempt
to compel their removal, there was a substantial
waiver of this requirement of their removing to
the northern part of the peninsula of Michigan;
and the Commissioner of Indian Affairs in a let-
ter which he wrote to Mr. Stuart takes that ground
substantially. In his letter is contained the pre-
cise language of that treaty provision:
"And as since the signing of the treaty a part of the band
residing on liie reservations in the Tenitoiy of Michigan
have icquested, ori account ot their religious ciced, per-
mission to remove to the northern part of the peninsula of
Michigan, it is agieed that, in case of such removal, the
just proportion ot all annuities payable to them under former
treaties, and that arising fiomthe sale of the reservation
on which they nowieside, shall be paid them at i'Arbre
Croche."
After quoting this article, the Commissioner
goes on to say:
" By the tenor of this article it would seem that their
claim is well founded, and that they are entitled to their
numencai proportion of those annuities payable to the tribe
under the tieaty of 1829, and also under the supplementary
aiucleofthc treaty ofl833, amountingtogetherto§18,000."
The language of the provision is their "just
proportion of all annuities payable to them under
former treaties.M He by mistake in looking into
these treaties only saw one, the treaty of 1829,
when in fact there were various treaties existing.
There was the treaty of 1800; the treaty of 1795,
giving them $1,000 forever annually; the treaty
of 1809, giving them $500; the treaty of 1S18, giv-
ing them $2,500; that of 1828, $2,000; that of 1829,
$1,600; and there were also treaties with limited
annuities, some having five, eight, twelve, six-
teen, and eighteen years to run; there were the
treaties of 1821, 1826, 1828, three in 1832, and
one in 1833, besides the one which he included.
Although the Commissioner admitted the just-
ness of the principle upon which they claimed
their share to the proportion of the annuities, he
did not raise the question with these Indians and
say to them, " You did not remove out of Mich-
igan. " He did not say " You have notcomplied
with the treaties on your part." The Indians
did in fact, or a considerable portion of them, go
up to i'Arbre Croche, but came back, and, as I
slated some time since, purchased lands from the
United States—Pokagon did purchase lands of
the United States and take a title in fee simple by
patent like other purchasers—and have ever since
lived on these lands, remaining in Michigan.
The difference between my friend from Iowa
and myself on that subject is that he thinks they
have not complied with the treaty by removing
to the northern part of Michigan, and therefore
technically they have no claim to any part of this
money; but I think there has been a substantial
waiver on the part of the Government of the strict
fulfillmentof the letter of the treaty which required
them to go to I'Arbre Croche, and that, there-
fore, in justice wc ought to allow them their share
of money annuities, but not give them a share of
the proceeds of the five million acres, or of the
agricultural fund, or the mill fund west.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, I have no
doubt that my friend, the honorable Senator from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Doolittle,] intended to state
my views correctly. I prefer, however, to state
them myself In the first place,these Indians, if
they were to remove at this time west, and unite
with their tribe, as was originally intended, would
at once be reinstated to all their rights as mem-
bers of the tribe. That they are not now receiv-
ing the full amount of money which would be
due to any equal number of Indians of that tribe
is their own fault. If they were to remove west,
and unite with their brethren, they would at once
be reinstated, and enjoy all the rights as members
of the tribe.
To understand this subject it is necessary to
consider a number of treaties, some of them made
with separate bands or smaller tribes of what is
now called the Pottawatomie nation of Indians,
perhaps ten or a dozen in all, extending over a
long period of time. The last treaty on this sub-
ject was ratified in 1836. By virtue of these
treaties it was made obligatory on the Indians to
remove to their new homes west of the Missouri
river. In a supplemental article,however, it was
stipulated that a band of Indians supposed to in-
clude some of these claimants might receive their
proportion of the annuities in the north of Michi-
gan. If, therefore, they had moved west of the
Missouri river they would have received their
proportion of the annuities and also of lands at
their new homes; and if they declined to move
west, and removed to the north of Michigan, they
would have received their proportion of annuities,
but no lands. These Indians did neither. It is
not claimed that they went west. But it is alleged
that they did go north. The testimony, however,
does not satisfy me that they did thus remove.
It is true that some of them went up to the upper
end of the peninsula about the period when a pay-
ment was to be made, and immediately after the
payment returned to their former homes. They
never made a substantial compliance with the pro-
vision of the treaty, never attempted to settle and
live at the new place indicated in the supplemental
article of the treaty allowing them to share in the
annuities payable to members of this tribe if they
did not move west of the Missouri river. Then,
as I think, they have no right to claim anything
under the treaty.
In the next place I inquire, is it politic to dis-
regard this condition of the treaty? What was
the object of the Federal Government in making
a treaty with these Indians? There were doubt-
less two objects: one was to procure lands for
white settlers; another was to improve the con-
dition of the Indians, to place them in such sit-
uation that they might avail themselves of the
advantages of instruction in the arts of civilized
society. These Indians, in refusing to go west,
came in direct conflict with the policy of the Gov-
ernment; and if we depart from this condition in
this case the effect will be, so far as Indians are
supposed to take notice of the policy of the Gov-
ernment, and to be influenced by it, to encourage
all other Indians that may make treaties with
the United States to refuse to comply with this
essential and vital part of their contract; it will
encourage them to adhere to their old homes, to
refuse to give up the land ceded to the Federal
Government, and to refuse to go to the new res-
ervations indicated in their treaties, thus overturn-
ing the settled policy of the Government, render-
ing it powerless in the future to execute Indian
treaties.
But in the next place, it is proper that the
Senate should observe before voting on this prop-
osition that these are not the only Indians that
rightfully belong to this tribe who have refused
to comply with this feature of their treaty obliga-
tions. There are several hundreds of them living
in the State of Wisconsin receiving no annuities.
There are hundreds more of them that are va-
grants scattered about in the Territories, some of
whom have united with other bands of Indians,
and ignored their rights as members of this par- i
ticular tribe, and are for the time being receiving
pay, clothing, and food as members of other |
tribes, some of them perhaps an amount equal to j
what they would receive as members of this tribe,
and others of them much less. If we pass this !
bill diverting a portion of the annuities from the !
main tribe, and paying them to the Indians in i
Michigan, next year we may and probably will j
be called upon to make a similar diversion in fa- j
vorof thelndians in Wisconsin. Neitherof these j
bands of Indians has complied with the provis- {
ions of the treaty. If you waive this condition
in favorofthe Michigan Indians, can you decline
it when demanded by their brethren in Wiscon-
sin or elsewhere ? This claim and all such ori-
ginate with claim agents who are hanging about
the capital, and embracing every available oppor-
tunity to prey on the Treasury or on claimants
who are so unfortunate as to fall into their hands.
They learn of some pretext for a claim, then
contract with the Indians fur fifteen or twenty or
fifty per cent, of all that may be recovered, and
then bring to bear all the arts and appliances
known to this profession. Success in one, case
stimulates efforts in others. Grant the demand
m this case, and you will be overwhelmed with
similar demands. It will open avast field foe
enterprising claim agents. Hundreds of vagrant
bands of Indians have equal claims for consider-
ation. This is the initiatory case.
The Federal Government has never heretofore
waived a condition of a treaty requiring the In-
dians to remove in a solitary instance. In this
case these Indians were permitted the option of
going west or north under the treaty and supple-
mental treaty; they might go west with the main
tribe, settle with them, and enjoy all the privileges
of members of the tribe, or they might go noith
and settle with Indians who were then living in
that part of Michigan, and if they went north
they were to receive theirjustproportion of all an-
nuities, but no lands. These Indians did neither;
they neither went west, nor did they move north
and unite with the Indian tribes living in that
vicinity.
Then having complied with neither of these
provisions, having forfeited their rights under the
treaties, they come in here by an attorney and
demand that the Federal Government shall go
back to the year 1836, twenty-nine years, and
ascertain the aggregate of all annual payments to
which they would have been entitled if they hud
complied with the provisions of the treaty. In
nearly all civilized communities there are statutes
of limitation that bar debts overdue for a specified
period; but here are a poor, defenseless tribe of
Indians for whom this Government is guardian,
who have complied with all their treaty stipula-
tions, and have received from" the Government
from year to year the annuities due them from the
Government. They have received this money
from year to year for a period of nearly thirty
years, when a fragmentary band of their breth-
ren who never did comply with their treaty obli-
gations demand that the law-abiding portion shall
disgorge in their favor. Nothing could be more
unjust, and nothing could be more clearly in con-
flict ygth the settled policy of the Govcrnmentas
well as in conflict with the usages of civilized
communities in relation to the payment of old
debts. Six or eight years would bar such a sup-
posed debt between members of civilized society;
but here the claim being made by civiiized In-
dians, aided by astute attorneys, against savages,
you are asked to ignore this principle in a case
nearly thirty years old.
It is said by the chairman of the committee
that the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, in the
year 1843, did direct that a portion of these an-
nuities should be paid to these Michigan Indians.
That is true, but there is no evidence justifying
the conclusion that this was the result of careful
investigation. It was recommended by the su-
perintendent of Indian affairs in the Northwest,
then living at Detroit, I believe, that some pro-
vision should be made for these Indians in Michi-
gan. I doubt not that an appeal was made to the
humanity of that superintendent. They were
probably destitute of food and raiment, and it be-
came necessary to make some provision for them,
and he recommended to the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs at Washington city that something
should be allowed them; and under that state of
facts, on that suggestion of the supenntendent,
without any investigation, as far as the commit-
tee knows, the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
did order that a certain sum should be paid an-
nually, of about fifteen hundred dollars, I think,
and that has been regulaily paid from that time
to the present. This, it may be claimed, was a
waiver on the part of the Federal Government;
but it only can be maintained to be a waiver to
the extent that it was waived, and that was to the
amount of §1,500 a year, and to commence in
1843, Thia bill, however, proposes to overturn
