1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
159
assumed to set the negro soldier free, they may
justly assume to set free the family of the negro
soldier. That, Mr. President, is a mode of argu-
ment that never satisfies my mind; because a thing
has been assumed to be done, therefore it has
rightly been assumed. What I would like is for
some friend of this measure, before it passes this
body, to show me upon what principle the Con-
gress of the United States have the authority to
pass the measure, where they derive that author-
ity. Do not tell me that it is absolutely necessary,
because there are as many and perhaps more men
in this country who believe that it is not neces-
sary as there are who believe it is. Do not tell
me that humanity demands it, because, perhaps,
there are more men in this country who believe
that your policy is injurious and ruinous to the
negro race than believe it to be advantageous.
1 deny, Mr. President, that the Congress of the
United States has the power to give freedom
either to the negro soldier or to the family of the
negro soldier. I say that we have not the power,
and no nation has the power, as an act of war, to
capture slaves. If they do capture them, and put
their own uniform upon them, I deny that it is a
rightful capture, or that the right is sustained by
international law. Upon this subject we have a
record, and it may be well to see what that record
is. 1 know that there is an example in history
where the attempt was made. I know it was
fruitless then; I do not believe that it will be very
availing for any practical or useful purpose now.
1 know that there is an example for it which has
been recorded by Mr. Bancroft in his History of
the United States. Mr. Bancroft thus refers to
the proceedings, in 1775, of the last royal Governor
of Virginia:
<f Encouraged by the most trifling success, Duninore
raised the king's flag and, publishing a proclamation which
lie had signed on the 7th of November, he established mar-
tial law, required every person capable of" bearing arms to
resoit to Ihn standard under penalty of forfeiture of life and
propet ly, and declared freedom to' all indented servants,
negroes, orothersappertaimng to rebels' if they 'would join
for tho leduemg the colony to a proper sense of its duty.'
The effect of tins invitation to convicts and slaves to rise
against their masters was not limited to their ability to serve
in the army. 'I hope,' said Dunmore, < it will oblige the
rehels to disperse, to take care of their families and prop-
erty.' At Dtmmore's proclamation a thrill of indignation
ran through Virginia, effacing all differences of party, and
routing one strong, impassioned puipose to drive away the
indolent power by which it had been put forth."
Mr. President, has it not proved the fact that since
the Federal Executive and the Congress of the
United States have adopted the policy which now
seems to govern them, you abolished all distinc-
tion of party among the people with whom you
are at war? Have you not united them? Has
not the practical result of your policy been the
same as the practical result of Lord Dunmore's?
4t But in truth the cry of Dunmore did not arouse among
the, Africans a passion for freedom. For the bondage in
Virginia was not a lower condition of being than their for-
mer one; they had no regrets for ancient privileges lost;
their meiiioiies prompted no demand for political changcs ;
no snuggling aspirations of their own had invited Dunmore's
interposition; no niemonal of these grievances had pre-
ceded ins oflors. None combined to join him front a long-
ing for an unproved condition or even from ill will to their
mastoid*'—Bancroft's History of the United States, vol. 8,
page 2,23.
While, therefore, there has been an example
* for measures of this kind and even in our own
history, it was an example without profit, an ex-
ample which has met with the condemnation of,
1 think I can safely say, every historian the coun-
try has produced, and until a very recent date met
with the condemnation of every man, woman, and
child acquainted with the example within the lim-
its of the country.
But, Mr. President, while the example as a fact
exists, I deny that, as a matter of law, you can
give fieedom to the families of these negroes, or
even to the negro soldier himself. I deny that
you have any right to capture and to carry away
the negro slaves, and especially in States where
they are being carried off which have never re-
volted. I refer to the opinion of John Ctuincy
Adams upon this subject; and as much of the
doctrine that we have nowadays comes from the
Commonweal th of Massachusetts, it is weil enough
to see what were the opinions of one of Massa-
chusetts' ablest statesmen. 1 quote from Whea-
ton's Law of Nations, by Lawrence, pages 495,
496:
" In the discussions, however, leading to the reference,
as well as before the aibiter, the principle was maintained
by the United States that the 4 emancipation of enemy's
slaves is not among the acts of legitimate warfare.' (Mr.
Adams to Mr. llu>li, at London. July 7, 1820.) And in the
instructions from the same Secretary of State to Mr. Mid
dleton, at St. Petersburg, October 18, 1820, it is said, < the
British have broadly asserted the right of emancipating
slaves, private property, as a legitimate right of war.' No
such right is acknowledged as a law of war by writers who
admit any limitation. The right of putting to death all pris-
oners in cold blood, and without special cause, might as
well be pretended to be a law of war, or the right to u«e
poisoned weapons, or to assassinate."—MS. Papers of J.
<£. Jldams cited in Law Reporter, June, 1862, page 485.
That was the law in 1820, as understood by Mr.
Adams in his instructions to our ministers at for-*
eign courts. It was the law as understood by the
Federal Administration at that time, and it meets
the question boldly and distinctly, and denies that
one nation being at war with another has any
right to capture negroes, private property. A de-
mand was made upon the British Government for
compensation, and allowed, adjudged to us by
the arbitrator, the Emperor of Russia. The same
doctrine is found ori page 611 of the same author;
" And as it has sometimes been attempted to impeach the
authority of these State papeis, by their supposed repug-
nance to opinion subsequently expressed in debate by Mr.
Adams, while a Representative m Congress, (Congressional
Globe, 1841-42, volume two, page 429,) it may not be irrele-
vant to refer to his dispatches fiom London, the spirit of
which fully accords with the instructions to Mr. Middle-
ton. In one to the Secretary of State, dated August 22,
1815, speaking of the conferences at Ghent, he s,ays : < Our
object was the restoration of all property, including slaves,
which by the usages of war among civilized nations ought
not to have been taken. We considered the proclamations
issued by British officers as deviations from the usages of
war. We believed thatthe British Government itself would,
when the hostile passions arising from the state of war
should subside, consider them in the same light, and that
Great Britain would then be willing to restore the property,
or to indemnify the sufferers for its loss.' (American State
Papers, volume four, page 117, tolio edition. See al-o note
to Lord Cast leroagh, August 9,1815, Hid., page 115 ) Fur-
thermore, not only was the slave indemnity convention of
November 13, 1826, negotiated m the Presidency ol Mr. J.
Q,. Adams, but inductions to propose to Great Britain a
convention tor the surrender of fugitive slaves were given
by his Secretary of State, Mi. Clay, successively to Mr.
Gallatin, and to Mr. Barbour.
I cite these authorities to show what were the
opinion of these great men, not only in reference
to the authority of Congress under the Constitu-
tion, but in reference to the rights pertaining to a
state of war.
But, Mr. President, we have even earlier au-
thority than that which I have cited, to show what
•was the judgmentof the founders of the Republic
in reference to a state of war, and in reference to
the power which one belligerent had as against
another to take away slaves or private property.
On page 1017 of the fourth part of Lawrence's
"Wheaton, 1 find this:
" A report was made to the old Congress by Mr. Jay, as
Secretary for Foreign Affair*, February 28, 1786, m ref-
eience to the violation or non-fulfillment by Great Britain
of the treaty of 17«3. Among the matters specially enu-
merated is the carrying off of negroes.^ While he lails to
contend for including m the tuuns of the treaty such as
were in the course ot the war captured and disposed of as
booty, acts which Mr. J. Q.. Adam* regarded as contrary
to the usages of war among civilized nations, ho insists on
the validity of our claim, not only as to such negroes as re-
mained with and belonged to American inhabitants within
the British lines, but also as to those who, confiding in
proclamations and piomises of freedom and protection, fled
tiom their masters without, and were received and pro-
tected within the British camps and lines. The latter, he
thinks, are clearly comprehended in the article, bccause
they remained as much as ever the property of their mas-
ters. ' They could not,5 he said, ' by merely flying or
eloping, extinguish the right or title of their masters, nor
was. that title destroyed by their coming into the enemy's
possession, for they \\ ere received, not taken by the enemy;
they were received not as t-laves, but as triends and lree-
nien; by no act, therefore, either of then own or of their
friends, was the light ot their mn«ter< taken away; so that
being the property of Ameiicau inhabitants, it was an in-
fraction ot the seventh article ot the treaty to carry them
away.' "
It will be observed, Mr. President, that I oppose
this measure, both on grounds of policy and hu-
manity , and as repugnant to the Constitution of the
United States and the laws of war. The policy
which we have adopted in reference to this class
of people was repudiated by one of the greatest
generals that ever lived. I invite the attention of
the Senate to the remark of Napoleon as to what
was his policy when he entered Russia; I quote
from Lawrence's Wheaton, part four, page 1018:
"in the answer of the emperor to the address of the Sen-
ate, on his letuin fiom iltHsia, December, 1812, the very
wise policy of not embittering the quarrel with Alexander
was visibly manifested. ' The war which [carry on, said
Napoleon, 'is a political war. I have undertaken it with-
out ammoMty, and I would have wished to spate to Eussia
the evils which she has brought upon herself. I could have
armed against her a part of her population by proclaiming
the liberty of the serfs. A great number of villages asked
it of me, but I refused to avail myself of a measure which
would have devoted to death thousands of families.'
Thiers, Histoire du Consulat et de I'JSmpire, tome 15, p. 168.
Sir, in this day of much-boasted enlightenment,
in the nineteenth century, and among the people
of the United States, a policy which was abhor-
rent to the feelings of the great military chieftain
of Europe has been adopted. But it may not be
improper to cite in this connection the opinion
of another great military chieftain, for whom the
people of this whole country express and enter-
tain a most profound respect. 1 have called for
the authority for the passage of this measure. I
shall be answered, if answered at all, that hu-
manity demands it, and that necessity demands
it. These are doctrines of modern origin, how-
ever. Although not a very old man, 1 am too
old to recognize them. I would rather have au-
thority than have conjecture. General Scott,
who has lately published his autobiography, has
expressed his opinion as to the authority of Con-
gress to interfere with slaves in the States. He
adds no limitations, no qualifications. He does
not consider the question whether humanity de-
mands it, or whether absolute necessity demands
it, but he expresses his opinion clearly and boldly
in reference to the constitutional authority, and
here it is. On page 372 of the second volume of
Scott's Autobiography I find this:
" I suppose I scarcelyneed say that, in my opinion, Con-
gress has no color of authority, under the Constitution, for
touching the relation of master and slave within a State."
I should not feel it necessary to support opin-
ions so clear by references to military authority,
when we have expositors of the Constitution of
the United States and judicial decisions to tell us
what that instrument means, was it not for the
fact that14 military necessity" is invoked for this
measure as well as for every kindred measure.
Then presuming that the ablest as well as the
oldest general in the country, notwithstanding
what he is said to have written on the fly leaf of
a copy of his own autobiography, knew as much
about " military necessity" as any of us, I have
taken the liberty of referring to his opinionsvery
recently expressed by himself.
Mr. President, I shall not pursue this question.
I have very clearly-defined opinions as to the
policy of this species of legislation. I have very
clearly-defined opinions as to the constitutional
authority of Congress to pass it. Not subscribing
to the doctrinc that I derive my authority as a
le^'tslatorfrom a consideration of what I may deem
absolutely necessary, and believing that 1 do not
derive that authority from any supposed principle
of humanity, but am bound in my action to be
governed by the Constitution of the country,
which is the bond of union, the bond by the pres-
ervation of which only can the Union be restored,
if it shall ever be restored, 1 could not allow this
measure to pass without the brief presentation of
my views which I have made. I believe, sir, that
when the future historian shall calmly and coolly
survey the history of the great struggle between
opposing sections of the country, and shall assign
for the consideration of those who are to come
after us the most embarrassing; cause operating
against the restoration of the Federal Union, he
will say it is this species of legislation. It is a
species of legislation which in the early days of
this contest scarcely any member of this body
avowed himself to be in favor of. It is a species
of legislation which the President of the United
States himself m his inaugural message did not
dare to announce his approval of.
One suggestion further. 1 will state, not dis-
cuss it. Suppose you attract by your specious
, but false promises a slave in any seceded State to
your standard; suppose he enters your Army
under the promise that he and his wife and chil-
dren shall forever be free, and is leeaptuied: what
is his legal status and condition? By the jus post-
liminii he is a slave, the slave of his former mas-
ter. Your promise of absolute freedom is a delu-
sion. Be honest. Awaken not hopes that you
know must be disappointed.
I hope that, though the fires of civil war are still
blazing, it is not too late now for us to retrace to
some extent the steps we have taken in our legis-
lative policy, and that in future, knowing that
that policy has failed to subserve any great prac-
tical or beneficial result heretofore, we shall feel
disposed to try a different policy. That hope I
