926
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
this decision and to go back seven years to 1836,
and to enlarge the amount from the whole period
intermediate between 1836 to the present, and
thence to the end of time.
The amendment that I propose will not unsettle
what the Commissioner of Indian Affairs lias
done, but wdi increase the amount from the date
of the passage of this bill, by putting these In-
dians, now residing in Michigan, on an equal
fooling with their brethren residing in Kansas so
far as annual payments in money are concerned;
and this is all which in my judgment thev have
a right to expect. They have nota right to claim
that we shall now make a waiver ofthe condi-
tions of then-treaties, which will reach back thirty
years and give them what they would have been
entitled to if they had complied with their part
of the contract.
I confess that there is another consideration
that weighs on my mind somewhat, and that is
that 1 do notdoubt thata large partof this money
will not inure to the benefit of these Indians.
The claim has been fished up by attorneys and
claim agents, who, it is said, and as I believe,
have contracts with these Indians for fees that
will absorb a very large part of the amount pro-
posed to be paid. I do not propose by any vote
of mine to encourage any such profession. From
the facts that come to my knowledge, 1 think the
agents for the Indians in Kansas and the agents
for the Indians in Alichigan ha\e combined their
interests, and are all now in favor of tins measure.
I think they have entered into a contract to divide
the spoils between themselves; and hence, if the
resolution should be recommitted I do not think
there will be any just representation of the Kan-
sas Indians.
I propose to treat these Indians as we have been
treating all the Indian tribes under the control of
the Federal Government from the beginning, to
requne them to comply with the condition's of
their treaties; but if we make a waiver, to !et that
waiver affect them from the date at which it is
made and to the extent to which it is made.
These Indians are civilized to some extent, and
perhaps will be as well off or better off remaining
in Michigan than they wouid be in Kansas. 1
am willing to allow them from this time forward
to draw their full proportion of all payments now
being mada in money to this tribe, but I cannot
go further than this.
1 ought, 1 think, to suggest that perhaps this
measure is of doubtful policy. These are civil- |
ized Indians, and on that account their presence j
witii tlie ti ibe wouid be advantageous to the wilder j
members of the tribe, and hence the Federal Gov- !
ernment has an interest in requiring thes«cml-
ized Indians to go and live with their brethren.
Mr. RAMSEY. Perhaps they will turn sav-
ages if you send them ^>ut there.
Mr. HARLAN. Some men think so, but I
do not. 1 believe the influences of civilized com- ■
munities are stronger than those of savage com- I
niunities; 1 believe that Christianity is stronger !
in its influences than paganism; and that civil- !
ized Indians living with other Indians would at I
least have a strong tendency to coriect their evil j
passions and habits, and tend to qualify them for i
the enjoyments of civilized society. "We have, j
ill fact, a direct interest m requiring these civil- j
ized'and Christian Indians to go and live with I
their brethren; but if it is thought best not to in- |
sist on this condition now ] am willing to place !
them now in the same attitude that they would !
have occupied if they had gone west, as to the '
division of annuities hereafter to be paid. I can- !
not go farther than this. j'
Mr. HOWARD. I confess , sir, after hearing '
the Senator^ from Iowa denounce m such bitter '
language thiscluirn and the agents connected with |
it, that I entertain some fears that in venturing -
to speak a word in behalf of the Indians of Michi^ !
gan f too may attract his criticism and his per- ;
fionol reflections; but, sir, i must endeavor to do ]
my duty m this regard at whatever hazard, what- i
ever consequences. i
1 he question, Mr, President, before the Sen-
ate is not how many agents are connected with '
this chum, or what may be their character- not I
whether the Michigan Indians have sent here A
B, or C to prosecute their claim before Congress' i
or what the character of those agents may be*
The question we are to pass upon is the justice 1
or injustice of the claim itself; whether itbe sup- j
ported by principles of law and by treaties with
the Indian tribes and with these Michigan In-
dians, or whether there be no law and no treaty
for the claim to stand upon.
Now, sir, let me say to the honorable Senator
from Iowa, for whom I entertain a great respect,
that in reading the two treaties of September 26
and 27,1833, made at Chicago, he seems entirely
to have misapprehended their force and effect.
He speaks of the removal of these Indians as
being oneof the conditions of the treaty. Sir, that
is entirely a misapprehension, as 1 will show in a
moment. What was the state of facts in regard to
these several tribes of Indians known commonly
as the United nation? In 1833 the Pottawato-
mie's, Chippewas, and other tribes, now nnd then
consolidated under the title of the United nation,
owned a very considerable tract of land in Mich-
igan in the shape of reservations; they owned a
very large tract of land in the State of Illinois; ;
and on the 26th of September of that year a treaty
was entered into between these Indian tribes and
the United States by which the Indians ceded to |
the United States some five million acres of land I
lying in the State of Illinois. In this cession of I
land not only those Indians who are now called i
Kansas Indians, who have gone off and now re- j
side in Kansas, but also the Michigan Incflans,wcre :
interested as owners and occupants. For this ces-
sion of land in Illinois by these several tribes of
Indians the Government stipulated to pay Indian
tribes as a united nation certain annuities to a 1
very considerable amount; and in addition thereto ;
set apart and assigned to them a tract of land of
about five million acres, if I remember rightly,
west of the Mississippi river, lying in the State of ;
Missouri. Such was the bargain, such the quid
pro quo. The Indians sold their lands m Illinois ,
and their reservations in Michigan for these an- *
nuiues and for the land lying west of the Missis- '
sippi river. The Michigan Indians were parties
to this contract, because they were partand parcel
of the United nation; they were part of the In-
dian owners of the soil; they sold the interest
they held in the lands m common with the other
Indian occupants; and none of them entered into ;
any agreement by which they were to remove \
west of the Mississippi or elsewhere. The idea '
that their giant was made on the condition that .
they should remove out of Illinois is wholly a ■
misapprehension. The language ofthe treaty is
this:—I refer to the treaty of 2&th of September,
1833.' ;
^ ''And as it is the vis h of the Government uf the Urn tod
St.up«s that tii.3 fcaid nation of Imitate snould roinove to '
the country thus aligned to them as <-ooft a*. conveniently
can be done, and it is deemed advisable on the part o"f
their chiefs-uutl head men that n deputation s-hould visit the "
*-aid country west of thP Mississippi ond thin he a^-urr-d
that lull justice ha- been done, it hereby stipulated that :
tiie United States, will defray the expenses oi such denu- :
tation.'' ' -u
It was left optional with the Indians themselves 'j
whether they would go west and occupy that !
land or whether they would go somesvhero else, '
They entered into no stipulation, no covenant to i
remove to the west. They were as free to go to ;j
the east as to the west. They do not say they li
agree to go, butthe treaty says it is the wish of J
the Government of the United States" that they ;j
shall remove, not that they shall remove abso- h
lutely. It so happered that a large portion of \\
the Indians residing in Michigan were Christian i!
Indians; the most of them belonged to societies I!
or churches that had been established in the re- 'j
mote wilderness of Canada and the Northwest for 'I
a hundred years.^ They were the disciples ofthe j
Jesuit missionaries, the first Christian mission-
anes who visited those remote regions; they were |!
attached to their Catholic teachers; to the Catholic !
church; and they felt a natural reluctance to emi- i
grate and leave their old homes, the graves of their i
fathers and the altars at which they and their an- !
cestors had worshiped for so many generations, !
and seek their fortunes in the wild woods west of
the Mississippi; and in order to relieve them the
Commissioner snd the Indians on the very next <1
day, the 27th of September, entered into a sup- ;|
plumental treaty in which a specific provision is 'i
made fur the Indians ofMiclugan in the following ']
words: ° j[
" And as since the signing of the treaty '' 
That is, the treaty of the 26th of September, the i1
day previous— ;!
"Ant! as since the signing of the treaty a part of the band i (
residing on the roervaluuis in the Territory of Mu-biiran
hnvp rt quc-t'-d, mi aoeouut of their religion* crec il. porniia-
to remove to tin* noittiern pint <u iiic pcmiiMiia of
! Micmgati, it i- 'lutt. in of sucii n-movnl, the
, jiir-t |m>|)nrl!( i ot'ail .unmillc* p.n.ible to theni under tenner
: treaties, am! tb'it annuel hem Use s.tle nf the re-tr\Mli(tn
I on Hindi tney now reside, sh.ill !>e pjul them at i'Artiru
Cioene.''
j Such is one of the clauses in the supplemental
i treaty, pioviMonai in its nature, but in no sense
imperative upon the Indians. It simply gave to
that portion of the tribes who resided in Michigan
; the privilege of removing if th<*y saw fit tolho
; northern pint of the peninsula, to a place called
I'Arbre Croche, and residing there if they saw
! fit, oil account of their religious creed.
,i Now, sir, to ask a lawyer to pronounce the
!, clause I have pt.st read a " condition" of the
j treaty, or to give it such n construction as would
i make it imperative on these Indians to remove to
| I'Arbre Croche, seems tome to be a very greatab-
I surdity—I speak it with the utmost le&pect to my
! friend from Iowa. It simply extended to them a
j privilege; they mi ht go and reside there if they
I saw fit; and if they did go there, then their just
proportion, for tins is the language of the treaty,
" their just proportion of the annuities" should be
] paid to them at I'Aibre Croche. It was simply
i changing the place of the payment of the amount
| which was justly due to them from the place
1 where it otherwise would have been made to
1 I'Arbre Croche. Such manifestly is the sole effect
\ of tin's clause m the treaty.
j I dislike, Mr. President, at this late hour of the
: day, to spend more time in consideration of this
; subject, and I will close by saying that the money
j which these Indians now ask for is their share
: of the purchase price of the land of which they
! were the owners in common with the restof their
j tribe, and of the price of the reservations they
j sold in Michigan; that is the priceof their interest
in their resetvauons, in the five million acres of
land they sold lying within the limits of Illinois,
| for which they have nevei received one dollar; and
j how gentlemen can rise here and say these men,
, who were once the owners of trie land, and who
| claim nothing but their share of the purchase price
; of the land, are entitled to nothing, is more than I
j can understand.
j Sir, in order to make this claim odious, and all
j persons connected with it odious, the honorable
! Senator from Iowa, utterly ignorant of the char-
acter of the Michigan Indians, assumes to call
; them vagi on ts and vagabonds of the earth. Let
me ask thet honorable Senator, if it shall ever
happen to fall in his way, to enter one of the
hum hie d we!!ifigs of these Michigan Indians, and
ho will find there a household as orderly, as in-
dustrious, as submissive to the laws, and' as anx-
ious to build up snd uphold all the interests of
society as most white men. They live by their
own industry ond the sweat of their brow; their
own hands procuie tor them the livelihood they
enjoy; they are almost all of them voters under
the constitution of my State; and it seems to me
a little hard that after depuvmi^ them of the price
of their lands and the money win'"1!* has been hon-
estly due to them for so long a time, they should
be denounced here as variants and vagabonds.
Sir, they have waited patently for the justice
which they now a^k; ihey are not clamoious
even now; they are poor, and many of them ig-
norant; but they have not yet forgotten that they
are subject to a country famous for its justice as
Wtll as its power. It is not the Michigan In-
dians, let me say to you, that htue redth ned the
fields and the thrpshoid of the pioneer and settler
with the blood ofthe inmates. Thev have been
guiity of no crnne against either the Govei nment
or individuals. They are Christianized, civilized;
and it is entirely unjust to charge them with being
vagrants and vagabonds
T. o conclude, then > Mr, President, for I will not
detain theSenate, here is h chum wlueh, although
ancient, has been prosecuted dihgenilv and kept
alive by the claimants It is nothing more than
for the proper proportion of the purchase money
due to the Miehii^n Indians fur the lands they
have sold to the United Stairs, a pi oportion plainly
recognized as being due to them by an express
article in the treaty of September 27, 1833, and
it seems to rue little less than pettifogging and
quibbling to pretend that because, after removing
to I'Arbre Croche, and finding it impossible to
subsist there on account of the sterility of the
