1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE/
' 927
soil and the severity of the climate, they returned
to their old homes, they have forfeited their just
claim to their share of that purchase money for
their land. Sir, would my honorable friend from
Iowa go into a court of equity and set up such a
defense as he here interposes,*in reply to a claim
for the purchase money of land which his client
should have sold ? Would he insist that because
the party did not happen to be at the particular
place where it was to be paid he had therefore
forfeited it? Sir, if you sue a party upon a note
payable at a particular place, he cannot set up by
way of defense of the claim that it was not pre-
sented at the place where it fell due. The hon-
orable Senator from Iowa knows quite well that
such is not the law. The place of payment may
be a matter of convenience to the maker of the
note, but it is no answer to a suit upon the note
upon the merits that it was not presented at the
place where it fell due. It may affect the question
of costs, but it is no answer to the claim upon the
merits; and this is precisely the case in the matter
now before us.
Mr. POMEROY. I understand the directques-
tion before the Senate to be on the amendment
moved by the Senator from Iowa. I cannot sup-
poit that amendment, and I think it strange that
it should be offered by him. He has told the
Senate that these Michigan Indians have no claim
whatever, and yet his amendment goes on to put
them upon an equal footing with the Indians in
my State for all time to come. I am willing, and
1 think the Indians in my State would be willing,
to settle with the Michigan Indians and pay them
what has been due to them in the past. I think
the report of the committee as it has been amended
will be satisfactory. The joint resolution as it
came from the House proposed to give these Mich-
igan Indians$192,000. Our Indians were alarmed
at that proposition; they thought it was entirely
too large. That would give the Michigan Indians
an equal participation in everything. The bene-
fits that have accrued to this tribe in conscquence
of the removal, evidently the Michigan Indians
should not enjoy; nor should they have a share
m the increased value of the Indian lands in my
State, for they have not been there. The propo-
sition of the committee of the Senate to give the
Michigan Indians $50,000 for their proportion of
what was due under some former treaties is not
so objectionable as the proposition of the Senator
from Iowa, which is to give them an equal benefit
in the sale of the lands in the future, and in all the
money annuities; and he proposes to putupon that
equal footing with our Indians those who, he
says, have not a shadow of a claim.
Mr. HARLAN. I know the Senator from
Kansas does not intend to misrepresent the posi-
tion 1 have taken.
Mr. POMEROY. I speak of it as I under-
stand it; perhaps I do not understand it.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator does substan-
tially somewhat, but not entirely, understand it.
If the amendment I propose shallnot be adopted,
and the joint resolution shall pass as amended by
the Indian Committee, these Indians will in that
case receive a much larger annuity than they are
now receiving; they will receive their proportion
of all annuities. The amendment I propose will
give them something more than this from year to
year hereafter.
Mr. POMEROY. That is what I object to.
Mr. HARLAN. My amendment will give
them their proportion of the amount paid in
money, but nothing of the land or what goes for
the support of the millers, &c.
Mr. POMEROY. It is known that the Indians
in my State have a very large and valuable tract
of land, and the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa allows the Michigan Indians to participate
equally with our Indiana in the benefits of that
land.
Mr. HARLAN. Notatall. Myamendment
merely allows them to share in the proceeds of
land heretofore sold and now drawing interest
from year to year.
Mr. POMEROY. But placing the Michigan
Indians on the same footing with our Indians
makes them part and parcel of every payment
that is made, not only to-day but in the future.
There is ho escape from it. I will not detain the
Senate, as I see that everybody is anxious to vote
on this question, and it is merely a question be-
tween two fragments of a tribe of Indians how
a settlement between them shall be effected. I
should have resisted the resolution as it came
from the House of Representatives, paying the
Michigan Indians $192,000, but as it has been
before the committee a year, and they have made
a kind of amicable adjustment, and settled upon
$50,000, I would rather pass the resolution as it
now stands; and it is better for the Indians in
my State than to pass a measure which will make
the Michigan Indians equal with ours for all time
to come, and I prefer to sustain, the report of the
committee rather than this new amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Iowa. I think the
adjustment of the matter made in this report by
the committee is nearer equity at least. Exact
justice we shall never get, but this approximates
toward it,and I think we ought to stand by it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. My colleague differs
with me entirely as to the desire of the Kansas
Indians. I have seen them, or their agent, re-
cently, and they claim that they do not owe a
dollar, and that it is an outrage to permit one dol-
lar to be taken from their funds and paid to the
Michigan Indians.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know what their
agents here may say, but I was in the tribe last
fall and stopped at the St. Mary's Mission, and
conversed with Bourassa and those old men who
knew all about this matter, and they were will-
ing to compromise the matter and pay some-
thing. I do not know what these agents may
say; I have not seen one of them.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I speak of the Indians
themselves, and I say they have an abhorrencc
to having a dollar taken from them and paid to
the Michigan Indians. They claim, as the his-
tory of the case shows, that there was a full set-
tlement made with the Michigan Indians by the
Indian Bureau, and the sum of $1,500 a year was
allowed to them, and has been paid to them and
received by them in full settlement of all claim
they had against the Kansas Indians. That was
a full adjustment of the whole matter. This is a
case fished up running through a series of thirty
years, although the facts are that the claim was
fully adjusted, and the Michigan Indians years
ago accepted the amount paid by the Government
as a settlement.
But, sir, I desire to make a suggestion to the
Senate. If this resolution passes it impoverishes
the wards of the Government in Kansas. The
Senator from Iowa, for whose judgment in Indian
matters I have great respect, now proposes a new
basis of settlement. The Kansas Indians have
an agent here. Now, I ask the Senate on behalf
of these wards of the Government that they pass
by this resolution informally till I can confer with
that agent on the new basis tendered by the Sen-
ator from Iowa. I believe it has been the custom
of the Senate when such a request is made by a
Sonator to accord to it. I think it especially ad-
dresses itself to the Senate, as these wards of the
Government are interested in the question, and
there is no Senator prepared to speak for them
here as to the new basis proposed by the Senator
from Iowa.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection to the
resolution going over. I agree with my colleague
in that suggestion.
Mr. RAMSEY. I will simply state that at
this time there are upward of three hundred
"Winnebago Indians in the State of Wisconsin,
the best paid tribe in the country, and they have
not for twenty years participated in the annuities
of the tribe because they did not remove with
them. The object of the treaty undoubtedly was
to induce these Indians to remove; they have not
done so, and according to all the practice of the
Government they have forfeited their interest in
the annuities.
Mr. HARLAN. I feel pretty sure now that
I am right. Both the Senators from Kansas,
where a part of this tribe of Indians live, are op-
posed to my amendment; and both the Senators
from Michigan, where the other part of them
live, are opposed to it, the Michigan Senators
insisting that it does not give those in Michigan
enough 
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The Senator, from
Iowa should not make that statement so far as I
am concerned. I desire to consult with the agent
of the Indians as to the amendment. I express
no opinion about it.
Mr. HARLAN. I accept the modification so
far as the Senator is concerned. His colleague,
however, says this amendment of mine will give
the Michigan Indians too much. I think it will
be light, but I shall not insistupon itagainstthe
sense of the Senate. If it is not adopted, how-
ever, I shall be compelled to go against the res-
olution as reported by the committee.
I wish to state, in relation to the argument of
the Senator from Michigan, that he has not, I
think, made himself familiar with the language
of Indian treaties or he would not insist on the
construction that he docs. There ceitamly was
an implied, if not an express, agreement on the
part of these Indians to remove to their new res-
ervation, and the language was put in which the
Government had found to be the only available
means of enforcing a removal, and that was to
make the payment at the new reservation. While
it may be true that in some treaties they are not
required expressly m words to remove, yet it is
provided that the payment shall be made at the
new reservation, and the experience of the Gov-
ernment has been that there has been no other
available mode of compelling a removal of tho
Indians but to withhold the payments until they
do remove.
The Senator also took exception to my use of
the word vagrant. I did not intend to use it
in an offensive sense, nor as applicable to these
Michigan Indians particularly, but to the dif-
ferent fragments of this nation of Indians scat-
tered in different places among other Indian
tribes in the State of Wisconsin as well as in
Michigan.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the honorable Senator
fiom Iowa will give way I will suggest that this
resolution pass over until to-morrow morning,
he having the floor, as there is one other Indian
bill that 1 want to dispose of before half past four
o'clock, a bill in regard to Utah, which I think
will lead to no discussion.
Mr. IIARLAN. I yield to the suggestion of
the chairman of the committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark
in the chair.) The joint resolution wiil be passed
over informally.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I now move to talie up
House bill No. 222.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Before putting
the question on that motion the Chair will pre-
sent some bills from the House of Representa-
tives, for the purpose of reference.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills and joint resolutions from
the House of Representatives were severally read
twice by their titles and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia:
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 169) to provide
for the publication of a full Aimy Register;
A joint resolution (Li. R. No. 170) declaring
and defining the meaning of the lawin tegard to
officers' servants;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 171) in the mat-
ter of Sergeant Daniel Collett, jr., deceased;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 172) to author-
ize the President to make transfers of officers ua
the Army of the United States; '
A bill (H. R. No. 600) for the better organiza-
tion of the subsistence department;
A bill (H. li. No. 653) to deteimine the rank
of officers reentering the military service;
A bill (H. R. No. 7G5) concerning regimental
and garrison couits-martial; and
A bill (H. R. No. 7G7) to increase the pay of
certain officers of the Army, and for other pur-
poses.
The bill (H. R. No. 698) to establish in the
War Department a Bureau for the Relief of Freed-
men and Refugees was read twice by its title,
referred to the select committee on slavery and
freedmen.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 173) directing
the Secretary of the Treasury to issue American
registers to the British schooners Minnie Wil-
liams and E. M. Baxter was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
MINT IN NEVADA.
Mr. NYE. I rise to ask the Senate to take up
and concur in a House joint resolution upon
which I am certain there can be no debate. It
is a resolution that was passed by the House of
Representatives last year and was referred to the
