THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OJmOIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY P. & J. EI YES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, JANUARY 10, 1865.
New Series No., 11.
borhood again during his minority, or if the ap-
prentice is restored to the neighborhood and to his
master againduring his minority, and before the
expiration of the term of his apprenticeship, the
relation is restored. On the other hand, if we
regard the slave as the property of the master,
that property, like any other property in the coun-
try, may be taken by the Government and appro-
priated to public use, due compensation being
made therefor. When Congress passed the bill
at the last session this was the view taken. The
slave was regarded by that act of Congress as
the property of tiie master, and therefore, under
the language of the Constitution, compensation
was provided to be made to the master. I will
call the attention of Senators to the provision of
that law found on the 11th page of the Acts of the
last session:
"When a slave of a loyal master shall be drafted and
mustered into the seivice of the United States, Ins master
*hall have a ceitificate therpof, and thereupon such slave
shall be free ; and the bounty ot $100, now payable hy law
foi each dratted man, shall be paid to the person to whom
mch drafted person vva^ owing service or labor uttiie tune
of his muster into the service of the United States."
That is one compensatio-n to the master; the
$100 bounty goes to the master instead of to the
drafted slave. Again, the act provides:
"The Secretary of War shall appoint a commission In
each of the slave States represented in Congress, charged
to award to each loyal peison to whom a colored volun-
teer may owe service a ju<?t compensation, not exceeding
$300 for each such coloied volunteer, payable out of the
fund derived fiom commutations, and evm* such colored
volunteer, on being mustered, into the scivice, &hall be
free."
In the enactment of the law which I have just
read, Congress contemplated the slave as the prop-
erty of the master, and the property as being taken
for public use, and compensation to be made for
that property under the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States. Now, sir, I ask the Senator from
Massachusetts if the same reason applies to the
family of the slave who is thus taken ? The wife
is not taken for public use; the children are not
taken for public use. In no way are they valu-
able to the public service. This measure is en-
titled a joint resolution to encourage enlistments
and to promote the military service—I believe
that is the substance of the title. I ask the Sen-
ator, then, if the freeing of the family of the negro
who has been taken into the service is an appro-
priation of that family to public use? If so, the
argument of the Senator is good; otherwise it is
not.
The Senator also said that it was mean to take
the service for the public use of the head of the
family and to leave the residue of the family in
slavery. That is his judgment on the subject.
What standard governs his judgment I cannot
say. My judgment is that it cannot be mean to
obey the Constitution of my country while it is
in force. I do not believe that Congress has the
power to abrogate the laws of the States which
regulate the relations of individuals there. From
the earliest times of the Government this relation
has been recognized; a relation established by the
laws of the States; a relation that Congress could
not interfere with; laws of the States which Con-
gress could not disturb. Now, sir, how is it that
we can go outside of an appropriation of prop-
erty for public use and free those slaves who are
not thus used for public purposes? Iam notable
to see it. _ I need not refer to the provisions of the
Constitution that recognize the relation of master
and servant, and not only recognize that relation
but impose upon Congress the duty to protect it.
That provision of the Constitution which requites
that the fugitive slave shall be returned to his
master recognizes the relation as existing under
State laws, State laws that cannot be disturbed
by Congress. Are the wife and children of a
slave who has become a volunteer or is conscripted
to be made free, and how? If they are slaves,
they are such by force of the laws of the State.
Can Congress disturb those laws; can Congress
uisiurb that relation when the persons are not re-
quired for the public service? I am not able to
see it; and because I think we haye not the con-
11
stitutional power to do this thing I shall vote
against this measure.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I do not rise for
the purpose of entering into any extended argu-
ment on this subject at the present time, because
to my mind the proposition is so plain, in con-
nection with what we have already done, that I
do not conceive that any argument could make it
plainer. I think we were greatly at fault when
we first enabled the Government to conscript
slaves, or to enlist them into our armies, in not
passing a bill like the one before us. I think the
failure to do so is a reproach to Congress. It ap-
pears to me, as it did to the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] that it is an act of mean-
ness in us to c.onscript or enlist the father and
leave his wife and children in the hands of the
master, subject to all his resentment, consequent
on the fact that he lias been deprived of that which
he calls his property.
It is unnecessary, I think, at this stage of our
proceedings, to argue in the Senate the consti-
tutional question, because we havealready passed
upon our right to conscript and enlist the slave.
We have already passed laws on that subject,
and I suppose no one proposes now to back out
of them. What gave us the right to do so, unless
it was a military necessity? 1 believe we placed
it on that ground, and I think it will stand upon
that in a great revolution like this, and stand the
test of the judgment of the world. Of course
there was no Senator here, and there was no in-
dividual anywhere in the States that I ever knew
anything about, who claimed that in time of peace
the General Government had a right to manumit
slaves in the States. 1 know very well that the
party with whom I have long acted were charged
with such designs, but it was always denied, and
any such notion was never attempted to be car-
ried out, was never pretended to be acted upon.
But, sir, all that is changed in time of war when
the Government itself is put in jeopardy. When
that is the ease, and we are endeavoring to defend
the GovernmentfYom dissolution and destruction,
the necessity of the case, in my judgment, must
he the measure of our constitutional right to
proceed.
The expediency of this measure, conceding
that we have the 1 ight to pass it, must be obvious
to everybody. Do gentlemen suppose that you
can enlist in the service of the United States negioes
who are slaves that have any regard for their
wives and their children, when they leave those
wives and children in the hands of their infuriated
masters to wreak on them their vengeance and
cruelty? Sir, they will not do it. I know the
fact, for I have been down in that country where
we are endeavoring to enlist this class of soldiers,
and the great objection everywhere is that the
negro will not enlist unless you free his wife and
children; he will not consent to leave them in
this predicament.
But, sir, I did not rise so much to argue the
question as to present and have read, in connec-
tion with this debate, an affidavit which I have
in my possession, and which I think will throw
some light upon the matter as a practical question.
I send the affidavit to the desk, and ask to have '
it read as part and parcel of my remarks.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Camp Nelson, Kentucky, Kovembsr 26, 1S6-L
Petsonally appeared before me. Edward B. YV\ Kp^li- i
eaux, captain and assistant qiuutcimuster, Joseph Miller,
a man of color, who being duly *worn. upon oath says: u 1
was ihe slave ot Geore Miller, Lincoln county, Kentucky.
I have alwujs ic>ided m Kentucky, and am now a soldier
in the seivice of the United States. I belong to company
I, 124ih regiment United States coloied mlantiy, now
stationed at Camp Nelson, Kentucky. When I came to
camp lor the purpose ol enlisting, about the middle of Oc-
tober, 1^64, my wife and children e.nne with me, because
my master said that if I enUfted he would not maintain
them, and i knew they would be abused hy him when f
left. j had then fom childien, aged re«pectivelyten,nine,
sevim, and f.mr yoaiv. On my presenting myself as a re-
cruit, T was told hy the lieutenant m command to take my
family into a tent withm the limits of the camp. My wife
and family occupied tins tent by the express permission of
the aforementioned otficei. and"never received any notice
to leave until Tuesday, November 22, when a mounted i
guard gave my wife notice that s he and her children must 1
leave camp before early morning. This was about six,
o'clock at night. My little boy about seven years of age
had been very sick, and was then slowly recovering. My
wife had no place to go, and so remained nntfl morning.
About eight o'clock on Wednesday morning, November^,-
a mounted guard came to my tent and ordered my wife and-
children out of the camp. The morning bitter cold, it
was freezing hard. I was certain that it would kill my
sick child to take him out in the cold. I told the man in
charge of the guard that it would be the death of my boy.
I told him that my wife and children had noplace to go. I
told him that I was a eoldier of the United States. lie told
me that it did not make any difference, he had orders to
take all out of camp. He told my Wife and family that if
they did not get up in the wagon which he had he would
shoot the last one of them. On being thus threatened, mv
wife and childien went into the wagon. My wile carried
her sick child in her arms. When they lett the tent the
wind was blowing hard and cold, and having had to leave
much of our clothing when we ieft our master, my wife
with her little ones was. poorly clad. I followed them as
fara« the linns. I had no knowledge where they wore
taking them. At night f went In search of my family ; I
found them in Nicholasville, about six miles from camp;
they weie in an old meeting-house belonging to the col-
ored people; the building was very cold, having only one
fire. My wife and children could not get near the fire be-
cause of the number of cofofed people huddled together by
the soldiers. I found my wife and family shivering with
cold and famished with hunger; they had not received a
morsel ol food during the whole day ; my boy was dead;
he died dheetly after getting down from the wagon j I know
he was killed by exposure to the inclement weather. I had
to return to camp that night, so I leftmv family in the meet-
ing-house and walked back. I had walked there. I trav-
eled m all twelve miles. Next morning I walked toNieli-
oiasvillp. I dug a grave myself and buried my#wn child.
I left my familv m the meeting-house, where they still re-
main." And further this, deponent saith not.
his
JOSEPH x MILLER,
maifc
Witness, JAMES A. LINEN,
WILLIAM SMITH.
Sworn and subscribed before me, this 26th day of No-
vember, in the year of oui Lord 1S64,
• E. B. W. RESTIEAUX,
Captain and J}. Q. AT,
Mr. WADE. I have also the statement of the
commanding officer there, Captain PquI, corrob-
orating; that statement, and some other docu-
ments to the same effect. I do not know that it
is necessary to read them.
These people were driven out. They were
sUtves. They could not go back to their master
again without subjecting themselves to worse
tieatmeut tlmn they received at the hands of our
officers there. The husband of this wife and the
father of this family was compelled to travel in
search of them, who had no place to go to, in cold,
inclement weather, twelve miles, after performing
all the duties of a soldier in the camp, and there
he found, as he had predicted, that his child had
died in consequence of this hard, harsh treatment.
He could not go back to his master, I say again,
because he had enlisted in the Army,and had in-
curred his resentment. That is shown by these
papers.
In this way enlistments are discouraged. These
colored men will not enlist while these things are
allowed. They have the same feelings toward
their wives and children that white men have,as
near as 1 can ascertain; and where is the white
man who would enlist in the Army of the United
States and leave his wife and children subject to
the taunts, the insults, and the ignominy o-f a mas-
ter who had been accustomed to treat them as
slaves, and who was fired with indignation and
animosity because the father of the family, his
slave, had left him ?
1 will state in connection with this subject that
I visited this Camp Nelson last summer. Gen-
eral Burbridge was the commanding officer. I
rode there with General Burbridge from Lexing-
ton in order to see a review that was about to
take place there, and a sight greeted me such as
I never beheld in the world, and hope I never
shall again. As soon I had arrived in the camp we
had scarcely alighted from the carriage before a
coloied woman, whom I should suppose to be
thirty years of age, appeared before us, all bruised
to pieces. Her face was all whipped to a jelly. She
had a child with her which she said was twelve
years old; one of whose eyes had been gouged
out, and the other attempted to be, as they stated,
