928
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
Committee on the. Judiciary here, and they have
reported it beck without amendment. It is sim-
ply to cotifiirn the title to lands in Carson, Ne-
vada, upon which the mint is to be established.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I hope the Senator will
allow me to go on with the Indian bills.
Mr. NYE. This will not take longer than to
read the resolution, and then I will stand by the
Senator fiom Wisconsin and his Indian bills. I
insist on my motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 45) to enable the Secretary of
the Treasury to obtain the title of certain prop-
erty in Carson City and Territory of Nevada, for
the purposes of a branch mint located m said place,
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It recites that the Secretary of the Treasury of the
United States, in order to carry into effect an act
entitled "Anact to establish a branch mint of the
United States in the Territory of Nevada," ap-
proved March 3, 18G3, has purchased of Moses
Job and Margaret, his wife, and James L. Rid-
dle, the preemptors and occupants thereof, certain
city or town lots in Carson City, together with
all the valuable improvements thereon; and that
it is highly important for th** interest of the Gov-
ernment to obtain, at an early day, the use and
possession of the property to establish and open
the branch mint; and it therefore proposes to au-
thorize the Secretary of the Treasury to receive
and accept from Moses Job and Margaret, his
wife, and James L. Riddle, sucii relinquishments
and conveyances of their right and claim to the
lots and jnoperty as tin: Secretiny shall deem suf-
ficient for the relinquishment of <iny claim, right,
or title which they may oi can have thereto; and
the lots and property are thereafter to be reserved
from public sale, preemption, or homestead settle-
ment, and to remain the property of the United
States.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY. Nevada is now a State,and
I move to amend the resolution by striking out
"Territory" and inserting " State."
The amendment was agreed to.
Th# amendment was ordered to be engrossed,
and the resolution to be read a third time. The
resolution was read thethiid time,and passed ;and
its title was amended by striking out " Tenitory>J
and inserting "State."
INDIAN LANDS IN UTAII.
On motion of Mr. DOOLITTLE, the bill (H.
R. No. 233) to extinguish tlie Indian title to lands
in the Territory of Utah suitable for agricultural
and mineral purposes was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to authorize
the President of the United States, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, to enter into
treaties with the various tribes of Indians ofUtah
Territory, upon such terms as may be deemed
just to the Indians and beneficial to the Govern-
ment of the United States, for the absolute sur-
render to the United States, by those Indians, of
their possessory right to all the Agricultural and
mineral lands in Utah Territory, except such
tfgiicultural lands as by said treaties may be set
opart for reseivations for the Indians; and these
reservations are to be selected at points as remote
as may be practicable from the present settlements
in Utah Territory. In agreeing with the Indians
upon the amounts to be paid to them under the
provisions of the treaties to be negotiated, care is
to be taken to obtain from the Indians, to the
greatest possible extent, their consent to leceive
for such payments ngi i cultural implements, stock,
and other useful articles lather than money. The
bill proposes to appropriate $>25,000 for the pur-
pose of negotiating the treaties and carrying out
the provisions of the act, making presents to the
Indians, and defraying the necessary expenses
incident to the negotiation.
The bill was reported to the Senate.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I have but one observa-
tion to make in this connection, not by way of
opposition to this measure, but by way of com-
mentary, after the fashion of the commentaries in
►Scott's iJiole. The Indians are notbeing protected
by this provision, and they are not considered
here, whereas a dm ker colored race are being con-
sidered all the time.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and
was read the third ume, and passed.
LUCY A. KICK.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to take up the jnint
resolution (S. R. No. 116) for the relief ot Mrs.
Lucy A. Rice, late of Richmond, Virginia.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not wish to have the
joint resolution, on which the Senator from Iowa
was upon the floor when it was laid aside 111-
foimally, displaced.
Mr. HOWARD. Of course not; but this will
only take a minute.
The motion was agreed to; and the considera-
tion of the joint resolution was resumed by the
Senate.
The joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, and was read the third time,
and passed.
W. II. AND C. S. DUNCAN.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move to take up
Senate bill No. 311.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I object. The jointreso-
lution on which the Senator from Iowa had the
floor is now regularly before the Senate.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. This bill only appro-
priates $200 80. 1 insist on my motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
311) for the relief of W. H. & C. S. Duncan
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to appropriate $200 SO to be paid
to W. II. & C. S. Duncan, of the city of Law-
rence, Kansas, for compensation in full forguods
and provisions furnished Captain Walker's com-
pany, Kansas mihtia, by order of Governor Geary,
in 1S5G.
The bill having been read,
The VICE PRESIDENT announced that half
past four o'clock having arrived, the Senate would
take a recess until seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate resumed its session at seven
o'clock p. m.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a letter from the Secretary of the Interior,
transmitting an estimate by the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs of appropriations required for ful-
filling treaty stipulations with the (Jhippewas of
Mississippi, and the Pillager and LakeWinne-
bagosish bands of Chippewas in Minnesota, un-
der the treaty of May 7. 1864, for the current
fiscal year, and also for the fiscal year ending 30th
June, 1866; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
NATIONAL PROTECTION INSURANCE COMPANY.
On motion of Mr. DIXON, the bill (S. No.
386) to incorporate the National Protection In-
surance Company of the District of Columbia,
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The proposed corpoiators are Richard Waliach,
John H. Semmes, J. F. Calian, James T. Close,
George S. Gideon, John Fcnrell, Thomas J.
Fisher, Thomas P. Morgan, Job Angus, O. A.
Daily, Charles Wilson, George Lowry, and S.
A. Peugh, and their present and future associates.
Mr. DIXON. I ntove to amend the bill by
striking out, in lines nineteen and twenty of sec-
tion four, the words " to be used in purchasing or
discounting bonds, bills, notes, or other papers"
after " security;" so as to leave the clause read,
" the funds of this company may be invested in
or loaned on a stock or real security."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DiXON. I move further to amend the
same section by striking out, in lines twenty,
twenty-one, twenty-two, and twenty-three, the
woids:
Provided, That no greater rate of discount shall betaken
than one half of one percent, for thirty days, excentns re-
gard" tiie honds or certificates of debt of the United States
or of corporations.
I think that is too great an amount of interest
to be allowed; and I move to strike out the words
entirely.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading;
and was read the third time, and passed.
NORTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD CONNECTION'S.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to take up the bill
(S. No. 414) to authorize the construction of the
Northern Pacific railroad eastward to Ontonagon,
in the State of Michigan, and piovidefor its con-
nection with the Ohio, Indiana, Michigan, and
Canadian systems of railroads at Poit Huron,
Detroit, Toledo, Fort Wnyu<\ and Dayton.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark.)
Tiii.i evening having been set m.art for executive
business, no other business can be entertained
except by unanimous consent, la there objection
to the consideration of the bill indicated by the
Senator from Michigan?
Mr. GRIMES, f object.
COMMITTEE ON THE CONDUCT OF TIIE "WAR,
Mr. WADE. I offered this morning a concur-
rent resolution to authorize the continuance of the
committee on the conduct of the war for thirty
days after the termination of the present session.
The motion was agreed to by unanimous con-
sent, and the Senate proceeded to consider the
resolution.
Mr. WADE. I will state the reason for .
Several Senators. Oh, no! we don't want
any reason; it's all right.
Mr. WADE. Very well.
The resolution was a"reed to.
POTTAWATOMIE INDIANS IN MICHIGAN.
Mr. POWELL. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask the Senator from
Kentucky to withdraw his motion to allow me to
have the joint resolution on which the Senator
from Iowa [Mr. Harlan] is entitled to the floor,
taken up so as to be left as unfinished business,
Mr. POWELL. I witiidiaw the motion.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move to take up the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 38) directing the Sec-
retary of the Interior to pay to the Chippewa,
Ottawa, and Pottawatomie Indians residing in
Michigan the sum of §192,850.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I now renew the motion
that we go into executive session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This evening
having been assigned for executive business, the
Chair will direct the galleries to be cleared and
the doors to be closed.
After some time spent in executive session, the
doors were reopened; and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 20, LSG5.
The House nutateleven o'clock,a. m. Prayer
by Rev. John\Thru8h.
The Journal ofyesteiday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER proceeded, as the first order
of business, to the call of committees for reports,
to go upon the Calendar, and not to be brought
back by motion to reconsider.
JOHN A. HADDOCK.
Mr. BROWN, of West Virginia, from the
Committee of Claims, reported a biil for the re-
lief of John A. Haddock; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER. The call of committees
having been concluded, the next business in order
during the remainder of the morning hour is the
call of States for resolutions, commencing with
the State of Pennsylvania.
SUBSTITUTE BROKERAGE IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. ANCONA introduced the following reso-
lution:
Whereas it is rvl legend thnt a sy tem ofsub«tiuite brokerage
had been pracli'-ed at the United Suit' s jaii in tins city by
the nfficf rs m charge tlu-n.-of, namely, Mos^ry. Robett JValj
warden, B. Miiburu, <!rputy warden, Fuvrnan and Robin*
son, guard-, and other* n< t oflkeis. onhiainer and putting
into tne United Ptates military service a* substitutes per-
con# under arrest and in confinement upon ch.ir^es of
crmi.riai oilWis<-s. theicby delictum the ends ofju-uor and
doing great injury to the Army and community : Therefore,
Iletolved, That the Committer on Military Affair* be ia-
stiuctcri to inquire into the tacts o!" said allegations and
report the same to the House.
Mr. DAVIS, of Now York. I wish simply to
remark time a resolution of this kind was intro-
duced a few days since and referred to "the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia. That com-
mittee is taking measures for the purpose of
procuring the information desired by the renoiu-
