THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. ®
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY F. & J. HIVES, WASHINGTON, D.'C. -
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1865.
New Series;....No. 59.
\ion. 1 should be very glad to have this resolution
referred to the same committee.
Mr. ANCONA. 1 have no objection to the
change. I was not aware that a resolution had
been introduced upon this subject. I wiltmodify
my resolution so as to substitute the Committee
for the District of Columbia for the Committee on
Military Affairs.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. ANCONA. I ask that the committee have
leave to report at any time.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. 1 move that the
Committee for the District of Columbia have
power to send for persons and papers.
There being no objection, the motion was
agreed to.
INCREASED PAY OF CONGRESSMEN AND OTHERS.
Mr. ANCONA. In behalf of my colleague,
[Mr. Johnson,] who is absent, I ask leave to
offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be,
and they are hereby, instrueted to bring in a bill increasing
the pay and allowances of members of Congress, and of
clerks, messenger*, and watchmen In the Government em-
ployment in this city twenty per cent., corresponding with
tli'e increased cost of living here over that in the other prin-
cipal cities of the countiy.
Mr. KASSON. I understand that resolution
to be absolute, and I object.
Mr. ANCONA. 1 am not at liberty to change
the phraseology of the resolution. 1 offered it m
behalf of my colleague, [Mr. Johnson.]
Mr. KASSON. I object to the resolution.
PAY OF A CONTESTANT,
Mr. ANCONA. I ask leave to offer the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That there be paid out of the contingent fund
of the House ot Representatives to Hugh M. Martin the
Usual mileage and pay up to the day when he withdrew his
contest before the Committee of Elections a^ a contestant
for a seat in the Thiuy-Eighth Congress us a Representa-
tive from the fourth district of the State of Iowa.
Mr. ALLISON. I object.
Mr. ANCONA. I only propose to have it re-
ferred to the Committee of Elections.
Mr. ALLISON. I object. ^
Mr. COFFROTH. I offer the following reso-
lution, upon which i demand the previous ques-
tion:
Resolved, That there be paid out of the contingent fund
Of the House ot Representatives to Hugh M. Martin the
usual mileage and pay up to the day when he withdrew his
conte t before the Committee of Elections as a contestant
for a seat in the Thirty-Eighth Congress as a Representa-
tive from the fourth district of the State of Iowa.
The House divided on seconding the demand
for the previous question; and there were—ayes
26, noes 43; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Allison
and Coffroth were appointed.
Mr. NOBLE. I ask leave to say a word upon
this question.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. I object.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 36, noes 58.
So the House refused to second the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. W1LSON. I rise to debate the resolution.
Mr. NOBLE. I demand the yeas and nays
on the motion to refer the resolution.
The SPEAKER. If the resolution shall be
reached that motion will be in order; but the gen-
tleman from Ohio is familiar with the rule that if
the previous question is not seconded, and any
gentleman rises to debate the resolution, it goes
over under the rule.
EXPORTATION OF COTTON.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I offer the reso-
lution which I send to the Chair, to which I think
there will be no objection. In case any gentle-
man should desire to discuss it, I move the pre-
vious question.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be requested
to consider the expediency ot exporting to foreign markets
for sale ail cotton now in Government hands, so us to ob-
tain for the/Treasury the advantage of the higher price paid
59
in Europe for that article, and thus, by placing abroad its
proceeds to the credit of the Government, be enabled to
import coin to that extent, or sell exchange, thereby en-
hancing the valueof the currency, strengthening the credit
of the Government, reducing the premium on gold, and
producing other obvious advantages.
Mr. MORRILL. I object to the resolution.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. There can be no
good reason for objecting to the resolution. It
simply requests the Secretary of the Treasury to
consider the propriety of doing this. 1 hope the
gentleman will withdraw his objection.
Mr. MORRILL. I insist on the objection.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Then I insist on
the demand for the previous question.
Upon seconding the demand for the previous
question the House divided; and there were—ayes
25, noes 54; no quorum voting.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Fernando
Wood and Farnswortii were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes twenty, noes not counted.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. MORRILL rising to debate the resolu-
tion, it was laid over under the rule.
ASSIGNMENT OP QUOTAS.
Mr. CHANDLER submitted the following:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be hereby directed
to communicate to tins House at an early day the bans
upon which the quotas of the different districts of each
State have been established and adjured under calls* for
troops by the President of the United State*, together with
a detailed statement of the number of tioops and seamen
furnished by each State and district, congressional or other-
wise, since thp out bieak of the rebellion, with their respect-
ive terms of service.
The SPEAKER. This being a call for exec-
utive information, it requires unanimous consent
on this day.
Mr. KELLOGGr, of Michigan, objected.
JOHN ERICSSON.
Mr. TOWNSEND introduced a bill for the
relief of John Ericsson; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
ACCOUNTS OF POSTMASTER.
Mr. ELIOT submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Road? be instructed to inquire Into the expediency of
providing by law that the Postmaster General shall have
authority, in his discretion, to give credit to postmasters,
m settlement of their accounts, tor losses of po&tage stamps
by bmglary or theft, and without their fault or negligence,
and to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was agreed to; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The call of States and Ter-
ritories for resolutions having been completed,
the next business in order, under the rule, is the
taking up of resolutions calling for executive in-
formation which laid over one day under the rule.,
GOLD SALES BY THE TREASURY.
The first resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to communicate to this House what, If any, amount of gold
in the Treasury of the United States not necessary for the
payment of interest on the public debt has been disposed
of under the joint resolution approved March 17, lffifl: what
amounts, and the various times when the same were dis-
posed of; at what rates, and what agents were employed in
the transaction.
Mr. COX demanded the previous question.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan, moved to lay
the resolution on the table.
Mr. COX. 1 ask that the resolution be read
again for the information of the gentleman from
Michigan, [Mr. Kellogg,] for he evidently mis-
understands it.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. COX. I would like to modify the resolu-
tion, which I think will make it acceptable, by
inserting after the words " pubhedebt" the words
" and for the purposes of the sinking fund."
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. 1 insist upon
my motion to lay on the table.
Upon that motion the House divided; aruHh^re
were—ayes 51, noes 41.
Before the result of the vote was announce^:
Mt*. COX called for Che yeaa ancE hays. V
The yeas and nays were ordered. . 
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 60, nays 58, not
voting 64; as follows: ± ■ - - , \
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnold, Asttfgy, J&hn®.
Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Blaine, Boutwefl,;Boyfi, Broai-
degee, Ambrose W. dark, Cobb, tJole, TligniasT.l^avIs,
Doming, Dixon,"Driggs, Bumont, Eekley.'EHot, G&rftejg,
Grinnell, Giiswold, Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, JohfrH.
Hubbard, Hulburd, Julian, Kasson, Kelley, Francii W.
Kellogg, Oilando Kellogg, Knox, Littlfjohn, Loan,-Long-
year, Marvin, MeBride, Samuel P. Miller, Motirbead,
Mot rill, Daniel Morris, Amos Myers, Perham, William
H. Randall. Alexander H. Rice, John II. Rice,Edward 11.
Rollins, Schenck, Shannon, Sloan, Smithers, Spalding,
Starr, Upson, Van Valkenburgh, William B. Washburn,
Wilder, and Washington—60.
NAYS—Messrs, Ancona, Baily, Augustus C. Baldwin,
Blair, Bliss, Bioomall, Chanler. Clay, Coffioth, Cox, Co-
vens, Dawson, Denison, Eden, Edgerton^JEidridge, Farnft*
worth, Finck, Ganson, Harrington, Charles M. Harris,
Higby, Holman, Hutehins, IiigersoH,Kafbfleisch, Kernaft,
King, Knapp, ha Blond, Long, Mailory, Marcy, McICh^-
ney, William H. Miller, James It. Morris, Nelson, Norton,
OUell, Pendleton, Piuyn, Radford, Rogers, Ross, John5#.
Steele, William G. Steele, Thayer, ToWnsend, Tra'e^,
Wadsworth, Whaley, Wheeler, Williams, Wilson, Wia-
field, Fernando Wood, and Yeaman—58. ' *■
NOT VOTING—Messrs. James O. Allen, William J.
Allen, Alley, Andeison, Blow, Brooks, James S. Browrt,
William G. Brown, Fiectuan Clarke, CreswelJ, Henry
Winter Davis, Dawes, Donnelly, English, Frank, Gooch,
Grider, Hale, Hall, Harding, Benjamin G. Harris, Herrick,
Ilotchkiss, Jenckes, Philip Johnson, William Johnson,
haw, Lazear, McAllister, AlcClurg, McDowell, Mcfndd©,
Middleton, Morrison, Loonaid Myers, Noble, Charles
O'Neill, John O'Neill, Orth, Patterson, Perry, Pike, Pom-
eroy, Price, Samuel J. Randall, Robinson, James S. Rol-
lins, Scofield, Scott, Smith, Stevens, Stiles, StrOU&fc,
Stuart, Sweat, Thomas, Voorhees, Ward, Elihu B. Wash-
burne, Webster, Chilton A. White, Joseph W. White,
Windom, Benjamin Wood, and Woodbridge—64.
So the motion to lay the resolution on the table
was agreed to.
CALIFORNIA TROOPS.
The next resolution was read, as follows: / -
Jieso/verijThat the Secretary of War, if not incompati-
ble with the public service, be directed to communicate to
this House what is the number of troops furnished by tiro
State of California to the General Government under the
various calls, and whether the draft has been enforced,-fn
that State as In other States, and if not, the reason for i£a
non-enforcement.
M r. McKINNEY. On the adoption of this res-
olution I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the resolution was adopted.
REFUNDING OP COMMUTATION MONEY, '
The next resolution was read,as follows:
Whereas it is alleged that under the call made by the
President for three hundred thousand troops on the — day
of , 1864, in order to fill their quotas some of the dis-
tricts made a supplemental draft [subsequent to the passage
of the act regulating the subject, of July 4, IS6.4, which
supplemental drafts were declared illegal, and the persons
thus drafted were ordered to be discharged therefrom, and
when commutation had been paid it was also ordered that
the same should be refunded, which has not been done;
and whereas it i*s also alleged that in many Instance* the
persons who had thus paid commutation were, within a
very short period thereafter, again drafted under the sub-
sequent call and compelled to enter the service of the Uni-
ted .States, and whose families are now suffering for the
want of the return of said commutation: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to in-
form this House why the &aid commutations have not been
refunded without so much deldy.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that this resolution
be referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
PRISONERS FOR POLITICAL OFFENSES, 3flTC.
The next resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
spectfully requested, and that the Secretary of State and
the Secretary of War be directed, to report and furnish to
this House the names of all persons, if any there are, who
have been arrested and are now held in imprisonment or
confinement in any prison, fort, or other place whatsoever,
for"pWItTCuT offenses or any other alleged offense against
the Government or authoiity of the United States, by th£
order, command, consent, or knowledge of theui,or either
of them respectively, and who have not been charged, tried,
or convicted bwore any cavil or criminal, not military, coutt.
of the land, together with the charge against sttch person^
