THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
said the honorable Senator, " that it will never
so terminate; 1 pray.that it may bo waged for an
indefinite length of time, until by means' of it sla-
very,as it exists in the States ot" the Union, shall
be abolished." The President says to them,
"Throw down y.onrnrms to-morrow; recognize
the continuing obligation of the Constitution of
the United States; submit to the laws; and 1 will
not only not carry on war as against you, but the
people, if I desired it, would not permit me to do
it." I am sure my honorable fnend from Ohio,
when he comes to reflect, while appealing to out-
sympathy for the poor black women, the outrage
upon whom, as he very properly said, was enough
to excite the feelings of the most obtuse, will not
forget what would be the scene sure to occur if
these people come in and submitto the authority
of the United States and they are told, "Go
away; you have an institution which wo loathe;
over which, before the war began, we had no
control; in regard to which we expressed no dis-
position to go to war at all; but we mean to fight
you up to the very last moment unnl you will
agree to abolish slavery, or until we abolish it
ourselves by force of arms, if, in order to do so, it
becomes necessary to exterminate every white
man, woman, and child in the South."
Sir, I honor the feeling of the honorable mem-
ber from Ohio. I know how loyal he has been
from the commencement of this war to the pres-
ent hour. 1 witnessed with admiration, when
there were upon this side of the Chamber men
who were dealing improperly with the members
of the NoVth on that side, that as against him,at
least, all their efforts were unavailing. lie stood
up manfully for the right of his section, and
boarded (so to speak) the lion 111 his den. But.,
sir, there is a st^p beyond which, he will pardon
me for saying, loyalty would become baibarity.
The South, God knows, has suffered enough.
They have invited it The people no ,v, as wc have
every reason to beiieve, see that they hiue bfon
misled. They spo now that they were induced to
go from beyond the protection of the Constitution
of the Unitod States and its power into this ieb< 1-
lion through the avis, wickedness, and mammy
of thf madmen by whom tin- rebellion was inau-
gurated. Their Suites are being overrun; (hnr
cities captured; their heart is apparently failing
lh''m,tivu! in theii lend<us. auw, in a moment
of despeietion, timy vow* ulmo.it the purpose to
abolush alaveiyand call the slavey to their aid,
although they pretended to go to war merely be-
cause they thought th^ institution of slavery was
in danger. Then* lives are in danger from the
insulted majesty of the law; they stand sclf-con-
J'iSKed traitors to the Constitution of the United
States and subject to the punishment of traitors*?
and in order to escape fiom that doom, there is
nothing they wiil not do; they will make an alli-
ance duiMiiMivt; and offensive with all the nations
of the woihl, and give them any and every tn-
o'ouragemeut of trade or of commerce that they
think will tempt the nations of the world to enter
into saeh an alliance.
Let us, Mr. President, take from them the
means of persuading their people to such a course;
hold out to them the olive-branch, ask them to
come back to the bosom of the Government; live
in peace and honor where Washington hw-d !il
peace and honor,and again make the Government
of the United States what it was at the moment
that this tcbcllion broke out, potentially one of
the greatest lowers upon the face of the habitable
glob'c, and now demonstrated even as true of each
of the sections into which the war has divided us.
There ia no tuition now living, if this war was
ended byaseparation,and the tiouth became pop-
ulated as it would—for slavery there is virtually
at an end—by emigration from the loyal States,
induced to go there bya better climate ami better
soil, there is no nation upon the lace of the globe
that could compete successfully cither with what
the United States will then be, or what the South
will be in ten years after they have achieved their jj
independence, and slavery is abolished.
The honorable member from Delaware [Mr.
Saulsburv] and the honorable member from
Kentucky [Mr. Da.\is] have both told us that
they think the abolition of slavery by constitu-
tional amendment will be fhund an impediment
to a successful peace; I differ with them, 'ihe
more that i have reflected on the subjectsince the p
uction of the Senate at the lust &eswon, and the |j
more I have seen of the temper of the South, I
am persuaded that in the present condition of the
strife the abolition of slavery by constitutional
amendment would tend to strengthen the Gov-
ernment and greatly increase the chances of an
early restoration of the Union. 1 confegfe, too,
that as the leaders of this rebellion avow a deter-
mination to fight it out to the last, and I having no
doubt of the rosult, if we are true to ourselves,
I want, when the result comes, that it shall find
all the United States a land peopled by freemen
alone, that we may stand in the lace of Christen-
dom and announce to the woj'Id of enlightened
and Christian men, "You have upbraided us in
the past for our having continued a barbarous
institution that the world has long since discarded;
you can upbiaid us no longer; America is free,
and the Union is safe."
Mr. WADE. Mr. President. I did not sup-
pose that we should be led into so extensive an
argument upon this subject by the few remarks
that I made a short time ago. The Senator from
Maryland has very much mistaken me, if he sup-
posed that he could bind me authoritatively to any
opinions that the President of the United States
mightentertam, or that they would have any more
effect upon my mind upon these questions than
though they emanated from anyother respectable
source. The Senator thought also that 011 due
reflection 1 probably might alter my opinion upon
some of the sentiments t hat I advanced. In that,
too, he was altogether mistaken. I have reflected
long upon these subjects. My mind has long
since been deliberately made up upon them. 1
have endeavored to reflect upon them in all their
bearings, both proximate and remote; and I have
nothing to abate of the sentiment that i advanced
m regard to slavery.
Sir, all these bugaboos that the gentleman raises
in Iim awn imagination to frighten us from our
puipoi-'ej do not have the least effect upon me. 1
fear nothing with legard to ihe United Statcsbut
injustice. As long as the people of the United
Stairs will ground themselves upon the rock of
eternal justice and right, I am willing to stand the
corneal; and if it must be so, defy all those na-
tions of the earth. Let us clear our own skirts
from injustice and wrong, and when that ia done
we shuii have but hale to fear fiom anyother
quarrel.
The Senator would make peace without abol-
ishing slavery; and yet he has dtawn, in about
as strong colors as any man can draw, the evils
of that institution. He hastold us that it is every
way wrong, demoralizing, and anti-Christian,
closing thn Ihble and, he said, the means of sal-
vation, or something like that, from a great por-
tion of our people; and yet he fears to walk up
to the principle of us abolition. I could not ex-
actly see, after he had 111 such clear light and
such glowing colors depicted the terrible evils of
this institution and its jricat wrongs, how he was
&<>mg to aiguo right off after that that there was
a way to leave it, root and branch, all standing,
and make peace before we eradicate it.
He told us that the President of the United
States did not agree with me. Sir, if the Presi-
dent of the United States is an honest and honor-
able man, as I take him to be, he does agree with
me; for the convention that nominated him laid
down the only principle upon which he should be
supported by the people of the United States, and
that way, that this evil of slavery shcfuld be erad-
icated. That is the word, sir. And when those
piinciples were put forth to Mr. Lincoln as the
nominee of that convention, he assented to them,
and said peace could only be made on the terms
of eradicating this institution. That was said at
Ddtimoic. 1 have not the platform in my pocket,
but that, is what they said, and that is .v, hat Mr.
Lincoln consented to. Will the Senator tell me
that he has backed out of it; that now that he has
induced the people of the United States to vote
him into the Presidency he will turn round and
say that whenever the rebels will lay down their
arms they may have their institution of slavery as i
they had before, and they ore to come back into I
this Senate reeking with treason? Are Toombs !
and Davis and Uenjumm to come back here merely
because they lay down their arms? Is that the
position that I understood the Senator to contend
the President of the United States was in favor
of, and he himself was in favor of?
Mi. JOHNSON. X have said no such thing,
and did not think of any such thing. If Toombs,
Davis, and the others should come here, I should
hold that they ought to be indicted for treason in-
stead of being admitted to their scats; bu^. the
South is not composed of Toombs, Davis, and
Benjamin. But while I am up, I will ask the
Senator, if he will permit me, suppose every mail
in the confederate States should lay down bis
arms; who is going to fight them ? How are you
going to carry on the war if there is nobody to
fight?
Mr. WADE. Well, sir, if they will throw-
down their arms, we will govern them until they
do right.
The Senator tells us in one breath that they will
sacrifice everything; they will become mean colo-
nial dependents of foreign nations before they
will do the meed of justice to abolish slavery; and
in the next breath he tells that the rebels will
abolish slavery themselves for the purpose of
forming these alliances. Sir, if they can dispense
with this institution in order to getdownbeneath
the despotisms of Europe, and become their base,
colonial vassals, I would compel them to do it in
order to be the honored associates of us here. They*
have committed a crime by which they have for-
feited, on every principle of international law,
every right, if rights they had, to privileges un-
der the States as States as they formerly stood.
Does not the Senator recognize the fact that war
breaking out between two nations abolishes every
treaty arrangement or agreementexistmg between
them? They are all prostrate at the election of
either of tho belligerents. 1 do not suppose it
differs between a foreign and a domestic war*
If they have raised their arms against the Con*:
stitution of the United States, and waged flagrant
war with us, have we not the right to treat that
as a war, and say that any agreement detrimen-
tal to us, or dishonorable to us, shall be entirely
abrogated, and that before they resume their po-
sition again they shall overthrow and dipenso
with such an institution ? It is no more than na-
tions always claim, one with another, who have
been at war, and finally make peace.
Will the Senator tell us that the French and
English will combine to bolster and hold up the
people who have held this institution until they
aio dying with weakness, with starvation, and
with all the evils consequent upon a subjected
people? Will he tell us mono moment that they
will ho sostiong that we are to 3 read the alliances
they may make, and in the next that they are so
conquered that they are about laying down their
arms, and that we have nothing standing up to
wa^e war with, because they cease to war with
us? Sir, when they lay down their arms and
cease to war with ua, they shall also cease to make
war against the rights of human nature; and while
they pray for mercy at our hands, we will sayaa
courts of equity say, "Come with clean hands;
do justice yourselves, and then we will do justice
to you; but as long as you attempt to hold your
fellow-man in bondage, as long as you tread upon
his neck and reduce him to slavery, can you look
us in the face and beg for mercy r" Sir, can we
look to God Almighty and beg for mercy or pros-
perity to the nation if we make peace and permit
a conquered people to enslave men quite as good
as themselves?
Sir, that 13 not the way 1 suppose this contro-
versy is to terminate. 1 say to the people^of the
South, "There can be no peace while slavery
exists; it is at war with free institutions." As I
said when I was up before, it is an organized
rebel. Its arm is at war with every free nation
in the world. Every free nation must necessa-
rily be diametrically at war with slavery; and so
long as slavery exists there can be no peace. I
do not think it will take thirty years to terminate
tins wai; but 1 say, let it go on indefinitely, thirty
years or more, if it be necessary to conquer thia
institution, and compel these men when they
ask for justice at our hands to do justice by their
own people. We have paid too dear already for
what we are to gain to permit this rootofmiquity,
this antagonism to all right, justice, and liberty
to exist a moment, and it shall not exist.
1 am not singular in all this. I say with those
who laid down the platform upon which the Presi-
dent was elected, that when peace comes slavery
shall be no more in the United States, and by my.
voice and by my vote there shall be no peace as
long as there is a slave in the United States or its
