930
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
or cause for such arrest and imprisonment, except only such
persons who may at the tune of ti*wr arrest have been m
the military or unv.il >erviee of the United States, together
with tin* name of ihe prison, fort, or place where ihey are
.severally kept or confined; also whether any person or per-
son*, for any alleged like offense, have been banished or
sent from the United States, or from the States not in re-
bellion to the rebellious States 5 and the names, times, al-
leged offenses or cause thereof, and whether with or with-
out trial j and if tried, before what court.
Mr. KERNAN. I move the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. SCHENCK. Would it be in order to
move the reference of this resolution to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, who already have this
subject under consideration ?
'The SPEAKER. That motion would not be
in order,while the demand for the previous ques-
tion is pending.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I move that
the resolution be laid on the table.
Mr. HOLMAN. On that question I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 54, nays 53, not voting 70, as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Ashley, Baxter, Beaman. Blair,
Boutwell, Brootnall, Ambrose \V. Clark, Freeman Clark#1,
Cobb, Cole, Thomas T. Davis, Deming, Dixon, Duinont,
Eckiey, Eiiot, Farnsworth, Grmneil, Hu?by, Hooper. John
H. Hubbard, flulburd, Julian, Kasson, Kelley, Francis W.
Kellogg, Knox, Littlejohn, Loan, Longyear, Marvin, JIc-
Brlde, McClunr, Samuel F. Miller, Morrill, Daniel Morris,
Amos M\ets, Norton, Patfrj-on, I'erham, Poirioroy, Wil-
liam II. Ilawiall, John II. Rice, Edward II. Roiiin>, Shan-
non, Sloan, Smith, Smithers, Starr. Tracy, Upson, William '
B. Wa-hbum, and Worthington—54. 1
NAYS—Me^rs, James C. AlJfn, Allison, Ancona, Baily,
Augustus 0. Baldwin, Johu D. Baldwin, Bliss, Brandeaee,
James S. Brown, William G. Brown, Chanter, Clay, Cot-
froth, Cox, Dawson, Demson, Donnelly, Dri^gs/Cden,
Edgerton, Eldridije, Fmck, Ganpon, Gnswold, Hanington,
Charles Al. Harris, Heirick, IJolman, Hutchins, Xngersoil^
KalhfleNeh, Oilando Kellogg, Kernan, Knapp, Le Blond,
Long, Mallory, Marcy, ISJcKmney, William H. Miller,
Jnrm^ R. Morris, \cl<on, Noble. Odfll, Pendleton, Pruvn,
Radford, Bo^s, John B. Steele, WillnmG. Steele,Thayer,
Townsend, Wadsworth, Whalcy, Wheeler, Wilson, Vv'in-
field, and Fernando Wood—53.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. William J. Allen, Alley, An- ,
derson, Arnold, Blaine, Blow, Bojd, Biooks, Cravens, I
Creswil, Henry Winter Davis, Dawe«, English, Frank, I
Garfield, Gooch, Grider, Hale, Hall, Harding, Benjamin !
G. Harris llotehki^, Amabel W. Hubbard, Jenckes, Phnip j
Johnson, William Johnson, King, Law, Lazear, McAlii— ,
ter, McDowHI, Melndoe, Middh'ton, Moorhead, Morn- |
eon, Leonard Myer«, Charles 0'NeiJI, John O'NeiH, Oith, j
Perry, Pike. Puce, Samuel J.Randall, Alexander IJ.Iiiee, j
Robinson, Rogers, James S. Rollins, Schenck, Scoiield! !
Scott, Spalding, Stevens, Stile?, Strouse. Stuart. Sweaf, f
Thomis, Van Vaikeuburgh, Voorhnes, W;ml, EL'.ti B. 1
Washburne, Webster, Chilton A. White, Jo*<*pit W. White,
Williams, Wilder, YVwdoni, Benjamm Wood, Wooahriuge',
and Yeaman—70.
So the House refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
During the roll-call,
Mr. THAYER .stated that his colleague, Mr.
O'Neill, was absent on account of sickness.
The result was announced as above stated.
Mr. MORRILL. If the previous question be
not seconded, will it be in order to move to refer
the resolution to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs?
The SPEAKER. It will. The morning hour
has expired.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the House refused to lay the reso-
lution on the table.
The SPEAKER. The motion will be enLered.
LEAVE TO VOTE.
Mr. HOLM AN. I ask, by unanimous con-
sent, far leave to have my vote recorded in the
passage of the Wisconsin and iatJJ-
grant railroad bill.
There was no objection.
Mr. HOLMAN. i vote in the negative.
CONFERENCE REPORT.
Mr. "WILSON. I submit the following priv-
ileged report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing vote? of
the tvv<- Hou-e-ion the amendments to HuUxe bill No. .163,
an act to aiueiul the twenty-fir«t section of an act entitled
,<An act to define the pay and emolument- ot e 'ifim offi-
cers nt the Aimy, and for other pmpose=,M unpiovj-d Juiy
17, IbO-. ii iv'O m«'t, and aftwr hill and free conference have
agree,! to iceonmieiid.and doiucommeud to umie
ive fioUaCs- as follows:
That till- limine concur in tile fiM amendment of the
Senate, with tile followaiitamendineiu: inline eleven«trike
out the word " volunteers" and in lieu thereof insert tue
words "volunteer or other forces."
That the House concur m the secwui amendment of the
Senate with the following: strike out of the seventh line
ofsaid amendment the word "descend" and in heu thereof
insert the words " lie paidand after the word " heir*'' in
the same line insert the words "or legal representatives."
Tiiat the conferees recommend that the Senate recede
from it? third amendment to said bill.
That the House concur 111 the Senate amendment to the
title.
HENRY WILSON1,
JAMES M. UKliWES,
II. S. LANE,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
JAMES F. WILSON,
E. R. ECKLEV,
W. H. WADSVVORTH,
Managers on the part oj the House.
Mr. Speaker,theamendment wjjieh the Senate
attached to'Jhe House bill proved that Ihe con-
ferring of bitevet rank upon offers of the Army
should not e|rry with it an increase of pay. Un-
der the present system increase of pay is granted
to officers ofgbrevet rank ili the regular Array.
The amendment which thecommittee of confer-
ence have male is to include them with officers of
other forces, put regular, marine, and other
officers upon $ie same footing.
The other amendment is merely formal.
The third amendment of the Senate was one
whereby it was provided that no alien who had
been in the Uni^ft States for five years prior to
April, 1861, and "who, if naturalized would have
been subject to military duty, shall not here-
after be naturalized, any law to the contrary not-
withstanding. The Senate recede from that
amendment, as it will be readily perceived it
might interfere with the naturalization of a great
many persons who are meritoiious, the cases of
those who were minors prior to April, 1861; and
also of those persons who had declared their in-
tentions to become citizens of the United Stales,
and whose declaration had not been made two
years prior to that date. In order to avoid the
difficulties to arise from that amendment the
Senate agreed to recede.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I do not understand
the gentleman in regard to brevet rank.
Mr. WILSON. It puts the regular and vol-
unteer officers upon the same footing.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I should bemuch bet-
ter pleased if the committee had made an amend-
ment to give those who are in command of a
brigade the pay of a brigadier general, whether
they are brigadier generals or colonels. An offi-
cer should not only have the pay commensurate
with his rank, but commensurate wilh the duty
winch lie performs. The old law, as 1 understand,
which authorizes the President to confer brevet
rank upon officers of the Army, authorizes them
to receive pay when they are assigned to duty
commensurate with thebrevet rank. I think that
this bill ought to be amended to confer the same
upon the volunteer officers. Certainly there
should be no distinction between officers of the
regular and the volunteer force. We should give
them all the pay when they are upon the duty
commensurate with the brevet rank.
We have, sir, in the service of the United States
colonels who have been commanding brigades for
two years, and who are simply drawing the pay
of colonels. Many of them have been brevetted
bngadiergenerals and are commanding divisions.
They ghoul) in justice have the pay.
Mr. WILSON. I think there is a great deal
of force in ss.'iiie of the suggestions of the gentle-
man from Illinois; but there is no reason why a
person holding the rank and having the position
of brigadier general should have more pay than
a colonel who performs the same service. We
ail know that a large number of brigades in the
seivice are commanded by colonels. An officer
in the regular Army as a brevet brigadier general
can draw pay and an officer in the volunteer can-
not. We prop6se to put them upon the same
footing.
I renew the demand for the previous question.
Mr. KERNAN. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw that call for a moment.
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. ICERA'AN. I desire to inquire how this
report, if adopted, will affect the laws with refer-
ence to naturalization?
Mr. W1LSON. it makes no change whatever.
Mr. KERN AN. It leaves them as they are ?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. SCHENCK. I propose to detain the
House but a few moments. I know I will be par-
doned for speaking upon this subject, in consid-
eration that this is a purely military bill, and the
Committee on Military Affairs were not at all rep-
resented in llie committee of conference. There
are features of this report of the committee of
conference which induce me to disagree from that
report, and to hope that it will not be agreed to by
the House.
And fust, as to this matter of brevet rank; I
entirely agree with the principle adopted by the
committee of conference, including both branches
of it, tliatno distinction should be made as to com-
pensation or any advantage conferred by brevet
rank between the officers of the regular Army and
other officers of the Army belonging to the vol-
unteer forces. I think they should alt beputupon
the same fooling. And 1 am more inclined to this
because in this, as in many other cases, by put-
ting them upon this equal footing we rebut that
presumption that has grown up that officers of
the volunteer corps are not to be legaided as in the
Army at all.
It is a favorite idea at the War Department,
and certainly among officers of the regular Army,
that there is some magic in the word "Army"
that does not include volunteeis who are fighting
in behalf of their country. And in courts-mar-
tial when organized and upon all other occasions
a distinction is sought to be drawn between the
Army of the United States and the volunteers in
the service of the United States, as if the volun-
teers were but militia. 1 deny that; and I hold
tiiat it is the duty of Congress to defend upon all
occasions the volunteers in the service of theUni-
ted States against the pies^jmption that they are
not as much—being mustered into that service—
employed by the United States as a portion ofits
Army, as any other forces in the field. Why,
the distinction, I understand, between the militia
and volunteers is a problem. Your militia organ-
ization, there being no general national militia
law, is an organization which is instituted under
the legislation of the several States; and when the
militia of the States therefore, there being no
militia of the United States properly so-called, is
called into the service of theUnited States it goes
into the service in its organization given it under
the State laws. Whole divisions, brigades, and
regiments, with officers of divisions, brigades,
and regiments are bodily taken up as it were and
transferred for the time being to the service of
the United States.
It is not so at all with volunteers. Volunteers
are raised under the laws of the United States.
Volunteers—officers and men—come into the ser-
vice of the United States, and are regularly mus-
tered into the service; and it is the only original
service m which they are engaged; and the laws
of the United States, acting as a national law,
operate directly upon the individual, arid bring
the individual under the control and into the ser-
vice of the United States as a Government with-
out goingthrough any transition state, or without
being embodied into the militia of the States.
It may be said that they are to be regarded only
as the militia of the country, because all of their
officers under the grade of general officers are
commissioned by the Governors of States. We
employ the Governors of the several States to
commission field and line officers only as the
agents of the General Government. The Gen-
eral Government calls the volunteers into the ser-
vice of the United States, not as having been a
partof the militia of the States, but as laised in the
several States under national legislation, and the
Governors of the States acting as agents of the Gen-
eral Government in giving the commissions. Kat
the moment the commission is gran led and i he offi-
cers are mustered into the service of th- United
States the State conlrol ceases and it has no further
powerover them. TheGovernorsate then/unc/its
officio as regards their agency for the United
States,and all further control ceases over officers
mustered into the service of the United States.
I make these general lemaiks because officers
of volunteers, being equal to those of ihe regular
Army, and being part of the Army of ihe United
States and of the great national foiees of the
country, there otitrht no! to lie any disiim-Uon
made in this way bt tween them; and the^edir,iinc-
tions in regard to brevet riuik aie piops rly repu-
diated by the conferees upon both .sides. Kut I
disagree to the conclusion. ! disagree that, while
they are put upon the same level and upon the
same footing, they ought to be deuied altogether ,
