1865, :
THE CONGRESSIONAL:' GLOM
m
either in the regular Array or in the volunteer
forces, any advantage in the way of compensa-
tion by reason of brevet rank for the duties really
performed by them. I hold that^on the con-
trary, instead of both being put upon the same
level, and that level being to be deprived of all
compensation on account of this brevet rank and
the duties discharged under the brevet commis-
sions, they ought to be put upon the same level,
but that that level ought to be pay to both of
them. I hold that where brevet rank is assigned,
whether it be to a regular Army officer or to an
Army officer of the volunteer forces,,in either
case, if the officer be assigned to duty according
to that brevet rank, if, for instance, as a colonel
he commands a brigade and undertakes all the
responsibilities and performs all the functions of
a brigadier general and is compelled to maintain
the position of a brigadier general, and not only
to incur that responsibility but to meet any addi-
tional expenses involved in this elevation of posi-
tion, he ought to be paid for such services.
L hope, therefore, that the report of the com-
mittee of conference will be rejected, and that if
the amendment of the Senate is to be modified
it will be modified in another way, and the Senate
will be called upon to agree to put, as the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs proposes to do, these
officers upon the same footing, but that that foot-
ing shall be the receiving of compensation for
bievet rank when assigned to service correspond-
ing to that rank.
Mr. GANSON. I would ask the gentleman
whether when brevet rank is conferred oil a regu-
lar Army officer to the command of volunteers he
draws the same pay that he would do if not as-
signed to the command of volunteers.
Mr.SCHENCK. No, sir.
Mr. GANSON. Why should he not?
Mr. SCHENCK. What I mean is this: if a
regular Anny officer is brevetted and specially
assigned to duty corresponding with his brevet
rank, while doing the duty of that brevet rank
he should receive the pay of his brevet rank;
that is to say, when a colonel or captain of the
regular Army is brevetted a brigadier general and
is assigned to the duty of his bievet rank he
should-receive pay as a brigadier general.
Mr. GANSON. Suppose he is assigned by
brevet as a brigadier general of volunteers ?
Mr.SCHENCIC. Then I presume he counts
as a volunteer officer.
Mr. GANSON. Why should there be any
distinction? When an officer of the regular Army
is brevetted as a brigadier general of volunteers,
why should he not have the pay of a brigadier
general?
Mr. SCHENCK. I say there ought not to be
any distinction. I say that every brevet rank
ought to carry along with it the pay of that bievet
rank when the duties are actually performed. ,
Mr. GANSON. Why should they not all be
placed upon an equality by giving to volunteer
officers the same pay that regular Army officers
now draw ?
Mr. SCHENCK. That isjustwhatlamcon-
tending for.
Mr. GANSON. I am happy, to find that I
agree with the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. SCHENCK. The committee of confer-
ence have agreed to the idea that they shall be
put upon the same footing. That, I contend, is
right. But what is that footing? Why, that
neither of them shall receive pay.
Mr. GANSON. That is all wrong.
Mr.SCHENCK. Now 1 say that they should
receive pay for the rank to whichtheyare assigned.
Mr. WILSON. I must now claim the floor.
I think I have given away enough of my time.
Mr. SCHENCK. Well, considering that the
Committee 011 Military Affairs, this being purely
a military bill, were not represented at all on the
commntoe of conference, 1 think I have not im-
posed on the patience of the House or of the chair-
man of the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. WILSON. I do not regard it as any im-
position.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from Ohio that this bill emanated from
the Judiciary Committee of the House and was
acted on by the Judiciary Committee in the Sen-
ate. The Committee on Military Affairs took no
cognizance of it when it came back from the Sen-
ate with amendments.
Mr. SCHENCK. I beg leave to explain. 1
mean to say that the matters in dispute between
the two Houses are purely of a military charac-
The SPEAKER. That may be, but the gen-
tleman from Ohio did not claim any cognizance
of the bill when it came back from the Senate and
the chairman of the Judiciary Committee did.
Mr.SCHENCK. I never heard of it. With-
out complaining of the ifact tfiat there was no rep-
resentation of the Military Committee upon the
committee of conference, I think we at least
should be heard, as we have decided opinions
upon this subject.
Mr. WILSON. I think the gentleman has been
heard. I acknowledge theextensive jurisdiction
of the Committee on Military Affairs; 1 know it
extends to aim >st everything; but-'I am not pre-
pared to yield the principle that a bill that origin-
ates in the Judiciary Committee, or in any other
appropriate committee of this House, must pass
under the exclusive jurisdiction of the Military
Committee, merely because the Senate see proper
to put a military amendment'upofi that bill.
This bill originated with the Judiciary Com-
mittee of this House. When it went to the Senate
it related solely to the subject of naturalization;
extending to persons in, the Navy the same privi-
leges in regard to naturalization that were extended
by the act of 1862 to persons in the Army. That
was all there was in the bill. -The Senate amended
it so as to prevent an increase of pay following
the conferring of brevet rank. It is true that had
nothing to do with naturalization; but because of
that it does not transfer the bill to the jurisdiction
of the Military Committee. 1 think thegentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] has not very well con-
sidered the subject of brevet rank and brevet pay,
notwithstanding he is the chairman of the Military
Committee. I do not understand that it was ever
contemplated to establish the policy of conferring
brevet rank and carrying increased pay with it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will ask the gentleman
whether prior to this war it has ever been other-
wise, when the assignment was made by the Pres-
iderit?
Mr. WILSON. I am speaking of the legisla-
tion of Congress upon this subject since the com-
mencement of this rebellion. The reason for
brevet rank embodied in the act itself is, that in
order that meritorious officers maybe recognized
in some way for the distinguished services that
they may have performed, they may have this
recognition by being promoted to a brevet rank.
But it never was contemplated that that promotion
should carry with it increased pay.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] says
that they should all be placed upon an equal foot-
in°-. That 1 admit, and that is just what this
amendment proposes to do. It does not, as the
gentleman contends that it should, increase the
pay of brevet officers; but it provides that none
who are promoted to brevet rank shall have an
increase of pay. I would like to have the gen-
tleman, although he be the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs,tell me why a colonel
commanding a brigade is not as much entitled to
an increase of pay as a colonel who has been bre-
vetted a brigadier, where he is discharging the du-
ties of a brigadjet.
Mr,§CHENCK. Will the gentleman allow
me to answer?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am very glad of it, for I
was cut off in the midst of my remarks before.
1 hold that that should be one of the objects of
this legislation. The Senate has refused to pass
a bill to drop unemployed generals. There arc
colonels almost by the hundred commanding biig-
ades. They can be brevetted, because there is no
limitation upon that power, and being brevetted,
if they actually perform the duties corresponding
to the brevet rank, that is, ifbemg brevetted brig-
adier generals they act as brigadier generals, then
I contend that whether they belong to the regular
Army or are volunteer officers, they ought to be
paid as brigadier generals, only, however, for
the time they are assigned to this particular duty.
When they full back to their position 111 the line,
and, although they are enjoying the brevet rank,
are not performing the duties that pertain to that
brevet rank, then 1 would have them paiuaccord-
ing to their position in the line. That is what 1
mean. It is to meet that class of cases, where
enormous injustice is done to colonels and .other
officers who are fighting your battles, .that I would,
give them this brevet rank and pay. when th^jt
are performing the du ties pertaining to that
rank. I would go further; I won id yet adrift a
large number of general officers who are n.ot&8jrr
forming the duties pertaining to their rank, and
make absolute promotionsofthese colonels. That
has been tried by t(iis House, but has failed on
account of the lack of concurrence on the part of
the.pther branclt,of.Congress. , - _ ,r,-( , s;
Mr. WILSON. I shall not differ fiom: th<j
gentleman in regard to that; for I voted writb:him
on the passage of the bill to which he refers.
But, sir, the gentlem'an certainly has not con-
sidered the financial phase of this-question; What
will be the increased expense to the Government
of the United States if all the brevet officers are tQ
have the full pay of the rank to which they have
been brevetted?
Mr. SCHENCK. I have never claimed any-
thing of that kind. There are very few officers in
command now who will receive, under my propo-
sition, the full pay of the rank to which they hay?
been brevetted. There-are men brevetted to cap-
taincies who will still receive the pay of lieuten-
ants. It is only where a m.an is brevetted, an$
by snecial assignment of the President is given the
command which pertains to the brevet, that I
would have him receive the pay of that rank.
Mr. WILSON. I understand the position,of
the gentleman exactly- But I haye not yet dis-
covered any reason why alieutenant commanding
a company, but upon whom the brevet rank has
not been conferred, is n<?t entitled to as much pay
as if he held the brevet rank. Yet, sir, if we are
to establish the principle or policy of paying to
all lieutenants who may command companies,.to
all colonels who may command brigades, to all
brigadier generals who may command divisions,
the pay of captains, or brigadier generals, or
major generals, as the case may be, I think it is
not difficult to see that we shall place upon the
Treasury a very onerous buiden.
Therefore I think it best that we should pursue
the policy which Congress intended to establish
when the act in relation to conferring brevet ran^c
was passed; that is, that the rank should bearecog-
nition upon the part of the Government of the
distinguished services performed by the officer,
and that it should not be coupled with an increase
of pay. _
I now demand the previous question. , , .
Mr. GARFIELD. Will the gentleman with-
draw that call and allow me to say one word.?
Mr. WILSON. Yes,.sir.
Mr. GARFIELD. The gentleman asked why
we should not declare that every person who per-
forms the duties of a command should have the
pay of that command, whether he has the breyet
rank or not. 1 answer that there are twoconsid-
erauons which should entitle a man to increased
pay: first, that he is doing the dijty of the places
to which he has been assigned; and second, that
his services are of so distinguished a character as
to entitle him to the rank. .Where those two qual-
ifications center in one man it seems to me-per-
fectly proper that he should receive the pay of the
rank to which he is brevetted. A man may ac-
cidentally, by the mere fortunes of war, command
his brigade for a few days. I would not sa,y that
such a man should receive advanced pay. But
when a man has performed such distinguished
service that the President of the United States
deems him fit to be adorned with a.brevet, and
when he has been thus adorned, and is also by
special assignment doing the duty of the rank to
which he is brevetted, I think it nothing but jus-
tice that he should receive the pay of that rank.
Mr WILSON. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs proposes that this pay
shall be allowed because of the service performed
by the officer in the command, the duties of which
he may exercise. _ .
Mr. SCHENCK. Only in connection with the
brevet. The gentleman continually misstates
every proposition submitted by me.
Mr. WILSON. I am not misstating.
I will suggest to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Garfield] that Congress has already established
the policy of limiting the number of general offi-
cers; it provided that there should not be nu'i'O
| than a certain number (1 do not now recall tha
I number) of brigadier generals and major genet*
