1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Territories. I say it again, and I do not fear Great
Britain or France. Sir, when these glorious and
godlike sentiments are promulgated to our people
and echoed across the Atlantic in France and Eng-
land, the despots there will have enough to do at
home instead of coming to fight the principles here.
God knows the great principles we are contending
for are already taking root on the other side of the
Atlantic, and they will give these despotisms trou-
ble enough before we have any difficulty with
them. Let us stand honestly by our piiuciples
and trust in God that we shall come out all right,
as we shall. I do not fear France and England.
I know very well that we have nothing to ex-
pect from their clemency, nothing to expect from
our own cowardice. They stand upon their rights,
and they are in opposition to us. I mean to
say they stand upon their power, not upon their
rights; they are only limited in their aggressions
agmnstus by their fears, for they know, as I know,
that the reflex of the great principles that we are
• contending for is already shaking the continent of
Europe to its very center, and no wonder despots
turn pale when they look across the Atlantic and
see what this war is for, and see how it is about
to terminate. I tell you, sir, despots may trem-
ble. In waging this war the loyal United States
stand up in defense of the great and godlike prin-
ciples announced by our fathers, and which, in
my judgment, are yet destined to pervade the
whoie earth. There is no step to be taken back-
ward. I know when we threw down the glove
and took up arms in this case we not only made
war with the revolted South but we raised our arm
against every despotism on God ya earth. Wc have
no favor to expect from any of them beyond what
we can defend by our right arm. There is not a
king, aristocrat,"or despot 011 the face of God's
earth but what is violently at war with all the
sentiments for which we contend.
Talk not, then, of stopping short of our true
principles in order to conciliate France and Eng-
land. I tell you, sir, France and England are look-
ing more how they shall defend themselves against
our principles than how they shall wage warm be-
half of the old principles of the middle ages that
they see, as we see, are gone forever. Half-way
measures willnotsavethe people. As I stnted be-
fore, i want no peace, and as tar as my voice and
my vote can go, 3'ou shall have no peace, until sla-
very is no more 111 the United States; and I believe
the President of the United States is with me on
this point. I know thotthcre was a good dealof
higgling about the President's proclamation "to
who in it may concern," but that proclamation
contained the pure doctrine upon which he was
put to stand and to bo voted for. lie announced
it boldly like an honestman,and he never, to my
knowledge, has taken back one jot or tittle of it.
L know you can pick his message to pieces, and
make Rome thing plausible out of it in the direction
the Senator attempted; but I do not read it so, be-
cause i am bound to understand that the President
is a straightforward, honorable man, who will live
up to the principles that he announced to the peo-
ple who gave him thtir votes, and he told them
plainly that there should be no peace until sknery
is abrogated. That is the platform upon which we
put him, find he said that he assented to it; he put
out his declaration in exact accordance with it,
and the people elected him.
T he Senator tells us that some whiffling, higgling
politicians whom I might namg have undertaken
to show that the President did not mean what he
said. Sir, it was a very impertinent thing for
them to interfere with him in that way. I know
that we have men among us who do not believe
in the principles of justice and right, who do not
believe that we can trust the people upon this great
subject, and who wish to misrepresent the position
of the President because in their short-sightedness
they were led to suppose that the President would
receive more votes by having it understood that
he would make peace upon almost any tcrms^nd
save slavery, than he would if he declared, as he
boldly did, that it should be abrogated. I know
that there were such men; I read their speeches
and I read their comments in their newspapers
on the President's proclamation. I despised them.
They had no effect upon the people, who treated !
them with utter contempt and stood by Abraham '
Lincoln, who had put up the true milk of the
word, and they stood upon it and voted for him,
understanding that he stood upon it> and it is too
late for him to back out of it, and he will not do
so, but if he would, lie would be the most infa-
mous man that ever obtained the confidence and
votes of the people by false pretenses.
Whatever some men may say, Mr. Lincoln
stands'upnght on the principle that i avow, that
slavery shall be abolished before there can be
peace. I know who they are that have commented
on this position, and have endeavored to explain
it away, and their comments.go to Europe and
the ruling classes there arc quick to seize these
commentaries on the President's proclamation in
order to deceive their own people, if they possi-
bly can, with the idea that Mr. Lincoln is back-
ing out of the great principles of liberty which
endeared him to our people and secured his re-
nomination and triumphant reelection, and with-
out which he would have had a millstone around
his neck and could by no means have succeeded.
Conservative gentlemen always suppose they are
more numerous than the elections show them to
be. They are about the poorest reliance a man
ever found to lean upon at election time. For
nearly ten years past no man has received any
considerable piomotion unless lie won it at the
hands of those who are called radicals. The rad-
ical men are the men of principle; they are the
men who feel what they contend for. They are
not your slippery politicians who can jigger this
way or that, or construe a thing any way to suit
the present occasion. They are the men who go
deeply down for principle, and having fixed their
eyes upon a great principle connected with the
liberty of mankind or the welfare of the people,
aio not to be detached by any of your higgling.
The sternness of their purpose has regenerated
as it were this whole continent, has revolutionized
it, at any rate.
Sir, the principles that I stand here to-day* to
contend for 1 contended for ten years ago in such
a miserable minority 111 this body that those who
concurred with me were not strong enough to
be able to Older the yeas and nays, and as we
tiaveled up and down the streets of Washington
we were in danger of being bes^t by the myrmi-
dons of slavery. But where arc you now, ye con-
servatives, that then stood with your heads so
high? The radicals have their feet upon your
necks; they stand now upon the principles they
avowed at that day, and they are determined that
their feet shall rest on the neck of this monster
until he breathes his last. In the hour of victory,
when we have the solution of the great question
which we have so long contended for within our
grasp, wuhm our reach, do you suppose we are
now to back down and to permit you to make a
dishonorable pro-slavery peece efrer all this blood-
shed and all tins sacrifice of life and property?
It cannot be. Such revolutions never go back-
wards, and if God is just, and I think He is,
we shall ultimately triumph. Those who under-
take to misconstrue the position of the President
of the United Slates are acting withoutauthority,
I feel certain. If, however, the President does
believe as they say, and dare take the position
they would ascribe to him, it is so much the
worse for the President. The people of the Uni-
ted States are greater than the President. The
mandate they have sent forth for the death and
execution of this monster, slavery, will he per-
sisted m. The monster must die, and die he
shall.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President,I hope that we
shall now be able to take the vote on this ques-
tion, and therefore I shall not go into this general
discussion in regaUl to slavery. 1 desire, how-
ever, to sa}r a single word in regard to a remark
made by the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Da-
vis,] who has offered the pending amendment.
14e says that we are to turn these poor wives and
children out on the world without any one to sup-
port them. The Senator forgets that we pav the
husband and the father sixteen dollars a month to
support his wife and his children. We clothe
and feed the colored soldier, and we nay him six-
teen dollars a month, and With that pay he can
support wife and children. Make them free, and !
not only will his wages go to their support, but
the labor of their own hands will go to their sup-
port. Therefore, sir, the question of humanity i
raised by the Senator from Kentucky disaonears ]
111 view of the facts. We have 1;. our service a I
great number of men from De^ware, West Vir- !
gima, Kentucky, Missouri, and Tennessee,whose ■
wives and children are held in bondage. It is es-
timated by those who know something about the
number of men we hav'e raised in these States that
the passage of this joint resolution will make free
from seventy-five to one hundred thousand women
and children.
It will certainly bean encouragement to men to'
enlist that thereby their wives and children will
be made free. It will give contentment, it will fir&
the heart and nerve the arm of the soldier already
in the service to know that his wife and children
a re free. Itwilladd to the strength and efficiency
of the men already in the field. Therefore, sir,
to encourage colored men to enter the service—
and we want every one we can get—and to add
to the efficiency of the colored men already en-
listed, we propose to make their wives and their
children free. That is the simple proposition
before the Senate to-day. That the master will
come hereafter and ask of this Government to
make compensation to him I have not a doubt,
and I am willing to trust to the justice of Con-
gress and to the justice of the nation.
I will simply add that I hope the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Kentucky, which
would confine the operation of the resolution to
the soldiers hereafter to be enlisted, will not re-
ceive the sanction ofthe Senate. It is a sad thought
that brave men who are dying for their country,
men who are periling their lives in front of rebel
legions, men who are in the trenches before Rich-
mond under the firo of rebel cannon, men who
are bearing vour flfg in various parts of the coun-
try, men who hold the Mississippi river, men
who are serving the country with fidelity, it is a
sad thought that such men are troubled by the
consideration that their wives and their children
at homo are left to the tender mercies of men who
do not believe that they ought to be in the service
of their country. It is wrong; and, sir, justice,
humanity, and patiiotism all demand the passage
of the measure before the Senate in order to rem-
edy that wrong, and I hope that we shall now*
have a vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question ison
agreeing to the amendment peoposed by the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis.]
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. POWELL. I offer the following amend-
ment by way of a proviso:
Provided, That no ehve shall be emancipated by virtue
of tlusi resolution until the owner of the fciuve or staves so
emancipated shall be pan! a just compensation.
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.Wilson}
saystt he has no doubt that the matter of compen-
sation to the owner will hereafter be considered
by Congress. Now, sir, I do not think we can
pass a bill or resolution like this, if we act in obe-
dience to the Constitution, unless we declare in
the enactment itself that compensation shall be
granted. When at the last session the law was
passed to enroll negroes and place them in the
Army, Senators would not consent to pass it until
a ptovision was inserted in it that the master
should be compensated. To be sure, the compen-
sation then provided was a very inadequate one;
and inadequate as it was it has never been paid.
The amendatory conscription law, as it was-cailed,
of the last session, icquired a commission to bo
j appointed to hear the claims of slave-owners, and
- provided for paying to the owner of every slave
who volunteered a sum not greater than §300, and
$100 to the*owner where me slave was drafted.
Senators putin t hat provision, i suppose, to allay
their conscientious scruples before they could vole
totnke slaves for the Army. That was the sole
object of the provision, it was a kind of salvo
to the conscience. Now, sir, it is plainly written
in the Constitution of the country—I read from
the fifth article of the amendments—-that no man
shall <kbe deprived of life, liberty, or prooerty,
without due process of law; no'r shall private
property be taken for public use without just
j compensation." I do not see how Senators who
s regard their fidelity to the Constitution, who are
, disposed to obey the oath they have taken to sup-
' port it, can vote for this resolution, taking men's
: property without providing for any compensation
to them.
! But without regard to that question, I can find
no warrant in the Constitution for passing the
joint resolution itself. When this question was
last under discussion, the Senator fiom Massa-
' ciiusctts [Mr. ScMNsn] undertook, as I under*
