932
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
als. That was intended, in part, as a measure
fop the protecfon of the Treasury of the eouiitry.
But if we are to declare that a brevet rank shall
carry with it the full pay of that rank we in effect
repeal that act of Congress.
Mr. GANSON. 1 would suggest to the gen-
tleman that if he wants to protect the Treasury
he should procure the discharge of many of the
brigadier generals and major generals who are
not in service. The President has the power to
do it.
Mr. WILSON. The gentleman voted against
the bill which had that object in view.
Mr. GANSON. The President has the power
now, and if he wants to protect the Treasury he
can exercise it.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. Speaker, on Saturday
this House passed a bill to increase the pay of
officers beneath the rank of brigadier generals
twenty-five per cent. It does seem to me that so
far as the mere question of pay is concerned that
is sufficient. But if we are to follow the policy
now advocated by the Committee on Military
Affairs we shall in effect destroy this system of
conferring brevet rank.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman from
Iowa and the House will remember that the House
has twice passed a bill to provide for retiring from
the Army unemployed general officers, for the
purpose of lessening the number of that rank
drawing pay out of the Treasury of the United
States, but the Senate have studiously and per-
sistently defeated the aclion of the House in that
direction. While they propose to limit the num-
ber of brigadier and major generals in the Army,
they refuse to agree with the House in providing
a method for getting rid of these superabundant
major and brigadier generals in the Army who are
not performing the duty which lower officers are
performing. While they are doing that, while
the responsibility is now upon the Senate for the
drones about the country who are performing no
duty but drawing their pay from the Treasury,
they refuse to allow a man who has earned his
brevet and who is performing the duty commen-
surate with that brevet to draw the pay. The
responsibility is upon the Senate. When the
Senate will pass our bill and get rid of these un-
necessary officers then the men who have been
justly said to be adorned with brevet rank will
get full pay. But until that time, while these men
are performing this meritorious duty by assign-
ment as brevet major generals and brigadier gen-
erals, I say that it is gross injustice to refuse to
pay them according to their brevet rank.
Mr. WILSON. The policy which the gentle-
man wishes to carry out will prevent this rank
by brevet from adorning any more officers of the
Army; for if it is found, as I have already said,
that it will carry increase of pay not only to those
who have been already brevetted but to those who
will be brevetted in the future, as a matter of
course the President must stop brevetting, because
we cannot stand the additional expense.
I demand the previous question.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope that the demand for
the previous question will be voted down, for the
gentleman's last lemark shows that he does not
understand the question.
Mr. WILSON. I understand it quite as well
as the gentleman.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 30,
noes 62.
Mr. WILSON demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, as I was not
permitted to complete the remarks which 1 was
submitting before, because the gentleman would
not spare time, I am glad of time for additional
discussion and consideration. And before I make
any further remarks let me say again that I am
not to be understood as complaining that no
member of the Military Committee was put upon
this committee of conference, but 1 mean to be
understood in this wise: that a bill relating to
some matter pertaining to the Judiciary Commit-
tee passed this House and went to the Senate,
and the Senate put upon that bill an amendment
pertaining purely and exclusively to the Com-
mittee oil Military Affairs, principally in regard
to the matter of brevet rank; and therefore, as the
gentleman represents, the Judiciary Committee
had sharge in the committee of conference, at-
tention not being called to it. And we are told that
the difference between the two Houses is not the
main masterofthe bill, buta military matter which
had been ingrafted upon the bill. It was not ask-
ing too much, when that subject had been consid-
ered by the Military Committee, that we should
be heard on the subject. I know that the Mili-
tary Committee of the Senate entertained views
that nobody having brevet rank, whether regular
or volunteer, should have the pay, while dis-
charging the duty, of that brevet rank, while I
was decidedly of the opinion that when they
were assigned to duty they should have the pay
corresponding to the brevet rank. While I agree,
therefore, in the general idea on the part of the
conference committee on the part of the House
and Senate, that they should be all put upon the
same footing, I disagree to the report m regard
to what that footing is to be.
The gentleman has unnecessarily thrown his
flings upon the Military Committee. I repeat
what I have said before". 1 only came into this
debate because it is in reference to a matter purely
and exclusively relating to that class of subjects
intrusted to the committee of which 1 am chair-
man. Whether I know much or little, or whether
the Military Committee is competentor incompe-
tent to consider these matters, it is possible that
they know as much about them as the chairman
of the Committee on the Judiciary. We claim
no exclusive knowledge on this or any other sub-
ject. The flings were unnecessary and uncalled
for.
Mr. WILSON, They only came because called
for by the statement of the gentleman now upon
the floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. That may be a matter of
opinion. They were unsustained by any prop-
osition made either by myself or either of my col-
leagues on that committee during the little op-
portunity we had of being heard by interpolating
remarks during the time the gentleman from Iowa
claimed for himself before he sought to call the
previous question.
The proposition I made is so continually mis-
understood, if not misrepresented, by the chair-
man of the Committee on the Judiciary, [Mr.
Wilson,] that I repeat it. I have not said that
brevet rank ought to carry along with it a com-
pensation corresponding with the rank thus con-
ferred. I have said that where for meritorious
services an officer has been honored by that rank
by the President of the United States he ought
to have, in consequence of that rank, the pay
pertaining to it when he is called upon by spe-
cial assignment of the President to perform the
duty pertaining to a command appropriate to the
rank.
Now, when we make brevet officers by the hun-
dreds and thousands, and a great many have been
made, they carry along with them the recognition
of the military servicesof the officers upon whom
that rank has been conferred, but they do not carry
with them, nor has any one of the members of
the Military Committee nor anybody else in this
Hall, that I know of, ever claimed, as represented
by the chairman of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, that this brevet rank should carry along
with it the compensation.
Mr. WILSON. If I misunderstood the gen-
tleman, of course I wi3h to be'^orrected; but I
put this question to the gentleman: why"should
not a colonel, commanding a brigade, have in-
creased pay corresponding with his command, if
that increase of pay is given to a colonel who has
been brevetted a brigadier?
Mr. SCHENCK. I will answer the gentle-
man, and in answering I will have to repeat what
my colleague said. A lieutenant sometimes com-
mands a company, and does the duty of a cap-
tain; a captain may command a regiment; or a
major or colonel may command a brigade. That
is an accident of the seivice. It is one of the
chances of the service; but it is not proposed
when by the chances of the service a man may
temporarily be in such a position, no matter how
long it may continue, he shall therefore have the
pay of the command in which he is employed.
But if a man who thus commands has been
honored by an increased rank for meritorious
services, and has been specially assigned by the
President to that command as one pertinent to his
ability and position, all these things concurring
make up a case which entitles him to pay.
We do not claim, nor 1ms any one pretended,
that any chance command of a company by a
lieutenant, or a chance command of n brigade by
a colonel, shall carry along with it pay; but we
say that where a man has been selected for his
distinguished character and sei vices and the in-
creased rank luis been given him by brevet, and
that is followed up by a special assignment to a
command corresponding to the brevet rank, then
he should have the pay of that rank. That is all
we contend for. And I say that was the law be-
fore this war. In 1818 a law was passed which,
m regulating the pay of brevet officers, provided
that brevet officers shall he entitled to receive the
pay and emoluments of brevet rank when the
duty and command were according to their brevet
rank, and at no other time; arid that no brevet
commission should thereafter be conferred except
by the consent and advice of the Senate.
Some two years or more ago an act was passed
by Congress empowering the President to confer
this distinguished honor of brevet rank upon vol-
unteers as well as upon officers of the regular
Army. That law stood upon the statute-book
a year and a half before any brevet rank was
conferred upon any volunteer officer; but the
pressure soon became so great that the President
began to confer the rank, and now many volun-
teer officers hold a brevet rank. But Congress
provided in that law thatsuch brevet rank should
not carry along with it pay,even when specially
assigned to a command corresponding with the
brevetrank. And the disbursmgofficers in the pay
department have construed that not to be a limit-
ation upon those brevetted in the regular Army,
but that they should have their pay. Thus an in-
vidious distinction was made between officers of
the regular Army and officers of the volunteer
corps. The Senate come forward and now say
they will not elevate the volunteerofficers to the
condition of the officers of the regular Army, and
give them, when specially assigned to duty, pay
according to the rank, but will drag down the
Army officers to the level of the volunteer offi-
cers. I say it is all wrong. I am radical in my
opinions upon this subject. I say that the idea
ought to be just reversed, and that volunteer offi-
cers should be elevated toacondition to enjoy the
same advantages which were given to the*©fficers
of the regular Army, and I would make no dis-
tinction between them.
But to repeat the proposition, I would give to
the officer, not when he is brevetted, but *hen,
as will only happen perhaps once in a hundred
cases, he is not only brevetted but by special as-
signment of the Presidentis directed to take com-
mand corresponding to the rank given to him by
brevet, the pay also which corresponds to that
rank.
I hope now that I am understood, although
the chairman of the Judiciary Committee seemed
to have some difficulty in comprehending the
proposition that I made.
Mr. WILSON. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman that there are some cases in which the
remedy proposed by him would act very unjustly.
I have in my mind several colonels who have for
the last year been commanding brigades and
divisions. 1 am reminded by thegentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Eckley] of one case where a colonel
has been commanding a brigade for two years or
more. I know that many of these officers were
recommended by their superior officers, and
among them General Sheinian, for promotion
long ago. They were not promoted, but they
were assigned to these commands, some of them
because of their merit as officers and not merely
by the accidents of service; and yet they have
been discharging those duties belonging to a higher
grade without advanced pay. Now, it does seem
to me that if they are discharging the same grade
and class of duties that brevet officers would be
called on to discharge if we give additional pay
to brevetrank, it ought also to be given to colonels
who have performed the same duties without
brevet; and yet I do not understand that the gen-
tleman's proposition includes those cases.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 do not yield to the gen-
tleman in the sympathy that I have—and I think
the House has had some reason to believe that I
have such sympathy—with these colonels com-
manding brigades. 1 have been trying in various
forms to come to their relief for two years, bul
the Senate will not agree to it.
