im
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
stood him, to give reasons why the proposed law
was constitutional. He made a most singular
speech for a lawyer, and especially for a consti-
tutional lawyer, as I believe he claims to be. The
thing really looked funny. If it had not been the
utterance of agrave Senator Ishould have thought
it was all twaddle and bosh. He made a speech
to prove to the Senate that this measure was con-
stitutional, and he never referred to the Constitu-
tion a tall; never cited a single letter, line, sentence,
or clause in that instrument, and he sat down as
if lie had proved to the Senate that the act was
constitutional. Is not that a most singular kind
of argument to be made in this body, to prove to
the Senate of the United States that a proposed
law is constitutional, which does not suggest a
single provision of the Constitution to sustain it?
If we had been a set of crazed idiots he could not
have treated us differently.
I have been taught to believe that the Federal
Congress has no power except that which is con-
ferred by the Constitution, and, indeed, that is
the express language of the instrument itself.
The Senator, however, not only failed to show
that there was warrant in the Constitution for the
exercisewf this power, but he made no effort to
do away with those express provisions which
forbid it. That is the kind of constitutional aigu-
ment we had from the Senator !
The other Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Wilson,] who introduced the joint resolution,
had the good taste not to indicate that he would
make a constitutional argument upon it. That
Senator's sound practical good sense taught him
that any constitutional argument of the question
would but subject him to laughter; he knew that
there was no provision in the Constitution author-
izing such a measure, and hence he did not under-
take to sustain it upon constitutional grounds.
He merely announced that he thought the power
existed, but his colicaguc rose gravely in the Sen-
ate to discuss a constitutional question, and he
made the kind of argument which I have indi-
cated. Tie, said that Congress has passed a law
for another purpose, and hence that it settled the
principle, in all my life I never heard such a
constitutional argument before!
Then comes the worthy Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Wade,] with the blunt honesty and candor which
always characterize him, and he makes a speech
111 winch he does notptetend to say that the meas-
ure is constitutional. He rather scouts those who
talk about the Constitution, and he says that he
supports themeasure upon high prineiplesofright.
He proclaims, however, that it is constitutional,
and to prove that he reads the affidavit of a negro
on another subject. That affidavit disclosed a hard
kind of case about a poor negro, but ltdid notdis-
close that his former master puthis wife and chil-
dren in that camp. 1 dare say that if the Senator
would go among the camps of our soldiers he
would iiml while women and children hanging
about their husbands and fathers, and ho must
know that a good soldier, one who preserves dis-
cipline in hns army, would put them out, and that
is all that there was 111 that matter. Then he says
that there was a lamentable case which he saw
himself of a woman and child who were battered
and bruised. I have no doubt that the Senator
saw just what he tells us he saw. 1 have no doubt
that the persons who inflicted that injury on that
poor woman and child were bad persons. Butif
the Senator takes the trouble to look at any daily
newspaper in his own State, he will find as harsh
cruelties in/licted on children by their parents all
of whom are white. That provesnofhingexcppt
that there are bad and wicked persons who are
cruel to slaves, and bad and wicked persons who
are cruel to their own offspring.
But, sir, that kind of sickly sentimentality is
not to govern this body in the exercise of a con-
stitutional power. The Senator from Ohio goes
further, and tells us openly and boldly what I
liave known to be the fact for more than two
years, that the object of this war is to crush the
institution of slavery, and not to restore the Union
as it was. I am obliged to the Senator for his
bold utterances. I like truth, candor, boldness;
I abhor from the bottom of my heart your sickly
trimmers and dodgers. They are unworthy the
confidence of the country, unworthy the confi-
dence of their associates, unworthy the confidence
of men animated by the principles of manhood.
The Senator from Ohio, however, comes up boldly
to the work, and he wants this war to continue
for the purpose of bringing about the, to him,
most cherished of all objects, the destruction of
the institution of African slavery; and he tells
you that he is glad that the rebels stand out
stoutly and fight with heroic valor. It is well for
that Senator thathe is enrolled among those who
are counted par excellence loyal men. If a poor
Democrat had uttered that sentiment he would
have been denounced as disloyal, and perhaps ere
this time some Senator would have offered a reso-
lution to expel him from this Hall. The Senator
from Ohio rejoices that the rebels fight with heroic
valor and with staunch courage. lie says he is
glad of it, and he expresses his great gratification
because that will prolong the war.
The Senator's position is just this: until he
can accomplish the, to him, most desirable of all
objects, the abolition of slavery, he wishes the
war fought on for twenty or thirty years, or in-
definitely. He proclaims to the Senate—and that
he believes every utterance he has made no man
can doubt—that he is glad that the southern people
fight with such desperate valor, because it tends
to prolong the war and to cause this institution
ultimately to be abolished. The logic of the Sen-
ator's propositions then is, that he is willing the
war shall go on for thirty or more years, and he
is glad that the southern people exhibit desperate
valor; he is willing that thousands and tens of
thousands and hundreds of thousands of the
people of the adhering States, his own constitu-
ents in Ohio in part, shall die by the steel of those
in arms in order that the war may be prolonged
to set free a few miserable Africans ! That is the
Senator's proposition, to me a monstrous propo-
sition. The idea that a Senator should be delighted
at the heroic valor of the southern people, when
his own kindred, his own constituents of the
white race, are falling beneath their steel by bun-
dredsofthousands,aud peihaps,aswill be the case
if the warcontmues, (as the Senator wishes it may
in case he cannot effect the object sooner,) by mil-
lions' He rejoices at it because it tends to effect
this object.
The Senator's proposition, if logically carried
out, would clothe this whole land 111 mourning
and woe;it would bring lamentation to the hearth-
stone of every family in this broad nation; a lather
slain here, a son there, and a husband yonder;
and at all that the Senator rejoices, because by
bringing such desolation into the families of the
land he thinks he can free these poor, miserable,
downtrodden Africans. Sir, I have more sym-
pathy for my own race than 1 have for any other,
for my own people, and for my own household,
and for the household of my neighbor. 1 do not
wish to see mourning and sorrow curried to any
family. 1 would to God that the weeds of mourn-
ing could be banished fiom my vision forever;
but if tbeie is to be mourning, 1 prefer that it shall
lie by others rather than by my own people.
I Sut, sir, such are the principles and such are the
sentiments ol' the Senator from Ohio,and I verily
believe he is right when he says that the President
of the United States affirms the same principles.
1 think the message of the President, as they say
out West, was riding on both sides of the sapling.
I know that the New York Tribune construed°t
as the Senator from Ohio does, and the New York
Times construed it as the Senator from Maiyland
does. 1 thought when I read it, to use the lau-
Ruat^e of a rattier grandiloquent friend of mine in
Kentucky when ho wanted to express the word
" doubtful," that the President intended to leave
every person in a state of dubiosity us to what
he did mean on that subject. I thought ho was
muddy upon it purposely. 1 thought he wanted
to get recruits fiom both wings of his party in that
way. I considered the message to be unceitam
and indefinite on that subject. The Senator, how-
ever, is right when he says the President's plat-
form was that way. But there was another plat-
form, and I hope they will not repudiate it before
the term of service for which this man was elected
expires. I refer to the Chicago platform, upon
which Mr. Lincoln was elected for the term which
he now serves. That platform declared emphat-
ically that Congress had no right to interfere with
slavery in the States, and I hope that until the
presidential term expires the Senator from Ohio
and others will confine the President to that plat-
form, and not put him on his new platform until
he is sworn in on the 4th day of March next. I
do not think itis right to swap horses in this way.
The President is not across the stream yet, and
you know he said on a memorable occasion that
it was not well to swap horses while crossing a
stream. Let him get across, let him enter upon
his next term before you apply to him the plat-
form on which he was recently elected.
But, sir, to come back to the question, there is
no warrant in the Constitution for the passage of
the joint resolution now before us. The Senate
refused to pass a law conscripting negroes and
taking them into the service until they put into
the law a proposition for compensation to the
master. JS"ow, I ask Senators to point me to the
clause in the Constitution that authorizes the pas-
sage of this law. There is no Senator here who
will contend that by virtue of his office as a Sen-
ator he is clothed with any power except that
which is derived from the Constitution of the
country, that Constitution which you and I and
all of us swore to support when we took ourseats
here. We have no power except what is con-
ferred by thatinstrument. Point me to the clause
of the instrument that authorizes this legislation.
It is not in the wit of mortal man to do it, be-
cause the Constitution has no such warrant; and
the learned Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Sumner] who made that constitutional argument
of which I have spoken, well knew it. He is
learneil in the Constitution, I admit. I know that
many of his constructions are very heretical; but
he knows every line and letter of the Constitution,
and he would have pointed to the clause author-
izing this legislation if there was one.
These slaves are private property. If they are
not private property, why legislate to make them
free? If they are property, what becomes of the
clause of the Constitution which provides that
private property when taken for public use shall
be compensated for ? You do not he^e even take
it for public use, but you take it, you say, to
animate the soldiers who are in the field, and to
induce men to go into the service as soldiers.
Those whom you want to enlist are considered as
property. You treat them as property. They
have been considered from the time of the adop-
tion of the Constitution to this day as property.
They have been so regarded by all political par-
ties. Your courts, both State and national, have
adjudicated it over and over again. There has
been one concurrent, unbroken series of author-
ity of political and judicial opinion on that sub-
ject, and there is none to the converse. How,
then, can y%u take that property from the lawful
owner without giving him compensation? Itis
impossible that you can do it unless you violate
the Constitution. But, Senators, I am aware
from what I see about me that this resolution is
going to pass. I know there are many able con-
stitutional lawyers who will vote for it; and I
would be delighted if some one of them would
kindly condescend to point to the clause of the
Constitution that authorizes it. My friend from
Delaware called for such an exposition of the
Constitution, and the Senator from iMassaclm-
setts undertook to give it, and never referred to
the Constitution at all.
Mr. President, it is manifestly just, if you pass
this law, depriving these people of their property,
that you shall give them compensation, and the
amendment I propose simply declares that com-
pensation shall be awarded. 1 shall not take up
further time on this question; but before I take
my seat, allow me to say a word in regard to the
war. J n the course of the debate, a great deal has
been said about it. My views in regard to the
war are very well known to the Senate, i have,
from the beginning, viewed it as a thing that
would lesuititi incalculable evil to both sections
of the country. I believe to-day that you will
never restore our constitutional Union by war.
I believe the result of the continuance of the war
will be that the constitutional liberties of the peo-
ple both North and South, which our fathers gave
us, will be destroyed. We actually live to-day
under a military despotism; and in my judgment
you will have it entailed upon you permanently,
unless this war is speedily closed. Tram this
army and keep up its numbers to what they have
been heretofore and are now, for a few more years,
and 1 tell you, sir, men with swords will dictate
your legislation. There can be no doubt of that.
History in all times is full of such precedents.
Some call this a war for the negro, but, in my
