J&65.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. WILSON. I do notfiut it on the ground
of sympathy.
Mr. SCHENCK. Well, then, justice.
Mr. WILSON. I think we should not in-
crease the pay unless we increase the rank.
Mr. SCHENCK. I understand that. The'
gentleman's position is that nobody should have
!he pay of advanced rank unless he is absolutely
promoted to that advanced rank, and that is jqst
what 1 object to. We cannot get them advanced
rank absolutely. This House has tried to make
way for some of these colonels, that they may be
promoted actually, but they cannot do it. Now,
let us do the next best thing that we can; inas-
much as the President may brevet them without
vacancies, let the President brevet them, for in-
stance colonels discharging the duties of briga-
dier generals, in just such cases as those named
by the gentleman from Iowa, and then, being bre-
vetted, let them be brought within the old law
that related to the regular Army by special as-
signment to their commands, and give them the
benefit of the advanced pay. That is what I con-
tend for, instead of turning round and saying that
they may have brevet rank, but that so far as
compensation and meeting their expenses are con-
cerned, it shall be an empty honor, and no more.
Instead of what I advocate it is proposed to
pull down the officers of the regular Army from
' where they have been since 1818, and put them
on a level with volunteer officers in regard to a
denial of this compensation. 1 admit that under
ordinary circumstances command ought to carry
corresponding pay; but we can not cover all cases,
and therefore what I propose to do is that where
the command is by special assignment and the
officer who has the command has been meri-
torious enough to get a brevet to that rank of
which he is performing the duties, that all these
things concurring, he shall have the pay of that
rank also. That is the whole of what I propose,
nothing more and nothing less.
Now, as to the matter of economy; I am not
terrified, even considering the depressed condition
of the currency, and the difficulties under which
we labor in regard to all the relations of the Gov-
ernment during this most exhausting war in con-
sequence of our finances, by the objection made
by the chairman of the Judiciary Committee.
The truth is that comparatively very few officers
would derive the benefit of this law, if you make
it as I propose. I repeat, it is not,as the gentle-
man keeps claiming, every one who is brevetted
who would enjoy the compensation of the in-
creased rank. But when you come to special as-
signments, as since the passage of the law of 1818
has been the case in the regular Army, where the
President of the United States has assigned an
officer to a special command corresponding with
his brevet rank, then compensation should follow.
If they are numerous enough to embrace the fifty
or the hundred colonels who are now command-
ing brigades and divisions, some of them, as I
well know, having been exercising those com-
mands for two years or more, then let that compen-
sation be given to them, although it may amount
to a considerable amount of money. I do not
know how we can more worthily bestow our
money as compensation for services actually ren-
dered, than to give it to those meritorious officers
who hav6 performed the duty while others have
been enjoying the emoluments.
I admit that our correction does not cure the
whole evil. I admit that vacancies should be
made in those places now held by officers who
perform no duties, and those officers promoted to
those places. But as we cannot do all we want
done, in consequence of the want of action on the
part of the Senate and also on the part of the Pres-
ident, let us go as far as we can, and at least pro-
vide for all that class of officers who are presumed
to be among the most meritorious, selected for
brevet, and who do the duty corresponding to
their brevet rank. Let us at least do that, if we
cannot do all we would.
I have an objection to another feature of that
report of the committee of conference in relation
to the naturalization law. I think if the gentle-
man had concurred in what the Senate had done,
putting in a limitation in regard to persons who
have come of age, and other restrictions of that
kind, there is a portion of good in that amend-
ment which it would have been well for us to
adopt. I should have preferred .that the commit
tee of conference had reported differently on that
subject.
1 hope we will not concur in this report, but
that, rejecting it, we may have another commit-
tee of conference, so that the attempt may be
made to bring the Senate to take the same view
that I have been trying to express in regard to
this matter. For, while the Senate and the House
agree that all these officers ought to be put upon
the same level, it should bealeveling up,and not
a leveling down. 1 now demand the previous
question.
Mr. WILSON. Will the gentleman withdraw
that motion for a moment?
Mr. SCHENCK. Certainly, and I will give
way to him unlimitedly, and not for a few mo-
ments merely.
Mr. WILSON. The gentleman admits that
the action of the committee of conference is proper
enough in relation to the amendment which the
Senate sends to the House concerning the natu-
ralization law. He admits that that is not a good
amendment; we thought so, too.
One word more, and then I propose to demand
the previous question on this report. The gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] insists that
a brevet officer, who shall be assigned by the
President to a particular command corresponding
to his brevet rank, shall have the pay of the full
rank. Now, sir, I understand, and I thipk the
history of the Army will bear me oot, that it has
not always been the most meritorious officer who
has been assigned to a particular command by
the President of the United States. General Sher-
man, leading his triumphant army through the
rebellious States, having under his eye every
officer, knows better than the President of the
United States who should be assigned to a par-
ticular command in that army. And yet under
the policy which the gentleman advocates, the
assignment made by General Sherman would be
ovendden by the assignment of the President of
the United States, which might be brought about
solely by influences here at the capital, without
regard to the services which the officer was per-
forming in the field. I understand,sir, that they
are conferred. I understand, too, that many of
General Sherman's recommendations for pro-
motion have lain in the pigeon-holes of the War
Department for two years without action.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. There was no room
for the promotions to be made.
Mr. WILSON. The gentleman tells me that
there was no room. Was there not room in the
brevet grade? I say that the President might
have conferred this brevet rank. I say that Gen-
eral Sherman could determine who of those under
him were most meritorious. But it is not pro-
posed to permit General Grant and General Sher-
man, who have tested and tried the officers under
them, who know better than any others the value
of their services and the meritorious character of
those services, to designate those who shall re-
ceive additional pay; butthePresident, influenced
by members of Congress, members of the Senate,
friends of these officers who are about the Capi-
tol, is to confer the rank and pay upon these men
who are discharging duty in the field.
Now, sir, 1 hope that the House will adopt this
report. Then let this whole subject be reported
upon by the Committee on Military Affairs, and
then we can determine whether the President, in
thus advancing officers, shall follow the assign-
ment of the officer who has most knowledge con-
cerning the meritorious conduct of the officer
promoted.
1 now demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the report of the committee of conference
was not agreed to; there being, on a division—
ayes 25, noes 60.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the House still
further insist on its disagreement, and ask the
appointment of a new committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to.
TREATY STIPULATIONS WITH INDIANS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication fromtheSec-
retary of the Interior, transmitting estimates of
appropriations required for fulfilling treaty stip-
ulations with the Chippewas of the Mississippi,
and Pillager and Lake Winnebagoshish bands of
Chippewas of Minnesota, under the treaty- of the
7th May, 1864; which was referred'tb the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means and-ordered to be
printed. ,
AGRICULTURAL REPORT FOR 1864. ' ; '
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from the'
Commissioner of Agriculture, transmitting ^his
annual report for 1864, with accompanying doc-
uments; which was kid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. HULBURD, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution:
Resolved. That there be printed one hundred and fifty
thousand copies of the report of the Commissioner of
Agriculture lor 1864, fur the use of this House, and thirty
thousand copies for the use of the Commissioner of Agri-
culture.
The SPEAKER. The resolution will be re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing, under the
law.
BRIGADIER GENERAL G. W. MORGAN.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House the following communica-
tion from the Secretary of War:
War Department,
Washington City, February 17, 1865.
Sir ; In reply to the resolution of (he House of Bepre-
sentatives, dated February 26, 1864, calling for a copy of
the communication from Brigadier General G. W. Morgan,
dated Mount Vernon, Ohio, June 0, 1863, with the exhibits
thereto attached, marked from A to <t, being in reply to' a
portion ofthe official report ofMajorGeneral llaileck, dated
December 2, 1862, in relation to the evacuation ofCumber-
land Gap, I Have the honor to suite that the communication
of'General Morgan was a stricture upon an official paper
from Major General Halleck, which was made by General
Morgan after he loll me service, wliich lie was not called
upon by the Department to make, and winch does not prop-
eily belong to its files. rt is nota paper that can with pro-
priety be officially furnished from this Department.
1 am, sir, very respectfully, vour obedient servant,
EDWIN M. STANTON,
Secretary of War,
Hon. Schuyler Coifax,
Speaker ofthe House of Representatives.
Mr. COX. I should like to have that referred
to some committee, to the Committee on Military
Affairs, r.nd I make that motion. I was promised
by the Secretary of War that this communication
should comc here. This resolution was passed at
the last session of Congress, and it was not com-
plied with. It was proposed to expurgate the re-
port in reference to certain matters, and thai then
it should besenthere. Thiscommunication there-
fore astonishes me. I move that it be printed
and referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
in order that there may be some action on the
subject.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COX. I now ask to have entered a mo-
tion to reconsider the vote by which the com-
munication was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, proposing to call it up at some other
time.
RESOLUTIONS OF INDIANA.
The SPEAKER laid before the House joint
resolutions of the Legislature of the State of
Indiana, as follows, which were ordered to be
printed* and referred as indicated below:
A joint, resolution of the Legislature of Indi-
ana asking that those of the militia and inde-
pendent companies of that State who have been
wounded or injured in battle with theenemy,and
the families of those who have been killed, shall
be placed upon the pension list—-Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
A joint resolution ofthe Legislature of Indiana
asking an extension of time for the construction
ofthe Grand Rapids and Indiana railroad—Com-
mittee on Public Lands. .
A joint resolution of the Legislature of Indiana
in favor of the improvement of the harbor of
Michigan City, Indiana—Committee on Com-
merce.
PROTEST OF MARYLAND LEGISLATURE.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House res-^
olutions unanimously adopted by the Legislature .
of Maryland, protesting against Congress au-.
tlioriztng any railroad within the limits of that
State to connect with the Northern Central rail-
road, and requesting that no railroad may be au-
thorized in that State without giving the Legis-
lature opportunity to present their views thereon
before the committee of Congress j which was
