1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
167
opinion, those who look upon African slavery as
the cause of the war are greatly, sadly mistaken.
That is bat the distempered, fanatical idea of
those who had " negro on the brain;" who thought
of nothing else; who spoke of nothing else; who
had no otherpolitical capital to build upon. They
are the men who got up that twaddle; men who
were prominent among the old maiden ladies who
get up societies, and those white cravated crea-
tures who go about, and instead of preaching
Christ crucified, preach Sambo in chains.
This war was not designed by the large slave-
holders of the South; they did not want the war.
I will tell you the cause of this war. It is not a
war of the negro; it is not a war of tariffs; it is
not a war of any particular line of policy; but it
is a war of politicians who were faithless to their
constitutional obligations, and there the responsi-
bility will be placed by the philosophical historian
in all after time. If I were to describe it in a
sentence, I should say that it is a war of politi-
cians both North and South, a war of ambitious
fanatical zealots, and they existed North as w?U
as South. They existed in both sections, and
they were disregardful of their constitutional ob-
ligations. It is that class of politicians who are
faithless to the law, who are faithless to their oaths
of office, and who claim to be governed by a law
higher than and above the Constitution. Any
people who are led by such men will be wrecked
and ruined. There is not a man who has a thim-
bleful of brains but knows that there is no lib-
erty save in the supremacy of the laws. They
lose sight of this wise maxim and take a tilt in
any direction that gratifies their whims and their
enmities. This war was not brought about by a'
majority of the American people in eitherscction. '
There were fanatical, higher-law abolitionists in
the North who disregarded their constitutional ob-
ligations, which wise, honest, and just men were
bound by; and there were in the South a class
called lire-eaters who were fanatics too. Both par-
ties were ready to take up any bone about which
they could make thcficrcestquarrel. They had the
tariff bone at one time, and they came near wreck-
ing the Union on that. If the bone of contention
had been the spinning-jennies of New England,
and they thought that issue would have more ag-
gravated the people than any other, they would
have seized on that bone. The slavery question
was caught hold of by these designing men, men
faithless to their constitutional obligations,as the
one best calculated to excite the people. What
the fanatics of the Noith said, the ijpuiatical fire-
eaters of the South reechoed to their people, and
the hard things which they said would be catered
back to the North. 1 have seen speeches in Con-
gress made by men of both sections, filled up
with long strings of quotations of harsh sayings
by men of the other section of the people of their
own. The historian who will write the cause of
this war truly and philosophically will say that it
was a war of politicians North and South, and
of politicians who were faithless to the obligations
to the Constitution of their country. I ask for
the yeas and nays on the amendment I have of-
fered.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken, resulted—yeas 7, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalow, Davis, Ilc-nulueks, Johnson,
Nc-tmth, Powell, and Saulsbury—7.
NAYsS—Messrs*. Anthony, Brown, Carlilc, Chandler,
Clark, Collamer, Conm^s,Cowan, Dixon, Faiwell, l'oot,
Foster, Grimc-s, Hale, Ilarlan, llarns, lLeiuiri^on, lln-k*,
Lane of Indiana, Morgan, Pomeiov, Itam-ey, Sherman,
Sprague, Sumner, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade, Willoy,
and Wilson—30.
ABSENT—Messrs. Doolittle, llaidinsj, Howard.IJowe,
Lane of Kansas, McDougall, Mornll, Richardson, Kiddle.
Ten Eyck, Wilkinson, and Wright—12.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SAULSBURY, I offer this amendment
as a proviso:
Provided, That the provisions of this lcsolution shall
not apply to or be operative in any State that has not a*-
fcumed to secede fiom the Union.
It is not my intention, sir, to continue the dis-
cussion of this measure by any remarks on the
resolution. I will, however, take occasion to say
that I am sincerely glad that tho honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio has made in the Senate to-day
the speech that lie has made. The country now
will understand from an authoritative source (be-
cause he speaks not only for himself but for the
President of the United States and for the Repub-
lican party) what is the object of the present war;
what we are fighting for. We understand further
that if that object and purpose cannot be obtained
under thirty years of bloodshed, the land is to
run red with blood thirty years longer. 1 think
the thoughtful people of this country will pause
and think.
Mr. President, John Randolph, in his last will,
said that Nathaniel Macon was the wisest and
best man he ever knew. I will conclude what I
have to say now by reading an extract from a
letter ofNathaniel Macon, dated February 9,1833,
It is this:
" When confederacies "begin to fight liberty is soon lost,
and the Government as soon changed. A Government of
opinion established by sovereign States for special purposes
cannot be maintained by force. The use of force makes
enemies, and enemies cannot live in peace under such a
Government.'*
The spirit of this debate on the part of the friends
of this measure illustrates the truth of this say-
ing.
The amendment was rejected.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
as amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole will be read
before the question is put on concurrence.  
The amendment was read. It was in lines
twenty-two and twenty-three, to strike out the
words " during the continuance" before "of any
such marriage."
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. DAVIS. I now renew in the Senate the
amendment which 1 offered in committee, and
ask for the yeas and nays upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
'•desire to have the amendment lead?
Mr. DAVIS. I suppose it is not necessary.
TheSenate well understand theeffectoftheamend-
ment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask to have the amend-
ment read.
The Secretary read the amendment; which was
in line six to strike out the words " that has been
or"and insert u who," and after" may" to insert
" hereafter."
Mr. CARLILE. I did not intend to open my
mouth again in the Senate of the United States
during the brief remnant of the term which yet
remains to me; and I would not now say a wend
if I did not believe that possibly it is but justice
to myself to explain the reasons that govern me
m voting as I shall vote upon the pending propo-
sition. I voted against the amendment offered
by the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Powell,]
providing for payment to the owners of the slaves
referred to in the bill m the event of its passage.
I did it from a conviction upon which 1 have acted
ever since 1 have had the honor of a seat in this
Chamber. In my humble opinion Congress has
no more power to buy negroes and appropriate
the money for their payment out of the public
Treasury to set them free, than it has to liberate
them. Entertaining that opinion, 1 could not,
howevermuch I might have desired to do so, sup-
port the amendment offered by the Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Powell;] nor shall I vote for the
amendment of his colleague making the bill pros-
pective. I shall, of course, vote against the bill
upon us passage. Denying,as Ihave ever done,
the power of the Government of the United States
to conscript slaves or anybody else into its ar-
mies, I have no difficulty in arriving at the con-
clusion that you have no right to pass any such
bill as this now under consideration. The power
of raising armies is given, it is true, by the Con-
stitutionof theUnited States to this Government,
but it cannot raise them by conscription without
destroying that other provision which recognizes
the right of each State to Us own militia. You
must raise your armies m another and different
way than that which you have undertaken by the
passage of your conscription bill. I deny all
power to put a negro, the property of his master,
into the service of the United States in any ca-
pacity, with the power to you to liberate him. It
is beyond your jurisdiction, according to my read-
ing of the Constitution, and upon that I must, act
as a Senator in this body. It was contemplated
by the framers of this Government that the mili-
tia of each State should be Hs protection, not only
against other foes.but airamet the encioachmems
that might be made upon the rights of the States
by the agent which they constituted in the forma*
tion of the Federal Government.
But, sir, if I believed that you had the power
to conscript a negro slave and place him in your
Army and thus profit by the service which he
would render in a military capacity, X would,
with the Senator from Ohio, say that you should
not only liberate him butall connected with him,
I can understand the consistency of gentlemen
occupying the position of the Senator from Ohio,
but 1 cannot understand the consistency of gentle-
men who denounce the institution of slavery as
sinful, inhuman, unrighteous, and the sum of all
villainies, but at the same time will not go with the
Senator from Ohio. Men who believe that under
this war power,or this power to raise armies, you
can conscript negro slaves and put them into the
service of the United States, it seems to me would
not have to go far to believe that you have the
right to liberate them. He who spills his blood
in the defense of his country is entitled to his free-
dom, and all who are connected with him by
blood or otherwise. If I entertained the opinion
that you could conscript negro slaves, and believed
with gentlemen who have asserted the power on
the partof this Government to conscript them and
put them into the military service in defiance of
the laws of the States, I would, with the Senator
from Ohio, advocate the passage of this bill; but
I deny the power; neither do I admit that the
institution of slavery is inhuman, unchristian, or
immoral. I believe to-day what I have ever be-
lieved, that the best condition in which the negro
can be placed is the condition occupied by him in
the slave States. God made the negro inferior to
the white man; hebelongs to an inferior race. I
look upon what you call slavery as a mere system
of government, best suited to the condition and
capacity of the people subject to it. No man will
say that there are any universal principles in gov-
ernment. That form of government is best for
any people which best promotes their comfortand
happiness, which best tends to the advancement
of their physical and moral being, and there is no
other form of government that has ever been de-
vised since the foundation of the world that tends
so much to promote the comfortand happiness,
the physical and intellectual improvement of the
negro, as the system of slavery as organized in
the States of the Union. Deprive him of the pro- *
tecting care of his master and he will disappear
more rapidly than the Indian. He cannot con-
tend with the white race. This you have admit-
ted in your freedman's bill, and many legislative
enactments at the last Congress and this.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the amendment of Mr. Davis, resulted—yeas G,
nays 32; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckdlcw, Davis, Hendricks, Powell,
Saulsbnry, and Trumbull—6.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Carlife, CliancJIer,
Clark, Collamer, Coiin^s, yowan, Dixon, Fanvell. Foul,
Foster, Giimcs,-Hale, H;ulan. Harris, Henderson, Hiek<,
Ilowe, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Morgan, Morrill, Fonif-
rov, Ramsey, Sherman, Sprague, Sumner, Van Winkle,
WadP, Wiliey, and Wihon— 32.
ABSENT—Doolittle, Harding. Howard. Lane of
Kansas-, McDougall, Kesnnth, Richardson, Kiddle, Ten
Eyck, Wilkinson, and Wnght— li.
So the amendment was rejected.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, and was read the
third lime.
Mr. POWELL. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I should
be very glad if I felt at liberty to vote for this-
joint resolution; but as I do not, I will briefly
state why I cannot vote for it. If I were to folic w
the inclinations of my mind I should vote to free
every human being where my vote would have
any tendency to accomplish the object. I am as
decidedly opposed to slavery, I presume, as any
member of the Senate. But, sir, we hold our seats
here by virtue of a written Constitution. We are
here to make laws uruU-r that Constitution. Every
one of us when we came here went up to that
desk, and, appealing to the great"Author of ail
to help us in the oath we were to take, solemnly
swore that we would maintain that Constitution.
I can, therefore,give no vote which I believe vio-
lates that Constitution. I am glad that otheis
can see their way clear. I do not expect to make
an argument here to change anybody's opinion,
