468
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
nor to combat what has been said by any mem-
ber of the Senate, nor to call forth any reply.
I can agree with all the appeals which may be
made for humanity's sake m favor of this meas-
ure. Sir, if my vote and voice could do it, and
I could utter the word or give the vote consist-
ently with the oath which before Heaven I have
taken, I would free, as I have said, every human
being upon God's earth,
"What is this measure ? It proposes to free the
wife and thechildren of any person who has been
mustered into the service of the United States.
"We all know that for many years past the cruel
practice has prevailed—nobody*condemns it more
than 1 do—of selling negroes from the northern
slaveholding States into the southern. They have
gone from Delaware and Maryland and Mis-
souri and Kentucky and Virginia into the more
southern and southwestern States. Now, sir,
take a case. Here is a negro man who was sold,
if you please, in the State of Delaware, twenty
years ago, and he is found down in Tennessee or
Louisiana, not having seen his family for nearly
a quarter of a century. Inhuman and barbarous
it was, I know; that it was so. He has now en-
tered the military service of the country in the
State of Louisiana. The children that were his
were left, in Delaware, and they belong now to
some person there under the laws of Delaware.
He does not know them; he has not seen them
for years; and you propose to do, what? You
propose to say by law that because he lias entered
the service m Louisiana, therefore slaves in
Delaware shall be free; and you do that, for the
purpose of promoting enlistments! Why, sir,
the man hasalready enlisted. This resolution is
not prospective in its operation; but it declares
that the wife, and children of those who have en-
listed shall be free. If you have power to do
this, why have you not power to free every slave
in the land? I believe my friend from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Sumner] thinks you have. If I
thought so, nothing would give me greater pleas-
ure than to vote for it., but 1 do not so understand
our powers; I do not understand that the men
who made the Constitution, and who have con-
strued it from the day it was made to the present
time, so understood the powers of the Federal
Government; and therefore I have been m favor
of the constitutional amendment changing the
Constitution so as to make all slaves free, and to
make them free in such a way as would forever
put it beyond the power of any State afterward
to recnslave them.
I had hoped that this constitutional amend-
ment would pass, and end this thing forever; I
hope so still; but this joint resolution is only par-
tial in its application. It, however, contains a
principle which would authorize the passage of
a bill abolishing slavery by an act of Congress;
for if in the case i have put you can declare the
slave of a loyal citizen in the State of Delaware,
or in the State of Kentucky, to be free, because
the father of that slave in some distant State has
entered the public service, you may declare free
all the slaves in the State of Virginia, or in the
State of Delaware,and you can end the thing atonce
by act of Congress. Believing, however, that we
have not the power to pass such a law, with the
greatest desire on my part to pass it if we had'the
power, holding myself bound by the Constitution
which I have sworn to support, believing that
therq,can be nogenuineliberty exccpthberty regu-
lated by law, believing that we can have no Gov-
ernment worth preserving unless we stand by the
Constitution as it is till we change it in a consti-
tutional mode, I must vote against the passage of
this joint resolution.
The-question being taken by yeas aild nays
resulted—yeas 27, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Mrssis. Anthony, Brown, Chandler, Clark, Con-
fess, Dix'on, Harwell, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Ilale, Iiailan,
Harris, Hie Us, Howe, Lane oi Indiana, Moigan, Momll,
Pomuroy, itainscy, Sherman, Sprague, Sumner, Van Win-
kle, Wade, Willey, and Wilton—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Buekafew, Carhle, Cowan,Davis, Hen-
dricks, Johnson, Ne&miih, Towel!, SauUbuiy, and Trum-
bull—10.
ABSENT—Messrs. Collamer, Doolittle, Harding, Hen-
derson, Howatd, Lane of Kansas, McDougall, Riciiard&on,
Riddle, Ten Eyck, Wilkinson, and Wright—L2.
So the joint resolution was passed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. SUMNER. It is important that there
should be a brief exccutivc session, not more than
two or three minutes, in order to act on a matter
that must be acted upon to-day. I move, there-
fore, that the Senate now proceed to the consid-
eration of exective business.
The motion was agreed to; and after sometime
spent in executive session the doors were re-
opened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 9, 1865.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the (Chaplain, Rev. W. Ii. Cijanning.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
CALL OF COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER proceeded, as the regular order
of business, to call the committees for reports for
reference only, not to be brought back by motions
to reconsider, when no reports were made.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to report from the
Committee of Ways and Means an appropriation
bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that any
business reported during the morning hour to-day
would have to go on the Calendar without debate,
tins being the alternate Monday, The morning
hour will not expire until a quarter past one.
MESSAGE EKOM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney, its
Secretary, informed the House that the Senate had
indefinitely postponed the bill of the House (No.
5S(j) to dtop from the rolls of the Army unem-
ployed general officers.
MESSAGES FROM TIIE PRESIDENT.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolay, Ins Private Secretary,
communicated to the House sundry messages in
writing.
ABOLITION OF SLA.VJ511Y.
The SPEAKER. The next business in order
is the consideration of the business m which the
House was engaged at the adjournment on Satur-
day, being the motion to leconsider the vote by
wiiieh the IXouseon the 15th of last June rejected
a joint resolution (S. No. l(j) submitting to the
Legislatures of the several States a proposition to
amend the Constitution of the United States.
loyalty.
Mr. YEAMAN. Mr. Speaker, our Govern-
ment being based upon the idea of the right and
the capacity of the people to govern themselves,
and the whole scheme being but a moan to ascer-
tain and execute the will of the people, it follows
as a necessary sequence that this will,when legally
expressed, must lie submitted to. i do not mean
we must surrender opinions and principles, nor
abjectly submit to the edicts of a majority, but 1
mean acquiescence in the legitimate result of the
governmental compact, loyalty to the Govern-
ment, reserving, of course, the right, at the stated
constitutional periods, to change our governors.
Observance of this rule would have saved us this
war, and an observance of it now will carry us
and the Government through it in safety. Fac-
tious, heedless, and exaggerated opposition to the
Administration and the verdict of the people will
only complicate the evils we complain of. I am
not of those who have abandoned all hope of
saving this country and our Government. I am
full of hope. I have confidence m the American
arms to overtlnow the military power of the re-
bellion; and that being done, 1 have confidence in
the hearts of the American people that they will
deal justly with a defeated and fallen enemy who
has proved himself so worthy of our steel; confi-
dence that the American mind must see the ad-
vantage of restoring several millions of civilized,
Christian, intellectual, and polite people to citi-
zenship, rather than degrade them or exterminate
them or strip them of their possessions and polit-
ical franchises; and confidence that we will not
forget the lessons of twelve ccnturies of the histoi y
of our blood, which has never patiently and per-
manently submitted to the undue power of execu-
tive heads or capricious majorities. Many and
great departures have been made, as I conceive,
from the letter of our Constitution ond the spirit
of our institutions, and these 1 have not failed to
deplore and condemn in their tune. But J must
say that these departures from rule and precedent
in our trouble have not been so frequent or so great
as has been common with other Governments and
other peoples m times of emergency. There is to
be found no example where so much force has been
arrayed m so great a revolution, and the conduct
ofthat force so much governed by law and the tra-
ditions of the past. In their political resources
our people are the most elastic and the most fer-
tile in the world, and they will soon overcome the
minorevils that have attended the struggle, if they
can only first overcome the greater one of the se-
cession rebellion.
the way of progress.
The silent, flinty, scorched, and tangled history
of the physicial eaith is a history of progress.
The blood and tears of mankind that rccord the
sufferings of men and of nations point the way of
the progress of the race. The history of the earth
and its several creations, demises, and succes-
sions of animal and vegetable life, as written in
the pages of the great stone book, is a history of
change, of progress, of violence, in the political
and moral, as in the physical world, nothing is
accomplished without somewhat of pain and vio-
lence, and he who has taught the " Philosophy of
History," affirms that "every revolution is a
transient period of barbarism." It would seem
that m the moral and political world it ought to
be different, as! these are the provinces of mental
exertion and dominion. But it is not so ordered.
There is so much of the physical and animal in
ail of us, our modes of thought and our conclu-
sions are so much connected with and controlled
by our habits and conditions of existence, that
greatehangesin our convictions of right, of duty,
and of interest, and changes in the form or pur-
pose of our governments, ate nearly always at-
tended by such breaks, hcuts, irregularities, up-
heavals, and subsidences as may, in politics and
war, be compared to the plutome convulsions of
the leading geologic eras. The causes may be
gradual, that is, may be preparing and accumu-
lating a long time, but their denouement will
generally be violent, whether among religions, as
creeds and confessions of faith go down or up,
and martyrs are burned or sainted; or among
Governments, as monarchies, republics, democra-
cies, anarchy, succeed each other in iapid rota-
tion. This is because the bulk of mankind travel
m a circle, repeat history, and learn nothing from
the past. Our Government was framed to prevent
the recurrence of these paroxysms m our politics
by affording % constitutional and organized way
of peaceful change and progiess, and this path
would have been the path of peace had it been
observed. It has been departed from; can we
return to it ? If we cannot, how long must we or
can we fight ?
other example "5.
' The States of Greece fought twenty-seven years
on a question of dominion and leadership in their
confedeiacy, and the great histuiian of the con-
flict, m reciting the violence, suffering, and ineg-
ulanty that were suffered, says that the same
things will always happen under like circum-
stances so long as human nature remains the
same. The Romans bled twenty-one years to
settle questions of leadership among parties and
men, and in the end the empire triumphed over
the republic. From the beginning of the contest
between Charles and the Parliament to the estab-
lishment of William and Mary on the throne un-
der the ancient constitution somewhat improved
was forty-eight years, embracing the civil war,
the Commonwealth and Protectoiatc; the behead-
ing of one king, the flight and recall of another,
the abdication of another, and the fortunate but
kind semi-usurpation of a foreigner. From the
tioubling of the waters in 1789 to the overtlnow
of Napoleon and the reestablishment of the Bour-
bons in 1815 was twenty-six years; and if we
embrace the revolutions of 1830 ami 1848, and
the coup d'etat of 1851, as among the remote but
legitimate consequences of that great tragedy, it
was sixty-two years fioin the fast trouble tu the
final development of the most democratic social
order in Europe, under the most imperial raon-
atchy of Napoleon 111. Hannibal sustained him-
self for seventeen years in the heart of Italy,
was at last compelled to ret?irn,and was over-
thiov.-n at the gates of his own city.
The Romans and Sammies fought fifty years
for the dominion of Italy; and Germany biod
