THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.February 20,
to the disloyal majority should be enacted, the
child was not born in Tennessee who would see
a loyal government instituted there. The only
wise policy, it seems to me, is to establish a gov-
ernment among the loyal. Weak it may be at
first, inefficient it may be at first; not working
with entire smoothness and without friction, it
may be, at first, but the work of their own hands,
to be modified and molded and perfected as they
become more stable and more firm under the be-
nign influence of that principle by which men are
drawn, not driven.
I speak now of one of two classes into which I
always divide the people engaged in this rebel-
lion—thatclass who desire reconciliation, and that
class who deserve to be hanged. With the latter
I have nothing now to do. This bill does not pro-
pose to deal with them. Our hope rests upon that
which I trust and believe is the larger, certainly
a more healthy and more hopeful class—those
who desire to be reconciled. " it is by the estab-
lishment of such a government,"said Mr. May-
ivard tome, "among my people that those wander-
ers driven out from the protection of their govern-
ment, can witness again its benign influence, and
feel that on this side of the line there is peace and
security and justice, and on that side of the line
•war and destruction." Under this system there
wilt gradually grow up aloyal State government
—weak,as I have said, it may beat first, buthav-
ing the true elements of a State—among a people
capable of self-government, and in a land capa-
ble of making a noble and an influential State.
I therefore, sir, am quite as much opposed to
that other provision of the bill which gives over
every loyal man to the mercy of the aggregate
majority of disloyal men.
Sir, there is also a provision in this bill to pre-
scribe a particular method, a fixed iron rule, by
conformity to which alone out of this chaos and
anarchy may be made a loyal government; and
to the provisions in this bill for that purpose 1
desire for one moment to call the attention of the
House.
I have assumed all along that there is ample
authority in the Constitution for these provisions;
or rather, sir, I have omitted to discuss the ques-
tion whether there is authority, and I would de-
sire to get along, if it were possible, wuhoutdis-
cusetng that question at all, for there are objec-
tions, assuming the authority of the Constitution
for these provisions is ample enough—though I
must say, in passing, that I do not know where
they are found—there are objections which to
my mind seem to be insurmountable against lay-
ing down any rule and saying in this way, or in
any other way alone, shall these people rise
from the ashes of their old State government
into the full condition of a new and living State
government. It goes upon the assumption that
there is no power in these people except what
we give them by the legislation of the Federal
Government here to establish a State government
there. Sir, I deny that. I am not able to admit
that it is in the power of the Federal Government
to give them that authority; but this is certain,
that they do not need it. And my learned friends
in this bill have conceded that question to me, for
in the last section of the bill they have themselves
recognized the State government formed in Louisi-
ana and the one in Arkansas, neither of them upon
the principle or in pursuance of the requirements
of this bill or any power derived from Congress,
and neither of them upon the plan of the other.
Why, sir, it is in the people, and in the people
alone, that this authority exists to form its or-
ganic law, subject solely to another provision
which the people, in coming under the Constitu-
tion of the United States surrendered to us here,
" provided that it be republican in form." If re-
publican in form, the character of their organic
law, the method by which they are to.institute
and make it their organic law rests with them,
and them alone. The thing has been illustrated
in Congress. Territories have been made into
Spates and admitted into the Union without en-
abling acts, although we have the power to make
un enabling act. They came with constitutions
which, in the opinion of Congress, were repub-
lican in form, and wjjich received the approbation
of Congress. The State of Rhode Island, out of
that very rebellion against her charter granted
by King Charles to Rhode Island and Providence
Plantation®, Inough't over fiom England bodily
two hundred years ago, withoutany provision for
its annulment, or without any prescription by
which a new constitution was to be framed; the
Slate of Rhode Island, in voluntary convention—
that is, voluntary so far as any authority from
the organic law was concerned—met and drafted
a new constitution of government, and it was
adopted and recognized. The people of Massa-
chusetts, although having in their constitution
prescribed the method for its amendment, in the
exercise of their inherent and inalienable power,
subject only to this provision here at the central
Government that itshould be republican in form,
met in convention, and in dereliction of the very
provision of her constitution, made a new one.
The pretense that it was unconstitutional lived
but a little while in Massachusetts. The winds
blew it away. No man has been able to stand
up there and say that the people of Massachu-
setts could not alter their organic act when and
how they pleased, subject to this restriction.
And, sir, so these people in these several States,
whenever they shall come to understand, when the
scales shall fall from their eyes and they shall see,
can form a new framework of government, repub-
lican in form, and which loyal, not loyal and dis-
loyal people, shall acquiesce in and adopt.
My friend [Mr. Ashley] inquires of me if I
have not recognized a constitution adopted in
Louisiana, under the guidance of General Banks,
a foreigner to the people there. I answer yes,
because the loyal people of that State made it,
adopted it, acquiesced in it, are building up a State
under it, winning back to loyalty and allegiance
and cooperation the people of the State under it.
Now,4 ask him if, while he attempts in this bill
to lay down an iron rule for all the other States in
rebellion, he does not in this very bill make an
exception in favor of Louisiana, and himself rec-
ognize this very government so formed under
General Banks ?
He thinks it issufficiently republican in form if
it has in it this one further element, that a majority
of the disloyal men are willing to have it. That
is all he asks. And then he proceeds in a sub-
sequent part of the stfme section and takes up a
constitution adopted m Arkansas upon an en-
tirely different principle from that—a constitution
originating in county organizations, which form
one grand aggregate of convictions and result in
that constitution. Sir, he says that such a con-
stitution is sufficiently legal in form, sufficiently
republican in essence, and he is willing to adopt
it. And therefore he agrees with me that no form
of law is necessary—no form either prescribed
before or followed by them as their law. He says
that as the people upon the Mayflower, as the
people under Calvert in Maryland, as the colonies
on the James river, as the miners in the fastnesses
of the Sierra Nevada, got together and made laws
that shall govern them and be binding upon them,
so long as they are not in conflict with the higher
alliegance to which they all subscribed, so may
these people, and that that is sufficient, and all
that is required.
My friend wanted to know if the Louisiana
convention and constitution were not the result
of the interference of those very foreigners whose
presence there I have deprecated, i admit, sir,
that they were set on foot by a man who had no
citizenship or residence in Louisiana. But that
constitution did not and does not now derive it£
authority from any exercise of power upon his
part; and my friend, in his bill, does not place
its recognition upon any such ground. It has
just thesame authority and would have bad the
same had Mr. Thomas J. Durant instituted these
proceedings and the people had acquiesced in
them, and out of them the loyal people of that
State, in the absence of any State government,
had formed one of their own.
But, sir, this bill proposes, further provides,
that until a majority of the people of these two
States, Louisiana and Arkansas, shall be found
by an enumeration and census, not to be loyal, but
simply to have taken the oath, truly this act and
all its provisions shall be in full force and effect
there.
The language of the bill is, «and till that time
those States shall be subject to this law." That
is, sir, a " provisional governor," appointed by j
the President, is to be sent down to displace Gov-
ernor Hahn, who was elerted by the loyal voters •!
of Louisiana, and Uovernor Murphy, who has |j
in like manner been elected by the loyal ve.tersof
Arkansas,and who have each been in the full ex-
ercise of the functions of Governor with the ac-
quiescence of all £<>od citizens for a year; displace
ail the State officers so elected in each of those
States, and set up in their places presidential ap-
pointees, strangers, exercising the duties of their
office over a strange people; displacing judges
now in Arkansas, in every comity but one hold-
ing the regular terms of courts; and in both those
States—a State government achieving a success
truly wonderful, surrounded as they are with
difficulties, beset as they, like us here, are with
vain and impracticable theories—order is bein 
restored,loyalty is being developed, life and prop-
erty secured, political rights protected. I am not
willing, for one, to drive back, by the passage <>f
this bill, these people from this attained stand-
point and vantage-ground into the personal bick-
erings, heart-buinings, discontent, and anarchy
surely consequent upon the attempt to enforce
this act upon the people of those States. The
gentlemen all along in their bill, as I have said,
recognize the piinciple, and build their bill upon
it—a mistaken view, as I think*—that there shall
be no government there until all the people, or a
majority of them, have of their own accord come
back into the Union. I say the bill goes upon
what seems to me to be a mistaken policy—that
there must not be any government there until a
majority of all the people have of their own ac-
cord, an4 without any foreign influence of gov-
ernment or institutions, or any winning process
whatever, come back and signified their desire
for such a government.
My idea is that the moment you can establish
a government there, that the moment the people
of those States have got so far back in their alle-
giance that if let alone they can maintain them-
selves, if the enemy from without can be kept off,
if they are strong enough, united enough, har-
monious enough among themselves to establish
a government, it seems to me the best policy is
to let them doit. 1 tell you they must do it sooner
or later. It must be their own work, begun in
weakness, molded by time, protected by parental
care of the central Government, benign, patient,
hopeful in its exercise.
And this leads me to that provision of the bill
which, under specious terms of guarantying to
those States a republican form of government,
dictates to them what those essential elements
shall be. They are ail well enough in themselves,
i some of them fundamental to a republican gov-
i ernment. But, sir, it dictates, does not " guar-
| anty;®'and if we can dictate one provision we
can dictate another, and to dictate a republican
form of government is a contradiction iri terms.
Let us not be deceived into a fatal doctrine by the
specious character in which it comes to us.
Mr. KELLEY. Before the gentleman pro-
ceeds further, 1 desire to ask him whether, within
his knowledge, the delegates who framed that
constitution represented a majority of the terri-
tory and people of that State. I will further,
with the permission of the gentleman, ask him
whether the colored Creole population in Louisi-
ana, the descendants of those whose citizenship
was specially guarantied by the provisions of the
treaty of 1803, are not by this constitution ex-
cluded from citizenship, involving the bad faith
of the country to its treaty stipulations.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, with reference
to the first question of the gentlemen from Penn-
sylvania, he shall have whatever testimony I can
give him on that subject. Tit; desires to know
whether the constitution that has been adopted in
Louisiana was the result oftheaction ofa m<ij<>ri:y
of the people of the Stat#*, or represents t he greater
part of the territory of Louisiana. By the census
of 1860, the parish of Orleans contains within a
fraction of a majority of all the white people ofthe
State of Louisiana. The territory which par-
ticipated in the adoption of this constitution em-
braces not only that parish, but some dozen other
parishes along the Mississippi river and included
between the Amite on the right and the Teche
on the left, embracing nearly all the fertile nver
bottoms of the Slate excepting the lt  d river
Country; hut what portion of the white popula-
tion of that Slate are actually embraced within
tnose limits we have no means of telling | >r the
reason that although the census shows that a
large majority of the white people of the State
