170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
military and financial strength of a people, all the
•members do, by consent or per force, take part in
the struggle. This is a law of social existence.
If conservative men have to fight and pay taxes,
either in a war upon the rebellion or in a rebel-
lion against the Government, though the war be
not conducted after their liking, I am sure they
will not hesitate a moment which course to pur-
sue. For my part my position is well known. I
have never hesitated to proclaim that the war
against the rebellion must go on to a successful
termination although in its progress slavery may
be utterly subverted, and to declare most ex-
plicitly that if I must choose between secession
' and slavery on the one hand and universal emanci-
Eation and nationality on the other, I would em-
race and cling to and defend our nationality,
and profoundly rejoice over every victory of the
arms of the Republic and over every discomfiture
of its enemies on the field and at the polls.
Secession is the essence, concentrated power of
anarchy, and that is the sure precursor of abso-
lutism. We are fighting for the idea of a nation,
and though we may, and probably will, come out
of the contest with some of the practices if not the
characteristics of monarchical power, we will yet
come out of it with.a nation, a country, a theory
of government, an idea of order as opposed to
disorder, of protected rights as against lawless
brute force; and the temporary abuses of admin-
istration can and will be corrected by time, good
sense, and legal remedies in the days of peace.
the amendment.
After much hesitation and earnest reflection, I
have concluded to vote for the resolution submit-
ting to the people of the States the proposed
amendment to the Constitution, which, if success-
ful, will forever settle the vexed and distressing
question of slavery. In doing this I beg to assure
gentlemen that 1 have come to this conclusion,
viewing the subject from a national, and even from
a Kentucky stand-point, and have derived little
or no assistance from those views common to the
members of what is termed the radical party of
the North. Being among those who were defeated
at the last presidential election I would not now
render "a reason under compulsion, if reasons
were as plenty as blackberries." And as they
are nearly as plenty, and as they are found in
jjreat numbers on my own side of the river, i
will offer a few. Without any extended argu-
ment the vote could be justified on any one of
these grounds:
First, the passage of this joint resolution does
not determine the matter, but only refers it to the
people, the source of all power.
Second, that a man with an earnest respcct for
the people, and a profound regard for our system
of government, might very consistently vote for
its submission, and then in his State vote against
its ratification.
Third, seeing- the people have determined to do
it, it becomes the part of wisdom to let it be done
as quickly as convenientand with no unnecessary
opposition. Let the agony be over and the rub-
bish cleared away.
If 1 wanted to justify it as an anti-slavery moas-
ure it would not be hard to find great authority
in my own section. No two names are more
worshiped throughout the South than Wash-
ington and Jefferson. Washington was a prac-
tical emancipationist, and it would not be doing
any great injustice to Jefferson to call him an
abolitionist. No name is more ardently loved
m Kentucky than that of Henry Clay; and Mr.
Clay never omitted a good opportunity to express
his convictions of the great evils of slavery.
In 1822 the members of the Kentucky Legis-
lature nominated Mr. Clay to the people of the
United States for the Presidency. A committee
appointed to correspond with the membeis of the
Ohio Legislature, m urging the fitness of Mr.
Clay's nomination said, " We apprehend that no
mistake could be greater than that which would
impute to him the wish to extend the acknowl-
edged evils of slavery; for we arc persuaded that
no one entertains a stronger sense of its mis-
chiefs than he does, or a more ardent desire, by
all prudent and constitutional means, to extirpate
it fiom our land," arid proceed to state that for
more than twenty yeais he had been in favor of
tiie gradual abolition of slavery. This letter is
signed by William T. Barry, II. C.Anderson,J.
Cabell Breckinridge, J.J. Crittenden, G. Robert-
son, John Rowni, and B. W. Patton, and is
found on pages 148-49, of Judge Robertson's ex-
cellent "Scrap Book of Law and Politics, Men
and Times."
And shall a man be told that it is wrong or dis-
graceful to hold opinions that have been sanc-
tioned by the minds and hearts of such men ?
But I put my action upon none of these grounds.
I go boldly to the practical question and putit and
justify it upon the ground that it is wise and is
required bv the facts and circumstances by which
the peopllf of Kentucky and of the nation are sur-
rounded, and which have been called into being
and power by the war, and which they deal
with and cannot avoid. It is thrust upon us by
facts and agencies not of our procuring, and for
which we are in no way responsible. Kentucky
is being depopulated by the ills of this strife. Her
sons and daughters are leaving her soil and their
paternal roofs to find safety and peace elsewhere.
The exodus is frightful, and if her people borrow
trouble by fighting fate and making a stand for
slavery after it is overthrown, our State will be
hopelessly ruined. In the last six months I have
often heard men of both parties in Kentucky wish
that the President would issue his supplemental
proclamation covering the whole ground, Ken-
tucky included, rather than longer be held in
doubt, uncertainty,and confusion. I have never
wished him to do it because I have never wished
him to do an illegal thing. Those who have
thought this would he a good thing now have a
legal mode presented for their approval.
the issue—diplomacy of emancipation".
The perpetuity of slavery is notthe issue. That
issue was made up four years ago, and the case
has been decided against the institution, one half
the jury being its own friends. Were we to do
nothing and say nothing,Mr. Davis and General
Lee, Mr. Stephens and Mr. Scddon, Governor
Smith, Porcher Miles, and the Richmond press,
would soon overturn slavery on their presentline
of thought and conduct. Indeed, it is notorious
they have resolved to put the negro in the fight;
and we in Kentucky all know what that means
for slavery. When these men turn practical ab-
61itionists by offering the negro his freedom for
his services as a soldier, it is high time for con-
servative men here to cease halting and doubting
on the subject. Shall we debate whether slavery
can be preserved,and make a stand and submitto
an overthrow for its sake, when the people of the
loyal States have pronounced against if, and when
the leading spirits of the rebellion have fully made
up their minds to abandon it, and even to strangle
it in the house of its friends in their franticefforts
to save the one point of secession? Is slavery in
Kentucky worth the misery, the blood, and the
desolation of such a contcst as must ensue upon
any serious attempt to prcseive it? Our children
would say ** if. was worse than a crime, it was a
blunder." Thostfm authority and influence with
the rebellion have fully made up their minds that
they would purchase European alliance, and even
accept colonial vassalage under European protec-
tion at the price of an edict of univeisal emanci-
pation. It is notorious and undisguised that they
would be glad to improve their diplomatic and
military relations with foreign Powers by this
movement. We will checkmate them at this
Same. We will save them the degiadation of
" colonial vassalage" by beating them at war, by
heating them at foreign diplomacy, and by beating
them at emancipation, and treating them justly
and kindly the moment they return to their alle-
giance to the supreme law of the land. And since
it is settled that slavery must die, and that this
amendment will pass in a few months, if not now,
why keep the country in a tuimoil, or have any
fierce contest over it, contendingaboutthat which
is practically settled? If it must and will be done,
let it be done now and have done with all suspen-
sion, uncertainty, and exoitemcnt about it. Events
have taken the place of arguments, and stern facts
thd place of doubtful conclusions. The disturb-
ing forces are greater than we can control. Shall
we manfully yield this one point, already of no
practical value, or childishly resist and be over-
thrown with an institution whose fail is bteiaily
crashing m our ears, and whose ruins may need
to be and ought to be prudently and kindly guided
through the transition period, that worst of all
conditions of society? Seeing thechangeisnow
inevitable, shall we invite violence in its develop-
ment or secure peace to those involved in its swift
rushings? My judgment literally compelsmeto
the position I have taken in this matter; and if 1
lose friends I will at least save my conscience.
Some whose best interests I am now subserving
will quarrel with me for the act. I ask them to
hold their judgment one year and they will begin
to see it as I do, and if in five years they do not
openly admit I was right I may then agree I was
wrong.
"do nothing and leave it to its fate,"
saysone. The do-notliingand say-nothing policy
is not often the right way to treat great questions.
It generally springs fiom a lack of courage to act
or a lack of perception of the right action. "Mas-
terly inactivity" may be adopted when your ad-
versary is unwittingly working for you or hasten-
ing to his own destruction. If my house is falling
over my head I will either prop it or get out of it.
I will not fold my hands and be whelmed or en-
tangled in the rums because it is my house, be-
cause it was a good house, because I love it, and
because I denied the justice and resisted the means
of its destruction. I will deal practically with
facts as they exist. The people of Kentucky have
been conserving slavery ever since this war com-
menced, and I have helped them do it in my
feeble way out of regard for all vested rights and
established customs, and because I am naturally
averse to revolutions. But we must now either
remove the rubbish of an institution or engage in
the vain attempt to mend that which was never
mended when once broken, or be annoyed and
impoverished by a population in the worst pos-
sible condition, being neither slave nor free.
the opposition.
To gentlemen here who think of votingagainst
this amendment let me suggest that since slavery
must shortly cease to be a question of national
politics, may you not make your party more
powerful for good in the great work of defining
and restraining power, which, if you will excuse
me, has been the principal vocation of your party,
by cutting loose from a dead carcass, and declin-
ing to make a party fight for an institution which
is already condemned? By clogging yourselves
with such an issue you may make yourselves
powerless on the great questions of personal lib-
erty, national finances, freedom of the press, and
a just measure of State rights in which you
would then have the cordial cooperation of many
northern Democrats and southern Whigs who
will go for this amendment. It is said you ought
to vote against it but not speak against it. Is not
that an untenable position? Is it over wrong for
a man to give a good reason for his conduct; or
right to do that for which he can give no good
reason? You are freer on this question than I
am. I have interests, prejudices, feeling, and
arguments to combat that are unknown with you.
Have you found it very clearly among your con-
victions of duty to vote against this bill ? Do you
feel very clearly convinced it would be wrong to
remain silent if you cannot give it a positive sup-
port? Gentlemen, there is a power, a beauty,
an eloquence, anda majesty in the living, moving
judgment of letters, of arms, of poetry, of science,
of democracy, of all modern civilization, which it
isidleand sacrilegious to trifle with. Thatmovc-
ment is m the direction of thisamerulment. Our
children may regret that passage of history which
shows that the American people were the last to
join in this grand march; let them not read that
resisting the column it crushed us beneath its
mighty tread! It is a serious thing for each
man to consider whether he shall place himself
in the negative here.
other and future questions.
When this amendment is passed and ratified,
and the people of the South lay down their aims
in a useless contest, let us go before the country
on the questions of universal confiscation, of ter-
ritorial governments for the States, of parceling
o6t the lands of the southern people among fioc
negroes, of raising the negro to citizcn^hip and
suffrage contrary to State laws, and lastly of con-
tinuing this war one hour to accomplish these
