1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
171
hurtful and malignant ends, and those who advo-
cate such abominable schemes will bo swept from
power with a tornado of indignation and a una-
nimity of will that have never yet occurred in the
history of the Republic. Then can 1 go before
the country with my bill for the restoration of
civil authority, and carry it by the acclamations
of the American people. If it be criticised that
the bill proposes to leave the slavery question to
the courts, and by this amendment it is proposed
to cure ail doubt about the slavery question, I
only reply the bill is adapted to the present con-
dition of affairs, and would be well adapted after
the amendment is ratified, because there are sev-
eral interests, which I conceive to be more vital
than that of slavery, which must in the end be
adjudicated by the courts, and that I urge this
amendment, not as a condition, but as a means of
union and peace. "When the whole people can
stand united on this amendment as an accom-
plished fact and not as an exciting topic, they will
speedily abandon or indignantly reject the other
dangerous schemes that are now associated with
this in the public mi rid as incident or necessary
to its accomplishment.
IT IS THE REAL CONSERVATIVE POLICY.
All great movements are advocated by some
fools and some bad men. All great parties have
in their midst a dangerous faction. The great
mass of the northern people are anti-slavery in
sentiment. In this they are honest. It is natural,
and sensible people do not quarrel with them for
it. But there is a Jacobinical, power-loving, law-
defying, plunder-hunting, blood-thirsting taction
there whose strength must be broken. They
were secessionists before the war commenced,
and now, in the midst of a war for the Union, they
would rather expel a slave State from the Union
than to readmit one with a single slave in her
borders. They must be overthrown. Their
power is the power of the anti-slavery sentiment
of the people and of modern civilization. The
tide of that opinion cannot be resisted, and is so
strong that it is carrying with it several dangerous
and vital errors, such as the enlargement and in-
tensification of executive power, the reduction of
States to Territories, the denied of the common
law and constitutional writs of freedom, the sup-
pression of the press, the banishment of untried
and unaccused citizens, and other things, admitted
by the dominant party to be evils, but supposed
to be temporarily necessary and incidental to the
one great purpose of overthrowing rebellion and
slavery.
In passing this amendment we do make sure
the final extinction of slavery, but so far from in-
dorsing the radical abolition party, we rob them
of their power. And it will rob the secessionist
of much of his power, for without this clement
of excitement and power of cohesion, the rebel-
lion could neither have been organized nor held
up for one year on any other question. And I
may here as well admit, and put the admission
4 on record, that while I have constantly contended
that slavery was not the cause of the rebellion,
the very intimate relation which that institution
has from the beginning maintained with the deadly
assault on my Government has not incieased the
little love I ever had for it. Then seeing that sla-
very is already practically abolished, so disorgan-
ized that slave labor is no longer of any value;
seeing that violent and irregular abolition is more
offensive and irritating than constitutional and
legitimate emancipation; to bring to an end the
name and legal existence of that which no longer
has a practical and a useful existence, and to dis-
arm and lay powerless the two disturbmgfactions
in the country's politics, it seems to me wise to
meet the issue fairly and fully, and to make an end
at the earliest possible day of this great element
of disturbance. Then indeed are *the Jacobins
and fanatics shorn of their locks and their strength
departed before the piliais of the temple have fallen
under their mad wrenches.
STATE ACTION AND CONDITIONS OF EMANCIPATION. j
I long hesitated whether this thing ought not to j
be left to the action of the States, and if they could j
all act as promptly as did West Virginia, Mary- |
land, and Missouri, that would seem to answer.
But there are difficulties m the way of many of
them of a constitutional character; and this is par-
ticularly so in Kentucky. My course has been in- •
fl&enccdpaitly by the conviction that the interests ,
and the judgment of the people of Kentucky de-
mand more prompt action than can be had.throogh
State agency, and partly from other considera-
tions of a national character which I hope will
sufficiently appear in the course of this argument.
Five years ago, with no predilection for slavery
per se, but dealing with it as a fact and a vested
legal interest, I would have faypred emancipation
only on the three conditions of graduation, com-
pensation, and deportation. The events of the
war have made these conditions either unneces-
sary or impossible. Viewing that population as
a part of the labor of the State, it seems the general
opinion that thegraduated scale would deprive the
State of what little advantage may yet be derived
from them; their salable value is so lessened, or
I may say destroyed, that compensation is an item
of little importance, and if it were of more impor-
tance the finances of the country could not stand
it; and as to colonization,thatisa question of the
future, and I will always favor it to the extent that
our State and national finances can afford. And
yet 1 apprehend that the next census will show
the beginning of a process of declension with that
race that will greatly relieve the anxiety ofmany
persons on that score. When they are all eman-
cipated they will have a natural butunwisedesire
to leave the regions of their former toils and emi-
grate i^orth and West. There they will come in
competition with white labor; white labor at the
South will be in demand and many estates for sale,
probably in small parcels, which will induce a
large white emigration from North to South, so
that if there are disadvantages in emancipation
they will not fall entirely on the South. And I
have an opinion that from these causes will occur
a natural, but not painful and violent, diminution
of the race that will relieve the next generation of
much apprehension on their account.
Some gentlemen of the North think that by this
measure they will break down what they are
pleased to term the slave aristocracy. They talk
idly about aristocracy. There is as much aris-
tocracy at the North as the South, and a few
years hence there will be more. So far as aris-
tocracy exists without being based on worth or
governmental institutions, it is based on land and
money; and so far as these can erect a social aris-
tocracy they will do it, regardless of the form of
labor that works the land and plies the machinery
of the capitalist.
INSTITUTIONS.
Institutions are ideas. Slavery is the idea of
the rightof one to claim, and the duty of another
to render, in voluntary service. Institutions reach
their maximum, whether of territorial extent or of
ideal development, and then decay or go off in a
paroxysm. Slavery had reached its maximum
in the United States when it was boldly preached
that the thing was divine, and that cotton was
king. And I lemember when a mere lad to have
expressed the opinion that slavery was coming to
an end in Kentucky, when in 1849 the convention
took occasion to retard and complicate the process
of amendment of the constitution, and to avow a
wholly untenable ground m relation to the rights
of property. I will here beg leave to quote from
an article of mine communicated to the Frankfort
Commonwealth last spring:
One ct.iute seems to reoonii//' tlif light of the people
at any (ime in chant!'- men Government"; another makes
amendment impiacucalde undf-r&'von veait. Another
flau-e declines - the iurht of piopeity h befoie and higher
than any constitutional ^auction ; and the light nt an o\\ uei
of a slave to such ;-lave and in increase is the s-aine, uml as
inviolable, a.-> the rivjiit ot the owner of any piopoitv what-
ever.5 To a candid Jawyer, or to anyone at all veiled in the
clement* ol the covcininental compact, this is a lemarkable
(Icciaiauon. Jl it v. a* denned as an attempt to c.\preus the
tannhar nVa, that the notion of piopeity,tncam ct (uitm, is
n.ituial with man, ami piecrdes Wiiiren law, it \va<> a very
awkward attempt. No one doubts the pi unary maxim. But
liure, in oid< r to a--o!t the inviolability ol an interest that
wa> in no danger, a t'aHe punciple j-* a-^unied.that the light
of property is not only befoie \mthigher than any constitu-
tional sanction. A unlit that is higher than constitutional
•sanction l- bevond constitutional divestment; and that this
is the meaning, l^ s-hown by the as>eited inviolability m the
$ ame conf'.u. The light ot eminent domain, inherent in all
sovereignty, and the right oi organized <-oeiciy tocontiol the
U-c of property, and even to declaie, m the fundamental law,
whaUhall be property, are here bwept away at a dasiiot the
pen.
"• Whatever is higher than constitutional sanction is in-
dependent ot it. and such ---auction would not avail it in the
day of tumble. The natural elements, or inundation, of
piopeity aie labm. Ui&coverv,po?sefSion. It h recognized
and M cmod, and' tiansmitted, by civil institutions—con-
stitutional tandion. 15ut, as every man by nature owns
jus own laboij winch creates value, or piopertj, under this
declaration, the right of property being higher than such
sanction, the slave becomes free at the death of the master,
Of coursc no rcs-p'jctable court would decide thus, the
palpable intention being so contrary. The strong man
who first enters the demesne, or seizes the slave, on the
death of the master can hold against the devisees who
claim under the will,and against the heirs who claim un-
der the descent cast, coolly telling them that devise, de7
scent, inheritance, conveyances, records, are mere triflea
of legal invention and constitutional sanction, bat that his
right is before and higher than these, for he is in by pos-
session, control, dominion. It is a lawless, revolutionary
Moctrine. instead of settling, it unsettles everything. It
is now only referred to as one of the many mistakes of
those who would quiet their own apprehensions fey un-
sound and severe legislation."
This looked as if there were a dread abroad in
the land, and in the convention, that the institu-
tion needed extra propping against a Silent under-
mining process that was going on against it in
public opinion.
Whatever agency the institution may or may
not have had in producing the war, the events
and consequences of the war, both North and
South, have placed the institution on the descend-
ing plane, and this tendency is one never overcome
in the history of slavery. Let proclamations be
withdrawn, let statutes be repealed, letour armies
be defeated, let the South achieve its independence,
yet come out of the war, as now seems certain,
with an arrrty of slaves made freedmen for their
service, who have been contracted with, been armed
and drilled, and have seen the force of combina-
tion. Their personal status isenhanced. Their
self-respect, their confidence, their rights are in-
creased. Many of them are heads of families.
They will not be returned to slavery. They will
leaVen the whole mass. The fact, their mere pres-
ence, the idea, if their mouths were padlocked,
would soon have this effect. Then slavery is
doomed. Thesoutherneris infatuated who would,
fight for it, especially with negro soldiers, and the
northerner is crazy who would make a point (be-
yond the suppression of the rebellion) of fighting
against slavery, especially at the price of the blood
of white men. The Union men of the border
States predicted these results to slavery when the
secession movement commenced. We do notfeel
it ourduty now to turn rebels because our proph-
ecies have been fulfilled.
THE WHITE MAN'S INTERESTS.
I go now for saving a Government of constitu-
tional and regulated liberty for the white man. I
am interested more for him than about the negro
The President recommends this amendment. I
would have liked his message better if he had
urged some others; and if I thought 1 could pass
them I would be tempted to offer them here. One
to declare that no State can, for any cause, secede,
leaving the case on the old. and well-understood
doctrine of revolution; one that no State shall nul-
lify any act of Congress, or otherwise impede its
action than by judicial inquiry and judgment; one
drawing with more precision and clearness the
line between State and Federal powers, for it is
upon this point I think our Constitution less aptly
expressed than upon any other; one that Congress
may, and the President shall, not make a general
Huspension of habeas coiyus; one securing the lib-
erty of the press against military and executive
interference, except for treasonable offenses, to be
defined by law; that no man shall become an
elector of any State against the laws thereof, and
dispensing with military governors for States
beyond the ordinary and necessary provost mar-
shal system in time of war, which would save the
necessity for the more specific declaration that a
nulitaiy governor, especially when a candidate
for the Vice Presidency, shall not assume to pre-
scribe the qualifications of voters. These are
some of the political interests of the white man
which I now am striving to secure, and 1 think
these ideas will be more potent when dissociated
from the idea of slavery, and not subject to the
damaging suspicion of being in league with it.
MY OWN EXPERIENCE.
It must not be ill-naturedly said of me that I
make no sacrifice of slave property in this matter.
I never had much of any kind; and if I had to-
day all the money that negroes have cost me in
different ways I would be much obliged to them.
I owned two. One I found itgood to send off for
the safety of my child ten, and the other thought it
a good thing to run off just in time to save me the
expense of supporting her the balance of her life.
And I had two hired. One was stolen away by
