174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
to be Christians, but not quite. The Enquirer
" If we have given to our contemporary a broader inter-
pretation than ilio writer designed, we do not believe we
have misrepresented the determination of our people. The
consequences of emancipation would fail upon the unfor-
tunate negro, and God would hold responsible those who
had forced upon us the act. It is one of necessity, not
choice; an act taken against our judgments and our con-
victions, but to save us from the horrors of a prolonged war
and the disgrace, ruin, and destruction involved in the suc-
cess of our enemy.
"If Prance and England will enter into a treaty with
thc^e confederate States, recognizing our nationality and
guarantying our independence upon the abolition of sla-
very iu all these States, rather than continue the war we
should be prepared to urge the measure upon our readers.
We believesuch a proposition would be favorably received
and acted upon by those nations, and it ought to be made
to them."
^ Will it be any greater hardship to aslc them to
give up slavery and remain with us, possessed
and possessing all the rights which wc claim for
ourselves? This is all we propose to do. They
do not now even ask any other nation to assume
a protectorate over them until they have rid them-
selves of the loathsome institution, and are we
so accustomed to its vile contact that we are will-
ing to exhibit less self-respect, less fear of being
crocked, than is claimed by and accorded to the
dynastic Governments of the Old World?
Gentlemen need not fear that there will not be
subjects enough for party differences if the sub-
ject of slaveryshall be forever extirpated. They
may, however, make up their minds that the pro-
slavery party of the world is pasta.II resurrection.
Its leaders have made it ignominious, and it is in
a minority that will diminish without pity at every
successive rally. When the heat of the tropics
is no longer able to warm it into life the North
will nurse it in vain.
What a spectacle do we present! Here the Con-
gress of the United States are debating whether
slavery shall have a longer lease of life or not,
when it has only just been barely frustrated in the
attempt to take the life of Congress itself, and
would do it now if its power equaled its will.
Can it be that the last Swiss Guard in the defense
of slavery shall prove to be from the free States in
Congress assembled ? Here men from free States,
always freemen and theoretically abhorring sla-
very,see the slaveholders of WestVirgmia, Mis-
souri, and Maryland, (to say nothing of Ken-
tucky, Louisiana, Arkansas, and Tennessee,)
abolishing slavery, and yet hesitate to allow the
question to be placed before the people lest they
should be stigmatized as abolitionists 1 If a vote
in favor of the amendment to the Constitution, by
which slavery may be forever abolished, securcs
to any man that stigma,it can have no terrors for
those who have been Republicans, for such a vote
is expected of them as an ordinary duty, and, if
feared by any one who has not been a Republican,
let him find courage to adopt the badge of distinc-
tion, and he may, to thediscoinfituie of Ins revil-
ers, use and wear it as a most trusty weapon to
cleave his way through the world to honor and
troops of friends.
Mr. ODELL. Mr. Speaker, the interest I feel
in the important measure now under considera-
tion is my apology for.occupying t^e attention
of the House at this time. My belief is that no
question of equal importance has ever occupied
the attention of the country. I am certain that
during the period i have been honored with a seat
upon this floor no question has arisen in which
my constituents have so deep an interest. The
eyes uf the world are now turned in anxiety to
see the result. If the proposed amendment to the
Constitution as it passed the Senate shall receive
the vote of two thirds of the members of this body,
as required by the fifth article of the Constitution,
and shall then be ratified by the people, its im-
mediate effect will be to liberate from bondage
three million seven hundred and forty-eight thou-
sand three hundred and ninety-three human be-
ings, as shown by the census of I860, securing to
them the blessings of freedom. Its influence will
not only reach the negro, but will affect for good
the future destiny of the white race North and
South. The material interest of three hundred
and forty-five thousand five hundred and thirty-
four slaveholders will be of course affected, and
it is a statistical fact that of this number two hun-
dred and seventy-five thousand six hundred and
eighty-one persons own less than ten slaves, and
of this latter number seventy-six thousand six
hundred and seventy own a single slave, show-
ing that the interest is not of such extent as many
at the North have heretofore been led to sup-
pose. I cannot but conclude,from the best light
I can obtain, that the operation of this measure
will be most beneficial to the non-slavcholding
white population of the southern States. When
these poorer laboring classes shall no longer have
to contend with and struggle against and be de-
graded by slave labor, then, and not until then,
will they come into the enjoyment of blessings
such as are now fully enjoyed by the honest,
toiling, working men of the North.
When labor shall be free at the South, then will
it command and have the respect which is itsjust
due. Then will millions of the white men of the
North participate and share in the blessings thus
secured. The masses of our native and foreign-
born laborers, now toiling in the severer climate ot
the North, will be invited to enter upon these
newly opened fields for their industry and occu-
pation. The now hidden resources of the States
south will be developed by the brain and muscle
of the northern laborer.
The existence in our country of antagonistic
systems of labor has brought upon the nation the
terrible calamity of a wasting civil war, with all its
desolations. It has cost the country the lives of
hundreds of thousands of its best and bravest
sons, and has wasted her material resources.
The day has come when this conflict of laboris
to end and the question is forced upon us by the
South. They alone are responsible for it. The
question of the world now is, shall the great free
North, with its higher and more widely extended
civilization, yield to the South and its evilsgrow-
ing out of its system of labor? The day is past
andj forever gone when more than twenty million
northern born freemen, represented upon this
floor now, will be controlled by the men of the
South with not one third their numerical strength.
As certain as the North and South are now en-
gaged in a struggle for military supremacy, so
certain is it that slavery must fall and die.
The destruction of slavery is the legitimate fruit
of the rebellion. It was predicted by leading minds
both North and South before the war began.
Its death-blow was inflicted by the South when
it opened its rebel batteries upon Fort Sumter.
When the national flag was assailed, then began
the overthrow of slavery as a natural conse-
quence.
That slavery is dead is an admitted truth. So
said my friend and colleague at the last session
of Congress. Others upon both sides of this
Chamber have admitted the same fact; and the
press of the land has been reiterating the same
statement since the rebellion began.
It is an accepted truth, both North and South,
that the peculiar institution is gone, with or with-
out restoration.
Now, I am in favor of givingit a constitutional
burial; not by the irregularity of a proclamation
by the President, of doubtful constitutionality
even in his own mind, as he has frequently ad-
mitted, and which was conceded by the late Bal-
timore convention that renominated Mr. Lincoln,
when they proposed this amendment to the Con-
stitution as one of the planks of their platform,
which was accepted by him in his letter of ac-
ceptance of their nomination. He and they both
have thus expressed doubts as to the proclama-
tion. And hence we have this more legal way of
disposing of the evil before us.
Again, it cannot be put out of the way by the
uncertain and irregular Army orders of our gen-
erals in the field in command of our armies. They
all deal with slavery in harmony with their own
peculiar views.
The Constitution gives to the tv/o Houses of
Congress the only legal and certain authority, the
only constitutional method of ending and putting
away forever an institution that has only brought
us trouble and discord at home and reproach and
dishonor abroad.
Let the evil now be removed in accordance with
the provision's of the Constitution. Then it will
be done effectually, legally, and in a manner to
command the respect of the nation, of the men
that are directly interested, and also of the civili-
zation ^f the world.
I am aware that able men upon this floor have
objected to this action, they claiming that the pro-
visions of the fifth article of the Constitution does
not admit of this construction. In my mind I find
no difficulty. Thfe power referred to I am satis-
fied is ample.
Story on the Constitution, volume three, page
688,says:
"A Government which, in its own organization, pro-
vides no means of change, but assumes to be fixed and un-
alterable, must, after a while, become wholly nosuited to
tiie circumstances of the nation; and it will either degen-
erate into a despotism or, by the pressure of it«? inequalities,
bring on a revolution. It Is wise, therefore, in eveiy Gov-
ernment, and especially in a republic, to provide means for
altering and imptovmg the fabnc of government as tune
and experience, or the new phases ol human affairs may
render proper, to piomote the happiness and safety of the
people. The great principle to be sought is to make the
changes practicable, butnottoo easy; to secure due delib-
eration and caution; and to follow experience rather than
to open a way for experiments suggested by mere specula-
tion or theory."
If I were in doubt upon the subject I have only
to refer back a short period in our national his-
tory and there see the record of my own party
upon this question of amendment, and upon the
subject of slavery, and in the light of this record
and history my way is plain.
Much has been said and written in regard to
the compromise measures introduced by the dis-
tinguished, patriotic, and lamented Mr. Critten-
den in the Senate. We have been wont to charge
upon the Opposition the responsibility of the fail-
ure of these resolutions; we have affirmed if the
Republican members of the Senate had accepted
them we would not have been involved in this
unhappy struggle. I am not quite sure of that.
I incline to think that at that time treason was
deep down in the hearts of the southern leaders.
But it might have been even so. I refer to it only
to show at that time it was not thought by the
men of my party that the Constitution could not
and ought not to be amended upon the subject of
slavery. Reference to the action of the Senate
will show that every Democrat North and South
voted for these resolutions, which provided for
several amendments relating to this vexed ques-
tion of slave labor.
Again, the House will remember the famous
Corwin resolution, which in its provisions was to
amend the Constitution, fastening slavery upon
the country for all coming time. That passed by
the required vote in both Houses, after weeks of
.debate, the Democratic members all voting for it.
That amendment was as follows:
" No amendment shall be made to the Constitution which
will authorise or give to Congress tbe power to abolish or
interfere, within any State, with the domestic institutions
thereof, including that of peisons held to labor or service
by the laws of said State."
This clearly recognizes the right to amend; if
not, why was such action recommended, and
why did Democrats vote for it?
If gentlemen will refer to the debates of the
Thirty-Sixth Congress they will find there re-
corded very many resolutions offered by Demo-
crats, and voted for by them, proposing to amend
the Constitution, and all referring to slavery.
With this party record my conclusion is, that
if it was constitutionally right for the men of the
true faith in that day to thus vote for an amended
Constitution upon this subject, it is highly proper
for me to do so now in the light of the experience
of the past four years. If the Constitution could
be amended legally continuing slavery, it surely
may be for its destruction. The action of the
South in their rebellion has not commended them
to me for any special acts of grace or forbearance.
Their treason to their country is only equaled
by their treachery to the Democratic party. Per-
sonally I have feelings upon this subject toward
the men of the South for their treason as a Dem-
ocrat that no men of the Opposition have a right
to indulge in.
The Democratic party had been their faithful
defenders. We were and had been their fiiends
through evil and good report. We had stood by
them m all their interests. More than this, we
have yielded our own convictions and prejudices
to theirs. As we met them from time to time in
our national conventions it was only to submit to
new demands made upon us to favor, strengthen,
andextend their system of slave labor. To secure
peace and harmony these demands were acceded
to. The steadily increasing pecuniary interest
of the slaveholders gave them power, and led
them, iii the love of gain, to depait from the
teachings and principles of the fathers upon this
subject. With the modern slaveholder it was no
