940
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
would have decided, that this House cannot know of ttie
existence of a State tn tins Union which has not a civil gov-
ernment organized jn subordination to and workingin har-
mony with the national Constitution. Any other decision
would have been fatal to our national existence. Let us not
seta bad precedent now by declaring that it will require the
ratification of twenty seven States to secure the adoption
of thw constitutional amendment."
At the last session of Congress the distin-
guished gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stevens,] and 1 use the term in no ordinary
sense, by the support which he and others upon
that side of the House gave the confiscation act,
tacitly, at least, recognized them as in the Union
and subject to our laws. My able and esteemed
colleague, [Mr. Bliss,] in his recent speeeh, has
presented the true status of the States. He says:
"Are the States whose people, in part, are in rebellion
against the General Government out of the Union in theory
and in fact ? Are they foreign Powers, and their inhabit-
ants foreigu people, not subject to the Constitution and
laws of the United States? If so, why do we raise and
send mighty hosts to enforce, by the sword, the bayonet,
and the cannon, obedience and subjugation to that Con-
stitution and to those laws? If the people of the so-calied
seceded States are citizens in the Union, why are our
courts engaged, under an act of Congress, in confiscating
their estates for acts of treason against their Government?
Treason implies citizenship; it cannot be commuted by an
alien or an enemy. If those Suites are not out of the Union
in theory of law, anil if their people owe the allegiance to
the Government of the United States which is claimed of
them, then clearly those States are among the number of
States three fourths of whom must unite their voices upon
any proposition to amend their Constitution."
If, sir, they are out of the Union, and their votes
not requisite in the ratification of this proposed
amendment; if they are alien enemies, as claimed
by gentlemen on that side of the House, they are
then a foreign government de facto; if a foreign
government, why make war upon them? Why
seek to enforce our laws over them? "Why at-
tempt to amend a Constitution they have thrown
off and are not bound by? Why complain if
foreign Powers recognize them as you recognize
them ?
Sir, despite the subtlety of your reasoning they
are States, and States within the Union, and must
so remain till by their prowess they have main-
tained their separation.
Their votes are therefore necessary to its rati-
fication, and my colleague [Mr. Ashley] in his
last substitute to the bill under consideration en-
joins upon the States in rebellion their approval
of the constitutional amendment as a condition
precedent to their return to loyalty—thereby vir-
tually acknowledging the necessity of their action.
Yon cannot for one purpose treat them as in the
Union and subject to ourlaws,and for another as
outof the Union. If they wereintheUnion once,
and subject to our laws, nothing having changed
their relation since, they are still in, and it fol-
lows as corollary that they are to be counted in
determining whether the proposition has been
approved by three fourths of the States.
Gentlemen claim that if three fourths of the
States approve, and one fourth disapprove, it
becomes a part of the Constitution and binding
upon all. With all deference to the opinions of
able gentlemen on both sides of the House, I
must differ from them. Nothing could havebeen
further from the object of the framers of that in-
strument than to leave it in such a questionable
shape that in a great national convulsion the
fundamental principles of republicanism that un-
derlie our system might be upheaved and broken
to pieces, and upon its ruins a monarchy estab-
lished. Y^t my colleague, [Mr. Cox,] with gentle-
men on the other side of the Chamber, assert that
the powerto amend is so broad and so ample that
we may establish a monarchy or an autocracy;
that we may supplant the President and put in
his* stead the King of Dahomey. I deny it. it is
not in the power of the people to make such a
change under the Constitution, even by the con-
currence of all the States. It would not be an
amendment, but the incorporation of new and
original matter entirely foreign to the text. It
would be subversive and revolutionary. To
amend implies something to amend by, and the
amendment must be germane to the subject-matter
under consideration. We can submit to the
States amendments enlarging or diminishing the
powers granted, but we cannot substitute new
and different ones. Why, Mr. Speaker, would
you rule out of order an amendment offered to a
general appropriation bill establishing a court in
my State? Because it would not be germane to
the subject-matter under consideration. _ The
theory is that there is nothing under considera-
tion akin to it. It is new, original, and foreign,
and out of order, and so you would rule. Where, j
then, can gentlemen find the power to amend so as ;
to change the form of our Government from a j
republic to an autocracy? Where is the power
to transport the Kingof Dahomey to rule oyer us ?
Surely gentlemen will notclairn thatan autocracy
is akin to a republic. You might as well assert
that the autocrat is the people, or the people the
autocrat, as to assert that a republic may be
amended by substituting an autocracy.
If, then, you cannot change the domestic rela-
tions in a State by the alteration proposed, how
is it possible to do so by bombastic proclama-
tions or congressional enactments like the one
under consideration ?
Sir, our security as individuals and the security
of our system rests in a strict adherence to the
principles of the Constitution clearly expressed,
and not in making innovations or exercising un-
certain powers. If I had seen no constitutional
objection to the passage ofthat bill, policy alone
would have prevented my voting for it if I had
been present. Not, sir, that I have any sympa-
thy with slavery, for I have not and never had,
but to avoid taking the first step in a downward
tendency to national ruin. I would not shape
the wedge that others m after days might use in
great public excitement to national injury. The
infant that takes its first step is encouraged
thereby to make the effort for the second, and it
will take it; and you make the first amendment,
and designing politicians with a view to acquire
position and power will find a reason for the
second; and thus, step by step, will the powerof
the people be taken from them and given to the
few; and power once lost to the people is never
regained except by revolution. " It is no time
to swap horses while crossing a stream" is more
appropriate in this connection than the one in
which the author used it. If, sir, you cannot
change the Constitution in this regard without
infraction, how are you to accomplish the object
by mere legislative enactment as contemplated
in the bill under consideration ?
Mr. Speaker, it would seem as if gentlemen
had closed their eyes to every principle of the
Constitution, rights of States, and dictates of hu-
manity, and are willing to hazard them all in the
wheel of fortune, to confirm a political idea that
this Government cannot exist " one half free and
the other half slave." There has been no bill
introduced into this House that so clearly demon-
strates this feeling as the one under considera-
tion. Many of its provisions find no sanction in
our legislative guide, the Constitution. Where
does my colleague [Mr. Ashley] find authority
for Congress to determine who shall and who
shall not vote at the primary elections in the re-
bellious States? I am aware that the fourth sec-
tion and first article of the Constitution gives
power to determine the time, place, and manner
of electing Senators and Representatives to Con-
gress, but not the qualification of electors, much
less to control the elections purely local. Yet
that power is assumed in this bill. Where is the
power given to determine what, if any, number
less than a majority of all the electors of a State
shall control? And where is the authority to be
found enabling Congress to authorize negroes to
vote at the State elections ? All this is provided
for in this bill, and without authority.
My colleague [Mr. Ashley] may claim that
the bill does not confer the elective franchise upon
the negroes of those States in rebellion. Let us
see. By reference to the original bill and the
seventh section of the second substitute thereto,
the provisional governor was required to enroll
all white male citizens of the United States resi-
dent in the State; but in the third section of the
substitute now presented the word white is
omitted. For what purpose, if not to let the negro
vote? I am aware that the decision in the Dred
Scott case has determined that a negro is not a
citizen of the United States; but who among: the
higher-law party give it the least vitality ? When,
sir, in time of profound peace these men denounced
and disregarded it, it is not at all likely they in-
tend to be governed by it under present circum-
stances. It is intended by this bill to permit
them to vote at the elections to be held in those
States; and it is but another evidence of New
England domination; another evidence of that
revolutionary spirit that has characterized the
legislation of the country for three years past;
another evidence in favor of the doctrine of the
equality of the races,, socially and politically.
The eighth section of the bill provides—
That the convention>hall declare, on behalf ofthe people
of the State, their submission to the Constitution ami laws
ofthe United States, and shall adopt thefolloxHng provis-
ions, hereby prescribed by the United States In the execu-
tion of the constitutional duty to guaranty a republican
form of government to every Slate, and incorporate them in
the constitution ofthe State, that is to say:
First. No person who has held or exercised any office,
civil or military, except civil offices merely ministerial ana
military offices below the grade of colonel, State or confed-*
erate, under the usurping power, shall vote for or be a
member of the Legislature or Governor.
Second. Involuntary servitude is forever prohibited,
and freedom and equality of civil rights before the law are
guarantied to all petsons in said Suite.
Third. No debt. State or confederate, created by or un-
der the sanction of the usurping power, or in uny manner
in aid thereof, shall be recognized or paid by the State ; and
all acts, judicial or legislative, for the confiscation or for-
feiture of anv debt, property, or franchise, of any loyal citi-
zen of the United States, are hereby declared null and
void.
Mr Speaker, at the last session of Congress the
Secretary ofthe Treasury demanded the passage
of an act prohibiting the traffic in gold, better
known in financial circles as Chase's folly. It
was done. The Secretary of War insisted upon
a repeal of the commutation clause in the enroll-
ment act,and it was granted. And the President
has without law or authority issued his eman-
cipation proclamation, and subsequently his edict
that no State in rebellion should return to her al-
legiance till she had first emancipated her slaves,
and at once two bills were thrust into this House
for that purpose. Sir, in former days these de-
mands would have been treated as an indignity
offered to the legislative branch of the Govern-
ment. I impute no subserviency to any gentle-
men, but it is strange these demands have so often
been made and as often granted. No matter how
absurd the demand or unjust the requirement, a
reason is found for the one and a constitutional
injunction for the other.
My colleague [Mr. Ashley] assumes that the
fourth section of article three of the Constitution
confers the power on Congress to prescribe
changes m the organic law of the orginal States
of the Confederacy:
"The United States shall guaranty to every State in
thi« Union a republican form of government."
Many of the States now in rebellion were the
original States forming this Union, and ratified
the Constitution. It was not thought then, or
for over seventy years thereafter, but that their
local governments were republican. It was re-
served for the transcendent wisdom of this age,
this Congress, to determine the fact and to pub-
lish to the world the imbecility of Washington,
Jefferson, Madison, and all the worthies we
were wont to dote upon for recognizing them as
such. Despite our assumed wisdom, by the tests
of the national Chart they arc what they were
considered to be by the founders of this Republic.
This provision presupposes the States which
would ratify the Constitution had republican
forms of government, and pledges the combined
powers of them all to preserve, secure, and de-
fend each and all of them in the enjoyment ofthat
or any other form they might thereafter adopt in
harmony with the spirit of the Constitution. It
not only applies to the original States of the
Union, but all others that might be admitted. The
word "guaranty" does not imply the power to
create, prescribe, or dictate, but to secure and de-
fend what is already in existence. The sense in
which it is used in that section is to secure and de-
fend republicanism as defined in the Constitution.
But the sense in which it is used in this bill is to
prescribe, dictate, originate. They " shall adopt
the followingprovisions hereby prescribed by the
United States in the execution of the constitu-
tional duty to guaranty a republican form of gov-
ernment to every State."
Who, sir, ever heard that it was anti-repub-
lican for any man to hold a civil office to which he
had been elected by the sovereign people of his
State? Who ever heard that it was anti-repub-
lican for the people ofaState to pay any debt,no
matter what its origin? Sir, it is anti-republican
to dictate it, usurpation of power on the part of
the Federal Government to exercise it, and revo-
lutionary in its character. If you have the power
