1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL, GLOB®.
to prescribe for Georgia a change in her organic
law from what it has hitherto been, you have the
right to say to my State what debts, if any, we
shall pay, and what school of politicians shall
hold office. Such power does not exist in the
Federal Government, and it is well for the liber-
ties of the people and the sovereignty of the States
'that it does not.
There is no mistaking the tendency of legisla-
tion under the present rule, it is centralization.
Gentlemen upon this floor do not hesitate dis-
crediting the popular ideas of Thomas Jefferson
and applauding those of Alexander Hamilton.
The theory of the one was the power of the peo-
ple for self-government and the retention of that
power in their hands, while that of the other was
the incapacity of the people to govern themselves
and the centralization of that power in the hands
of the few; in short, to create such a govern-
ment as my colleague [Mr. Garfield] rejoices
we are approximating. He says:
" I am surprised that both the gentleman from Vermont
[Mr. Morrill] and the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox]
declare that this measure would aggrandize the executive
authority. I must say that, to me, it is one objection to
this plan that it may have exactly the opposite effect. I
believe, Mr. Speaker, that the fame of Jefferson is waning,
and the fame of Hamilton waxing, in the estimation of the
American people, and that we are gravitating toward a
stronger Government."
Sir, while my colleague rejoices that such is
the tendency of the times, the people regret that
such is the downward course of freedom. It is
a warning to the people to be more chary of their
liberties in time of a great national convulsion
than at any other. It is a warning to them to
thunder at the prison doors till they fly from their
fastenings and free the innocent captives; to de-
mand the reestablishment of that ancient writ
of liberty, and to upturn your courts-martial for
the trial of private citizens.
Mr. Speaker, in the better days of the Republic
such men as Clay, Calhoun, Benton, Webster,
Cass, and Douglas, would debate months upon
the power of Congress to even prohibit slavery
in Territories of the United States; but now gen-
tlemen find not the least objection to prescribe a
form of government for the people of a State.
If gentlemen wish to preserve the Union, the
right of States and citizens, you must shut your
eyes to slavery and make this war a war for the
Union of the States and the supremacy of the
laws. You must close this bloody carnival. You
must treat in perfect good faith for peace upon
the basis of the Constitution and the Union. You
must carry out the ideas of General Sherman,
making the prerequisite to peace the laying down
pf their arms and the acquiescence in our laws,
to him the thanks of the people are due, notonly
for his military genius, but for the humane and
statesmanlike view he lias taken of the duty of a
rebellious people. Theie is but one way of dis-
posing of this question so as not to do violence
to our political system. Cease this vicious and
partisan legislation; treat the States in rebellion
as in the Union, and not out; the citizens in
arms as rebels, not alien enemies, and when you
have done this you have swept away the cob-
webs of seeming complication, and the way is
comparatively clear to a bright future.
I hope, sir, this bill may not pass.
Mr. ARNOLD asked and obtained permission
to print a speech. [It will be published in the
Appendix.]
Mr. BLOW and Mr. EDGERTON then ad-
dressed the House. [Their speeches will be pub-
lished in the Appendix.]
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled bills of the following
titles, when the Speaker signed the sarner
An act (S. No. 385) authorizing the President
to appoint a Second Assistant Secretary of War;
and
An act (S. No. 402) to repeal an act entitled
" An act to remove theUnited States arsenal from
the city of St. Louis and provide for the sale of
the land on which the same is located."
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hickey, its
Chief Cletk, announced that the Senate had passed
bills of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 624) to provide for the pay-
ment of the value of certain lands and improve-
ments of private citizens appropriated by the Uni-
ted States for Indian reservations in the Territory
of Washington, without amendment;
An act (H. R. No. 683) making appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year ending
June 30,1866, with amendments; to which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House;
and
An act (S. No.- 370) to amend an act entitled
"An act to provide for the better organization of
Indian affairs in California;" in which he was di-
rected to ask the concurrence of the House.
CHARLES A. HIGHBORN.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the Senate requesting the return of the
bill (S. No. 303) for the relief of Charles A. Hich-
born. In compliance therewith the bill was or-
dered to be returned to the Senate.
The hour of half past five o'clock, p. m., having
arrived, the Speaker, in compliance with the or-
derof the House, declared the House adjourned
until to-morrow at eleven o'clock, a. m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 21,1865.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Bowman.
On motion of Mr. DOOL1TTLE, and by unan-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal was
dispensed with.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a letter of the Secretary of the Interior, sub-
mitting estimates of appropriations to supply a
deficiency for the Chippewas of Red Lake and
Pembina Indians, under the fourth and fifth arti-
cles of the treaty of 2d October, 1863; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of War, communicating, in compliance
mdi a resolution of the Senate of the 14th in-
i&lffit, information in relation to the list of names
of State or political prisoners required to be fur-
nished to the judges of the circuit and district
courts of -the United States and of the Districtof
Columbia, by the second section of the act of
March 3, 1863,entitled "An act relating to habeas
corpus, and regulating judicial proceedings in cer-
tain cases,"approved March 3,1863; which was
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented a petition of sol-
diers now in the ninth Army corps, praying for
a bounty of $300 to all who enlisted in the Army
for the period of three years between the 1st day
of April, 1864, and the 4th day of July, 1864;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Wis-
consin, praying for an appropriation for the im-
provement of the harbor at the mouth of the
Manitowoc river; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. POMEROY presented the memorial of L.
H. Bunnell, praying that the Winnebago Indians
on the Missouri river may be settled upon the
Omaha reservation, and that provision may be
made for the education of such of the tribe as
reside in the State of Wisconsin; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
He also presented the memorial of M. R. Pat-
rick, provost marshal general of the army oper-
ating against Richmond, remonstrating against
the issuing of whisky by the subsistence depart-
ment of the Army; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I present the petition
of E. M. Dennison, crier of the supreme court
of the District of Columbia, making a very earn-
est cry for an increase of his compensation. I
move that it be referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE presented a communication of
David Gowdey, addressed to him, alleging cer-
tain inaccuracies in the census report of 1860 m
regard to the number and location of reed-makers
in the United States; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HARRIS presented a petition of the prin-
cipal chief and delegates of the Cherokee natio^
praying that the interest due on the investment
of the Cherokee national funds may be appropri-
ated and paid over to theauthorities of the nation
in conformity with the provisions of their treaty;
which was referred to the Committee on Indjum
Affairs.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of*of6cei;s
and survivors of the United States monitor ,Te-
cumseh and the United States steamer Phtlippi,
praying compensation for losses sustained hfy
them in the loss of those vessels; whieh was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. HALE pres'entetf'a memorial of the pres-
ident of the West Cheshire railroad of New
Hampshire remonstrating against the extension
of the Goodyear^pateht for the manufacture of
vulcanized India rubber; which was referred, t,o
the Committee on Patents and the^Patent Office.
Mr. FOOT presented two communicationsfrom
the Postmaster General to the House of Repre-
sentatives, and printed by order of the House as
Executive Document No. 27 of the present ses-
sion, on the subject of a patent canceling and
marking stamp used by that Department; which
were referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
Mr. ANTHONY presented a petition of Ben,-
jamin Tilley, praying compensation for the use
of certain lots in the city of Washington, by the
quartermaster's department, from February 1,
1863, to February I, 1865; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. JOHNSON. I beg leave to present joint
resolutions of the Legislature of Maryland passed
a few days since, remonstrating against Congress
grantinga charter to make a railroad in that State.
There is a preamble accompanying the jointres-
olution, which I beg Jjeave, to state for the infor-
mation of the Senate. It sets forth that a char-
ter was granted by Maryland to. build a railroad
from the city of Baltimore to the borough of York,
Pennsylvania, a point on the dividing-line be-
tween the two States of Maryland and Pennsyl-
vania; that the State and the citizens of the State
of Maryland contiibuted nearly all the means
for the construction of that road; and that the
State, with a view to encourage the road, upon
which it had an incumbrance of over a million and
a half of dollars, surrendered that incumbrance
for the benefit of the company. The Legislature
states also that there is now between Washing-
ton and Baltimore a double track amply sufficient
to answer all the purposes which the Govern-
ment or the citizens of the country may require
either to transport merchandise or passengers be-
tween the two termini, Washington and Balti-
more. It also states that the Legislature of Mary-
land have been in session for some time, and of
course weie in session when these resolutions
were passed, and no application has been made
to that Legislature to construct another road be-
tween Baltimore and the District of Columbia;
that they were always willing to do so, provided
they should be satisfied that the necessities of the
country or the convenience of the country re-
quired a different road. They then representthat
they understand that a bill is about to bo submitted
to Congress to authorize the NorthernCentral rail-
road, built, as far as it runs in Maryland, with Ma-
ryland credit and Maryland funds, and encour-
aged, as I have stated, by a surrender of$1,500,000
to the company by the Slate, to construct a road
from Washington to some point on the line of their
railroad; and the Legislature protests in very re-
spectful terms against the passage of any such
act, and asks that if it should come either before
the Senate or the House of Representatives the
Legislature may by its agents be permitted to
be heard. I move that the resolutions lie on the
table, as there is nothing before the Senate at this
time on the subject.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. DIXON, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 452) to incorporate " the Capitol Hotel
Company," in Washington city, District of Co-
lumbia, reported it without amendment. •
Mr, WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred
the memorial of Andrew J. Wilcox, praying for,
sundry amendments to the Constitution of the
United States with a view to the settlement of our
