THE :OOISTG-RESSIO^AL 'GLOfcE.
February 21,
: national troubles, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. MORGAN, fioin the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs ami.the Militia, to whom was referred
a bill (8. No. 455) to amend an act entitled " An
act to amend an act entitled 1 An act to authorize
the employment of volunteers to aid in enforcing
the laws and protecting public property,' " ap-
proved March 3,1863, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the joint resolution (H.
R. No. 85) repealing an act entitled " An act for
the relief of E. F. and Samuel A. Wood," re-
ported adversely thereon.
He also, fioni the same ceflnmittec, to whom
was referred u bill (£i. R. No. 571) for the relief
dfJethro Bonney, reported adversely thereon.
Mr HARLAN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred a bill (S; No. 447)
to provide for the sale of rejected private land
claims, reported it with amendments.
Mi*. ANTHONY, from the Committee on Print- |
ing, to whom was referred a motion to print ex-
tra copies of the report of the select committee
on the subject of the ventilation of the Halls of
Congress, reported in favor of printing one thou-
sand extra copies; which was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART, from the Committee on Pub- |
lie Lands, to whom was referred a bill (S. No. |
463) to amend an act entitled "An act to amend
an act entitled 'An act making a grant of alter-
nate sections of public lands to the State of Michi-
gan to aid in the construction of certain railroads
in said State, and for other purposes,' " reported
it without amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
688) nuking appropriations for the construction,
preservation, and repairs of certain fortifications
and other works of defense, for the year ending
30th June, 1866, reported it with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, reported a
bill (S. No. 464) in relation to money left by de-
serters; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom were referred resolutions of
the Legislature of Rhode Island, a memorial of
the American Geographical and Statistical Soci-
ety, a memorial of the American Ethnological
Society, a memorial of the American Oiiental So-
ciety, and a memorial of the American Institute
of New York, in favor of an appropriation to aid
in the proposed exploration of eastern Asia, by
Dr. D. J. Macgowan, asked to be discharged from
their further consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, who were jointly with
the Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds
of the House of Representatives instructed by a
resolution of the two Houses to inquire into the
origin of the recent fire at the Smithsonian Insti-
tution, the loss to the Government and to private
persons, the proper measures for preserving the
building and its contents from further injury, and
such other facts as may be of public interest, sub-
mitted a report, which was ordered to be printed.
A motion by ilr. Foot to print one thousand
additional copies of the report, five hundred of
which to be for the use of the Smithsonian Institu-
tion, was referred to the Committee on Printing.
DISTRICT BANKS.
Mr. DIXON. I am directed by the Committee
on the District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (S. II. No. 113) authorizing
certain bunks in the District of Columbia to ac-
cept the provisions of an act therein named, to
report it bar-k with an amendment, and ask that it
may be acted on at the present time.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
provides that any of the banks of the District of
Columbia that have availed themselves of the ben-
efits of  n act of Congress of June 17, 1844, " to
extend the charters of the District banks," shall
be authorized, by their trustees and directors, to
accc pt, in like manner with the banks of the sev-
eral Si.iU's the provisions of the forty-fourth sec-
tion of the act approved June 3, 1864, entitled
" An art to provide a national currency secured
by the pledge of United States bonds, and to pro-
vide for the circulation and redemption thereof."
The amendment was to add to the resolution
these words:
And may, by their presidents, make and exeeute-all nc-
cestiary tr.n^fer.-s for this purpose.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
as amended, and the amendment was concurred in.
The joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, and was read the third time,
and passed.
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE.
Mr. SHERMAN submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Jleiohcd* Tfrattlie Committee oil Finance have leave to
sit during tile sittings of the Senate.
BILLS INTBODUCED.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
465) to create the office of Solicitor and Naval
Judge Advocate General; which was read tw^ce
by its title, and referred to the Committee oil Na-
val Affairs.
Mr. GRIMES also asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (8. No.
466) to.amend an actentitled "An act to ptomote
the efficiency of the Navy," approved January
16,1857, and an act amendatory thereof appro ved
March 3,185'J; which was read twice by its tide,
and refei red to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. PO.MEROYasked,and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
467) for the improvement of the navigation of
the Colorado riverandthe construction^ wagon
roads in Arizona and Utah Territories, which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
MESSAGE FROM THE IIODSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPhersost, its Cleik, announced that
the Househad passed without amendment the%ill
(S. No. 424) to facilitate the collection of certain
debtsdue theUnited States; and had passed with
amendments, in which the concurrence -of the Sen-
ate was requested, the bill (8. No. 389) relating
to clerkships in I he Post Office Department; and
the bill (S. No. 390) relating to the postal laws.
The message also announced that the House had
passed the following bills, in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 763) to amend an act entitled
"An act to aid in the construction of a railroad
and telegraph line from the Missouri river to the
Pacific ocean, and to secure to the Government
the use of thesame forpostal, military,and other
purposes," approved July 1,1862, and to amend
an act amendatory thereof approved July 2,1864;
and
An act(H. R. No. 771) for the relief of the per-
sonal representatives of Jonas A. Hughston, de-
ceased.
CHARLES A. IIICHBORN.
The message also returned to the Senate, agree-
ably to its request, the bill (S. No. 303) for the
relief of Charles A, Hichborn, and on motion of
Mr. Foster the bill was recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
SURRENDER OF CHARLESTON.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate the following telegram, received to-day by the
War Department:
Charlestonj South Carolix*., February 18,18G5,
Via New York February 21.
General: The city of Chaileston and afl its defenses
came into our possession tins morn ins, with about two hun-
dred pieces of good aitillery and a supply of fine ammuni-
tion. The enemy commenced evacuating ail the works la^t
night, and Mayor Macbeth Mirremlrred the city to the troop*
of'General Sebemmelfinnig at nine o'clock this morning,
at which time it was occupied by our forces.
Our advance on the Edisto and from Buil's bay hastened
the retreat.
1fbe cotton warehouses, arsenal1?, quartermaster'* stores,
railroad budges, and two iron-ctads were bunit by the en-
emy. Some vessels in the ship-yard were also burnt. Nearly
all the inhabitants remaining behind belong to the poorer
classes.
Very respectfully, Q. A. GILLMOUE,
Major Genet aL Commanding,
Major General Hallecx, Chief of Stajjf.
BILLS BECOME LAWS,
tA message from the President of the United
by Mr. Nicolay, his Secretary, an-
nounced that he had approved and signed on the
20th instant the following hills:
A bill (S. No. 212) for the relief of Henry A.
Brigliam;
A bill (S. No. 385) authorizing the President
to appoint a Second Assistant Secretary of War;
A bill (S. No. 402) to repeal an act entitled
"An act to remove theUnited States arsenal from
the city of St. Louis, and to provide for the sale
of the lands on which the same is locatedand
A bill (S. No. 410) to enlarge the port of entry
and delivery for the distuct of Philadelphia.
INTERCOURSE WITH INSURRECTIONARY STATES.
Mr. SPRAGUE submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the bill (S. No.
398) to repeal the eighth section of an act entitled
"An act m addition to the several acts concern-
ing commercial intercourse between loyal and
insurrectionary States,and to provide for the col-
lection of captured and abandoned property and
the prevention of frauds in States declared in in-
surrection," approved July 2, 1864; and it was
ordered to be printed.
COURTS IN NEVADA.
Mr. FOSTER. 1 move that the Senate post-
pone all prior orders and proceed to th$ consider-
ation of the bill (II. R. No. 640) providing for a
district and a circuit court of the United State?
for the district of Nevada, and for otjer purposes,
which has been reported from the*Como>ittee on
the Judiciary. Thislg a bill whj£h stands as the
unfinished business df the manning hour, and
there are special reasofts why^ft should be con-
sidered. As I have aa-eady stated in the hear-
ing of many Senators,|her</are five causes now
; pending in the SupremeCodrt of the United States
| dependent upon action up$n this bill,and they are
i postponed until the 27th of this month, when they
1 will drop unless action is had; and one of those
■ causes alone involves property to the amount of
i between two and three hundred thousand dollars,
j I trust, therefore, the Senate will take up the bill
and act upon it.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (H. R. No. 640) providing for a
district and a circuit court of theUnited States for
the district of Nevada, and for other purposes, the
pending question being on the amendment re-
ported by the Committee on the Judiciary to strike
out the fifth, sixth, seventh,eighth,and ninth see-
tionsof the original billand to insert in heu thereof
the following:
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the salary of the
distuct judw for the dbtnet of Nevada shall be £3,500 per
i auiiii.ii, payable m lour equal installments on the let days
of January, April, July, and October of each year; and the
marshal and district attorney of the United States fox said
district shall severally be entitled to charge and reeeive,
for the services they may perform, ihe fee«= and compensa-
tion now allowed by law, to wit, by the act entitled "An
act to regulate the fees and costs to beallowed clerks, mar-
shals, and attorneys of the circuit and district courts of
the United States, and for other purposes," approved Feb-
ruary *23, 1853, for similar services. The eleiksof thesald
district and circuit courts shah be appointed in the manner
now prei-crihed by law for the appojntimmtof rfuch otfie«rs.
They shall be subject to thesame rulus and regulations,
shall perform the same duties and he entitled to charge and
receive the same fees and compensation as officers of like
character in the other districts and circuits of the United
States for like services.
Sec. 6. And be it fmlhcr enacted. That all cases of appeal
or wnt of error ftfietofore prosecuted and now pending in
the .Supreme Court of the United States upon any record
from the sui'ieme court of tlte Territory of Nevada, maybe
heard and determined by the Supreme Court of the United
State-, and the mandateof execution orof further proceed-
ings be d*reet« d by the Supreme Couit of the United
Slates to the di-tiict court of the United States for the dis-
trict ol Nevada, or to the supreme court of the State of Ne-
• vada, a-? the nature of wwl appeal or will of error may re-
i qoire, stud each of these couth* .••hall he the successor of the
I supieuie coiut of AYvuda Territory as to all such cases,
| with fullp'Aver to h^ar and determine the same, and to
j award me-me or final process* thereon. And from nHjodg-
i meiit-s ami decrees of the supreme court of the Territory
| of Nevada, prior to us admis>jon into the Union a State*
i the pariif"-! 10 5-sild judgments and decrees shall have tho
j samt; ntiht to pto-ri-ute appeals and write of error tathe
I Federal court-- a« they would have had under the lawk of
I the United States* if tlthacthad been passed simultaneous!?
! with the a<*t admitting -atd State into the Union.
| Mr. STEWART. When i was cutoff by the
j order of business which intervened thy other day
I I was addressing myself to that portion of the
: amendment which relates to the compensation to
be paid to rhu clerks, and marshals, &c., of these
courts in Nevada, i was ertdeaToring to shovf
that there was no good re'atfOft- why A different
compensation should not be allowed in Nevada
