mm
.im GO^©EESSIOKiLL;O-L0BS.
M
from that allowed throughout the United States;
m fact that every reason of justice was in favor
of allowing such compensation as would enable
the officers to perform the duties imposed upon
•them by the bill. It is hardly worth while to
organize courts there unless we can have officers
sufficiently paid to discharge the duties. We have
been particularly annoyed in Nevada Territory
by the insufficient compensation paid to officers.
They were sent among us with not sufficient
compensation to pay their board bills, and they
tave been subjected to all manner of temptations.
In examining the organization of different courts
I find there has been no regard paid to uniformity
so far as compensation is concerned. Different
'distiict judges in different localities receive differ-
ent compensation, regulated by the expense of
living,the amount of business, and other consid-
erations.
The fees allowed in this proposed amendment
are entirely inadequate; for instance, ten cents a
mile to the marshal for traveling expenses to
gerve process. In the State of Nevada, if process
is to be served in a distant portion of the State,
for instance at Rees River, one hundred and
eighty miles or more, the compensation would
be eighteen dollars. The stage fare each way
would be forty dollars, and it would take the
marshal eight or ten days, at an expense, count-
ing only the mere expense of his living, of
twenty or twenty-five dollars more*, and thus he
would be the loser of nearly one hundred dollars
in attempting to serve process at a distant point.
That simply iHustrates the whoje project of the
Committee on the Judiciary; it is entirely inad-
equate. The original House bill, as a matter of
economy, is better'than the substitute proposed
by the committee, for the reason that it provides
but one clerk for both thedistrictand circuit courts,
which is entirely ample, and it only requires one
clerk's office, which will be a saving of at least
- $100 a month to the Government, and that will
more than compensate for all that the Government
will have to pay for the additional fees.
But I will say no more upon that point. It
seems to me it is too plain for argument that
those things should be regulated in accordance
with the condition of the country. When Sena-
tors reflect that in many parts of the State of Ne-
vada the cost of freight, whereby we get our pro-
visions, is from eighteen to twenty-five cents a
pound, they will see that there should be adiffer-
ent compensation allowed to us. There has been
a different compensation allowed in California
and Oregon, showing that there has been no ad-
herence to tins supposed rule.
But the most objectionable and the most im-
portant feature of this whole measure is the sixth
section proposed to be iuserted,and this is a mat-
ter of very grave importance to the people that I
represent?
Sec. 6. -And be it further enacted, That all eases of ap-
peal or writ of error heietofore prosecuted and now pend-
ing in the Supreme Couit of the United States, upon any
record iron the supine court of the Torntory of Nevada,
may be heard and deraPinined by the Supreme Couitot the
United States, and the mandate of execution or ot further
proceedings alull be directed by the Supieme Couit of the
United States to the district court of the United States for
the district of Nevada, or to the supieme couit of the State
of Nevada, as the nature of said appeal or writ of en or may
require, and each of these courts shall be the successor
of the supreme couit of Nevada Teiritoryas to all such
cases, with full power to hear and detennine the same,
and to award met>ne 01 final process thei eon. And from ail
judgments and decrees of the supieme court of the Terri-
tory of Nevada, pnor to its admission into the Union as a
State, the parties to said judgments and decieesshall have
the same right to prosecute appeals and writs of error to
the Federal couits as they would have had under the laws
of the United States if this act had been passed simultane-
ously with the act admitting said State into the Union.
My first objection to this provision is that it
is unprecedented. I have not been able to find
legislation of this character in any of the statutes
of the United States. My second objection to it
is that it is unconstitutional; and my third ob-
jection is that it is highly prejudicial to the in-
terests of our new State. It is not asked for by the
delegation from the Pacific, and not asked for by
the people that we repiesent. The bill as it came
from the House of Representatives is agreed to
by the whole Pacific delegation. The only act
that is at all analogous to this is the one for Min-
nesota which was passed simultaneously with
the act admitting.Minnesota into the Union,and
which,.if constitutional, must be regarded as con-
stitutional upon the hypothesis that the Govern-
ment can impose conditions upon the admission
of a new State. I am not aware, however, that
this provision in the act admitting Minnesota has
been upheld by the courts. One case was de-
termined by the Supreme Court of the United
States, from Minnesota, after its admission; but
this question of jurisdiction was not raised in that
case.
The proposition here is by an act, of Congress
to give the Supreme Court of the United States
jurisdiction of cases that are of State cognizance.
By what authority it is proposed', when it is once
lost, to confer this jurisdiction upon the Supreme*
Court of the United States, after we have become
a State, I am not able to see. The only jurisdic-
tion that your courts can exercise in the State of
Nevada now is Federal jurisdiction under the
Federal Constitution. The cases now appealed
to your Supreme Court from the territorial courts
may or may not be of Federal jurisdiction. They
probably are not; but at all events they did not
originate in the Federal courts,do notcome from
the Federal courts, and, so far as my knowledge
is concerned, none of them are of Federal juris-
diction. It was stated here that there were two
of the cases to which reference has been made in
which the Government of the United States was
a party. I have examined the matter, and, as I
supposed, it is a mistake. There are two tax
cases in which the Territory of Nevada was a
party. Those cases were decided in favor of the
Territory; and if this bill should pass, as proposed
to be amended, it will reopen those cases against
the interests of the Territory. There are two or
three other cases, one or two of money demands,
and one'or two mining cases, before the court.
Now, to show that this amendment, if passed,
would be unconstitutional, I beg leave to refer
the Senate to a few decisions bearing upon this
subject. The Territory of Florida, previous to
its admission as a State, was organized as the
other Territories are, with territorial courts, under
the general power of Congress to organize and
control the Territories, and not under the judi-
ciary act. Florida was unconditionally admitted
as Nevada has been.
The constitution of Florida provided for the
continuance of territorial courts until the State
organization should go into operation. After the
admission of that State the Legislature thereof
passed an act transferring causes of State jurisdic-
tion to the State courts. Subsequent to tins, Con-
gress passed an act transferring Federal causes to
the UnitedJStates district court of Florida. The
case before me of Benner vs. Porter was one of
Federal jurisdiction,commenced in the territorial
court after the admission of the State, and trans-
ferred under the act of Congress to the district
court of the United States for the district of Flor-
ida, and by appeal from that court to the Supreme
Court of the United States. Although the iden-
tical question now under consideration was not
before the court yet the general principles laid
down in that cause shed some light upon the
points in review.
The Supreme Court of the United States held
that the State having been unconditionally admit-
ted, although the territorial courts were continued
in existence by the constitution of Florida, al-
though they had a nominal existence still with
their old jurisdiction, the Congress of the United
States had no concern in the matter; and the court
in considering that case-
Mr. JOHNSON. What book does the Senator
cite?
Mr. STEWART. Ninth Howar^v
Mr. JOHNSON. What page? /
Mr. STEWART. The case commences on
page 235. The court in considering tne case uni-
formly place stress upon the idea that the State
was unconditionally admitted, that it was a sov-
ereign State, and that there was nopower in Con-
gress to regulate the jurisdiction of the courts in
that State except the federal jurisdiction that they
derived from the Federal Constitution; that the
territorial courts were not creatures of the Con-
stitution under its judicial power. Judge Nel-
son, in delivering thCopmion of the court, said:
" No conditions were annexed, except that she should not
interfere, with the dl>po al of ihe public l.indb, nor K,vy any
tax on the same while they remained the property of the
United States."
And further:
"After the unconditional admission of the Territory into
the Union as a State, on the 3d of March, 1845, with her
constitution and complete otganfeaatfon of the government
under it, by which the authority ot the State waa estab-
lished throughout her limits, it is difficult to see upon what
ground it can he maintained that any portion of the terri-
torial government or jurisdiction remained stjii iji force.
"The distinction between the Federal and dtate juris-
dictions under the Constitution of the United Sta^s has
no foundation in these territorial governments,; ati^ .con-
sequently no such distinction exists, either in r,e4pe<?t -to
the jurisdiction of their courts or the subjects, submitted-to
their cognizance. They are' legislative government^, arid
their courts legislative courts^ Congress, in the exercise <3f
its powers in the organization and government of tiife Ter-
ritories, combming-the powers of both the Federal and &tate
authorities. There is but"one system of government orof
huvs operating within their limits, as neither is subject to
the constitutional provisions in respect to State and Fed-
eral jurisdiction.
" The.} aie notoiganized under the Constitution,nor sut>-
ject to its complete distribution of the powers of Govern-
ment, as the organic law; but are the creations, exclusively,
of the legislative department, and subject to its sUperyls- .
ion and control. Whether or not there are provisions in
that instalment which extend to and act upon these ter-
riiorial governments, it is not now material-to examine.
We are speaking here of those provisions that refer par-
ticularly to the distinction between Federal and State juris-
diction.
" We think it clear, therefore, that on the unconditional
admission of I^lorida into the Union, as a State, on the 3d
of March, 1845, the territorial government was displaced,
abrogated, every part of iti. and that no power of jurisdic-
tion existed within her limits, except thnfe derived tr6m the
State authority, and that by force and operatioivof the Fed-
eral Constitution and laws of Congress, and especially
no jurisdiction in Fedeial cases until Congress interfered
and extended the judicial tribunals of the Union over it."
Then ho goes on to discuss further, and says:
" The admission of the State into the Union brought the
Territory under the full and complete operation Of the Fed-
eral Constitution, and the judicial power of the Union cottfd
be exorcised only in contoimity to tise provisions of that
instiument. By aiuelo three, section one, 'the judicial
power of the United Slates shall be vefted in one Supreme
Court, and in such infeuor courts as Congress may, from
tune to time, ot dam and establish. The judges, both of the
supieme and infmor couits, shall hold their offices duriftg
good behavior.'"
Then he goes on to speak of the various acts
at length, and says:
" Froui the examination we have given to the legislation
upon the admission of several of Ihe new States into the
Union, we have found but few instances of any provision
having been made in respect to the cases pending in the
old government, and those are limited to the transfer of
the Fedeial ea&es to the district court organized in thenevv
State. In some ot the constitutions ot the States provis-
ion had been made lor the pending business of appropriate
State jurisdiction, but not in all of them. A very slight
attention to the subject by Congress, at the time, wouJd re-
move all the difficulties that have occurred m several of
the States lecently admitted.
Upon the whole, we are satisfied that the territorial
government of Florida became {superseded*on the-uncon-
ditional admission of the 'IViritoiy into the Union
Suite, on the 3d of March, 18<15, and consequently that the
court below, whose authority depended upon that govern-
ment, had no juiisdiction to render the decree in the case,
and that the decree mu-st be reversed."
This only bears incidentally upon the ques-
tion; but I think it involves the same principle.
There is a suggestion in it that legislation should
occur at the same time that the State was ad-
mitted. Perhaps from that decision the idea was
conceived of ingrafting the provision to whi<?h
I have referred in the Minnesota constitution, foi*
it was prior to the admission of Minnesota as a
State. But in 10 Howard the court, in referring
to the same eastland treating of this question of
jurisdiction, plainly declare that the State courts
cannot be made the successors of the territorial
courts so as to enable the Supreme Court ot the
United States to send Us mandates to them in
cases of State jurisdiction; and the doctrine that
simultaneous legislation, which might be regarded
as a condition of admission into the Union, can
confer jurisdiction in a case like the present upon
the Supreme Court of the United States, is very
questionable.
I will now read somewhat from the opinion in
McNuIty vs. Batty et at., 10 Howard, 72. This
was a case that came up from Wisconsin, the
writ of error having been issued on the 20th of
November, 1847,and the State admitted May 29,
1848. Here was a case situated precisely as the
cases now pending in the Supreme Court of the
United States from the Territory of Nevada; it
was m the Supreme Court of the United States
prior to the admission of the State of Wisconsin
into the Union; but what did the Supreme Court
say?
fk The writ of erior having been issued on the 20th of
November, 1847, \va«. theiefore. i egu'ailv issued during the
exHt'-nee ot the terntoual government, and the case was
pending in this court at the time when that government
ceased, and with it the jurisdiction and power of the terri-
torial couits."
