178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
and- would find it hard to discover wherein it min-
isters to his elevation or his happiness.
The freedom of a British working man consists
in a limited liberty to change his employer. He
is descended from ancestors who toiled as he toils,
all their days for food, clothing, and shelter, and
these scanty in quantity and poor in quality. He
begets a posterity to whom he transmits his pov-
erty and his hopelessness, and his whole life,
from his cradle to his grave, is one long desperate
struggle against starvation and nakedness. This
is British liberty to a majority of the people of
England. This is what it has been for hundreds
of years, with no prospect of change but for the
worse. Legislation has been tried abundantly,
with a view to work improvements, and with
*Svorse than no avail. England has always had,
and now has her theorists who have labored to
create imaginary Utopias, but that vast war debt
which like a millstone is grinding the people to
powder, and pressing them into the earth, is a
thing that cannot be lifted by constitutional clauses
or parliamentary expedients. That legislator will
do well, Mr. Speaker, who can devise an amend-
ment to the Constitution which shall relieve the
people of the United States, without regard to
color, from the pressure of a war debt larger in
proportion to their resouices than that of Great
Britain. The debt is inevitable, it already exists,
it is being increased with giddy rapidity. There is
nothing in our institutions to prevent national in-
debtedness from producing the same effects upon
the people of the UnitedStates that it has pro-
duced upon the people of Great Butain. Here is
a thins:, sir, which may well enlist the wisdom of
the wisest statesmen of the country. If Nature
has made the negro different in any respect from
the white man, ail the constitutional clauses in the
world will do nothing toward obliterating that
difference. If it has made the negro like the white
man, that likeness will at the proper time assert
itself without constitutional assistance. Nature
can neither be hindered nor accelerated by legis-
lative contrivances, and no more than the Euio-
pean can the African be elevated to any valuable
purpose by the will of another.
It was deelaied by me at the last session that
for generations to come the laboring men of the
United States would be required to woik one or
two hours in each clay more than at present in
order to pay off the debt contracted by this war.
Now, sir, under all the advantages afforded by a
new country and circumstances, m many respects
favorable, to an extraordinary degree, the average
laboring man of the United States has hitherto
done little more than live. Impose upon him the
necessity of two hours or of one hour additional
labor per diem to support himself jind his family,
n ml lie is, eall him by what flattering title yon may,
a bondman. Against this bondage, the most hope-
less and inexorable of all servitudes, no constitu-
tional amendments, however cunningly devised,
will afford .seem ity; it will descend fiom father to
son, engraving, as it does in England, its charac-
ters, revolting and indelible, deeper and"deeper
upon each succeeding geneiation.
Mr. Speaker, if at a time when no causes of
excitement were disturbing the minds of the peo-
ple, a despot had arisen over us to deeiee and en-
force upon the operative population of the United
StaUs two hours per day of additional labor for
the remainder of their lives, what a ciy would
have ft one up from all parts of the land against
an act so tyiannical! What protest would have
been entered by such, if any there were, who
were permitted to discuss and condemn! What
exhoitalious theie would have been to combine
for resistance, and what citations of piinciples
against a domination so heartless and destructive !
What pictures, at once true and revolting, would
have been drawn of the degradation of the people
broken in spintandpressed to thedust, byrxees-
si\e toil and intolerable exaction, and what fiery
indignation would have been felt and expressed
against the unnatural monster by whom the wrong
was devised and executed I The result is not
altered be cause we happen to reach it by a pro-
cess less direct. The evil will be the same, the
wrong the same, the same the suffering when the
excrement has parsed away and the fact remains, i
and we see it jn its nakedness; but then, if it is !
not so now, it will be too late to permit the dis- j
covery to be of much avail. t
Without pursuing this point,! would say that!
slavery has always been,and is, regarded as ado-
mestic question. The right to abolish it does,
and ought to, rest with the States in which it ex-
ists. Since the organization of the Government
the law of climate and soil has controlled the sub-
ject, and has caused the abolition of slavery in
six of the original States, and either abolished or
prohibited it m all but nine of the new States since
admitted. This Government is one of delegated
powers, and those not conferred are reserved to
the States respectively or to the people. In re-
gard to slavery the Constitution ia silent, and
therefore no power exists to amend it in the re-
spect indicated; and in addition, in my judgment,
that instrument contemplated that all the States
should participate in any amendment thereof.
Sir, I do notstand here as the apologist of slavery,
but merely to insist t-hat we have no right to in-
corporate the proposed amendment, and that even
if the right exists it is a most injudicious time for
the exercise of tfie power when we should desire
to bring back the seceded States to loyalty and
obedience. Our action in this respect cannot fail
to add fuel to the flame, widen the breach already
existing, further embitter the South, and prolong
the sanguinary contest. I do not regard this
question as having been decided by the late elec-
tion. The issue there involved was the vigor-
ous prosecution of the war for the restoration of
the Union. Entertaining these ideas, I cannot
vote for the proposed amendment.
Such are some of my views, Mr. Speaker, on
some of themost important questions which agi-
tate the public mind at this moment. If the war
be brought to a close within a reasonable time,
and a united country be the result, this great re-
public, with its immense resources, will spring
into new life, and under the blessed reign of peace
will ultimately shake off its burdens and repose
queen-like among the nations of the earth.
We must be prepared to make still greater sacri-
fices than any that have gone before, if necessary,
to save the Union; but the considerations to which
I have adverted admonish us, as I have observed
already, not to prolong the war a moment longer
than is necessary to < ffect its legitimate object.
Let us be careful lest in seeking to obtain a fan-
cied benefit for others we do not destroy ourselves.
It has been justly said, sir, that to most men ex-
peiiencc is like the stern-lights of a ship, which
illumine only the track it has passed. It will be
a sad thing for this Republic if those who have it
m their power to control its destinies are recoi ded
by history in such a category. On the use to be
made heieafterof thelight of experience depends
our whole future destiny.
It is to decide whether we take the first fatal
step of disintegration which will lead us to the
position of those jietty States whose weight in
the world's council is represented by a cipher,
and whose little quarrels only provoke a smile, or
whether we remain a great people—homogeneous,
united, and powerful.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. Speaker, it is not my
purpose to detain the House by an extended ar-
gument, on this qiu stion now. At the last session
of Congress I had the honor to express my views
upon it elaborately, and I do not desire to repeat
those views now, because I do the Mouse the jus-
tice to suppose that it remembers what I said on
that occasion. Mr. Speaker, gentlemen-nay say
what they please about the proposed amendment
of the Constitution of the United States, but no
man can successfully deny the assertion 1 now
make, that it is a radical change of the Govern-
ment of the United States. 11 is not an expedient
resorted to at this time to end this rebellion and
restore peace to the land*, but it is a blow aimed
at the very foundations of the Government which
our fathers gave us, and of which we have been
long so proud. It is an eifort to take from the
States of this Union, by constitutional amend-
ment, the gieat power of legulatmg their doim s-
tic and social affairs in theirown way, and I deny
the power to do that by Congress, even through
an amendment of the Constitution adopted in
accordance with the mode pointed out fot amend-
ing that instrument.
Adopt this amendment, change the Government
of the United States, say to the States of the Union
everywhere, North, South, East, and West, that
they shall not regulate their internal affans in
their own way, and is not that, I ask, chang-
ing the Government* Is it not taking from the
States a power which, if attempted to be taken
from them at the time the Constitution was adopt-
ed, would have prevented the adoption of that
instrument? If you can do that can you not
also introduce an amendment to the Constitution
prohibiting States of the Union from regulating
their marital relations? Can you not, with the
same propriety, take from every State of the
Union the right to regulate the relations of guard-
ian and ward ? Can you not, on the grounds on
which you claim the right now to change radi-
cally the Government of the United States, de-
prive the States of the Union by constitutional
amendment, at a time like this, of every power
which they exercise under our form of govern-
ment? And at what a time do you attempt this ?
You attempt it at a time when you are exerting
all the powers of the Government to bring back
to thairallegiance eleven lebellious States of this
Union. You are urging that they aic still States
of this Union; that they are still bound by the
Constitution and laws of theUnited States. They
have refused obedience to those laws and that
Constitution, and you are endeavoring to force
them to yield that obedience which they have re-
fused to yield willingly. Yet at the very time
you are doing, this you propose to say to them
that you will so change that Constitution ns to
make it entirely difTetent from what it was when
they engaged in this rebellion. We are to say
to them, " We call you back to a Government
which had no existence when you refused obe-
dience to it." Now, have we a right to do this?
Have we,the Repiesentatives of the people of the
United States, has this Government of the United
States the right to call upon the rebels to yield
obedience to this Government after we have made
it a Government entirely different from that from
which they seceded or against which they rebelled?
What is the moral obligation upon them to yield
now, when you shall have changed the funda-
mental law as you propose to change it? Ay ! I
go further, and ask, what is the moral obligation
of loyalty and obedience resting upon any State
of this Union, loyal or rebel, if you do this thing?
Do you not thereby absolve every State from its
allegiance to this Government ? Do you not make
it such a Government that any State in thisUnion
which may choose now to engage in the rebellion
in which eleven States are already involved will
be free from all liability to the charge of violated
faith ?
Sir, I said that I was not to be led into an elab-
orate discussion of this question *, and I will not be,
although the field opens out wide before us. We
have had this question presented to us once be-
fore. At the last session of Congress this proposed
amendmentto the Constitution was introduced by
the distinguished gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Ash-
ley,] who now fathers it. It failed then to rcceive
the requisite vote of two thuds of this body. Why
renew it now? Why bting it up again, on this
motion to reconsidt i thai vote? Does the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mi. Ashley] suppose that in-
ducements, arguments, jeusonH, influences have
been brought to bearupon the minds of members
of this body to induce them to act now in a man-
ner directly different from theiraction on that oc-
casion? What are those arguments? Where are
those reasons for doing now what we refused to
do then ? They have not been produced in this de-
bate. If they exist they are outside of the legiti-
mate subject-matter which is before us. There
may be motives moving gentlemen to do now what
they lefused to do then. But if there be, they are
hidden from my view; if not impalpable they are
invisible.
The President of the United States pays us a
veiy high compliment indeed in his last annual
message. He calls upon this Congress, before
Us expiring hour, to leconsider Us action upon
this question, and to do now what we refused to
do at the last session. What reason does he pro-
pose to us for that change ? What arguments
does he produce in favor of it now that he and
otheis did not adduce at the time this action was
before uiijrd upon us? Noneatall. He simply
says: 4'Gentlemen, it will be done by the next
Congress, and as the result is inevitable, as three
fourths of the next House of Representatives
will be in favor of it, why postpone the result?
why defer it 1 nger? why not accept your fate
and bow to it submissively?" He asks us to
abandon our principles, to give up our convic-
