&44:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
February 21,
After citing the provisions of the act for the
admission of Wisconsin, which I need not read,
the court said:
" By the admission of the State of Wisconsin into the
Union, on the 29th of M;iy, 1848, the territorial govern-
mcnt ceased to exist, and all the authority under it, includ-
ing the Jaws organizing its courts of justice and providing
for a revision of their judgments in this court by appeals or
writs of error. Tills appellate power does not depend upon
the judiciary act of 1789, but upon laws regulating the ju-
dicial proceedings of the Territory. And these necessarily
ceased with the termination of the territorial government.
" In the case of the United Slates vs. Boisdore's heirs,
(8 Howard, 1*21,) it is said that as this court can exercise
no appellate power over cases unless conferred upon it by
act of Congress, if the act conferring the jurisdiction has
expired the jurisdiction ceases, although the appeal or writ
of error be actually pending in the court at the time ot the
expiration of the act.
" The cases on this point are referred to in the brief m
that case, and afford full authority for the principle, if any
were needed."—1 Hill, 328; 9 Bam. <$• Cm., 750 ; 3 Burr,
1458; 4 Moore $ Payne, 341.
In the present case, it will be seen that by the
act admitting the State of Nevada the Supreme
Court of the United States lost all jurisdiction
over the cases that were then pending. They
were, so to speak, as if they had not been ap-
pealed to that court; it lost all power and all juris-
diction over them. The question, then, resolves
itself into this, whether, theSupremeCourtof the
United States now having no jurisdiction under
any previous law, being entirely destitute of ju-
risdiction over these cases, they being really of
State jurisdiction and not of Federal jurisdiction,
Congress now has the power to confer jurisdic-
tion of them upon the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States. It is jurisdiction that legitimately be-
longs to State authority; it has not been reserved
to the Supreme Court of the United States by any
act contemporaneous with the admission; it has '
not been reserved by anything that passed before.
This, then, is simply a question whether Con-
gress can confer upon the Supreme Court of the
United States authority to hear and determine
cases not of Federal but of State jurisdiction.
Whether this power could have been saved by a
reservation in the act admitting the State it is not
material here to consider, but -I shall hereafter
show that this jurisdiction was not saved.
But the opinion in the case from which I have
just read, in 10 Howard, goes further,and strongly
intimates that the jurisdiction could not have been
saved by any act of Congress, and I think it inti-
mates plainly that an act like that passed in the
case of Minnesota would have been unconstitu-
tional. Thecouitsay, immediately after the pas-
sage i last cited:
" The writ of error, therefore, fell with the abrogation of
the statute upon which it was founded.
" Besides, since the termination of the territorial govern-
ment, there ts no couit in existence to which the mandate
Of this court could be sent to carry iuto effect our iud"-
mem." °
it would be a thing never heard of for the Su-
preme Court of the United States to send a man-
date to the supreme court of a State, commanding
it to carry into effect the judgment of the Supreme
Court of the United States, in a case of State and
not of Federal jurisdiction.
" Our power, therefoio, would be incomplete and inef-
fectual, were we to consent to a review of the ease. (Pa-
tau vs. Hunt, 4 Howard, 5«9.) And, had the records been
transferred to the disti let court, as m the Federal cases, we
do not see but that the result must have been the same j for
tile case being one not of federal jui ^diction, should the
judgment be affirmed or reversed, and sent down to that
coutt, it would possess no power to cairy the mandate into
execution, having no power over the -case under the Con-
stitution or laws of Congress conferring juusdiction upon
theFederal court-*."—Constitution of the United States, Hit.
o, sec. 2; Judiciary Jlct of 1789, s-ec. 11.
After stating some other matters which I will
not take up the time of the Senate by reading, the
judge plainly intimates, as I have suggested, that
if it had been a part of the act admitting the State
into the Union that would not have saved it, for
he says:
" In placing the want of jurisdiction, however, upon this
giouml, we mu.-t not be uiiderslunU .is intimating that it the
provisions 01 tile Florida act of the 23d ol t'obiumy, 1847,
applied to the case, the jurisdiction could be upheld."
An act, passed subsequent to the admission of
I< ioriua, provided that cases pending in the terri-
torial courts should be transferred to the United
States district court, and heard and <MerminecI
there, ami go from there up to the Sunrfeme Court
or the united States, but did not provide that a
territorial case pending in the Supreme Court of
the United States might be determined there. It
was a general act providing for sending territorial
causes, pending in the territorial courts, to the dis-
trict court of the newly-organized State,and then
appealing them to the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States, but did not provide for a case like this,
where an appeal is now pending in the Supreme
Court of the United States from the Territory of
Nevada.
The learned judge says that if'that act covered
the case, (and his previous discussion had shown
that it did not provide for a case already pending
in the Supreme Court of the United States,) if it
had been passed as a general law applying to all
future admitted States, he does not see how it
could be upheld.
" In placing the want of jurisdiction, however, upon this
ground, we must not be understood as admitting that if
the provisions of tile Florida act of the 22d of February,
1847, applied to the case, tlie jurisdiction could be upheld.
For, it we are right in the conclusion, that even assuming
the record m the case had been transferred from the ter-
ritorial to the district court of the Slate, our jurisdiction
would still be incomplete and ineffectual, inasmuch as that
coui t possessed 110 power to carry the mandate into exe-
cution, the case not being one ot Federal jurisdiction, the
result would be the same as that at winch we have anived."
Then we say that this opinion of Judge Nel-
son, being the opinion of the Supreme Court in
that case, clearly intimates that it is impossible
upon the admission of a State to provide for re-
taining jurisdiction of causes, which are properly
of State cognizance, in any of the Federal courts,
not excepting the Supreme Court of the United
States; and certainly after that jurisdiction has
been lost, after the State of Nevada has been
admitted 011 an equal footing with all the other
States, when there has been 110 attempt on the
part of Congress to reserve to the courts of the
United States any part of the jurisdiction, this
power surely does not exist. It cannot be claimed
that this was a condition of our admission as a
State. It cannot be claimed that this case is dif-
ferentthan it would be if Congress were to attempt
to puss an act that some case of State jurisdiction
before a court in the great State of New York
should, notwithstanding the Constitution of the
United States, notwithstanding the law as it now
stands, be heard and determined bytheSupreme
Court of the United States, and that a State court
in New York should be the successor of some
other court, and should be subject to the mandate
of the Supreme Court of the United States m a
matter of State jurisdiction. I cannot see that
this case stands in any different position from
that.
Again, we claim that the legislation here pro-
posed interferes with vested rights this time.
In these cases judgments have been rendered in
the territorial courts. These judgments are now
absolute, and it is no matter how they became
absolute so far as the question of power is con-
cerned. We have the right to regard them as ab-
solute. Under these judgments rights have been
secured; under these judgments large improve-
ments have been made upon mining claims that
have been determined; under these judgments
process has been issued and parties have been put
in possession. I regret that I have not a copy of
our State constitution before me; I did not bring
a copy with me, and I have been unable to pro-
cure one here; but I will state for the information
ot the Senate that ourState constitution provides
for the transfer of all pending cases and of all
judgments from the territorial courts to the State
couits, and they have been transferred there and
executed there.
It seems to me that the question now presented
should be governed by the well-known rule that
the Legislature will not interfere with vested
rights by way of granting ai#'appeal where one
does not exist. That question has been consid-
ered and decided, and 1 need not refer to the au-
thorities upon it. I admit that it is a very nice
and delicate point to draw the exact line between
vested rights and those that may be regulated by
legislation. The decisions are extremely conflict-
ing; but there is one general principle that gov-
erns them all: that no legislative act should be
passed by any legislative body looking to the
past until it clearly appears that there is urgent-
demand for it. Some such apts have been upheld
by the courts, it would seem more because there
was an urgent demand for them m the name of
justice than because they were strictly constitu-
tional, and that appears to be the reason why
there is so much difficulty in drawing the line be-
tween what are and what are not vested rights
[t is, however, laid down as a general principle
that vested rights should not be disturbed, it js
a question which has been discussed in almost all
the States of the Union, and the impropriety of
interfering with vested rights under their consti-
tutions and on general principles has been main-
tained In Mr. E. F. Smith's Commentarieson
Statute and Constitutional Law and Construc-
tion, section 360, he says:
" In Maine, Vermont, and New Hampshire it has been
repeatedly held that tlie Legislature could not constitution
ally pass an act granting an appeal or a review or a new
trial in any case between private persons. (Lewis «7
Webb, 3 Green!. R., 3*26; Dunham vs. Lewiaton,4Gre< ni*
11., 140; Bates Kimball, 2 Chip. R., 77; Stamford vs
Barry, 1 Aik. R., 314 ) In the State of Maine the Legis*
lature, in 1824, passed an act granting an appeal from a
decree theretofore made by the judge of probate, and di.
reeling the judge of probate to allow, and the supreme court
to sustain, proceed, and decree in the *ame in the like man-
ner as if the appeal had been claimed and granted pursuant
to an existing law on the day of making the decree. The
constitutionality of this act came in question in the case of
Lewis et al. vs. Webb, above cited. One point made was
that it was a judicial act, and therefore transcended the
powers of the Legislature, to which this authority was ex-
pressly interdicted by article three, sections one and two
of the constitution of Maine. In the decision of this ques-
tion, Meilen, C. J., said:( What is the nature of the power
exercised by the Legislature in passing said resolve; is it
of a legislative or judicial character?' In answering this
inquiry, he held: the terms used in the first.section, as to
three departments of government, were general, and the
phraseology of the second section, prohibiting the interfer-
ence of the departments, was also general. Henee, as in
the instance then before the court,a question arose: what
exercise of power by those belonging to one department is to
be considered as an invasion of the province of either of
the other departments ? In reply to this, it might be sajd
at once, that if the Legislate e undertake to exercise judi-
cial power, they invade the province of the judiciary, be-
cause the constitution and the laws had placed all thejudi-
cial power in other hands.
But the question returns, did the Legislature exercise
a judicial power in granting to the appellants the right of
appeal? In form they did not; but if it was such in sub-
stance and effect it would clearly be a violation of the
spiiit, if not of the very language of the Constitution.
Whatever might be considered the natuie and character
of the deciee, since the appeal was claimed, it was veiy
clear that at the time the Legislature passed the resolve it
was in full force and virtue, and had been for almost five
years. The lights of heirs or creditors in the subject-
matter of that decree vested when it was passed, and so
remained undisturbed until the resolve professed to grant
the appellants leave to disturb them. The ordinary and
legal consequence of an appeal was to vacate at once the
judgment or decree appealed from ; had that effect been
produced in the present instance? Or was the decree of
the judge of probate in lull force then, and the administra-
tor liable to have a second decree passed against him by
the court on tiie same account? Such a decree passed by
the court would not operate to relieve the administrator
from the effect of the existing decree, unless the resolve
and the appeal claimed in virtue of it had completely va-
cated that decree ; and if it was not vacated thereby, why
was it not a bar to all proceedings in court when relied
upon as such? In fact, this appeal could not he sustained
on any other principles than that of its having produced
the usual effect ot an ordinary appeal; that was, having
vacated the decree below. Could the Legislature, by a
mere resolve, set aside a judgment or a decree of a ju-
dicial court, and render it null and void? This was an
exercise of power common in courts of law, a power
not questioned, but it was one purely judicial in its nature
and its consequences. It. was one of the striking and pe-
culiar features of judicial power, that it was displayed m
tiie decision of controversies between contending parties,
the settlement of their rights, and Airess of their wrongs.
But it was urged that the resolve was not liable to objection
on constitutional ground; that the resolve went no further
than to authorize a reexamination ofthe cause, to empower
one judicial court to review the proceedings of another
judicial court, by way of appeal, and thus do complete and
final justice to all concerned. It was true the resolve did
not ui terms purport to transfer property directly from one
man to another by mere legislative authority ; but it pro-
fessed to grant to one party in a cau*e which had been ac-
cording to existing laws finally decided especial author-
ity ro compel the other party, contrary to the general law
of the land, to submit his cause to another court for trial,
the consequence of which might he the total loss of all
those rights and all that property which the judgment com-
plained of had entitled him to hold and enjoy; that is to
say, n professed to accomplish, in an indirect and circui-
tous manner, that which existing law> forbade, and which,
by a direct and legal course, could notbe obtained ; and to
perform an act respecting a cau^e between party and par-
ty ; an act, therefore, of a judicial character in the simple
form of h'gi-tation. Such a law coiildnot be reasonable
within the meaning of that tetm, as used in the Constitu-
tion in the grant of legislative power."
This writer goes on to discuss the question, and
says it makes no difference how it is gotten at,
whether by circumlocution or by a direct act.
Having said thus much upon the constitution-
ality of the proposed provision, afd thus much
upon its being unprecedented, I come now to pre-
sent some important questions of policy) and l
hope that the Senate will listen and wei^h welt
the considerations which i am to present on this
point, it seems to me that they ought to becofr*
elusive.
