THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY F. & J. RIVES, WASHING TOST, D; C;
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1865.
New Series No.^G.-
- The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
Kaving expired, it becomes the duty of the Chair
now to call up the unfinished business of yester-
day.
. Mr. FOSTER. I hope that will be laid aside
informally until we dispose of this bill.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have no objection to
allowing the unfinished business to lie over in-
formally in order that the Senator from Nevada
may finish his speech; but I do not desire that
the unfinished business of last evening shall lose
its place.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished busi-
ness will bo regarded as passed over informally,
subject to the right of the Senator from Wisconsin
to call it up at any moment.
Mr. STEWART. I now propose to present
some reasons of public policy, I think of a high
character, so far as we are concerned, why this
bill should not pass with the amendments pro-
posed by the committee. In regard to the cases
now pending befoie the Supreme Court, I am
somewhat embarrassingly situated. I was en-
gagedin the court below on differentsides in those
cases; in some 1 was for the plaintiff, in others
for the defendant. My connection, however, ceased
in the court,below, and I did not expect to have
it continue here. I am now only to regard the
question of continuing them before the court as
to its effect upon the community, upon the new
State of Nevada, and upon the Pacific coast gen-
erally.
In the case ofLownsdale vs. Parrish, reported in
21 Howard, which went up from the Territory of
Oregon before the passage of any law making a
disposition of the public lands in that Territory,
the Supreme Court of the United States held that
neither party having any interest in the land, the
appeal should be dismissed; in other words, that
until Congress makes some disposition of the
public lands, all parties occupying those lands
ore simply naked trespassers, and must be so
treated, it is like a case which I may suppose.
Suppose the Senator from Oregon and myself
should be wanton enough to go into the parlor of
the Senator from Connecticut, break up his fur-
niture^ and get into a litigation before a court of
which he was the the judge, of course he would
be so situated that he must protect the property
in this pailor; and he would say to the Senator
fiom Oregon who was claiming damages from me,
4t Why are you claiming damages for something
done to my property; it belongs to me; you are
both trespassers, and 1 will treat you so. That
is the rule that has been established by the Su-
preme Court of the United States. The court has
said further that upon the public landsof the Uni-
ted States, where neither party could show title
derived from the Government or from some source
which the Government had recognized, no ques-
tion of prior possession could be heard; and con-
sequently if you bring an action of ejectment,
and have no principle to rely upon but prior pos-
session, it must go out of court. Now, what will
be the situation of all our litigation? We come
before the court with a mining case; and one of
two decisions must be made: theSupreme Court
will either reverse the case for want of jurisdic^
tion in the court belowand send it downand order
it to be there dismissed, or will simply dismiss it
here because the Supreme Court has no jurisdic-
tion. The great inconvenience of placing the Su-
preme Court in a position where it will be bound
to make these decisions can hardly be appre-
ciated.
In Nevada we have had in the last five years
much litigation, and important litigation, in set-
tling the property of that country; much of the
property of the coun-try has gone through the
courts. We have had probably as much litigation
as any State of New England, if not all of New
England, in the last five years. We have judg-
ments ofour courts under which millions of prop-
erty are now held. ' improvements have been
made on a grand and magnificent scale, the rights
of the parties being based upon the decisions of
ourcourts. Those decisions recognize the mining
60
rules of the country as the common law. They
allow us to recover upon prior possession, under
the rules and regulations established and enforced
by the miners. We have been allowed to go on
in this manner for the last sixteen years upon the
Pacific coast. No legislation has been had on the
part of Congress to give us any title which the
Supreme Court of the United States will recognize.
We have settled our titles among ourselves by
the tacit consent of the Government of the United
States. Large and prosperous communities have
grown up under that system. --The common law
as administered among us is well understood.
There is nothing, however, upon which the Su-
preme Court can act. If a case comes before it
where a party has been ruthlessly ejected from
his mine by a "jumper,"as we term him, an in-
truder, and the rightful possessor sues to recover
possession, and the case goes into the Supreme
Court of the United States, that court will say to
the plaintiff, " It is the property of the Govern-
ment of the United States, and you have nothing
upon which to recover." In other words, for
Congress to allow these cases to be adjudicated
by the Supreme Court of the United States is to
declare that he who came last, he who came and
by force ejected the rightful possessor, who had
spent his whole life, perhaps, in discovering the
mine, he who was strong enough by force to ob-
tain and hold possession, shall remain in posses-
sion; and you seek to bringali this litigation before
the Supreme Court of the United States for them
to declare this rule.
Now I say that in all justice and fairness be-
fore, for any private purpose, to satisfy any par-
ticular litigant, you require the Supreme Court
of the United States to pass upon these titles, you
should provide some law whereby the settlers of
that country can be protected m their titles. Will
you pass a law that in the courts of the United
States the local rules and regulations of the miners
established and in force shall govern the decision
of actions as they do with us, so that you will
give the property to the oldest possessor, so that
you will give the mine to the discoverer? Will
you establish that rule? Are you ready to say
that in this litigation which has been had, if these
people bring it up to the Supreme Court of the
United States, they shall have the laws adminis-
tered which they have eatabhshed and by which
that community has grown up? The Supreme
Court of the United States has no authority to
administer them until you pass an act to that
effect. It has declared that it will not recognize
these conventionalities.
Look at the effect of it. I have no doubt that
Congress will pass some act whereby our titles
will be secured to us. I have no doubt that when
the subject is investigated it will be seen to be for
the interest of the General Government to encour-
age mining and to pass such laws as will enable
us to develop and open that vast country, a coun-
try that is almost unknown, and would now be
entirely unknown but for the enterprise of these
same miners whose rights are here to be ignored.
But for them it would still be marked upon our
maps as the unexplored region of America. Be-
fore you undertake to interfere with their pros-
Eerity in this way, you should pass some rules
y which the Supreme Court can he governed.
But it may be said that if the Supreme Court
shall dismiss the cases here because it has no ju-
risdiction, and shall not order the court below to
dismiss them, it will merely leave the parties as
they are. That, however, would not do the appel-
lants any good; it would effect no good to anybody;
but it would do this: it would be a public advertise-
ment of one of the departments of the Government
that the miners on the Pacific coast have no title,
and it would tend to cast a shade over the enterprise
of that whole country. You cannot imagine the vast
harm a decision of that kind would do in stopping
the progress of development in that country. The
people there have invested their all and spent their
lives, believing that Congress will, when it has the
matter under consideration, do justice to their la-
borsand do justice to their rights in discovering and
openingand developing the mines; but if Cong!;es|
will pass the subject over to th° Supreme; Cour£
withoutany consideration on its part, withouipro-
viding for protecting them, and will call upon the
Supreme Court to apply an arbitrary rule, wo shall
have in effect all departments of the Government
concurring in treating us as outlaws and trespass-
ers. It will be done, of course unintentionally, by
an indirect action placing the matter before thojSu-
preme Court to declare a principle of law before
Congress has acted to prescribe thelaw by which
they shall be governed.
Now, I say that before a retrospective act, an
act that is unprecedented, an act that interferes
with vested rights as this undoubtedly will do,
is passed by Congress to relieve certain parties,
it should be clearly demonstrated that there is a
demand for the act; it should be demanded by the
citizens of that country. I may here state that
this very question of having the Supreme Court
of the United States pass upon our mining titles,
before the passage of any law of Congress for the
settlement of those titles, came before our people
when the proposition to become a State arid incur
the burdens of a State was under discussion; and
it was regarded by those who were most deeply
interested in that country as highly important
that this question of miners' titles should first be
acted upon by Congress before it should go to the
Supreme Court. We wanted to have State courts,
so that we could have our local rules and regula-
tions recognized by them as they have been for
the last seventeen years. That was one strong
argument for our becoming a State. But now,it*
you provide for dragging a few cases before the
Supreme Court of the United States, and getting
these injurious principles declared,and getting it
advertised that thoie is no title in our country,
that there are no rights there which are to be re-
garded, we shall have a panic in mining opera-
tions; we shall be placed back for a year or two;
and, as we can not expect to get any action of Con-
gress this year, we shall have to go through a
whole year with this cloud and this embarrass-
ment, when every year is important to the devel-
opment of the country if the present age is to
realize anything from the vast mineral resources
of the public, lands.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I shall not
detain the Senate more than a few minutes in at-
tempting to reply to the honorable member from
Nevada. The principal question which the dis-
cussion involves is, to my mind, entirely free from
doubt; and I say it after a careful examination of
the authorities upon which the honorable member
relies for the opposite opinion.
As to that portion of the amended bill to which
he objects, which lessens the compensation that
the clerk of the court shall reccive under the bill
as it caine from the House of Representatives, I
have nothing to say. If the compensation pro-
posed by the cbmmittee is not an adequate com-
pensation, the Senate can either alter it in that
particular or it can be altered in some subsequent
law.
I do not know that the Senate are now exactly
advised of what the ease is which demands, as I
think, the interposition of Congress. In the act
authorizing the Territory of Nevada, which was
passed in 1861,a provision was made which is to
ue found in all territorial organizations, and one
which Congress is obliged to make if it wishes to
preserve quiet in the Territory; and to secure
justice as between the individual suuois and jus-
tice as between the individual inhabitants of the
United States, organizing courts, and authorizing
those courts not to assume final jurisdiction in
certain cases, but providing that their judgments,
whatever they may be, in cases in which the
amount is such as if they had occurred in the cir-
cuit courts of the United States, could have been
carried by appeal or writ of error to the Supreme
Court of the United States, shall be so brought up
for review. The language of the ninth section
of the act says:
"Witts of error and appeals from the final deoisiwis of
said supreme court [of the Territory] shaU be allowed, au4
