946
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
may be taken to the Supreme Court of the United States,
ii\ the same mannerand tinder the same regulations as from
the circuit couits of the United States, where the value of
Ihe property, or the amount in controversy, to be ascer-
tained by the oath or atihniation of either party or other
competent witness, shall exceed §1,000."
Many of the cases involve amounts much be-
yond a thousand dollars, involve,as I understand,
(for 1 have no knowledge of what the cases are,
and have of course no interest in them as counsel,
or i would not be found speaking of the cases
here,) an amount of millions, and are now in the
Supreme Court upon appeals or wiits of error
prosecuted under the authority of the section to
which I have just adverted. While they are pend-
ing in the Supreme Court Congress hasadmitted
Nevada as a State, but by the act admitting her
as a State into the Union, clothed with all the pow-
ers that the States of the Union have under the
Constitution of the United States, omitted to pro-
vide that cases in the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States upon writ of error or appeal fiom the
territoiial court should, notwithstanding the ad-
mission of the State, be heard. The counsel for
the appellants—and 1 believe my friend who has
just taken his seat appeared in that capacity in
these cases—has moved the court 
Mr. STEWART. Allow me. I would state
that I was counsel in all/these cases, I beiieve,
except one, in the court below. I was for the
appellee here in one case, and in thiee cases I be-
lieve for the appellants. As 1 stated, I was sit-
uated in that way; but I am not counsel m this
court,and have no fuither connection with any of
that business.
Mr. JOHNSON. I knew the honorable mem-
ber had been counsel below and I supposed he had
followed the cases up here. The parties would
hardly employ other counsel when they could
have been so well represented by the honorable
member himself; but by those who are associated
as counsel in the cases a motion has been made
to dismiss theappeals or writs of error, and upon
this ground, that thei e could be no territorial courts
after the Territory became a State in the Union;
and they ceasing, in the absence of legislation
providing for the case, the mandate which the
Supreme Court would have sent to the territorial
court, and to which as the law stood at the time
the State was admitted the mandates could only
go, could not be sent, to any court, and that ren-
dered it illegal in thelSupieme Court to assume
jurisdiction.
The question for us is whether, when we have
authorized the territorial courts to exercise juris-
diction in the very ca&es winch are now pending
upon appeal to the Supreme Court of the United
States, and when we have authorized these very
cases to be brought by appeal to the Supreme
Court of the United States, we will permit justice
•to be impeded or obstructed by our own omission
to provide, at the period we received Nevada as a
State into the Union, that these casesshould, not-
withstanding, be heard by the Supreme Court.
But the honorable member tells us first, that an
act of that description would be unconstitutional,
and he refeis to decisions in 9 and 10 Howard
which he supposes establish that proposition. If
the honorable member will pardon me for saying
so, his viewofthem is an utter misappiehension
of tiiese decisions. The case in 9 Howard was
not acase ofappeal pending in the Supreme Court
of the United States, and brought there properly
by a law the validity of which nobody disputed,
and where Congress provided that, notwithstand-
ing the termination of the territorial court, the
Supreme Court might continue to exercise juris-
diction which they had once obtained by a proper
appeal, and in the exercise of that jurisdiction sent
their mandates to such court as the legislation of
Congress might prescribe, hut an entirely differ-
ent case. The State of Florida, after Florida
ceased to be a Territory, undcitook to give juris-
diction to ihe territorial courts of the United
Slates, and the Supreme Courtdecided that there
were no territorial courts of the United States;
that neccss.uily the moment the State was ad-
mitted into the Union without reserving for any
purpose the continuance of the territorial courts,
as was done in that case, those courts went out of
existence, and there was no authority in the State
of Florida by any legislation of our own to create
territorial courts; and that is all. There is not a
syllable in the opinion of Mr. Justice Nelson, in
that ease, or m the subsequent one, to be found
in ]0 Howard, which intimates that Congress
would not have the rightin cases now pending in
the Supreme Court, under the circumstances in
which they are pending, toauthonze theSupreme
Court to go on and decide them, and it would be
monstrous if it were otherwise.
The honorable member seems to assume that
the decisions of the territorial courts were all
right. Howdo weknow that? How does the
honorable member know it? What is the abso-
lute confidence that he has m that opinion ? 1 he
appeal taken shows that the parties prosecuting
the appeal and acting under the advice of their
own counsel thought that those decisions were
erroneous, and the honorable member'sendeavor
to defeat the provision that the cases shall be
heard rather implies a doubt that if they shall be
heard the decisions of the court below wiil be re-
versed. What does the amendmentpropose? It
does not place before the Supieme Court of the
United Stales any opinion upon the part ot the
Senate that the judgments or decrees rendered in
the court below are erroneous. It simply pro-
vides that they shall goon to hear and decide
these cases, which are about now to drop because
of our omission, to make provision for that fact
in the law admitting Nevada into the Union. Is
not that right? Was it right to authorize an ap-
peal to the Supreme Court? Congress thought
so, has ever thought so; and if it was right to au-
thorize an appeal, is it not right to make thatap-
peal effective? And what harm will the honor-
able member, or those whom he represents, his
constituents, suffer if this provision should be
adopted by the Senate? They will only have
this injury inflicted upon them, if that can be con-
sidered an injury, that is to say, of losing the
benefit of the judgments below if the Supreme
Court shall be of opinion that the judgments be-
low were erroneous. Ought the Senate of the
United States, who are placed here for the very
purpose of seeing that justice is administered,
stop for a moment in deliberating whether they
will not give to the citizens of Nevada, against
whom these decrees or judgments have been pro-
nounced, the opportunity of having their cases
heard in the Supreme Court of the United States,
which is given to the citizens of all the other
States in the Union ? To my mind—and I speak
it with all possible respect to the honorable mem-
ber from Nevada—it is a monstrous proposition.
As to the power to do it, I never before heard
it doubted. Maryland has done it over and over
again in cases precisely analogous. In Maryland
and in some other of the Slates there are limited
periods within which appeals must be prosecuted,
and after the expiration of those periods cases
have arisen where the Legislature of Maryland
has thought it proper to make an exception, and
to authorize the appellate court of Maryland to
hear and decide them, and the authority to do so
by the highest court in Maryland was held to be
so clearly settled that they would not hear an argu-
ment upon the subject. That is all i propose to
say upon the constitutional question.
It is said by the honorable member that rights
are vested. Vested how? Vested, according to
the assumption, because of the rendition by the
court below oferroneousjudgment; rights acquired
because the court below, by mistake, has taken
away rights that existed before; for, 1 repeat, if
the rights maintained by the judgmcntof the court
below are found by theSupreme Court to be rights,
there is no inconvenience, there can be no divest-
ing, because the judgment of the court below will
stand affirmed; but if, on the contrary, the Supreme
Court shall bo of opinion that the judgments ren-
dered iii the court below weie erroneous, then the
Supreme Court will have decided only that this
state of facts exists, that by the judgments of the
court below property had been taken erroneously
from one man to whom it belonged and given to
another to whom it did not belong; and ls'it possi-
ble that the Senate of the United States can hesi-
tate a moment in saying that if they have the power
they will guard against such a palpable injustice?
.Now, sir, a word as to the policy. The hon-
orable member tells us that there are certain mat-
ters of policy that ought to regulate the delibera-
tions of the Senate on this question. What are
they? He says they have certain mining laws
and usages; that these are known there and known
nowhere else. That is a great mistake. If they
are mining laws and usages that the parties had
any authority to establish, the Supreme Court
know them just as well as the territorial courts'
know them; and the bar of the Supreme Court
(for that bar has members from the courts of the
Pacific) understand them just as well as the mem-
bers of the profession who advocated the cases
in the court below and succeeded in obtaining
these hypothetically erroneous judgments. Pol.
icy! If there be any policy, Mr. President
which the Congress of the United States should'
hold more especially dear than any other, it is to
see that justice under the laws is administered
not under usages that are not laws, but under
what the Constitution of the United States pro-
claims are the laws of the United States and the
laws of the States in cases where the laws of the
States are properly before the Supreme Court of
the United States for adjudication. The very
object of the organization of the tiibunal is to
produce uniformity of decision, so as to make
the man in Maryland stand precisely upon the
same footing as the man in Nevada, entitled to
the same protection which the authority and the
wisdom of that court it was supposed would
always secure.
The honorable member tells us that he does
not know that there have been any precedents of
this kind. Why? Because the case for which
we are providing was provided for in advance,
or because there were no cases brought by appeal
or writ of eiror to the Supreme Court of the
United States pending at the time when the State,
formerly a Territory, was admitted into the Union.
I submit, then, without further detaining the
Senate that, whether upon the ground of consti-
tutional law or of high and enlightened policy, it
is incumbent on the Senate to provide against the
great injustice of having these cases disposed of
without passing through the review of the Su-
preme Court of the United States.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I will say
but a few words in reply to the Senator from
Maryland. He assumes some very extraordinary
positions. One is the presumption that the ter-
ritorial courts have done wrong, and the presump-
tion that the Congress of the United States in the
act of admitting the State of Nevada into the
Union also did wrong. Why, sir, who is asking
for affirmative relief here ? Who is asking for the
Supreme Court of the United States to take into
consideration and adjudicate these causes? The
presumption is that the law as it now stands is
right, until the contrary be shown; and I say that
before a relief bill is passed—this is a relief bill,
and its operation is simply to give the mine to the
squatter, to the man who came last—before you
pass a bill which shall produce such effects, it
should be shown affirmatively that there is de-
mand for it. It appears that Congress at the last
session did not see any necessity for such legis-
lation.
The Senatorfrom Maryland says that the rea-
son why there are no precedents for this meas-
ure is because there have heietofore been no cases
of this kind. The case m the book light before
him from Wisconsin was a case of the same kind,
pending in the same manner in the Supieme
Court here at the time the State was organized,
and the Supreme Cout t held that it had no juris-
diction. Was not that a case like this? Did the
parties there attempt to come before Congress and
ask for relief? Never but once was such a thing
piovided for at the time of the admission of a
State, that I am able to find, and that was in the
case of Minnesota. There have been numerous
other instances of the admissions of States where
the provision has not been made and the Supreme
Court did not presume to act, and one of those
cases was light before the Senator at the time he
made his statement that there were no cases of
this kind in oilier instances to be acted upon. #
The Senatorsays what they want is theadmm-
istration of the law; that they want the Supreme
Court to declare the law as it is; and that there
are no questions of policy when right is involved.
If you want the lawasitis, take it as n is in these
cases, and do not ask to change it. When you
ask to change the law, you ask to change it tor
some question of policy or of right. The Sena-
tor says he asks for the law as it is. I 'ej
the Supreme Court administer the law as it is-
say there are injurious consequences to arise from
having it administered in a different form trom
what it is. I say that passing this bill with the
