180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
be denied {he right of the elective franchise. This
power which he wants to perpetuate in Missouri
is to be accomplished by giving the elective fran-
chise to the black man and taking it from the
white man And the policy he recommends m
.Missouri you propose to carry out in all the
slave States in the Union. You intend that no
■State shall deny the freed negro the right of fran-
chise. If it shall be done in any State you will
«et aside its action by the Federal power. I
-believe you intend to claim the right to prevent it
by legislative enactment under that clause of this
joint resolution which provides that Congress
make the necessary laws to carry out the provis-
ions of this amendment. Is not this your pur-
pose? Will gentlemen deny it? This X aver to
he the object of the leading few who control the
following many of the party in power.
Mr. Speaker, there is another reason why I do
not wish to see this radical revolution in our Gov-
ernment effected at this time and by this body. It
is asserted that the next Congress will be able to
do it; that two thirds of that body will be in favor
Of this constitutional amendment. I admit that
it appears to be so. However, may we not cal-
culate that the same agencies which have been
brought to bear and operate successfully upon
those members who voted against this resolution
last Congress to induce them to change their votes
now, may be brought to bear with equal success
upon the minds of those who are elected to the
next Congress, before they shall take action on
this subject, to induce them to change their views ?
Changes may be effected by that time, and there-
fore I do not want to hurry up this thing now.
Another reason; those who are so anxious now
to make us reconsider our action and adopt their
views have, by the resolution, referred this amend-
ment to the Legislatures of the various States for
ratification. They have, as they have power to
do under the Constitution, selected the Legisla-
tures of the several States as the bodies to ratify
this amendment. Those Legislatures exist now,
and were elected by the people of the various
Stales without reference to this great question.
It was not a question in the canvass when they
were elected. The attention of the people of the
various States has never been called to it, as it
should be before its adoption. Therefote 1 want
the question postponed until those Legislulutes
are changed and new ones elected upon this very
issue. It becomes necessary to refer the question
to the Legislatures, or to a convention of the vari-
ous States. I prefer the latter, and desire that
mucH bodies shall be cleaned after a full discussion
of this question shall have been had in a canvass.
These various considerations justify me m the
vote I shall give again, the same vole I gave last
session. I reiterate the views I utteied in extenio
upon that occasion, and I believe m their solvency
as assutcdly as 1 believe in my own existence.
My coileugue said no man committed himself by
his vote heie; and I^nferied from that that my
colleague did not consider himself committed to
favor this amendment of the Constitution by vot-
ing to refer the question to the people, lie did
jiot say whether he would favor the ratification
of this amendment or not, but rather intimated
that he would not notwithstanding lie would vote
to refer the question to the States.
Sir, my colleague is mistaken in supposing that
this resolution refers the question to the people of
the various States. If it did 1 would not have the
same objection to it that I have. If refers this
question to the representatives of the people m
the Legislatures of the vai ious States, not coming
from the people after the people have expressed
their views at all upon the question. That, 1
think, should have prevented my colleague from
being influenced by the mistaken motives which
have operated upon htm, and I trust that when
lie comes to reflect that lie is not submitting this
question to the people of the States, but to the
Legislatureu of the States, packed, fixed, con-
trolled, as many of them are, lie will reconsider
his purpose to vote for it. Has my colleague
reflected that it is not and cannot be referred to
the Legislatures, conventions, or people of nine
States at all, and anything like an attempt at a
ratification of it by Virginia, North Carolina,
South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi,
Florida, or Texas, would be impossible ? it
would bo a farce to refer it to the people of Ten-
nessee, Louisiana, and Arkansas j and my col-
league knows well enough the condition of Mis-
souri, Kentucky, and Maryland, not to feel that
those States are not capable of giving a subject
like this that peaceful, uninfluenced, deliberate
consideration which its importance demands and
the Constitution contemplates.
My colleague says that he considers himself free
to oppose the ratification of this amendment in
Kentucky although he votes for this resolution.
Now, I cannot regard the matter in that light. The
whole argument of my colleague was addressed
to the State of Kentucky to show why she ought
to adopt this amendment. The whole scope of his
argument was to prove that it is the duty of Ken-
tucky to ratify this amendment; and ho\v, after
having argued and reasoned with the State of Ken-
tucky in favor of its ratification can he consider
himself free, when he goes home, to oppose it?
Mr. YEAMAN. My colleague rightly appre-
hended my position in saying that a man might
consistently and conscientiously vote for this res-
olution here and against the amendment m our
State, but I afterward distinctly said that I did not
put my vote upon that ground, but that I went
boldly forward and justified the amendment.
Mr. MALLORY. I did not hear that saving
clause. I heard the fust part, and I thought it a
position so badly taken that I determined to ad-
dress myself to it.
Well, Mr. Speaker, we are told in addition—I
have had that argument presented to me by my
consei vative Republican friends—that if we adopt
thisamendmentnow slavery will be extinguished
everywhere, and wiped out, and there will be no
moi e disturbing or dividing elements, and all con-
servatives can act together against this radical
party, and defeat the purposes by which they
really seek to levulutionize this Government.
TheU is one argument that has been addressed to
me by Republicans why I should vote for this
resolution, and it is an aigumentwhich has been
addressed to me why I should take eveiy step
which the Republican party has taken since the
commencement of this revolution, for we are in
revolution now. But, sir, how mistaken in their
views of human natuie arc those who expcctany
such lesult as that! In revolutionary times like
these, one step m revolutionary movement in-
duces nnothn, and every sut h step you sanction
makes it hauler to resist the next step. That is
the natural law of revolutionary movements. It
is tin; law of all movement. The more the move-
ment of a body is accelerated, the more difficult
is it to stop it; and besides, I consider this very
measure the most radical that has been, or can be
proposed—going farther in that direction than all
the laws passed by Congress and all the,usurpa-
tions practiced by the Executive since the party
in power commenced to revolutionize the Govern-
ment. It is not only a step toward the conversion
of the Government fiom a federative to a consol-
idated one, but it will be the accomplishment of
that purpose.
11 my colleague would see this matter in this,
its true light, he would not invoke us to sustain
this movement} and piofess his willingness after
that to aid us in our resistance to what he calls
the desUuetivc and radical policy of confiscation,
and the plans of reconstruction pioposed by the
President and this House, but he would see in it
(as J believe before God there is) more danger to
our liberties and to republican form of govern-
ment than in all the measures that this Congress
has or can enact, and in all the usurpations of the
present Executive.
No, sir; now is the time for effort to resist the
radical paity and save our form of government.
I invoke my colleague to reconsider his resolution
to support this amendment, and instead of prom-
ising to aid us in the future to pievent or cure
radical and destructive legislation, to aid us now in
defeating this measure, the mostiadical and de-
structive of all. Does not my colleague know that
former amendments of the Constitution were
adopted to protect and guard the States in their
rights and powers, and to enlarge them; and this is
the first proposition that has ever been made to re-
strict those rights and powers, and to aggrandize
the General Government ? I regard it as a move-
ment toward that centralization so much dreaded
by our fathers, and which we will reach, unless
gentlemen regain their senses before it is too late.
Sir, I do not intend to intrude longer upon the
House. I have spoken longer than I intended,
and it only remains for me to ask pardon of my
Republican friendsandof my Democratic friends
who may have changed their views upon this
question, for repeating that when the question
shall be taken I shall give the same vote as I gave
at the last session of Congress.
Mr. VOORHEES. Mr. Speaker, it is my pur-
pose to detain the House but for a few moments,
and to confine my remarks to a statement rather
than to elaborate them into an argument.
Jt must have occurred to every observer that
great indifference has been displayed during this
discussion on both sides of the House. Theques-
tionof amending the American Constitution upon
a point of the utmost magnitude has not engrossed
the attention usually given to ordinary legisla-
tion. Nor is this apparently strange fact any
reflection upon the intelligence or zeal of the mem-
bers of this body. On the contrary, itattests their
sound judgment and capacity to discern correctly
the eventful scenes through which we are passing
and which will soon become history. Every one
here by this time perceives that the existence of
the institution of slavery does not depend in any
degree whateverupon the enactment of this pro-
posed amendment. The fate of the war in which
we have so long been engaged has at last as-
sumed complete and final control of that great
question. In July last the President, with becom-
ing frankness at least, announced to the Ameri-
can people that no propositions of peace in this
unhappy land would be entertained by him until
slavery was destioyed. This was plainly stated.
1 do not now recall it in order to arraign the fatal
policy which, m my judgment, it involves, but
{simply to observe that this purpose of the war,
thus avowed, obtained a ratification, by means
however illegitimate, at the ballot-box. Pour
years more of power was thus given to the party
which makes the destruction of slavery a condi-
tion of peace as well as a condition of union.
Upon the assembling of Congress here a few
weeks ago, the Pi evident in his annual message
again asserted this condition as the only one on
winch the war could end. If it is thought that I
state tin* conclusion of Ins message too broadjy,
it is only necessary to recall his proclamations of
freedom to all the blaves in insurrectionary Slates,
and by which he tells us he intends to stand, lie
thus commits the blood and treasure of the coun-
try to the overthrow of the institution of slavery.
There is no escape from this position, and I do
not suppose he for a moment desires to evade it.
He told the people in advance for what they
should bleed and die in the event of his reelec-
tion, and he simply reiterates his assertion in the
message.
Theiefore, Mr. Speaker, if the arms of the
Government triumph throughout the region of
rebellion, whose visum is so dull as not to be-
hold the liberation of every slave, without any
other change in the Constitution than that which
war and lisurpations and proclamations have
already made? This Government now stands
committed to the destruction of slavery by all
the means which the people possess, and at the
expense of a thirty years' war, if that lapse of
time should be necessaiy to accomplish the re-
sult.
But reverse the picture, and suppose, for the
sake of the argument, that the rebellion becomes
a success and southern independence lifts its head
from the desolations of war. Slavery is at once
beyond our reach. "We would have amended our
Constitution in order to apply the amendment to a
foreign Power. Uut, sir, long before a final result
| is obtained by arms on either side of this baleful
contest I think I foresee the relinquishment of
this domestic institution by the action of the South
itself. I cannot close my eyes to the events which
are there transpiring. General Lee, on whose
shoulders rests the en tire cause for which the South
drew the sword, asks for negro troops, and they
will be raised. Slavery can no longerexistwhen
that policy is adopted. An army of liberated
slaves is totally inconsistent with the discipline
and police regulations by which alone the relation
of master and slave hi maintained and rendered
mutually advantageous. This fact is understood
and appieciated by the public opinion of the South,
and while yielding to it as a necessity, in order to
raise soldiers and recruit their diminished armies,
they will make the consequent and inevitable aboli-
tion of slavery a virtue m the eyes of the people
