1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
947'
amendment of the committee will bring before the
Supreme Court rules and regulations \hat they
will not recognize. 1 say that bringing these cases
before the Supreme Court in this manner is a
declaration on the part of the Senate that they wish
to have these rules and regulations ignored, be-
cause the Supreme Court must ignore them. These
"nines are situated on the public lands, and you
say to the Supieme Court, by passing a special
relief bill to b ting these cases before it," we will
not provide for those who have settled upon the
public lands any means by which they can get
title; we will not lecognize the right of prior pos-
session or of discovery in the mines; we will ig-
nore that, and call upon you to administer the rule
which you have established in real estate cases
where the parties have derived title from the Gov-
ernment; we will call upon you to give the land
to the last possessor." These are the questions
that come up.
The change proposed is wrong. It is asking
for a wrong. It is asking to distuib a settled con-
dition of tilings. There is nothing that appears
heie to show that any wrong has now been done,
but I say there is a presumption in favor of the
local courts. 1 differ from the Senator in this
respect. There is a presumption in favor of all
judicial tribunals that they have acted right; there
is a presumption that these cases are already de-
cided correctly; and there is a certainty that, with-
out any rules being prescribed by Congress to
govern them, the Supreme Court are not going
to take the advance and do something that you
will not do—declare that the rules and regulations
of the miners shall prevail. Pass such a law—
say that these cases, when they go before the
Supreme Court, shall he governed by the local
rules and regulations, and we have no objection.
Say that hereafter the Federal courts, in'adjudi-
cating the rights of miners, shall be governed by
the local rules; do not upturn the condition of
things, and you may pass your bill without any
objection from the Pacific coast. Provide that
the discoverer shall be protected; provide that prior
possession shall be a sufficient title, and we shall
have no objection. But if you pass the provision
as it is, in view of the decisions of the Supreme
Court, the effect will be that they will treat these
settleis and these miners as alien enemies, and
drive them out,and give the property to him who
has the strong hand. It is great injustice; and I
say the change proposed, without providing at
the same time rules by which the Supreme Court
can be governed, will cause great trouble and con-
fusion and embarrassment in carrying on the
mining operations of that country. It will open
up what it has cost five years to settle; it will open
what it has cost millions to settle. You will de-
stroy the vested n^hts in that country if you
drag these cases before the Supreme Court, and
let them again declare* that the miner shall not
recover in ejcctmentupon prior possession under
the local rules, which they will declare now, un-
less in your law you establish equitable rules by
which they shall be governed in'adjusting cases
as to mining titles.
Why can we not say what the Supreme Court
will say in regard to the litigation in reference to
mines on the public lands, neither party owning
the title? Why need we be so anxious that the
cases shall be heard ? Why need the Senate be so
anxious to place these cases now, where there is
a rule that the last comer, who has got posses-
sion by force, shall hold it? I cannot see. The
law as it was passed last wintcrwas correct; that
Jaw met the desires arid met the approval of the
people of the State. There has been no complaint
of it.
But it is asked here why the people there cannot
have their rights. Sir, let me ask, who represent
the people ot Nevada? Whoknow bestaboutthe
effect of a decision of this kind? Who is asking
to have the settled condition of things upturned?
Is it the people of Nevada ? Are they asking you
to destroy all the rules of decision by which they
are governed ? Put the question to the people of
Nevada, and how would they decide it? They
looked upon the privilege of governing their own
local affairs in their own way as a great boon, and
they supposed their settled rules on this question
would be maintained until Congress established
others. You have by your tacit action, by your
tacit encouragement, allowed them to open and to i
enter up that country, to build up new States, to 1
build up the Pacific coast, from which there has
been a stream of gold and silver that has enriched
the East. You have given them no rules of legis-
lation whereby to be governed. They have made
rules for themselves; and now will you have it
saiu that the prior occupants shall not hold these
mining claims according to the local law? If you
send it to the Supreme Court to-day, that will be
the decision. That is the effect of this provision.
That is what we complain of. You say you do
not want the local rules disregarded. Then pass
a law that they shall not be disregarded, and there
will be no objection to your bill. But, sir, I know
how it will desolate the country that we lepresent
to reopen the whole of these disputes, to declare
that the local rules are not in force, to have them
relitigated in the "State courts, to declare that the
last comer shall hold, to declaie that we will send
them to the courts to determine this mutter with-
out recognizing their local rules.
Tins question involves a great many consider-
ations; and 1 do hope that the Senate will not
pass this amendment at this time. Let it come
up separately. Let it not be attached as a rider
to a judicial bill. Let us have it referred to a
committee. Lotus take pioof as to the necessity
of it. Let it be examined. Let somebody ask
for it who knows its effects. Do not, I say, pass
the bill in this shape, and injure the country,
when the people of Nevada do not ask for it. I
have clients deeply interested in having this bill
passed; more clients interested in having it passed
than I have on the other side; but they admit to
me that it will create ruin and disturbance, and
disorganize our whole country, and they say to
nie, *« You are acting right." Although two or
three of them are urging the passage of this bill,
they admit it is against the public good. Sir, I am
here to represent, not a particular class, but the
people of Nevada; and I know that if this bill
passes, and we get a decision of the Supreme
Couit to the effect that we have no title there,
that the local rules and regulations shall not gov-
ern, it will injure the State of Nevada materially.
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President, I have no
clients interested in this bill, and I have not the
honor to represent the State of Nevada. The
wants of that people are unquestionably much
better known to the honoiable Senators who
represent that State so ably on this floor than
they can be to me. This bill, however, came
from the House of Representatives, and was le-
ferrcd to the Committee on the Judicial y, of
which 1 chance to be a member. The bill, in
the committee, was committed to my charge; it
was reported to the Senate; and that explains my
connection with it.
The honorable Senator suggests that we pass
the bill organizing the courts m Nevada, but leave
out anything in relation to causes now pending,
or to those which have already been decided in
the territoiia) courts, until a separate bill has been
brought in upon that subject, referred to a com-
mittee, and examined by the committee. I can
assure the honorable Senator that these questions
were examined by the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and very fully examined. The honorable
Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] will
bear me witness, especially in regard to this feat-
ure of the bill authorizing appeals and writs of
error to be taken from the teuitonal courts,
which, since the State has been admitted into the
Union, have judicially expired. The committee
thought that it was not just to parties who had
been litigating causes in those territorial courts
that they should not have the same rights of hear-
ing on appeal and writof error as they would have
had if these courts had been created when the Ter-
ritory of Nevada was admitted into the Union as
a State. The fact that Congress did not at that
time create those courts was an omission, an inad-
vertence on the pait of Congress; it was a wrong
to the people of that Territory. They were en-
titled under the Constitution and laws of the Uni-
ted States to the protection of that Constitution and I
those laws just as the people of every other Tor- j
ritory when admitted into the Union as a State :
are entitled. To deny it to them seemed to the j
Committee on the Judiciary to be a wrong; and !
therefore it was deemed not only just, but neces- 1
sary, that we should provide not only for the I
causes that were now peruffcig in the Supreme 1
Court, but also for those causes which had been
decided in the territorial courts from which ap-
peals and writs of error had not yet been taken i
1 do not propose to add to the argument of the
honorable Senator from Maryland [Mr. John-
son] in regard to the power of Congress over the
subject, or the expediency or the justice of exer-
cising it. Nothing said by the honorable Sena-
tor from Nevada, either in his opening remarks or
in his reply to the Senator from Maryland, has
made it necessary, in my opinion, for me to add,
if I could add, anything to what the Senator from
Maryland had previously said.
If, however, we were to examine the question
of constitutionality, how should we stand if we
followed the advice off the honorable Senator from
Nevada? Why, sir, we should reject this bill;
we should, therefore, cutoff the parties now in
the Supreme Court from all opportunity to be
heard; and we should effectually prevent those
whose causes have been decided in the territo-
rial courts from ever having their causes reexam-
ined, however manifest may be the errors com-
mitted or the injustice done in the court below.
Mr. STEWART. If the Senator ftom Connec-
ticut will excuse me, I omitted to refer to the re
port read byme. I think the Senator frtfm Mary-
land was very much mistaken in his remark that
there was nothing m these reports bearing upon the
point. On the contrary, they are directly in point.
They decide this proposition clearly: that it is not
in the power of Congress to give to the Supreme
Court of the United States any of the State juris-
diction. They decide further that it is not m the
power of Congress to make a State court the suc-
cessor of the Supreme Court of the United States
for a case not of Federal jurisdiction; and Mr. Jus-
tice Nelson gives an intimation that a proposition
like this would be unconstitutional. 1 would like to
reply to that position. At the time Wisconsin was
admitted into the Union, the case of McNulty
against Batty was pending in the Supreme Court.
It was claimed that an act that was passed after the
admission of Florida retained the jurisdiction and
provided for those cases already commenced to
come to the Supreme Court of the United States.
It was claimed that that law was m point; that it
was equivalent to saying that the United States
courts should finally dispose of all causes that were
then pending. They contended that the proper
constiuction of the law was the same as the law
that is sought to be passed here. The Supreme
Court first hold that the law did not cover the case,
because the case of McNulty against Batty was
ponding in the Supreme Coui tat the time of the ad-
mission of the State, and consequently the law did
not apply; but if it did apply, if it hud said in so
many woids that the Supreme Court should go on
and determine the causes pending in that com t at
the admission of the Stat!', Mr. Jus'ico Nelson
says they do not wish to be understood that such
an act would be constitutional. He says:
"In placing the want of jurifdu't ion, however, upon this
ground, we mint not be understood as admitting that if the
piovision? of the Flonda act of the 2Jd of Fthiuarv, 1847,
applied 10 the casu, thu jurisdiction could be uplu-ld"—
That'is to say, if it was an act analogous to the
one now under consideration—
u for, if we are light in the conclusion that, even assuming
liie tecoid had in the ea^-e been transtWied iruiri rile territo-
iin! to thedi-triet coui t ot the State, our juusdiction would
Mill be meonipicte and mefieetual. tiMMuueii us that couit
pn&sse^ed lio power to cany the mandate into oxoeution,
the cannot b«vmg one ot Federal juusdiction, the ie ull
would be the same a-> that at which wc have aruved."
11 is the same as saying if you pass an act here
making a State court tne successor of the Supreme
Court in a case of State jurisdiction it is ineffect-
ual, because the Supreme Court of the United
States has no means of carrying the mandate into
execution. Itcannot send itto a Slate court and
ask it to execute matters of its own jurisdiction.
It must execute matters of its own jurisdiction on
its own motion,
Mr. FOSTER. 1 believe the honorable Sen-
ator read from that case previously what he has
now read, and gave his views to the Senate in
respect to the meaning of the Supieme Court and
the principles enunciated by them in that opinion.
The honorable Senator from Maryland rephedand
gave his views; and it seems those two honorable
Senators differ very widely in their construction
of that case. I put it to the Senate—suppose
as between these two distinguished lawyers the
Senate aie to decide; is it not much safer that we
decide as the Senator from Maryland suggests
rather than as the Senator from Nevada suggests?
