1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of Europe, and seek for recognition and protection
on (hat account. How far they are likely to suc-
ceed in thus enhsting the sympathy and aid of
foreign Powers is a question well worth the anx-
ious consideration of the ablest statesmen now
intrusted with power.
Sir, in view of these facts, which are open to
eveiy eye, I hold that the question of slavery
is ntpidly diminishing in importance. Whether
for better or for worse it is passing away. I shall
not stop in this connection- to inquire whether
such a result is worth the terrible sacrifice which
is rrqmred to secure it; whether the doubtful
blessing which we confer upon four million ne-
groes by setting them free is not too dearly pur-
chased at the expense of the blood and tears and
toil which this war has entailed upon the land.
My views upon all these and kmdred points are
well known. I am now simply dealing with facts
which all are bound to accept, and which the party
that I belong to at least have no power to change.
I foresee, it is true, other and most vital issues
which will grow out of the destruction of slavery,
and which will divide the councils of men in the
future. The party now in power will seek to
enfranchise the liberated negro, to make him a
voter, a juror, and eligible to office. This has
already been done in many States in which that
party has the ascendancy, and the bill recently
introduced by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Ashley,] purporting to be a bill for the recon-
struction of the Union, provides for the exercise
of these privileges by the emancipated black man
throughout all the seceded States when they are
once more reduced to obedience. On all these
questions, sir, we will meet you at the proper
time. I shall do no more than allude to them
now.
But, although I regard the act of the House to-
day on this proposed amendment to the Consti-
tution with total indifference, so far as the exist-
ence of the institution of slavery is concerned,
yet I shall vote against its passage. I shall give
my reasons, but not elaborate them. I hold (hat
this is an improper time to amend the funda-
mental law of the country. Such an act should
not be consummated amid the fiery passions and
vehement hates engendered by civil war. Itshould
be the work of calmness and of peace. It is to
last for all time. There is an idea of perpetuity
attached to constitutionsand constitutiomilamend-
ments which does not belong to ordinary acts of
legislation. They should therefore be the wotk
of unclouded wisdom and not spring from the
wrath and smoke of the battle-field. If we have
spent a large portion of our time here since the
war commenced in repealing or revising or amend-
ing our hasty and crude legislation it should ad-
monish us to refrain from laying a rude and in-
novating hand on the Constitution itself. When
the sky shall again be clear over our heads, a
Eeaceful sun illuminating the land, and our great
ousehold of States all at home in harmony once
more, then will be the time to consider what
changes, if any, tins generation desires to make
on the work of Washington, Madison, and the
revered sages of our antiquity.
I hold also that it is an act of bad faith on the
pnrt of those in power to seize this time of patri-
otic sacrifice on the part of all to carry out and
culminate a favorite partisan scheme against which
nearly two million voters protested at the late
election. But this conduct has grown familiar to
us all, and I barely make the suggestion as worthy
of consideration in connection with the whole po-
litical career which this war has been made to pur-
sue under the dictation of an unhealthy fanaticism.
But I hold finally that the Constitution does
not authorize an amendment to be made by which
any State or citizen shall be divested of acquired
rights of property or of established political fran-
chises. The construction which our fathers gave
to the Constitution, and to which we have all
hitherto adhered, guarantied to the slaveholding
States the right of property in slaves. This prop-
osition is too well settled for discussion. It needs
only to be stated. It is true that the provision
of the Constitution which authorizes its amend-
ment is very broad and contains but one express
limitation. But it is always implied as a limita-
tion of power that a well-settled principle of pub-
lic law shall not be violated. To majorities are
intrusted great and diversified powers, but among
them, however great and numerous, is never
granted the power to rob a minority of its vested
rights. This amendment, in my judgment, pro-
poses to commit this wrong in regard to every
slave State on which it can ever be brought to
operate. I deny the power. If it can be exer-
cised on the subject of slavery it can on all others.
If the rights of a State and of its citizens on this
subject can be destroyed ail other rights may per-
ish by similar usurpations of power. A minority
would thus be left no resource save that of revo-
lution. I cannot give my sanction to a measure
fraught with the entire overthrow of the whole-
some doctrine that States have certain reserved
sovereign rightswlnch no external power can take
away,
I have thus very briefly given the views which
control my action on this question,and now take
leave of it, simply expressing the hope that what-
ever may be done may advance the happiness of
the people.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, when this subject
was first brought before the House for its action
I thought I would take no partin the discussion,
but would content myself with giving a silent
vote. But the subject is one of such importance
to my State and of such great interest that I think
it my duty to my constituents, the freemen whom
1 represent, that I should say something to try to
prevent the passage of this resolution. My de-
termination to say something arises from the fact
that most of the members who have participated
m this discussion have evaded the question now
before the House, which in reality and truth
only concerns the State of Kentucky. 1 shall en-
deavor to demonstrate that fact. We see here in
this House twenty-odd northern States arrayed
against one southern State. I conceive that to
pass this proposed amendment to the Constitu-
tion is in violation of plighted faith made to my
State and people, and cannot be evaded without
dishonor; it is in violation of faith pledged not
only to Kentucky but to the whole country.
Mr. Speaker, in discussing this question I per-
ceive most gentlemen commence their remarks
against rebels, and are unttringin theirabuseand
denunciation of the rebellious Statesf the whole
burden of their speeches is against the rebellion,
when in reality this is a movement, not against
the rebellious States, but against a loyal State now
in the Union.
The attempt is made to sway men's judgments
by a wholesale abuse of the disloyal Slates, for
the purpose of committing an outrage on a loyal
State of the Union. I was not present, when this
question was discussed and voted upon at the last
session of Congress, and did not hear the argu-
ments that were made in its support. But from
what I have heard here during this session I dis-
cover that the supporteis of this measure are de-
sirous of preventing the true issue from coming
before the House and the country.
What is the use of this proposed amendment to
the Constitution ? You contend that by the proc-
lamation of the President slavery is already abol-
ished m ail the rebel States. Itisneedless, there-
fore, to apply the proposed amendment to any of
them. You do not intend that they shall ever
return to the Union. The honorable gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] has taken the
ground heie that the rebel States are no longer
m the Union, and are, therefore, not entitled to
the protection of the Constitution, and the action
of Congress in receiving West Virginia in the
Union as a State in violation of the Constitution
of the United States seems to indorse his senti-
ments. I read from his speech delivered in the
House on the 9th of December, 1862, upon that
question:
" Now, these rebellious States being a Power by the ac-*
knowledgment of European nations, and of our own na-
tion, subject and entitled tobelligerent rights,have become
subject to all the rules of war. i hold the Constitution ha*
no longer the least eft'ect upon them." * « * *
l> Ilence I hold that none of the States now in rebellion
are entitled to the protection of the Constitution, and I nin
grieved when! hear those high in authority sometimes talk-
ing ol the constitutional difficulties of enforcing measures
against this belligeient Power, and the next moment dis-
regarding every vestige and semblance of the Constitution
by acts which alone are arbitrary."  -**•*
"Tins talk of rettoung the ' Union a-i it was under the
Constitution as it iV is one of the ab-uiditics which I have
heuid till I have become fcick ot it. Tins Union can never
be motored os it was. Timto are many things which ren-
I der Mieh an event impossible. Tln^ Union shall never,
i with my consent, bo restored under the Constitution it
j i-i, with hluvciy juotuaed by u. -CougresMonul GLolc,
; vol. '17, part 1, p. 00.
On what, then, is it proposed that the amend-
ment of the Constitution shall, in reality, act?
Solely on the State of Kentucky, a State which
has always been loyal to the Union. She has
not a spot or stain on her escutcheon. She has
been always true to the country and the Consti-
tution. Then I ask gentlemen why, \y!)en diffi-
culties are thickening around us, they sJioyld
strive, at a time like tbisj to increase those diffi-
culties ? It has always been admitted by northern
statesmen heretofore that Congress had no right
to interfere with any State on the subject of sla-
very. Daniel Webster, one of theablest men thai;
the North hasproduced, and in his day the great-
est constitutional lawyer and statesman in the
country, in one of his speeches in opposition to
the extension of slavery in the Territories, said.:
We have slavery already among, us. The Constitution
found it among us; it recognized it, and gave it solemn
giuuantecs. To the tul! extent of these guaiantees we are-
all bound in honor, in justice, and by the Constitution."
  * * * " Slavery, as it exists in the States, is
beyond the reach of Congress. It is a concern ofthe States
themselves; they have rievei submitted it to Congress,and
Congre^p has no rightful power over it. I shall coneur,
therefore, in no act, no measure, no menace, no indication
of purpose, which &hail interfere, or threaten to interfere,
with the exclusive authority of the several States over the
subject ofslavery as it exists within their respective limits."
On another occasion, in the Senate, Mr. Web-
ster said:
I have often, Mr. President, expressed the opinion that
over slavery as it exists in the States this Government has
no control whatever. Jt is entuely and exclusively a State
concern. And while it is thus ele.ir that Congress has n'o
direct powei over the subject it is our duty to take care that
the authoi ity ot the Government is not brought to bear upon
it by any indirect interference whatever."
And at a still later period, recurring again to
the same subject, m a public speech, Mr. Web-
ster said:
" I hold that Congress is absolutely precluded from inter-
fering inqpiy manner, director indirect, with this [slavery]
as with any other of the institutions of the States."
* * * "I say that there is no power, direct or
indirect, In Congress, or the Geueial Government, to inter-
fcie in the slightest degree with the institutions of the
South."
These were the opinions of that great and good
man; although born and reared in the North, op-
posed to slavery, his honest conviction governed
him, and Massachusetts s'atesmcn would do well
to follow his example.
We have been told here, not only by the Presi-
dent of the United States, but by Mr. Seward,
Secretary of State, as well as by Congress itself,
that neither the people of the non-slaveholding
States nor Congress has any power over the sub-
ject of slavery. In tlu^way the State of Ken-
tucky has been led along, step by step, by the
pledges you have giv.en her, until she is now, as
it were, powerless m your hands, and stands in
the attitude of one State pleading- for justice against
more .than twenty. 1 do not ask for any favor to
Kentucky. I simply ask for justiceforher. Give
her what she is entitled to, and no Ihore. I ask
no more.
How does the proposition affect Kentucky?
Let us look at the interest that she has in this
matter. Most of the members of this House have
little interest in the question. It is a mere idea
with them. They sit here and vote away the
property of others, while they themselves have no
interestin it. How is it with regard to Kentucky?
Her slave property before the war was worth
$150,000,000, and would be at this day worth
more if it had not been for the action of the Fed-
eral Government. You have no right to take
away that property unless for the public use, and
then only on making justcompensation. I have
heard much about " military necessity," but you
would have just as much right, under this plea,
to go to northern manufactories and take away
clothing, boots, and shoes, by force of arms, for the
use of the Army, as you would have* to go into
Kentucky and take our slave and other property.
You would have just as much right to go into your
large cities and take money from the banks and
other moneyed institutions, on the plea that it was
necessary jn order to pay the soldiers to carry on
the war. I believe in no such necessity, and such
conduct is merely robbing the citizens, contrary
to the constitutional laws of the country.
But you say that you intend to make this legal
] by changing the Constitution; and you ask us to
j consent that the General Government shall rob
! one State for the benefit of all the rest if you have
i; a so. You proposq to carry the amendment
