1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
949
regard to the whole of the mining interest, and
yeta mining count)y could not be settled,and the
operations of mining carried on with anything
like order or security for the length of time that
such has been the case in that and other mining
countries on the Pacific coast, without some sys-
tem of laws regulating the mines, the proprietor-
ship, and the title to the mines, and the rights of
the various persons who take possession of them.
These matters have become the subject of usage,
of comity, and of a code of laws that have been
adopted without any sufficient authority, but still
with the perfect concurrence of the people of the
mining countries; and under this system of laws,
thus established, the interests and the rights of
the persons in possession of the mines have been
recognized and adjudicated upon by their terri-
torial courts.
Now, if those cases are brought up to the Su-
preme Court, that court repudiates entirely this
system of laws arising from comity, from usage,
from necessity, established by the common sanc-
tion and consent of the whole mining population,
and the rights of parties to the suits are decided
irrespective of this code of laws that has thus been
built up, and upon which the rights of the miners
have been regulated, have been passed from
vendor to purchaser, and have been adjudged by
the territorial courts. It seems to me tins would
introduce a great deal of confusion and agreat deal
of in justice and wrong among the miners of Ne-
vada. It seems to me, if Congress has the option
in refusing to adopt this amendment to sustain
this system of laws that have thus been built up
in Nevada, and of recognizing the principles ad-
judicated by its courts upon this system of laws
and upon which the rights of miners have been
settled and adjudicated there and have passed in
the course of will, by descent and by purchase,
that Congress so far as it may recognize, ought
to recognize the existence of that code of laws and
of the rights that havegrown up under it. B^ing
of that opinion, being of the opinion that it is a
question of expediency, of policy, as the Senator
from Nevada said, that all the claims of order, of
justice, of abstract right, ore in favor of acqui-
escing in the system of laws established by those
miner* and in the judgments winch the courts of
that Territory have passed upon them, and in ail
the rights that have grown up under them, i
think it would be most conformable to justice
and to wise legislation that this bill should not
pass in a form authorizing the Supreme Court to
continue a jurisdiction that would result in the
•.repudiation of that system of laws, and in all the
rights that havegrown up under it. Therefore, sir,
although I should be in favor of the fifth section
of the amendment of the committee I am entirely
opposed to the policy and justice of the sixth
section.
^ ThePRESIDINGOFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole.
The amendments were concurred in.
Mr. HALE. I observe that the Senator from
Nevada and the Senator from Kentucky both
assume, as a matter settled beyond controversy,
that if these cases come up before the Supreme
Court they will entirely disregard these local laws.
# I want to ask where is the authority for that as-
sertion? I ask for information. 1 do not cavil
at it.
Mr.STEWART. The authority foritisfound
in a case from Oregon, in which the courtdeclared
that until Congress made some provision for .the
disposition of the public lands, or until some Jaw
of Congress was passed under which title could
be obtained to them, they would disregard any
possession upon the public lands or any right
upon them in either party. I wish now, Mr.
President, to offer the following amendment, as
an additional section to the bill:
And be it further cnactcd, That in actions respecting
mining claims the i customs, and regulations of miners
shall be regarded us law and cnlOieeU by the courts of the
United Suites: Provided, Tins shall not be so construed
as to affect in any wise tiie right or ownership of the Uni-
ted'States to the same.
I would like to perfect' the language of this
proposition a little more. I have hardly had time
to draw it up. i will ask that the bill be laid
over, so that I may offer a provision to remedy
a difficulty that will be apparent to all Senators,
of having these cases adjudicated without bring-
ing into requisition those local rules and regula-
tions; because this bill provides for bringing up
a large number of cases, all the litigation for the
last five years, for the limitation on them does not
lapse for five years, and there is a great mass of
litigation there. If they are to be determined in
the Supreme Court without applying these rules
and regulations, the man who has force enough
to hold possession, the last comer, the man in
possession, will remain there under these decis-
ions of the Supreme Court.
Mr. COLLAMER. Let me ask the gentleman
a question. Does he mean to be understood that
it has been decided by the Supreme Court of the
United States that in an action of ejectment
prior occupancy is not a sufficient right?
Mr. STEWART. Yes, sir, I do.
Mr. COLLAM ER. Did they ever decide so ?
Mr. STEWART. Yes, str, in repeated de-
cisions; and that is the trouble.
Mr. COLLAMER. I must confess I do not
understand it. I suppose that in the cases where
such decisions were made the parties were all
wrong; they were all without right.
Mr. STEWART. It may beall wrong, but it
is the law, and we have got to be governed by it.
It is the thing I want to avoid. Allow me to read
the Syllabus in the case of Lownsdale vs. Parrish,
91 Howard, page 290:
" Congiess pasted no i;nv in any wise affecting title to
lands in the Territory ol Oregon until September, 1850; and
therefore where a controversy aro*e,in July, J 850. relating
to titles to land, neither party could be said to have a legal
title.
" Consequently, thp amount in conhovorsy conld not be
ascertained so as to biing the case within the jurisdiction
of tins court; ami theje h no question arising under the
('on-t nation oi laws of the United States as to give juris-
diction.35
And they go on in the opinion and reason it all
out. This was an action tor damages for injuiy
to the possession.
Mr. COLLAMER. I am talking about an
action of ejectment.
Mr. STEWART. I will state for the infor-
mation of the Senate that most of the actions for
mining claims are brought for trespass.
Mr, COLLAMER. Is there a case in anycourt
in the world in which they disturbed a man in
possession on the claim of another man who had
no right? Was there ever such adecision made?
Mr. STEWART. They have refused a rem-
edy, which is equivalent to it.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 will ask the honorable Sen-
ator from Vermont thisquestion; eupposeaminer
has been in possession five years, and a wrong-
doer or a number of wrong-doers go and turn
him out with the strong hand, and are in posses-
sion themselves, what remedy has that miner?
Mr. COLLAMER. He can bring his action
of ejectment to the court.
Mr. DAVIS. Why, he is a trespasser.
Mr. COLLAMER. That is immaterial. I
apprehend that prior occupancy is always suffi-
cient against a trespasser.
Mr. DAVIS. But both were trespassers.
Mr. COWAN. An outstanding title from the
United States would be a good defense.
Mr. STEWART. It would be a good defense
in the Supreme Court of the United States, but
we have not allowed it to be set up. We rely on
the prior possession always. We give the title
to the prior occupant. I will read a passage from
the decision of the Supreme Court in the case of
Burgess vs. Gray, 16 Howard, page 65:
"And the mere possesion of public land, without title,
will not enable tiie party to maintain a suit against any one
who enters on it; and more especially he can not maintain it
against persons holding possesion under title denved from
proper officert-, of the Government. lie must first '.how a
right in himself before he can call into question tiie validity
ot theirs."
1 do not believe a case can be found where a
party has been allowed to recover on prior pos-
session alone in the Supreme Court of the United
States. The rule in ejectmentis that the plaintiff
must recover on the strength of his own title.
Mr. COLLAMER. The particular form of
action may come up, but I undertake to say thgt
in the whole history of this world there cannot be
found a decision of a court that would not sus-
tain a man in his title by prior occupancy against
a wrong-doer without title.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 will ask the honorable Senator
a question. In the case I put 
Mr. COLLAMER. I have answered lhatcase.
He would have an action 
Mr. DAVIS. Let me put my question, and
then the Senator can answer it. In the case I put,
suppose the prior occupant of the mine brings an
action against the man who enters upon him, and
the defendantin the action of ejectment shows an
outstanding title in the United Slates, would not
that defeat the recovery of the plain tiff in the case?
Mr. COLLAMER. Not at all.
Mr. DAVIS. That is the law of my State.
Mr. COLLAMER. If I am in peaceable and
quiet possession of land another person has no
right to eject me or turn me out of possession, and
when I bring my action against him turn around
and say, '* John Styles owns the land." That is
none of his business.
Mr, DAVIS. Why, Mr. President, there is
not a case decided in the Siate of Kentucky, in
which the question ever came up, that the judg-
ment of the court was not that where the defend-
ant in possession, who has been sued^shows an
older outstanding title and the right to enter in
a third person, that it did not defeat the action of
ejectment; and Runnington,andAdams,and other
English authorities upon the action of ejectment
establish the same principle.
Mr. COLLAMER. According to that idea, if I
undeistand the gentleman, if I find my brother
Davis in possession of a piece of land and I ascer-
tain that John Styles owns that land, and I go and
turn my brother Davis out, and he brings an ac-
tion of ejectment against me, I may turn around
and say to him "It was John Styles's land."
lie would then ask me: "Did he give you the
right to enter?" "No; I never had any under John
Styles." What business have t to turn you out
because John Styles owns the land, unless I get
John Styles's right? Certainly there is no law in
that.
Mr. DAVIS. It is upon this principle: that no
two trespassers have a right legally to litigate the
title of land between themselves.
Mr. COLLAMER. Prior occupancy is al-
ways a right against strangers.
Mr. STEWART. 1 will ask that this matter
lie over. 1 should like to perfect asection of this
kind which shall sccure the rights of the miners.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator move to postpone the further consideration of
the hill until to-morrow ?
Mr. STEWART. Yes, sir; I will not occupy
any time now in debate upon it.
Mc. FOSTER. I really hope the bill will not
be postponed. At this stage of the session post-
ponement is equivalent to defeat, lfit is designed
on the part of the Senator to defeat the bill 1
submit he had better avow it. If it is not, if he
wishes to amend it, certainly there can be no ob-
jection to any amendment that shall require the
Supreme Court to decide according to law and
right in every case. I am not so afiaid that the
Suffceme Court will outrage law, justice, and
propriety, as the gentlemen seems to be; but if
theie is danger of it, I am by no means opposed
to any amendment that shall require the court to
observe all proper rules. The Senator has cer-
tainly not thought of this subject to-day for the
first time. Ever since the honorable Senators
from Nevada took their seats here, this bill has
been pending. We are now getting toward the
close of the session; and f repeat again that the
Supreme Court has decided that these causes
shall not be postponed beyond the 27th instant,
as their session terminates on the 3d of March for
the hearing of arguments. If this bill, therefore,
can be kept along so that by going to the other
House action upon it may be defeired until after
the 27th, every gentleman that desires 
Mr. STEWART. With the permission of the
Senator I will withdraw my motion and will ask
to have my amendment considered as it is now
presented. I think it is in form.
Mr. CONNESS. Let the amendment be read
as it now stands.
The Secretary read, as follows:
And be if further enacted, That m actions- respecting
mining churns the ruU s, customs, and rci:nl<uirnf. of min-
ers, Miali be regarded as law and enfmced by the courts of
the United States : Provided, Thir- MmII not be ^(/construed
as to afieet in any wise tile ngbtot ownership of tiie mines
by the (Jmted States?.
Mr. CONNEsS. This is an important ques-
tion.
Mr. COLLAMER. If the gentleman will in-
dulge me a moment, I desire to suggest an amend-
ment to the last clause of the amendment by add-
ing the words " or those claiming under them."
