1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
183
They belonged only to Great Britain. When
they threw off dependence to the mother coun-
try they were free and independent to all intents
and purposes, and were so recognized by the world.
They formed a Confederacy of States, and that
not working well thcy^oncluded to establish this
Union. What followed? I need not go to the
debates of the Convention to show that this is a
Union of independent States. The Constitution
itself said that whenever it was ratified by nine
out of the thirteen States it should be binding,
not upon the thirteen, but only upon the nine.
There was no power to be exercised, nor could
there be, for forcing the reluctant States into the
Union. This is not a consolidated Government,
but a confederation of independent States. The
Constitution of the United States is the bond of
the Union. It is the contract by which the States
agreed to form a Government for themselves. It
is a limited Government. The Constitution de-
clares that the powers not vested in this Govern-
ment are reserved to the States and to the people.
We have, therefore, none but delegated powers,
and when we undertake to go beyond them our
acts are null and void. You have 110 more right
to change the fundamental law in reference to
slavery, being one of the reserved lights of the
States, than you have in reference to anything
else, and if you do it you do it by force and
foice alone.
Now, Mr. Speaker, why did this House repeal
the fugitive slave law? Had it a beating upon
atly other State than Kentucky ? Certainly not.
Had not Kentucky stood the fast friend of the
Union? Was she not loyal and entitled to pro-
tection, and does not the Constitution declare that
slaves fleeing from one State to another must be
delivered up? That is the substance as well as
the language of the Constitution—that the fugi-
tives from labor Khali be delivered up to their
owners. Have you then dealt fairly with Ken-
tucky? Whystab oneof yoursistorloyal States?
You know it was a stab at one of your own loyal
States.
And why this great anxiety to overpower Ken-
tucky ? Mr. Speaker, this idea of restoiing the
Union lias gotten out of your head. It has gone.
You have departed from all the principles laid
down by which you could conduct this thing
properly; and now your acts would indicate that
plunderand robbery were your mam object. You
are confiscating the negroes, as you call it. A
militaiy necessity, you say. You are leaving the
farmers without any help whatever; and you are
putting not all of them into the armies of the
United States, but only a few of them. You have
the remainder of them limning about the country,
pay ing them high wages, and making the people
of the United States clothe and feed them.
And then you are taking others and what are
you doing with them ? You are lunning them off
into the various other States, there to make ser-
vants of them just as they were from whence you
took them. And such as nobody will have you
are taking them away into camps, because they aie
not fit for servants, in my State is Cam p Robinson,
^ # historic almost, because of its early location. It
is built up almost like our cities, and indeed sur-
passes many of them, and even some of our capi-
tals. It has water-works which supply it with
water by a steam engine from the 1 iver;millions of
dollars have been spent there, and you and I are
taxed for all these things. Men high in position
and receiving large salaries are doing nothing but
superintending these camps. This is the way the
people's money is squandered, and you legislate
upon all these matters as though you had the
right to do it.
All your arguments and all your homilies upon
slavery I have heard. They are nothing but the
distempered imagination of narrow minds, cater-
ingtothepublicopimon ofalowand degraded con-
stituency; nothing else. We ought to give them
as much attention as the advice of a pauper picked
up in the streets of London would receive m re-
gard to the financial affairs of the Barings or the
Rothschilds, who cannot keep a sixpence m his
pocket from morning to night.
You talk about slavery, and say you want to
do us good by taking our slaves away ftom us.
If you would match your armies into your north-
ern cities, where men live in marble palaces, who
make fortunes out of the people, and if you would
seize the contents of their banks and distubute it
among the poor, you would do more good than
you would by letting those nabobs have it who
eat their sumptuous dinners and drink their fine
wines. If you are going to revolutionize society
everywhere and do the greatest good, seize upon
that property and divide it among those who are
poor and needy.
The remarks of my friend from New York,
[Mr. Odell,] which I heard with regret, were a
slab directly at the right to hold property. He
is arraying the small number of slaveholders
against the large number of non-slaveholders, and
would rob the few to please the many.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ICASSON obtained the floor, but yielded.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled an act (IX. R. No. 597) making ap-
propriations for the payment of invalid and other
pensions of the United States for the year end-
ing June 3p, l^GG; when the Speaker signed the
same.
FAYMENT POIt QUARTEItM ASTERS' STOKES.
Mr. GRIDER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to amend an act approved July 4,
1864, providing payment for quartermasters'
stores; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
NAVY CONTRACTS.
Mr. CIIANLER asked unanimous consent to
introduce a joint resolution authorizing the ap-
pointment of a commissioner to settle and adjust
the claims of certain contractors with the Navy
Department.
Mr. WASI3BURNE, of Illinois, objected.
RANK OF MILITARY OFFICERS.
Mr. GAUFLKLD, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to determine thf, rank of military
officers reentering the militaiy service; which was
read a fust and second time, releired to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and oidered to be
printed.
And then, on motion of Mr. ASHLEY, (at
ten minutes past four o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.  
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 10, 18G5.
Prayei by Rev. B. II. Nadal, D. D., of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia.
The Journal of yesterday was read and appt oved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. COLLA.MER presented the petition of
Edmund S. Zevely, praying that he may be al-
lowed extra compensation on his contract to fur-
nish the Post Ollice Department with markingand
rating stamps, orthat he may be relieved entnely
ft om the contract; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Post OiHees and Post Roads.
Mr. POMEROY presented a petition from
citizens of California, praying Congress to pass
House bill No. 560, to amend an act entitled An
act to grant the i ight ot preemption to certain pur-
chasers on the So&col Ranch m the State of Cali-
fornia;" which wasordeied to heon the table, the
bill having been reported by the Committee on
Public, Lands.
Mr. BUCKALEW presented the petition of
William P. Robinson, praying for an appropria-
tion to cover expenses mcuned by reason of the
wounding of his son, Lieutenant James S. Robin-
son, when m pursuitof desciiers,ofwliich wound
he died; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the petition of
officers of M ichigan regiments in the military ser-
vice of the United States, praying for an increase
of compensation; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr FOOT, leave was granted to
withdraw from the files of the Senate the papers
in the case of the late Asbury Dickins.
GENERAL OFFICERS.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent and agreed to:
Resolve'!, That the Adjutant G ennui be directed to ieport
for the infmination of the Senate a cGHOplete list of all the
major and brigadfljkr generals it* the volunteer forces of the
United States, and where and how said general officers
were employed on the Ht day of January, 1883.
OFFICERS OF REGULAR ARMY.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous son-
sent and agreed to: *
Resolved, That the Adjutant General hediiected to report
for the information of the Senate a complete list of alt the
ofiioers of the tegular Army Oftlio United states, and iiovv
and where said officers were employed on the 1st day of
January, 18Gj.
BILLS INTRODUCES.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.382)
to provide for the better organization of the pay
department of the Navy; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a jointresolution
(S. R. No. 90) to authorize and direct an inven-
tory of articles in the- arsenals of the United
Stated; which was read twice by its title, and le-
ferrcd to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
Mr. BUCKALEW asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
383) to repeal an existing provision of law for re-
cruiting in the rebel States; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. WILSON asked,and by unanimouscon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 385)
authorizing the Pi esident to appoint a Second As-
sistant Secretary of War; which was referred to
the Committee on M ihtary Affairs and the Militia.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Secretary,
announcing that the Piesident had approved and
signed the bill (S. No. 367) to repeal the provision
ol law requiring certain regents of the Smithsonian
Institution to be members of the National Insti-
tute.
UKPORTS OB1 COMMITTEES.
Mr. FOOT, fiom the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (EI.R. No.
572) for the relief of Sally C. Northup, asked to
be dischaiged from its further consideration; which
was agreed to.
He also,fiom the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 373) to aid in the
construction of a telegraph line from St. Cloud in
Minnesota to the British possessions,asked to be
discharged from its fuither consideration; which
was flgiced to.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred a petition of the rec*
tor, watdens, and vestrymen of Grace church,
Ripon, Wisconsin, praying that the duties upon
their church organ may be remitted, asked to be
discharged from its fuither consideration; which
was agi eed to.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred the
memorial of Edmund F. Brown, a notary public
and United States commissioner, of Washington
city, praying payment of a balance which he
alleges to bedue him for set vices rendered in tak-
ing the depositions of witnesses in the case of the
Great Falls Manufacturing Company against the
United States fur taking the water from the Great
Falls for the use of the Washington aqueduct,
asked to be discharged from its further considera-
tion, and that it be leferred to the Committee on
Chums; which was agreed to.
Mr. llARLAN,from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was r--feired the bill (i.1. II,
No. 404) to authorize a depaitute ftom the estab-
lished mode of surveying m certain cases, asked
to be discharged from Us fuither consideration;
which was agieed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
weie jefWred the bill (S. No. S3) to amend tin act
confirming ccit.un U nd claims in the State of
Michigan, and the bill ^S. No.287) granting lands
to aid iu the construction of a railroad and tele-
graph line from Lake Superior to Puget sound,
reported them without amendment and with a
recommendation that they be indefinitely post-
poned.
