184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
The VICE PRESIDENT. D$es the Senator
desire the question of postponement to be put at
the present time?
Mr. HARLAN. I think it would be as well
to clear the Calendar of those bills.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The question then
is on cone.nrring in the report of the committee
recommending the indefinite postponement of
these bills.
The report was concurred in.
DELAWARE VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, before the
adjournment for the holidays I offered a resolu-
tion, which was adopted, directing the Secretary
of War to inform the Senate in reference to the
authority under which he had called into the pub-
lic service volunteers for thirty and for twenty
days. He lias not replied to that resolution. [
hold, sir, that the Secretary of War and every
member of the Cabinet is subject to the order of
the American Senate. He has not replied, and
X now move you, sir, that he be again directed to
inform the Senate in reference to the matters in-
quired of by that resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator's mo-
tion will be in the nature of a resolution, which
lie will prepare and offer.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Very well, sir.
The resolution having been subspquently pre-
pared, was submitted by Mr. Saulsbury, as fol-
lows:
Remitted, Tli.it the Seerelary of War be directed to aiv
swer a resolution of the .Senate of Deeembei 5Q, J8G4 in
the following words : 7
" Resolved, That the Sccretaiy of War he directed to in-
form the Senate whether volunteers foi thirty day« nnd lor
one hundred days were called for by order of his Depart-
ment, at any time preceding tile last two diafr-, in the State
of Delmvaie, fiom that Suite, and if so, tor what [impose,
nnd under what authority of law; whether such volim-
teeis were promised as an inducement to volunteer ex-
emption £10111 said drafts; whether said volunteers were
exempted lrom .said dralts when thev voluntecied ; whether
they were kept within tile limits of said Slate; and whether
they were pioiuised, as a further inducement to volunteer,
that they should not he sent without I lie limits of said State,
or that they fehould not be employed in aetive seivice in the
field,".
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
ask for the present consideration of the resolu-
tion ?
Mr. SAULSBURY. Yes, sir.
Mr. CLARK, i think the resolution had bet-
ter lie over.
Air. SAULSBURY, Will the Senator allow
me to make a remark in this connection?
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. If the resolution
is objected to, it is not the subject-matter of de-
bate, but must go over under the rule.
FRANKLIN INSURANCE COMPANY.
Mr. DIXON. The Committee on the District
of Columbia, to whom was referred a memorial
of the Franklin Insurance Company of Wash-
ington, lmve directed me to report a bill, and I
ask that it be anted on at this time,as itisamat-
ter of some importance to the public.
The bill (S. No. 384) to amend an act entitled
"An act to amend and extend the charter of the
Franklin Insurance Company," approved the 2d
of March, 1833, was by unanimous consent read
three times, and passed. It proposes to extend
ami continue in force the act of 1838 for the pe-
riod of twenty years from the 9th of April, 1858,
the time at which the amended act expired, and
to legalize and make valid all proceedings had by
the company and all legal rights accrued or ac-
quired, and all legal obligations entered into by
the company between the 9th of April, 1858, and
the date of this act.
APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to report back the bill (H. R.
No. 598) making appropriations for the consular
and diplomatic expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 18G6, without
amendment, and also to report back the bill (Ii.
R. No. 620) to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the service of the fiscal year ending
the 30th of J une, 1865, with sundry amendments!
I move that these two appropriation bills be post-
poned until to-morrow, at one o'clock, after the
rooming hour, and be made the special order
The VICE PRESIDENT. They must first be
taken up by the Senate.
Mr, SHERMAN. I move that they be taken
up, so that they may be made the special order,
the consular and diplomatic appropriation bill
first.
Mr. GRIMES. Give notice that you will call
them up; that is enough.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio asks unanimous consent to take up at this
time the consular and diplomatic appropriation
bill just reported by him. The Chair hears no ob-
jection. The Senator now moves that it be post-
poned until to-morrow, at one o'clock, and be
made the special order for that hour.
The motion was agreed to, two thirds of the
Senators present concurring therein.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio also asks consent to proceed to the consid-
eration of the deficiency appropriation bill. The
Chair hears no objection. The Senator now
moves to postpone the bill until to-morrow, at one
o'clock, and make it the special order for that
hour.
The motion was agreed to by a two-thirds vote.
INSANE ASYLUM.
Mr. WILSON. The Committee on Military
A(Tairs ayd the Militia, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 644) to extend to certain persons
in the employ of the Government the benefits of
the Asylum for the Insane in the District of Co-
lumbia, have directed me to report it back with an
amendment. If there be no objection, as it is a
small matter, I should like to have it acted on at
this time.
By unanimous consent, the bill was considered
\n. Committee of the Whole. It provides that
civilians employed in the service of the United
States in the quartermaster's department and sub-
sistence department of the Army, who may be
or may hereafter become insane while in such em-
ployment, shall be admitted, on the order of the
Secretary of Warftho same as persons belonging
to the Army and Navy, to the benefits of the Asy-
lum for the Insane in the District of Columbia,
as provided in other cases by the fourth section
of the act to organize an institution for the insane
of the Army and Navy,and of the Distiict of Co-
lumbia in said District, approved March 3,1855.
I he amendment was in line three before the
word "civilians" to insert " during the continu-
ance of the lebeliion."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. It was or-
dered that the amendment be engrossed and the
bill read a third time; and the bill was read the
third time, and passed.
ALEXANDER J. ATOCIIA.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no unfin-
ished business of the morning hour; the business
of the morning hour has transpired; and there is
no special order for to-day.
Mr. l'OSTER. I move that the Senate resume
the consideration of Semite bill No. 281. It is
a private bill that was bctore the Senate some
time since, and was laid aside on the suggestion
of the honorable Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
CrrAwnrnR.] I have conversed with him on the
subject, and he authorized me to say that he had
examined the hill and he had no objection to its
passage.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate, as
Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (S. No. 281) for the relief of
Alexander J. Atoeha.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole was concurred in. The bill was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, was read the
third time, and passed.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPiierson, its Clcik, announced that
the Speaker of the House had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bill; which thereupon received the
signature of the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 597) making appropriations
for the payment of invalid and other pensions of
the United States for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1866.
COMMERCE AMONG THE STATES.
Mr. SHERMAN. One of the bills that I re-
ported to-d y is somewhat lengthy, and will not
be likely to excite discussion, and it is not neces-
sary to print it. If it is the pleasure of the Senate
theiefore, as there does not seem to be much busi-
ness before it, I move to reconsider my motion to
postpone the consular and diplomatic appropria-
tion bill, and ask that it be taken up and acted
upon now.
Mr. SUMNER. Before that is done, I wish
to make an explanation. 1 had expected to pro-
ceed this morning with the consideration of the
resolution reported by me from the Committee
on Foreign Relations to terminate the reciprocity
treaty; but an appeal has been made tome by
the Senator fiom Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] that it
may be put off until to-morrow, as he wishes to
be heard on the question. I have consented to
put it off with great reluctance, but from an in-
disposition to disoblige him I-wish that he should
have the opportunity of being heard upon it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will ask the indulgence
of the Senator from Ohio to take up a bill for the
purpose of making it a special oider before his
motion is put. It is House bill No. 307, which
was made the special order for Wednesday of last
week. The Senator from Maryland [Mr. John-
son] has informed me that he will be ready to go
on with the discussion of that bill next Monday.
I move, therefore, to take up the bill for the pur-
pose of making it the special order for Monday
next.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill (LI. R. No. 307)4o
regulate commerce among the several Slates; and
its fuither consideration was postponed to, and
made the special order of the day fur, Monday
next, at one o'clock, two thirds of the Senate
concurring therein.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio moves to reconsider the vote by which the
bill (U. R. No. 598) making appropriations for
the consular and diplomatic expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 30, 1866, was
postponed until to-morrow at one o'clock, and
made the special order for that hour.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator now
asks the unanimous consent of the Senate to con-
sider the bill at the present time.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill.
Mr. HALE. I move to postpone the further
consideration of the bill until next Friday; and 1
will state that there is a proposition to amend the
bill in an important respect that is now pending
before the Committee on Commerce. The Com-
mittee on Commerce have had it under consider-
ation, and, I am permitted to state, have addressed
the Secretary of State for his views upon it. If
the action of the Committee on Commerce is not
favorable to the proposition that I make, I shall
abandon it; if it is favorable, I hope the Senate
will nccede to it; and with that view I move that
the further consideration of this bill be postponed
until next Friday,
Mr/SHERMAN. As the Senator has men-
tioned the matter to me, I will state that I under-
stand the Committee on Commerce did act on his
proposition last year, thoroughly examined it,
and decided against it; and I do not think, under
the circumstances, that he ought to ask a post-
ponement of a general appropriation bill simply
to increase the salary of a single consul. I am
told by a Senator who served on that committee
that it was fully considered at the last session of
Congress and acted on and rejected. As the com-
position of the committee is precisely the same at
the present session, that probably will be the re-
sult of the present examination. These consular
salaries are all paid in gold; consequently, there
is no argument based on the depreciation of the
currency which would change the condition of
affairs in the present year from the last. Under
these circumstances 1 think we had better put the
bill on its passage.
Mr. HALE. Then I will make the motion and
suggest what is proper to be suggested in open
Senate upon it. The proposition that I make is
to increase the salary of the consul at Halifax,
Nova Scotia, to $4,000. I will move it now. I
think it should come in at the end of the sixty-
sixth line of the bill.
