1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
951
improvements upon the public lands, and left his
home for the time being, and somebody else en-
tered upon it, he could not recover possession of
-it for the reason that he had no title to it, just as
.the minors who leave for the time being their
mines may be dispossessed- We passed through
the Legislature of Illinois an act granting a pos-
sessory right, to enable the first settler to recover
the land. That act enabled the first settlers to do
another thing, which is a very important question
involved or hereafter to be involved in this mining
region: it enabled them where they sold their
claims, as they were then termed, upon the pub-
lic lands to recover the consideration, the money
agreed to be paid, or the value of the property.
In my judgment, the first legislation required from
Congiess in reference to this subject is to confer
a possessory right upon the first discoverer. Con-
fer that right upon him and he can take care of him-
self,and youwill give protection to theadventurers
who go out and discover your gold mines.
As regaids the proposition now before the Sen-
ate, 1 have only to say that, in my judgment, it
would not be wise to adopt the provisions made
by each settlement in that country as the law of
the land. You want uniformity in your Jaws.
If you adopt that you have got this other ques-
tion to decide: where they come in conflict, how
far the jurisdiction of one mining company ex-
tends, over what territory, and, when you have
decided that they have jurisdiction, which one
first adopted the laws in reference to this matter.
Jt seems to me you avoid all this difficulty by con-
ferring a possessory right upon the individual who
makes the discovery. I have not had my attention
directed to this matter for a long number of years;
but if I remember aright, we protected, in the State
of Illinois, so far as we could protect, the first set-
tler, and 1 imagine m all the western States, by the
Legislature passing actsgiving the firstsettler the
possessory right. There is a necessity, however,
]n this instance of passing it by Congiess, because
the States do not own the land; they have not the
fee simple, they have not the title; it is in the
General Government, and the law ought to be
uniform. It seems to me a simple proposition
by which you confer this right would secure all
that the Senators from the Pacific coast seek to
accomplish.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I find myself embarrassed
in decidrng how I ought to vote upo this ques-
tion. The proposition of the committee, that ap-
peals shall be allowed from the judgment of the
territorial court to the Supreme Court upon its
face .seems very right and proper, and I dislike
to vote against a proposition having such appa-
rent fairness and propriety; but, on the other hand,
there is some difficulty about it. It is very cer-
ium that the Government of the United States
has refused, by the policy which it has pursued
for a number of years, to give to the minera title
to the property which he is improving. At first,
this was not of very much importance, for the
miner sought the streams, and picked up what
gold he could; but that sort of mining has almost
passed away; and now to develop the mineral re-
sources of that great region requires the invest-
ment of large capita!. The quartz mining must
be prosecuted by the use of very expensive ma-
chinery. It is certainly the policy of the Gov-
ernment now that these mines shall not only be
developed as rapidly as they have m the past, but
that we shall encourage their development. The
States of Nevadaand California,as 1 understand,
as States recognize the usages of the miners as the
law governing the particular case that may come
before the courts.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator permit me
for a single instant to say a word on that point?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly.
Mr. CONNESS. There has been no local
legislation in those States on the subject; but the
courts from the beginning have adopted, and
finally it has become settled as the rule of decision
that the priority of possession in every case shall
determine the case, and those who acquire a right
from the prior possessor are in every such case,
by the courts, determined to be the owners of the
property. There is no decision there based upon
statute law, but a rule of decision, universal now
in its character, and recognized, and upon which
all these rights of property rest, has grown up
based upon the right of original discovery and
possession; and in the class of cases now pend-
ing and proposed to be continued in the Supreme
Court, from Nevada, the Supreme Court would
only deal with the record sent up to them, the
court below having determined the causes by those
rules of priority of possession. Therefore it-is
by the common law and the use of it by the courts
that those decisions have been arrived at, and it
is upon that basis that all our rights of property
rest. There has been no local legislation on the
subject.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I did not intend the Sen-
ate to understand mo as saying that therf* had
been local legislation, but I intended to say that
those States through their courts recognize the
usages of the miners.
Mr. CONNESS. They do.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I said a few minutes ago
that in the first instance it was not a very im-
portant question, for the occupancy of the miner
was not very permanent. A numberof men found
themselves in a particular neighborhood; they
could acquire no title to any portion of the min-
eral lands; and so as a necessity of their condi-
tion they adopted certain usages. They agreed
among themselves ho w much of the mineral lands
should be occupied by each other; what should
be the evidence of that occupancy; if a man were
absent for a day or week from the particular spot
of earth in which he was digging for gold, what
evidence he should leave behind him that he was
the occupant of that particular spot; and the courts,
to some extent of necessity, recognizing these
usages of the miners. Are Senators prepared to
say in the absence of legislation by Congress that
these usages agreed upon among the miners were
not proper to be adopted, and that there was not
some show of reason, to say the least of it, on
the part of the courts in recognizing those usages
as governing the men themselves ?
Now, sir, when the mining operations have
come to the point wheie to develop the mines re-
quires the useof large capital this becomes a vei y
grave question,and as I have said,before the courts
of the States these usages are recognized, and as
between the men engaged in mining the posses-
sion of the miner is ins right. Has not the Gov-
ernment of the United States to some extent rec-
ognized this? Certainly we have all desired the
development of the mines, but we have icfused
to make a title to the mineis. I am not piepared
to say that any plan of conferring title which has
been proposed has been satisfactory tome. It is
a very difficult question. The land that shall be
given to any one man for purposes of mining
ought to be very limited. How much will you
give him, and upon what terms, and upon what
payments? We are not prepared to decide this
question; but the miner, under the policy of the
United States, which allows him to go upon the
public land, and has never treated him as u tics-
passer, adopts for himself the laws which the
necessities of his condition require, and the State
courts recognize them; and I understand the ter-
ritorial courts have recognized them, and from
that decision an appeal is now sought to the Su-
preme Court of the United States. What will
be the decision of the Supreme Court? I appre-
hend there is no question about it; the Supreme
Court will say that to maintain an action of eject-
ment a man must rely upon the stiength of his
own title, and not upon the weakness of his op-
ponent's. What will bo the effect of that? The
effect will be not to decide according to the usages
of the miners, and give the right to a mine to the
man who developed it, and who has been driven
from it; but their decision will be that neither
party has a title, that the United States own the
land, that so far as the United States are con-
cerned both parties are trespassers, and neither
can maintain an action of ejectment. Ought we
to say to these miners that they are trespassers?
In view of the policy of the United States they
are not trespassers. A man who goes on the
agricultural lands of the United States is treated
by the Government as a trespasser if he goes in
any other character than as a preemptor. If he
goes upon the public lands of the United States
to cut down the timber upon the pme lands, it is
the policy of the Government to arrest him and
to punish him for the offense; but it is not the
policy of the Government to punish as a tres-
passer a ?uan who goes upon the mineral lands
with a view to their development. We encourage
it, we say he is not a trespasser by the policy we
have adopted'; and although lam very reluctant to
vote against the proposition of the committee, I
think there are such high considerations of policy
touching the development of the mines as will
justify me in voting not to give n appeal. The
law left them there. The parties in right may
not demand an appeal. Whether a man may
take a case from one court to another depends
entirely upon the law; there is no natural right
about it. We do not allow an appeal to the Su- *
premo Court in all cases; it depends upon the
amount in controversy in many instances; so
that it is not a matter of right that a man shall
go to the Supreme Court. It is a matter merely
of law. He has not the right, then, under the
law; and as a question of policy, ought we to
give an appeal to the Supreme Court when that
will break up a system that the miners found it
nece&saiy to adopt under the policy of the Gov-
ernment?
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, lllonotknow
in what way my friend from Indiana has found
out that these cases in the Supreme Court affect
mining privileges and should be decided alone by
the usages of mining. For all that I know these
cases involve the title to lands, and if so it is but
just and right that thereshould beanappeal. But
I rose principally for the purpose of saying that
these cases, as 1 understand it, that are pending
in the Supieme Court, arc now before that court
upon a motion to dismiss them merely, on the
ground that the Territory has been made a State
since the appeals wore taken. If that motion be
rejected the cases will not come up for hearing
until the latter part of the next term. They are
beyond No. 300, and the court is nowatNo. 125,
so that it is impossible thattheycan be heard un-
til Congress shall have been in session at least two
or three months of the next term. *
Mr. FOSTER. The Senator will allow me to
say that there is but one mining case in the list.
Mr. JOHNSON. I did not know there was
any.
Mr. CONNESS. One is sufficient, because the
rule of decision adopted in one will apply to all.
Mr. JOHNSON. Unless we legislate.
Mr. FOSTER. I referred to it only to show
that none of the cases would be reached for more
than a year. N
Mr. STEWAIIT. I will correct the gentle-
man. The amendmentof the cornmitteealso pro-
vides for bringing up all the cases disposed of in
the Inst five years.
Mr. FOSTER But they cannot be reached
for three years to come. I mention it to show
that there will be ample lime for legislation.
Mr. JOHNSON. What 1 meant to say was
that if it be advisableto legislate upon the subject
of mining titles, and I think it is, we shall have
ample time to do it. There is no necessity, there-
fore, now to do in just if* in all the rases in the
Supreme Court of the United States, for I under-
stand there is now but one that involves a mining
title. The cases entered in that court are num-
bered 300, 325 and 327. and, as J said just now,
they cannot be argued before March of next year,
and m the mean time we can devise a system which
will protect the mining titles,and place them upon
the footing on which, as I think, they ought to
stand.
Mr. CONNESS. The suggestion of the Sena-
tor from Maryland in this case I think is not a
wise one, if he will permit me to say so. He
says that because the cases now in court will not
be reached, and consequently will not be deter-
mined for n long time, it is unnecessary now to
legislate upon the subject, for the reason that in
the interim we may adopt and may be compelled
to adopt some wise law, the wisest we can devise,
which shall regulate the possession and owner-
ship of the mines. This is hist suggestion as 1
understand it. Now, let rne call the attention of
the honorable Senator and of the Senate to this
point. Suppose that at the next session of Con-
gress, which will be along one, we begin to devise
a system accoi ding to which citizens of the United
Stales may obtain title to mining lands of the
United States, i apprehend that any &>y& tem we
shall devise must necessarily transfer tho title in
fee from the Government to the citizen. 11 is true
we may adopt a system of leasehold, but I hardly
think we shall enter upon that. Then suppose
we shall devise a wise law by which citizens of
the United States may go upon the mining lands
