186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
this commissioner went or was sent, and we are
now asked to pay him.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Ohio if it was not the express
understanding that no compensation or expenses
were to be allowed by Congress when this ap-
pointment was mode and accepted.
Mr. SHERMAN, i know of no such under-
standing, I do not know anything about how
that may have been. I know that Congress re-
fused to appropriate money for this purpose, and
notwithstanding that refusal, Mr. Wright didgo
and rendered this service. Whether he had any
understanding with the executive department is
more than I can tell.
Mr. RICHARDSON. My recollection is that
the debate indicated clearly that no compensation
was to be allowed. This gentleman, however
distinguished he may have been, or whatever
service he may have performed, did so wit.li a full
knowledge of the express as well as the implied
understanding that there should be no compensa-
tion allowed from the Treasury.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
who appointed Governor Wright, whether he
really received any appointment, or whether he
went voluntarily; whether it is anything more
than voluntary service rendered by a distinguished
citizen of the country now coming in and claim-
ing pay for it by the Government of the United
States, when the Government, on consideration
of the subject, refused to appropriate money for
that purpose.
Mr. COLLAMER. I understand that the
President requested him to go there.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can inform the Senator
from Illinois, if he desires information, that Mr.
Wright was undoubtedly appointed by the Pres-
ident or requested by the President to go, and the
President has sent a message to Congress asking
us to pay this money. There ia-no doubt about
this; the message can be readily referred to. In-
deed, quite a report on the subject was made to
Congress by Mr. Wright, and the President has
submitted to Congress the propriety of paying
him for iiis services, at the same time commend-
ing very highly the services tendered, lie went
by virtue of an appointment from the President,
per hops in a Government vessel, though ns to
that I am not advised. At any rate, he went on
the express appointment of the President in the
ordinary form.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Ohio be kind enough to refer me to the provision
of law under which he was appointed ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Ah!
Mr. SUMNER. I can make an explanation.
I should not have said anything on this question
if the yeas and nays had not been ordered. I
have a great respect for Governor Wright, and I
do not doubt that he rendered excellent service to
the cause which he represented at this agricultural
exhibition. llis report on the subject is an im-
portant document; 1 have read it with great in-
terest and instruction; but I cannot forget, sir,
that when lie went there, so faras I am informed,
he went as a private citizen, without any national
appointment, ft is within my recollection that
I reported from the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions a resolution appropriating** certain sum for
this very purpose. My resolution was voted
down. At a later day in the session 1 brought it
forward in another form on an appropriation bill.
There again it was voted down, and my impression
is that 1 brought itforward still a second time on an
appropriation bill, so that the Senate acted upon
it once, twice, if not three times. 1 was sorry
at the time that I was unable to convince the Sen-
ate of the expediency of the appropt latiun, but I
am obliged to recognize the fact that no such
appropriation was made. When 1 saw by the
papers afterward that Governor Wright had em-
baiked on this mission I regarded it as a purely
private enterprise to which 1 supposed he was
encouraged by some of^the agricultural societies j
of the country, and if anything was to be paid I I
supposed it was to be paid by them. These are I
the facts, and on th*se facts  j
Mr. COLLAMER. The l^iesldent appointed ;
him. j
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Vermont :
reminds me of a further fact, that the President
appointed him; but appointed him to what, and
in pursuance of what authority? The President
can only act,l suppose, according to law. i have
already shown that there was no law applicable
to this matter. The appointment was not diplo-
matic or consular. If either one or the other,
then of course it would have been provided for in
one of our appropriation bills, and the President
would have been authorized to fill the place; but
being neither consular nor diplomatic, I do not
see thfft the President had any more authority to
send an agent there than any member of this body,
or than any private association. In one word,
whatever was done was a private transaction, not
in any respect involving the Government, and I
do not think that we are now responsible.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, the factstated
by several Senators that the Senate heretofore re-
fused to make an appropriation for this purpose,
it seems to me ought not to conclude the subject.
Before services were rendeied the Senate refused
to pay for those services. The services have since
been rendered; and, as is admitted by the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance, the services
were valuable to the country. Now, sir, the ser-
vices having been rendered, and having been val-
uable, so admitted by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance, and by other Senators who
have spoken, it seems to me eminently just that
we should pay for them.
It is a trivial matter; it was supposed to be for
the advantage of the agricultural and mechanical
interests of the country that our products should
be fairly represented at the Woild's Fair; and
the President, as I think with great propriety,
sent a gentleman eminently qualified for this posi-
tion to represent our interests at Hamburg, from
which our artisans and agnculturistshave derived
great credit, and will doubtless ultimately reap
great profit. Now, when it proposed that this
agent of the Government, sent by the President,
shall receive the.expcnses incurred by him on this
mission, it is opposed by the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
if it were a proposition to increase the appro-
priations for building light-houses, or for com-
muting dues claimed in Europe imposing slight
burdens on commerce, I doubt not it would re-
ceive his support; but being a simple matter for
the advantage of agriculture lie can see no merit
in it, he can see no advantage to be derived fioin
it, and no justice in defraying the expenses from
the public Treasury. 1 confess I feel a little aston-
ished at the Senator. We are appropriating hun-
dreds of thousands of dollais to build light-houses,
for whom? For the advantage of commerce. We
are appropriating large sums of money at his
suggestion to remove burdens on commerce in
Europe, for which the commercial interests alone
ought to be made responsible, as I think. And
when it is asked that an agent sent to Europe to
repp-sent the agricultural interests shall be paid
his expenses, the Senator rises in his seat very
gravely and says that he supposes the agricul-
tural societies of the country oughr to pay the
bill! I submit that the merchants of the country
ought to build the light-houses, and ought to pay
the expenses of the improvements of harbors and
"the cost of commuting dues assessed on our com-
merce abroad, if equal justice is to be meted out
and his* views on this subject aie to be indorsed
by the Senate.
Technically I know this gentleman has no claim
on the Government. If it had been authorized
by law and an appropriation had been made in
advance, there would have been no necessity for
the adoption of this amendment. It is because
there was no appropriation made heretofore that
I now offer this amendment to meet the exigency
which has aiisen. We have sent a man abroad
to represent the great agricultui al and mechanical
puisuits of this countiyat a World's Fair; he
went with a commission issued by the Piesident
of the United States; he was recognized there as
theropresentativeofthis nation m thatconvention,
and, as we are told by Senators here, ho discharged
the duties incumbent on him with ability, and our
agricultural and mechanical inteiesfs have derived
great credit from his services, and it is now pro-
posed by the Committee on Agriculture that we
shall meet his expenses. This is the w hole case,
and I confess 1 feel some astonishment that it
should meet with opposition on this floor.
Mr. CONNESS. I agree entirely in what has
been said by the honorable Senator from Iowa,
except perhaps in the sharpness of his strictures
toward the honorable chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Relations, although I must say that
I think they were deserved, too; but the Sena tor
from Iowa 1ms manifested more courage in apply-
ing them than I could have if I had been in his
place.
I believe that this appropriation should be made.
Withoutdetailing what transpired in the Commit-
tee on Finance where the case was heard, 1 un-
dertake to say that a similar statement made here
to that which was made there, would secure the
appropriation without any considerable opposi-
tion. I will state m addition to what has been
said by the honorable Senator from Iowa that one
of the results of this mission was the establish-
ment there, where the commissioner went, of
an institution for the collection and pieservatiou
of articles of American mechanical production.
That institution has been established by thoGei-
mans, to be maintained and conducted by th«tn,
in which articles of American manufacture in the
mechanic arts are to be preserved and exhibited
% rough all time.
The point made by the Senator from Iowa
aeems to me to have great force in it. If the ap-
propriation had been made by law in advance,
puisuant to which this commissioner was ap-
pointed and sent abroad, of course no question
would remain to be determined. I do not feel like
raising a question as to the power of the Presi-
dent to send this commissioner ihrie. I believe
that it was an eminently judicious act; I believe
that the selection was well made; and I believe
that the compensation now proposed to be paid
is inconsiderable compared with the advantages
realized to the country, and I hope that the ap-
propriation will be made. 1 may say, however,
that I am still m favor of light-houses bi nig built
by the Government, and dues commuted, and mo
on. 1 believe that the Governmentcannot do too
much m those directions.
Mr.SUMNER. Mr. Piesident, I am unwill-
ing even for one moment to be left in the position
m which my honorable fiiend from Iowa seems
disposed to leave me. Pie holds me upas stand-
ing in the way of an appropriation for the hem-fit
of agriculture, and reminds the Senate that 1 am
assiduous in favor of appiopilauons for light-
houses. I am ready to follow the Senator in any
appropriation which he will show to be legitimate
in favor of agriculture. Was I not the oiigmal
author of the very proposition lie now seeks to
sustain? I reported it from the committee which
I represent on this floor; I urged its passage
once, twice,and I think even three times. I was
voted down; the Senate was against making any
such appropriation, and I submitted. The law
then did not sanction the appropriation, and of
course, therefore, it did not sanction any appoint-
ment with a view to compensation.
I do not say that the Piesident may not desig-
nate an eminent citizen to go abroad and vn&it
agricultural exhibitions. He may, and s<> may
any Senator on this floor, designate an eminent
citizen, and ask him to go abroad, but it is a pri-
vate designation; it is not sustained by Jaw; and
1 am at a loss how my honoiable fiiend from
Iowa, who is usually so economical, and always
so tlear-sighted, can justify at this moment an
appiopriatiori which has not for its basis any
ouginal sanction of law. if this question had
not been carefully consideted by the Senate on
former occasions and m advance, if they had nut
decided against the appropi iation, I should ft el
that possibly there was a certain opening for my
excellent fnend; but as the whole question was,
on a former occasion,amply consideted and voted
upon, I do not see what opening there is now for
asking the Senate to make an appropi iation which
it originally refused to sanction.
Mr. COLLAMER. I fancy that very few
weeks pass over the Senate in which we do not
make grants to pay money which the law has not
j before authouzed. Almost every private claim
t which comes before us arises from something
which has been done for which there was no le-
gal provision. Frequently a man having done
public service cannot get his pay because there is
no appropriation to meet it, and that js the gen-
eral character of a large class of pnvate claims.
if we were to insist on the principle and doc-
