188
THE
 4—
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
always indorse the positions taken by the Sen-
ator from Connecticut, and nearly always concur
with him in his conclusions when he carefully con-
siders a subject, for once, however, I think his
logic is at fault; and if he votes against this amend-
ment, it will be on a pure question of etiquette be-
tween him and the President of the United States.
I will take his own case toillustrate what I mean.
He says, suppose the President had proposed
that a light-house should be built; Congress con-
siders the subject, and refuses to make an appro-
priation to build it; and, I will add, afterwards
commercial gentlemen unite and construct it, and
it serves an excellent purpose; that guided by its
friendly light, weather-worn mariners on the high
seas make the port safely from month to month,
and from year to year; it renders life and prop-
erty on a dangerous coast more secure; it ihiis di-
minishes the cost of the international exchange of
commodities, and proves to be of public utility;
not advantageous alone to the liberal gentlemen
who advanced the means in the beginning, but
advantageous to the whole country,to the great
commercial interests of the nation, and, indirect-
ly, to all collateral interests, agriculture included.
Suppose that a proposition is then made to return
to these gentlemen the money they advanced to
erect that light, would the Senator fiom Connec-
ticut oppose it? Would he then say to the New
England merchant, originally, when this enter-
prise was proposed, deeming that it would he
worthless, I voted against it? The experiment
has been made,and it proves to be of vastadvant-
sge to this great interest, and to the nation at
large, but as I opposed it in the beginning, in the
belief that it would be worthless, because 1 dif-
fered with the President and though experience
has shown that the President was right and that
I was wrong, I will adhere to the etror.
Thatis substantially the case before the Senate.
The President recommended that an appropria-
tion be made to defray the expenses of a com-
missioner to this World's Fair. The subject was
considered, and the appropriation was refused.
Why refused ? I must suppose not on account
of obstinate opposition to the President, not be-
cause the President recommended it, but because
the Senate supposed that it would be useless, that
it would be worthless, or that the service would
not be of sufficient advantage to the nation at large
to justify the cost.
Mr. FOSTER. If the honorable Senatorwill
pardon me a moment, I believe no one at thctime
urged that the service was not desirable, and might
not, and probably would not, be valuable, but
because of the condition of the country. The
necessary daily expenses were so great that the
expenditure of any sum which could possibly be
avoided, although for a valuable purpose, ought to
be. The same reason exists, of course, now.
Mr. HARLAN. Very well. If I understand
the Senator, he now abandons Ilia original posi-
tion, and puts it on the ground of ability on the
part of the Government to meet the expenses.
Mr. FOSTER. That was the ground oil which
it was put originally.
Mr. HAIILAN. Wo are engaged in war; the
expenses from day to day arc very large; ami we
are unable to meet this small liability ! I do not
agree with the Senator in this. - The nation is able
to pay it. But I will return.
'ihc President suggested that an appropriation
should be made. The Senate refused it at the
time. The services had not been rendered, and,
asl was about suggesting, in the opinion of those
who voted against it the services probably would
not be valuable, or, if so, would be valuable only
to a special interest, not of sufficient national im-
portance tojustify theappropnation,a d therefore
it wasatthe time refused. But the President, as I
suppose, stated to this gentleman," I will commis-
sion you to go abroad to represent the nation in this
World's Fair; no appropriation has been made;
you will have to go at yourown expense; you will
have to use yourown means; if an appropriation
shall hereafter be made by Congress, all well; and
if not you will have to pocket the loss." The
representative accepted the commission, defrays
his own expenses,fulfills the mission, and all ad-
mit itresultcd in securinggreatcredit to American
artisans and agriculturists, and in securing vast
immediate and prospective pecuniary profit to
these gieat interests. The Senate was jmstofcen,
the Senate was wrong, and the President was right.
This is admitted all around. The recommenda-
tion of the President ought to have been adopted
in the outset; but because we did not then believe
he was right, and honestl^thought that he was
wrong, we will'adhere to the error, confessing it to
have been an error. We will not now admit that
we erred by our votes, although all admit it in
their speeches. The President believed this to be
of national interest, of national importance, and
commissioned this gentleman, ulthougfy without
pay; Congress believing at the time that it was not
of national consequence, refused to provide means
to defray the necessary expenses. In doing this
the President violated no law and imposed on the
country no legal liability to pay a dollar. And no
one pretends that such legal liability exists. Con-
gress may now assume it or not, ns it chooses.
Believing that the mission has resulted in conse-
quences ofvastpeeuniary advantage to the nation,
the Committee on Agriculture believe that the
nation should pay the necessary expenses incurred
by the commissioner.
The Senator from Massachusetts, however, at-
tempted to evade the allusion I made to him by
saying thathe originally was in favor of this prop-
osition, that he introduced it and voted for it.
Then I beg to know why he abandons it now?
Why should he commit an infanticide, why de-
stroy his own offspring? He supported it when
it emanated from himself; why should he op-
pose it when it emanates from a more humble
source? Is it because of the present origin of the
measure? As it seems to me, there is no better
reason for his reverse of position. lie supported
it onginally because he believed it was right; he
now admits that it was right; that the nation has
derived great advantage from it; that we have re-
ceived a full equivalent and more too, a hundred
times over, for all that wc propose to appropriate;
but because the Senate refused to approve it then
when he proposed it, now he will oppose it when
it emanates from a different source. I submit to
him that this is his true logical position. If the
measure was right when proposed by him, it is
right when proposed by the Committee on Agri-
culture, and if lie will be consistent with himself
he must vote for the proposition now which he
sustained then.
Mr. DAVIS; I range myself on this particu-
lar question with the honoiablc chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations. The Senate
will do me the justice to say that I do nor do it
from any sympathy with him. [Laughter.] The
very consideration that induces the Senator from
Wisconsin to sustain the measure is the identical
one upon which I oppose it.
I was on the Committee on Foreign Relations
when this measure was recommended to the adop-
tion of the committee by the sanction of the
President of the United States, and upon the spe-
cial letter written by the diplomatic agent from
the country in which the Fair was about to bo held.
I thought that the agency ought to be established,
and that the agent should be sent. I sustained
the proposition m committee and I voted for it in
the Senate; and I well recolicct the persistence
and ability with which the honorable chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Relations repeatedly
urged it in the Senate. It was voted down upon
the considerations suggested by the Senator from
Connecticut. I thought the considerations were
too small to intcrfeie with the sending of such an
agent, and having such a representative as this
country should have in a Fair to be hcld*in Ger-
many; but the Senate thought otherwise. They
expressly and pointedly rSfused to make the ap-
propriation. That was their deliberate judgment
and action; and after they had taken that posi-
tion, the President, in defiance of that position of
the Senate, and in defiance of its purpose not to
incur the expenses of such an agency as this,
nevertheless persisted in appointing the agent.
My friend from Wisconsin says that if a da-
guerreotype likeness had been sent by the Presi-
dent to that fair he would have voted for the
appropriation. I so understood him; I may be
mistaken.
Mr. HOWE. Not of himself, but of the god-
dess of liberty.
Mr. DAVIS. Idid notsay of himself. I would
rather have the likeness of the goddess of lib-
erty than the President's. It would be much more
comely and attiactive, that is certain. [Laughter.]
But the very reason that prompts the Senator
from. Wisconsin to give this appropriation his
support induces me to go against it. I never
would, atany time, under any Administration, or
under the sanction of any Presidentthat ever pre-
sided over the Government of this country, vote
for an appropriation to a matter to which the
Senate had withheld its approbation when the
President in defiance, of that approbation, and
upon his will sought to carry it out. I do not do
this for the intrinsic importance of this small
affair; very far from it. I was an earnest advo-
cate of the appropriation at the time that it was
proposed, and I regretted its failure; but this is a
precedent of infinitely more evil than any good
resulting from the agency, or all the results of our
representation in that fair. Weall know that pre-
cedent bccomcs law; that precedent becomes an
institution; that precedent changes law; that pre-
cedent changes constitutional provision; that pre-
cedent subverts the fundamental principles of
government itself, and it is just such precedent as
this promises to be, and as it is. The executive
branch of the Government in its head and in its
heads of Departments has ad libitum upon its own
pleasure created from time to time offices accord-
ing to its own judgment or caprice or puipose to
coi i upt, and in addition to that it has attached to
and given such pay and salaries to those officers
j*s it pleased, by its own authority, in defiance of
the legislative will of Congress, and in defiance
of the limitations imposed upon cxecutivc power
and discretion by the Constitution.
It is not only in this matter, but thousands of
other matters, that this President has contemned
and trampled upon the authority of Congiess to
create offices and to establish the pay and salary
for those offices, and has also trampled upon the
restrictions and prohibitions of the Constitution
that prevented him and his department from cre-
ating offices and fixing their pay and salaries.
All these matters and principles pertain to the
legislative department of the Government, and
they ought to be strictly maintained and defended
by that department as a part of its own exclusive
legislative power under the Constitution. YV hen-
cver the President in this matter or any other im-
pinges on this principle, and the peculiar and
distinctive province and pieiogative of Congress,
it is, in my judgment, much more important to
rebuke him and to put down the President than
to secure any temporary good which the object
to which he had thus abused his power might lead.
Mr. President, I may make these remarks for
another consideration. This agent is an old friend
of mme, I have a very high personal regard for
him. I would regret if he should lose anything
personally; but I know that my opposition to the
measure will not prejudice him or it, but will
rather have an effect, if it has any effect whatever,
to help along its passage. I shall be very much
disappointed if the Senate does not pocket the
usurpation of power which the President has
practiced upon the present occasion, and if it
should have the independence, now to rebuke and
repudiate that President and that usurpation of
power.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, if I were
to consult my personal feelings alone, I should
vote for this proposition. However much I may
disagree with the political principles or position
of Mr. Wright, of Indiana, my personal inter-
course with him was always of the most agree-
able and friendly character. I found him a kind-
hearted gentleman, agreeable to all his associates.
If this was a mere appropriation to him, and I
had the authority to vote it, I certainly would
vote for it, because f know of no man in the op-
position ranks in this country whom I would
more cheerfully vote to pay than 1 would Mr.
Wright. But I think the honorable Senator from
Kentucky has placed this question upon its true
grounds, and I shall be governed by the argument
which he has made. 1 am compelled, therefore,
to vote against an allowance to a friend whom I
esteem, simply because I have not the power or
authority to vote in his favor.
Mr. POMEROY. I should not have said any-
thingbut for the yeas and nays being called, and
I now merely desire to sttite that I shall vote
against this allowance with a great deal of reluc-
tance. I shall do it principally because this ar-
rangement was entered into with the understand-
ing that there was to be nothing paid. We had
a lull discussion of this matter here, and reasons
