1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
were urged for and against the measure by several
Senators, in which I took at least a vuiy small
part, i say this arrangement was entered into
with the understanding, as I think, that if this ser-
vice was rendered there should be no appropria-
tion by the Government, and I do not think we
should come in at this late day and seek an ap-
propriation when it was decided by three succes-
sive votes that there would be no appropriation
made. I shall vote against it simply because I
believe that that was the understanding, that was
the sentiment disclosed by the votes of Congress,
if they have any instruction at all; and that cer-
tainly was their vote.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 8, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Collamer, Conness, Foot, Ilailan, Ilovve,
Lane ol Indiana, llam-ey, anil Riddle—8.
NAY^—Messrs. Amhonv, Diown, Buckaleiv, Carlile,
Clrulc, Davis Dixon, Farwell, Foster, Hale, Henderson,
Morgan, Pomeioy, Richardson, SauMuny, Sherman,
Spracue, Sumner, Ton Eyck, and Wilson—20.
AllriCNT—Chandler, Cowan. L)o UttIc,Giimo*,
Ilatdui<!, Harii^, Heuducks, Howard, Johnson,
Lane of Kansas MeDou«all, Momli, N<*mitli, Fowetl,
Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade, Wilkinson, Wxlioy, and
Wright—01.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MORGAN. I desire to offer an amend-
ment from the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia to come m at the end of the bill:
For a qold medal to Cornelius Vandeilntt, pursuant to the
joint resolution approved January 28, 1864, £3,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in, and or-
dered to be engrossed; and it was ordered that the
bill be read a third time. It was read the third
time, and passed.
NAVAL ACADEMY.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate the annual report of the boaid of visitors to
the Navnl Academy for 3864.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that it be referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and that the
usual number of copies be printed for the use of
the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so re-
ferred. Under the rule the motion to print goes
to the Committee on Printing. The report is not
from a Depaitmcnt.
Mr. GRIMES. It is the report of the hoard of
visitors to the Naval Academy, which ought prop-
erly to have accompanied the annual report of the
Secretary of .the Navy.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection the older to punt will" be made. The
Chair heats no objection.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to say iri connection
with what I have said that the icason why it did
not accompany that report was because it had not
been received at the time the annual report was
made to the Senate.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business,
and, after some time spent tlunem, the doots weie
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 10, 1865.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. T. R. Howlett.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MILITARY ARRESTS.
Mr. KERNAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; winch was read,
consideicd, and agieed to:
Raoh'cd, That the Committee on Military AfT.iiK be, and
the <<une i-, direet"d to inquiie and repott to the Hou>e
what legi-latiou or action, n auy. i-> neee^ary to >-eoure to
pcrvai^ .united ami ii!ipri-.'>ned by nulilaiy authority a
p.niupt examination into the enu.-it: of their ane.st, and
their dischai<,rc if" there bo no adequate can~e f°r de-
'tenlion, and a ^peed> tnal wheie thete is such cause.
GUNBOAT FOR LIBERIA.
Mr. SPALDING asked unanimous consent to
take fiom the Speaker's table, for the purpose
of action thereon, a bill (S.No.35G) to authorize
the Piesiderit of the United States to transfer a
gunboat to (lie Government of Liberia.
Mr. COX objected.
" TV. J. HARDING.
Mr. BRANDEGEE, by unanimous consent,
intioduced a bill for the relief of W. J. Harding,
of Virginia; which was read a first and second f
time, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
ESTABLISHMENT OF STEAM WHISTLES.
Mr. PIKE, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following resolution; which was read,- con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tile Naval Committee be requested to
niijnire into the expediency of establishing steam whistles
at Cape Elizabeth, Matinicus ltoek, Quoddy Head, for the
benelitoi the navat and met eantile shipping of tlie country.
MESSAGE FKOM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by Mr.
FIickey, its Chief Clerk, notifying the House
that that body had passed House bill No. 644,
to extend to certain persons in the employ of the
Government the benefits of the Asylum for the
Insane in the District of Columbia, with an amend-
ment,and bills and ajoint resolution ofthe follow-
ing titles, in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House:
An act (S. No. 281) for the relief of Alexander
J. Atocha;
An act (S. No. 384) to amend an act entitled
" An act to establish and extend the charier of
the Franklin Insurance Company,"approved 2d
Maich, 1S38; and ,
A joint resolution (S. No. 82) to encourage
enlistments and to promote the efficiency of the
military forces of the United States.
SUI'KKINTHNDENT OF INSANE ASYLUM.
Mr. ALLEY, by unanimous consent, sub-
muted the following resolution; which was read,
consideicd, and agreed to:
Resolve,', That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
Milicted toimplne intothe expedieiu \ of pi ovidinii bylaw
that the Mipei nitemU uto! lile Lns.tne As_\ I tun in I he District
of Columbia lie appointed by the t'lesidelit, with tiic advice
and consent ol the Senate.
ATTACK ON TUB CIIEYENNES.
Mr. OIlTtI, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the committee on the conductor the war
be ie<jtK"-letl to inquiie into and jepoit all the facts con-
nected with the late attack ot the thud io«imcnt ol Colo-
iado veliintceitinder Colonel Chevmittoii, on a village of
the CheuMine tube of Indian.-, neai Fott Lyon.
GUNBOAT FOR LIBERIA -AGAIN.
Mr. COX. I would say to my colleague, [Mr.
Spai.dixg,] who asked to take fiom the Speaker's
table the bill to give, a gunboat to Liberia, that I
will withdraw my objection provided he will al-
low me to make one little amendment, to strike
out " Liberia" and inseit " Peru."
Mr. .1. C. ALLEN. I object.
Mr. WAS1XBURNE, of'Illinois. I demand
the regular older of business.
ABOLITION OF SLAVERY.
The SPEAKER. The next business in order
is the consideiation of the. business in which the
House was engaged at the adjournment yester-
day, being the motion to reconsider the vote by
which tlieHouseon the ]5th of last June rejected
a joint lesolution (S. No. 10) submitting to the
Legislatures of the several Stales a proposition to
amend the Constitution of the Uniied States, on
which the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Kasson] is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. KASSON. Mr. Speaker, when this ques-
tion was up at the last session of Congress I had
no opportunity, from certain causes then existing,
to ask the attention of the House to the views
which I entertain upon the only two questions
which, in my judgment, are involved in its con-
sideration. These are its constitutionality and
its policy. Nor had I intended until yesterday to
ask the attention of the House even to these two
questions; but when the distinguished gentleman
fiom the Louisville district of Kentucky [Mr*
Mai.lory] rose in his place and called the atten-
tion of his side of the House to certain questions
which, in my judgment, arc outside of the main
questions at issue, 1 thought it my duty, as it
certainly is my pleasure, to ask^the attention of
the House to the propriety of such appeals. It
seemed to me that with some emphasis and with
somewhat of the air of leadership of his colleagues
upon that side of the House, the gentleman from
Kentucky demanded to know of them if there
were new lights, and, with still further emphasis,
if there were new " influences" brought to bear
upon them since the question was considered at
the last session, that should change the vote of any
member who then voted against this proposition.
1 wish for myself to answer that there have been
new lights and new influences brought to bear
upon its consideration,and that gentleman I think
is entitled to the commiseration of his associates
if he has been unable to recognize these lights
and these influences.
Why, sir, this question was propounded to the
people of this country by the convention of Union
men which met at Baltimore in June of last year;
they challenged the people of this entire nation
to its consideration by declaring that the best in-
terests of the country required that this amend-
ment should beadopted. And when the conven-
tion with which that gentleman was allied met
subsequently in the city of Chicago about the 1st
of September, they did not dare to take up the
issue thus presented by a counter-statement to the
Democracy of this country. They failed to meet
the issue and to rally their adherents upon that
basis. And I contend, sir, as a man raised and
trained in the Democratic faith, that there is not
one authentic doctrine of that party to which its
most devoted adherent in this House should give
his attention to-day as preventing the free and
philosophic and calm exercise of his judgment
in respect to the propriety of supporting this
amendment. If the Democratic party desired to
pledge gentlemen upon the otherside ofthe House
to opposition to it, I ask them why they did not
in that convention rally the Democracy upon that
basis, and tell them that it was a ladical change,
and that it was unconstitutional, as has now been
claimed by some members upon the other side of
the House. I affirm that there is no doctrine of
the Democratic parly that is against the proposi-
tion offered here for the action of this House to-
day. On the contrary, I affirm that there is abun-
dant testimony from the Democratic fathers of this
country to the propriety of considering a ques-
tion of this kind, and sustaining it as a matter of
just statesmanship in this nation.
Mr. MALLORY. I would inquire ofmy friend
from Iowa [Mr. Kasson] if he is not aware that
in every amendment that has heretofore been
made to the Constitution of the United States the
effort and the effect has not been to increase the
powers of the States and diminish the powers of
the General Government.
Mr. KASSON. I will answer that question
very soon in the course of my aigument.
Mr. MALLORY. And 1 will also ask if those
changes have not been made by the very Demo-
cratic leaders to whom he now refers as guides to
gentlemen on this side of the House.
Mr. KASSON. I will answer both questions
before I have don£.
At present 1 go on to say that the new light
and the new influence to which I refer is simply
this—and I appeal to the Democrats themselves
for proof of what 1 say—that it has been the law
of the Democracy from the beginning of this
Government to this time, that true Democracy
was obedience to the will of the people when law-
fully and constitutionally expressed. I say that
when this question was submitted to the people
of this country during the last canvass it was
fully discussed. In my own district, in joint de-
bate,in everyone of the twenty-three counties it
was debated on the stump, and so far as 1 know
it was debated in some way in every other dis-
tiict in this Union, and when the voice of the
majority of the people of this country, as the re-
sult of this canvass, pronounced in favor of the
progress of events, as indicated by this amend-
ment, it i? a law ofthe Democracy that they should
defer to the will of the people thus declared with
almost the force of national law.
Mr. MALLORY. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him another question?
Mr. KASSON. Certainly.
Mr. MALLORY. I understand that the gen-
tleman now claims that because the majority of
the people of the United States indicated their ap-
proval of this change in the Constitution of the
United States therefore the immense minority
who opposed it should submit and consent to the
change. Now, if lie undertakes to assume that
