1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
955
are waiting for this appropriation to enable them
to do so.
I can say no more, Mr. President, in behalf of
this claim. I believe it to be a just and a right-
eous claim, one which long ago ought to have been'
paid; and I now appeal to the justice of the Sen-
ate in behalf of the dependent Indians whose land
we have taken and used and sold, the proceeds of
which we have put into our Treasury, to do at
least partial justice to the poor and needy, even
at this late period.
Mr. HAIILAN. Mr. President, this appeal
would be very well if it were made in favor of
the poor, uneducated Indians against cultivated
people; but it is an appeal made by the culti-
vated, educated Indians of Michigan against the
wild Indians of Kansas. The Indians in Kansas
have never been heard. This proposition is to put
your hands into their money bags ard.iake out
money due to them, under the uniform*decision
of this Government for nearly thirty years, and
pay it over to highly educated Indians, as the
Senator says, now residing in Michigan, and to
take it from the Kansas Indians without a hearing.
The Michigan Indians have been heard by their
attorneys here, able men. And I have nothing to
say against their reputation as men. 1 suppose
they are lawyers of ability and integrity, and deem
that they have a right to claim and collect ail the
fees they can get under fair contracts. But these
Kansas Indians have not been heard, it is said
that a gentleman, representing himself as their
agent, has been here, and has printed a pamphlet
and laid it on the desks of Senators; and this same
gentleman did appear before the Indian Commit-
tee. He came without any authority whatever,
as far as I know, and, it is said, had previously
been employed by the Michigan Indians in the
same case. Be this as it may, it will be observed
that, in the conclusion of his printed argument,
be uiges that the Government should pay some-
thing to the Michigan Indians; and I have no
doubt he is in complicity with the agents who are
prosecuting this claim for the Michigan Indians,
and will share in whatever amount they recover.
Another of the remonstrators against this Michi-
gan claim, who made an appeal to me personally
in favor of the Kansas Indians, originally, a month
or two since, came to me quite recently and urged
me to go for the claim. 1 have no doubt that he,
too, will share in the bounty if it shall be secured.
• Now, what assurance have we that the Indians
in Kansas will acquiesce in this arrangement?
Congress is asked to pass a law taking fiom the
Kansas Indians $50,000, and paying it over to
Indians in Michigan who have been adjudged
solemnly by this Government not to be entitled
toil. The Senator fi om Michigan says that it
sounds to him veiy much like quibbling to say
that these Indians in Michigan never complied
with their contract under the treaty, and seems
to impute to the members of the Indian Commit-
tee, who take the view of the subject which I do,
that we are not entitled to much lespectforcom-
ing to the conclusion at which we have arrived,
and for saying that these Indians were not entitled
to money because they had not complied with
their contract to remove. This is a reflection on
the Government moie than on those members of
the committee who oppose the claim. They
have not been paid this money by the Govern-
ment from 1836 to the present hour, because, in
the opinion of the Government, they had not
complied with their contract under the treaty. 1
might, I think, in the face of these facts, appeal
to the Senator from Michigan to say whether he
himself is not the quibbler, if such a term is ap-
propuate in this presence.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator will allow me
to say that I believe I have not used any such
term as that. I am not conscious of it, if 1 have.
Mr. HARLAN. I so understood the Senator,
but I cheerfully accept his correction.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It being now
halfpast four o'clock, the Senate will take a recess
until seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate resumed its session at seven o'clock
p. m.
W. II. AND C. S- DUNCAN.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move to take up
the bill (S. No. 311) for the relief of W. H. &
C. S. Duncan. It was taken up yesterday and
half finished. I want it disposed of. Jtis merely
to pay $200 for supplies furnished to Kansas
militia in 1856.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Powell.)
The Chair can only entertain such a motion by
unanimous consent, the business pending at the
.time the recess was taken being the business reg-
ularly before the Senate.
The motion was agreed to; and the considera-
tion of the bill (S. No. 311) for the relief of W.
H. & C. S. Duncan was resumed as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
SAMUEL L. GEROULD.
Mr. CLARK. I move to take up the bill (S.
No. 450) for the relief of Samuel L. Gerould.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read the second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to direct the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Samuel L.
Gerould, late sergeant company G, fourteenth
New Hampshire volunteers, the sum of $179 20,
for his services as clerk to a general eourt-mar-
tiol from September 21, 1863, to December 24,
1864.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a thiid reading, read the third
time, and passed.
WILLIAM PIERCE.
Mr. CLARK. I move to take up the bill (S.
No. 442) for the relief of William Pierce.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read the second time,and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to direct the
Secretary of the Treasury to issue, execute, and
deliver to William Pierce, duplicates of the fol-
lowing-desciibed bonds of the United States of
America, Treasury Department, for the Oregon
war debt, issued by the United States under an
act of Congress approved March 2,1861, payable
at any time after the 1st of July, ]881,atthe
Treasury of the United States, with interest at the
rate of six percent, pei annum, namely, No. 679,
No. 682, No. 681, and No. 270, with coupons at-
tached; the first three bonds being for the sum of
one hundred dollars each, luid the last named
being for fifty dollars, each bond being signed L.
JS. Chittenden, Register of the Treasu ry, a nd each
of the coupons attached being signed G. Luff; but
before the issue of the new duplicate bonds, Pierce
is to execute, or cause to he Executed and de-
posited with the Secretary of the Treasury of the
United States, to the full acceptance and satisfac-
tion of the Treasurer, such bond of indemnity as
is usually required by the regulations of the
Treasury Department for the issue of duplicate
certificates of inscribed stock.
The bill was reported to tne Senate, and or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading. It was
read the third time, and passed.
DEPARTMENTAL COUNSEL FEES.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Some time since a reso-
lution was adopted by the Senate, at my instance,
calling on the heads of the several Departments
of the Government to inform the Senate how
much money had been paid for counsel fees by
their respective Departments. The resolution has
been responded to by all those officers except the
Attorney General; he has not answered the reso-
lution. I move that all the replies which have
been received be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now I move that the At-
torney General be again directed to respond to
the resolution of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
GEOItGE J. STUBBLE FIELD. .
On motion of Mr. CLARK, the joint resolu-
tion (S. II. No. 10D) authotizing the adjustment
of the claim of Geoige J. Stubblefield for chew-
ing tobacco furnished to the United States, was
read the second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, it proposes to direct the
Commissary General of Subsistence to adjust the
claim of George J. Stubblefield for chewing to-
bacco furnished to the Army of the United States
under Major General W. T. Sherman, at At-
lanta, Georgia,upon the same principle and evi-
dence as govern the adjustment of claims for
authorized^ supplies received by the subsistence
department of the United States under the act to
restrict the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims,
and to provide for the payment of certain de-
mands for quartermasters'stores and subsistence
supplies furnished to the Army of the United
States, approved July 4, 1864; and the sum as-
certained to be due, not exceeding $14,746 50, is
to be paid out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
THANKS TO GENERAL THOMAS.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up the resolu-'
tion of thanks to General Thomas.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 139) of thanks to Major Gen-
eral George H. Thomas and the army under his
command was considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. BROWN. I move to amend the resolu-
tion by inserting as additional sections:
Sfc. 2 Jliid he jt further resolved, That the thanks of
Congress are also hereby tendeied to Captain S. Phillips
Lee, and tothe officer-*,petty officers,seamen,and maunes
under lus command, for the skill, gallantry, and good eon-
ductexliihncd by them in coopeiation with the laud Ibices
under command ot'M.ijor General Thomas in the lategreat
and decisive victories hi Tennessee.
See. 3. JSmi be it Jut titer resolved, That the Pre^id^nt he
requested to communicate these resolutions to the officers
named, and through them to tho«e serving under them, em-
braced in tin; loiegoing vote of thanks.
I move this amendment in justice to those con-
nected with theNavyin codperatingin the move-
ments in Tennessee; and in doing so I think it
will be only necessary to read from a dispatch of
Major General Thomas, addressed to Acting Rear
Admiral Lee, the following sentences:
u Your eltteietil cooperation on the Tennessee has con-
tributed hugely to the demobilization of Hood's army.
Major Geiieiut A. J. rimiih, commanding a detachment of
the army of the Tennessee, will ptobably reach Clifton by
Sunday next, J.inuaiy i, when; transport* aie ex-
pected to meet him to take Ins command to EaMport.
Please aftbid him every assistance in your powm uielfect-
inuasecme lodgment at EaMport, and as f considej the
Cumberland now entuely witc I Will be obliged to you if
you will have ;i strong loice kept m the Tennessee to keep
open navigation on that livei.
JTn concluding this telegram, it gives me groat pleasure
to tender to you, voui othccr.s and men, invheaity thanks
for \ our cordial corporation durmff operations ol the past
liiirty days. GEORGE 11. THOMAS,
Major General.
" To Acting Rear Admiial S. P. Lee, Commanding Missti-
sij>]>i Squa<liO)i} Flag-ship Ftcny, Chichasau), Jilabama.i>
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
as amended, and the amendment was concurred in.
It was ordered that the amendment be engrossed,
and the joint resolution read a third time. The
resolution was read the thud time, and passed.
Its title was amended to read: A resolution of
thanks to IVhtjor General George 11. Thomas and
the army under his command,and to Captain S.
Phillips Lee and to the officers, petty officers, sea-
men, and marines under his command.
POTTAWATOMIE INDIANS Of MICHIGAN.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to call up the un-
finished business and press it to a vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Powell.)
The unfinished business is the joint resolution
(II. R. No. 38) duectmg the Secieiarj^f the In-
tel ior to pay to the Chippewa, Ottawa, and Pot-
tawatomie Indians residing in Michigan, the sum
of $192,850, which is now before the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole, on which the Senator
from Iowa [Mr. Harlan] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 have said about all I wish
to say. I am willing to take the vote now on the
amendment that I proposed.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I want to settle a
question of veracity between myself and the Sen-
ator from Michigan. I tried to have an oppor-
tunity when the Senator was indulging in denun-
ciation, hut with his native courtesy he refused
mc the opportunity.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I am not
aware that I ever denied any request of the Sen-
ator from Kansas to say anything he chose to say
on this question; and I am at a loss to understand
this singular Wnguuge.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I rose to my feet
and asked the Senator ftom Michigan to allow me
