956
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
to explain, which he refused to do. It was on a
question of veracity.
Mr. HOWARD. I have no recollection of ever
hearing the Senator make such a request. As to
the question of veracity, I am ready to hear him
on that subject. If he desires to make any ex-
planation, that is his privilege, as a mattter of
course.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. In the first speech
made by the Senator from Michigan on this sub-
ject he stated that the House committee had re-
ported in favor of $168,000 for the Michigan In-
dians, to brs taken from the funds of the Kansas
Indians, and that that amount was predicated
upon an estimate 
Mr. HOWARD rose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Kansas yield to the Senator from Mich-
igan? ^ ✓
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Certainly.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 beg to assure the Senator
and the Senate that I made no such statement as
that.
Mr. LANE, ofKansas. Well, Mr. President,
all I can say is that I looked for the printed re-
port of the speech to-day, and it is not yet in the
Globe. I .state now how I understood his re-
mat k, and the remark which I corrected.
Mr. HOWARD. I have no objection to that.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. It was that the House
committee had leported the sum of $168,000 in
favor of the Michigan Indians to be taken from
the Kansas TiVUmns.
Mr. DOOLll^LE. One hundred and ninety-
two thousand debars. '
Mr. LANE, o^Kunsas. I should have said
$1&£,000. The statement of/'the Senator from
Michigan wns that .the House committee hud re-
ported that sum to be due, which was predicated
on an estimate of the Indian Bureau. After the
Senator made that statement, I rose to my feet
and said that in that statement he was largely in
error; that the Indian>Bureau had estimated a
much smnllorsum; I said I thought about ninety
thousand dollars. The Senator to-day, as I un-
derstood Him, reiterated the statement he made
yesterday, and took me to task for having cor-
rected him incorrectly. I 1 ' ve the estimate of
the Indian llureau before me, and I propose to
rend it to hun and to the Senate. This I-* signed
by Mr. Dole, and dated November 15, 18(>2:
" i'.ut uMhul' to picM-nt all the evidence at my com-
mand fh.u will .ml \ on to make up yiuu (leci-ion, J have
pi'-ji.ueil ,i Man-nit'tn tor voiu eonsulcr.Uion winch, it in
\oui opinion i- ,i more ju-t ami eqniulilo distribution of
tlie .mutinies liian the former, you can adopt it.'5
That estimate is #73,112 50, being $17,000 loss
even than the amounts-stated m my correction of
the Senator. 1 desire to way to him now that
when I correct a Senator in t\ statement of fact, I
do it in kindness and courteously, and I hope that
I may be heated kindly and courteously in re-
sponse to if.
Mr. HOWARD. Whnt I said yesterday, in
the opening speech to which the Senator from
Kansas alluded, was that the joint resolution now
under consideration, which came from the House
of Representatives, was founded upona icpoitof
a committee of that I lou.r, in which it was stated
that the amount of $J0'2,;j50 was estimated to be
due to the Michigan Im'ians, and that report of
the committee of the House of Representatives
was derived from a import or from information
furnished by the Indian Bureau. That is what
] .stated. It had been some time since I had actu-
ally seen the repoit to which 1 had reference, and
1 had it not by me at the moment, and couid not
theiufore read fiom the page itself. After I had
made this .statement, the Senator fiom Kansas, 1
thought with an air of assurance, at least of great
confidence, remarked to the Senate, by way of
intei rupting me, that I was ii largely in error."
Sir, 1 was taught, whenl was young, when mak-
ing a statement of fact to do so with accruacy,so
far as I couid, not to overstate and not to under-
slate ; and 1 confess that the charge of being
ts largely in ertor" on such a statement of fact
was not v<.ry ngreenble to me. Hence when 1
piodueed the document here this afternoon and
read fiom it, showing that my statement was sub-
Klauriaily urate iu both particulars, ldid refer
to tlie p.mark made by the Senator from Kansas
in such terms as to call his particular attention to
the mistake which he had made in charging me
with inaccuracy. I did not intend of course any
disrespect to the Senator from Kansas. If this
be the question of veracity which he seeks to set-
tle between himself and me, I have no more to
say about it; I leave it to the Senate and the
country.
Mr LANE, of Kansas. Do I understand the
Senator from Michigan to say that the amount
of $192,850, as found by the House committee,
was predicated upon an estimate of the Indian
Bureau ?
Mr. HOWARD. I did not use the word/' es-
timate." I know not whether it was an estimate
or something else; it was a report made from the
Indian Bureau. as the very report of the commit-
tee of the House of Repiesentatives says.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. But I have just read
from the icport of the Indian Bureau making an
estimate of $73,000, instead of $192,000.
Mr. HOWARD. I know not what document
the Senator from Kansas has before him; but I
know what I have before me quite well. In the
document which I have before me, and which is
the report of the committee of the House of Rep-
resentatives, the following language is used, in
speaking of the report from the proper Depart-
ment:
"Tito report of the Secretary of the Interior shows the
amount due the claimant* to be $192,845, which sum has
been pan) to the mam nation erroneously, and should be
leelanned and paid to the claimants."
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I have shown the
report of the Indian Bureau. The present Sec-
retary of the Interior has reported to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs that there is nothing due
from the Kansas Indians to the Michigan In-
dians.
Mr. HOWARD. The committee of the House
of Representatives in their report, speaking of the
claimants, say:
"They continued their eftoiH and eariied the matter to
Confess, and on the t>d day of JVlaioh, 1851, a law was
pa&^ect oideuiiij an examination, and report to Congress,
winch was completed and math; by the Secretiny of the
Intetior on the 19ih day of December, 1860. The recoids
ot the Committee on Indian Affair  how that the claim-
ant weie not then ready for action, and the matter was laid
over to the pte^eut tune."
Afterward it says " the report of the Secretary
of the Interior shows the amount due the claim-
ants to he $192,845."
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If my honorable friend
fiom Michigan and my honorable friend from Kan-
sas will allow me a moment, { can explain how this
discrepancy arises, and how in fact both Senators
are light in on£ view of the case, and both are
wrong in another.
Mr. HOWARD. I should like the honorable
Senator from Wisconsin to show in what respect
I am wrong; in this matter.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In relation to this claim
there weie two statements by the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, two calculations based upon
two distinct sets of principles. In the one calcu-
lation he found that there was $73,112 50 due to
the Michigan Indians; but if lie made his calcu-
lation upon the other basis he found that $192,845
was due, and in the latter basis he includes a shate
of the lauds west which have been sold, for which
the tribe have a principal sum of $643,000 draw-
ing interest, and he includes also interest upon the
money which had not been paid to them. Includ-
ing their share of the $643,000 which was real-
ized from the sates of lands west of the Missis-
sippi, which alone amounted to $71,000, and the
interest upon the payments which ought to have
been made,amounting to $33,000, he madeupthe
whole sum of $192,845. Now, the committee of
the Senate reject the principle that the Michigan
Indians shall have any share in the lands west
or shall have any interest upon their claim or any
share in the school fund or the agricultural fund
which belongs to the establishment west of the
Mississippi, but confine the Indians in Michigan
to their share of the money annuities which, as
wc reckon them, amount to $50,000. The Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, in his computation
making out $73,000, allows the Indians of Michi-
gan the whole of the $2,000 annuity which is pro-
vided in the supplementaly treaty, and does not
divide that annuity with the tribe westof the Mis-
sissippi, but keeps it all for the Indians in Michi-
gan. In that way he makes the difference more
than is made by the committee of the Senate in
their estimate.
This is really a difference in the basis of com-
putation. It is true, as the Senator from Kansas
says, that the present Secretary of the Interior,
on looking at this case in the first instance, did
write a letter in which he stated that he did not
think anything was due to the Indians in Michi-
gan, putting his opinion upon the very same
ground on which my friend from Iowa has placed
his opinion, and that was that they did not conir
ply with the treaty in removing to the north part
of Michigan. Mr. Caleb B. Smith, however, the
former Secretary of the Interior, recommended the
payment of the sum of $73,000. ^
These are the facts, in short, which show the dis-
crepancy. The House committee, as stated by my
friend from Michigan, recommended the payment
of $192,000.
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly; and that was all I
stated, that the House committee recommended the
payment of that amount of money; that that was
reported as being due to the claimants in their re-
port, and that that report was founded upona re-
port from the Secretary of the Interior. Certainly
my honorable friend from Wisconsin will not pre-
tend that in all this I am in the wrong at all. I
simply recite the contents of the documents which
arc before me. The documents may be wrong or
may be right; I am not responsible for them. Al-
though I may not be able to satisfy the honorable %
Senator from Kansas that my "native courtesy"
is at all comparable with his own, still I trust that
lie will be satisfied with this explanation. Cer-
tainly I am.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. And now, if the Senate is
prepared, 1 should like to take the vote on this
question and dispose of the case.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I am perfectly willing
that the Senate shall act on this joint resolution
when 1 have made a statement to them of two
points*, which will take about two minutes. The
Pottawatomie Indians, from whom it is proposed
to filch this money, are our western tribe, lying*
contiguous to the warlike Indians. It is proposed
without their consent, and without their being rep-
resented, to take one fourth of their annuities from
them, upon which they depend forfood ami cloth-
ing, withuut our having heard from them, without
their having been before the committee or having
had notice that there was any such thing likely to
take place; and I suboiitand give notice to the Sen-
ate that there is danger of creating such a feeling in
that tribe as to have the scenes of Minnesota re-
peated upon the people of Kansas. About one half
of this tribe are what are called Praitie Blanket In-
dians. They are uneasy now, and have been since
this war commenced, and the taking from them of
this money, upon which they depend for food and
raiment, I am satisfied will create a hostile feeling
among them.
Again, 1 submit to the Senate this question: we
treat these Indian tribes as independent nations;
we have been paying to this tribe or independent
nation of Pottawatomies for thirty years this
money; now it is proposed, without consulting
them, to take it from them and pay it to a colony,
as if you were to take money due to the Government
of Great Britain and pay it to Canada, her colony,
without consulting the British Government. I
have believed, and 1 again state to the Senate that
the true policy is to recommit this subject to the
committee; let the Pottawatomie Indians have
notice of the purpose to take from them their na-
tional money, let them send their agent here, be
heard before that committee, and then, if you con-
clude to force the money from them, they will
not have as much reason to complain as they have
now.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In relation to the state-
ment of the Senator from Kansas that the Potta-
watomies have not had notice and have not had
an agent here, I wish to state the facts as I under-
stand them. The joint resolution was passed by
the House of Representatives in March last year.
Mr. Brackenndge, claiming to be their agent, and
who has filed with the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs a power of attorney showing that he is
their agent, has, in writing, in print, and in person
appeared before the Indian Committee on two or
three occasions to oppose this claim, and his
printed statement has been before the committee)
and I believe is with the papers.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Now, I desire to ask
the chairman of the committee a question. Does
not the agent of the Michigan Indians in his arg#'
