m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10.
restored and the peace of the country perpetuated
as well as reestablished.
Do not gentlemen perceive that there has been
a war about this very question; that hundreds of
thousands of lives have beeifclost in a war pro-
voked by the adherents of this institution; that
the question is again presented to the country
with a redoubled significance and power, until you
cannot go into a cottage in the most remote ham-
let of the nation where, in the midst of tears for
dear ones lost, they-do not pray you to save their
posterity from being obliged to shed blood again
in a contest provoked by those who have no jus-
tice in their cause, and who have no grounds for
appeal to the support of either Christianity or
civilization or to any feeling of humanity in their
race.
Mr. VOORHEES. Does the gentleman from
Iowa hold that the powers of the Constitution
have been changed or enlarged by this war? And
further* whether he seeks now to amend the Con-
stitution by virtue of itself; or whether the gen-
tleman is at last driven to intrench himself, upon
this question, in the war power? If not, if the
Constitution remains unchanged, I must be per-
mitted to respectfully suggest that the doctrine
asserted by the party before the war broke out,
upon the subject of constitutional power, should
obtain now under an unchanged Constitution.
Mr. KASSON. if I gather the scope of the
gentleman's inquiry, it certainly is unnecessary
for me to answer him. If he is familiar with that
Constitution, which he no doubt has read, he
knows that it confers power for its amendment.
If he asks me my opinion as to the war power
under it, I affirm that the Constitution gives that
power to an undefined extent; and that it rests
with the organized representation, legislative and
executive, of the people of this country, how far
that power shall be cxcrcised, according to the
necessities of war, and limited not to be in con-
flict with other provisions of the Constitution.
And nowl call the attention of gentlemen upon
that side and upon all sides of this House to
another fact: that theie me but two limitations in
the Constitution of the United States upon the
power to amend it. In every other respect that
Constitution may be amended as fully as the
constitution of any State in this Union may be
amended. I refer to the fifth article, which gives
the power to amend, and prescribes the mode in
which the amendments shall be accomplished. It
says, after prescribing that mode:
" Provided that no amendment which may be made prior
to the year 1808 &hall in any manner affect the first and
fourth clauses in the ninth tectum of ilio. first artieWi'"—
That relates to the importation of foreign per-
sons, meaning negroes.
''and that no State, without its consent, shall be deprived
of its equal suffrage in the Senate."
Upon these two points, or rather the one now
remaining point, you are not permitted by the
Constitution to amend it. Upon every other point
within the range of conventional action, asiecog-
nized by civilized countries, you have full power
to amend the Constitution.
And there has never been a more dangerous
doctrine propounded upon this floor than that
which was enunciated upon the other side of this
House yesterday, that we had not the power to
amend the Constitution, and on the other hand
that these southern rebels had the right to come
back into this Union under the same Constitution
identically that existed at the time they went out
of the Union. That was the doctrine of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bliss,] who spoke, I
think, on Fiiday. He dcclaied, m substance, that
that light existed in the rebels; and one other
gentleman, I think one of the gentlemen from
Kentucky, reaffirmed the doctrine, maintaining
that the rebel States have the right to come back
into the Union under a Constitution identically
the same as that which existed when they went
out.
Mr. MALLORY. I desire to ask the gentle-
man a question in relation to another matter. Will
the gentleman tell me whether he believes that,
by an amendment to the Constitution, we could
so change our Governmentas to convert it into a
monarchy, or an aristocracy, or a despotism?
Mr. KASSON. If the gentleman will ask me
a practical question relating to this subject, I will
answer him.
Mr.MALLORY. Thisisapraclicalquestion.
This amendment proposes radically to change the
Government.
Mr. KASSON. I do not propose to discuss
here the courses of the planets or the phases of the
mooy. I keep to the question asclosely as I can,
and I seek to rescue it from that abyss of party
politics into which my friend from Kentucky
sought, yesterday, to prostrate it. i desire to call
the attention of gentlemen in this House who
claim to be statesmen, who claim to be patriots,
and to desire permanent peace in the country, to
the principles that underlie thisproposed amend-
ment-.
And I ask again, in answer to the proposition
which was propounded yesterday as to the right
of the rebels, under the Constitution, to come back
and find that instrument exactly as.it was when
they left the Union—I ask this question: Can men,
by the criminal action which they themselves in-
stitute, stop the wheels of Government as pro-
pelled by the honest, loyal, adhering portion of
the community? Then I ask, if that loyal por-
tion of the community choose to amend their Con-
stitution pending this criminal action of the rebels,
how can it be maintained for a moment that they
have a right to come back under the identical Con-
stitution that existed when they went out? Yet
two gentlemen on the other side tfok the ground
yesterday that men, by rebellion and crime, may
prevent us from making whatever amendment of
the organic law may be necessary for the peace of
the country and the perpetuity of our free insti-
tutions and free Government! No, sir; I will not
offer such a premium to rebellion, nor maintain
that rebels not only keep all their constitutional
rights during rebellion, butactually deprive usof
our rights by the act and during the continuance
of rebellion.
Mr. MALLORY. I wish to ask the gentleman
one more question: Will he hereafter, when this
question shall have been submitted to the various
Statesfor ratification, admitthat the States now m
rebellion shall be counted in ascertaining the pro-
portionate number of States ratifying the amend-
ment?
Mr. KASSON. I am not aware, sir, that there
is any proposition upon that subject before the
House.
Mr. MALLORY. The question must come up
in the future, and I ask the gentleman in relation
to that future.
Mr. KASSON. " Sufficient unto the day is the
evil thereof."* When the gentleman places him-
self right upon the Democratic principle of follow-
ing the indications of the will of the majority of
the people, and supports the proposition to give
to the people an opportunity to give the full ma-
jority that is required, then he may propound
such questions to me. At present, while he stands
upon entirely differcntground, and does notcom-
bat my premises or my logic, I deny that he has
the right to jaise a contingent and remote ques-
tion. Hut I will say this: If you will give the op-
portunity to the people of the several States of
this Union, including the rebelliousStates as they
may be leclaimed from rebel authority, you will
have a majority of three fourths of all the States
for the amendment. Counting the free States of
the Union, including Missouri among them, and
the little State of Delaware, you have twenty-
four States of the Union to begin with, leaving
but three more to give the constitutional number
required by any theory to establish this as a part
of the Constitution of the United States. Do you
tell me that Louisiana will not ratify this amend-
ment, that Tennessee will not, that Arkansas will
not, when the loyal men of those States have a
fair opportunity to record their votes upon it? I
say that my information from authentic sources
is entirely different, and leads me to entertain the
confident belief that the only men who have the
right to vote under the Constitution, the men who
are in allegiance to this Government and give the
Constitution their support, will go with strong
voice for this amendment; and I shallendeavor to
show the reasons why if time remains to me.
Mr. COX. The gentleman will allow me one
moment; I will not detain him long. I will,
however, as one upon this side of the House to
whom the gentleman refers, answer the question
which he propounded, and that which the gentle-
man from Kentucky propounded to him.
Mr. KASSON. I did not refer to that gentle-
man, but to his colleague, [Mr. Buss.]
Mr. COX. 1 am aware of that; but the gen-
tleman will allow me to say what I proposed to
say. I hold that there exists under the Consti-
tution the right to amend it in every particular,
except the two particulars specified in that instru-
ment. Nav, more, I carry the Democratic prin-
ciple to sucn an extent that I maintain that the
people of this country, speaking through three
fourths of the States, in pursuance of the mode
prescribed by the Constitution, have the right to
do anything; to erect a monarchy in this coun-
try; to make the king of Dahomey, if you please,
the king of this country; because all the States
have ceded to three fourths of them the right to
change the organic law in all particulars except
two. My reason for opposing this amendment
is not that I deny the power^to make it, but be-
cause, in my view, it seeks to consolidate power;
to absorb the powers of the States, and deprive
them of their municipal liberty; because it is a
step toward monarchy and despotism.
Mr. KASSON. I am glad to hear the gentle-
man from Ohio concede away the whole case mado
by his Democratic colleagues yesterday. This is
no proposition to appeal to the war power. Those
gentlemen who dread an appeal to the war power
so much as the gentleman from Ohio might weft
be alarmed if this were proposed to be done in
any other way than by the action of the sovereign
people, sovereign in their right to amend accord-
ing to the constitutional form any of their in-
stitutions. And yet I do not understand him to
say that he is willing to give the people the right
to pass on the question and to say whether it is
their will or not. He is not willing to trust the
people.
Mr. COX. I could give the people the right to
pass upon it if I did not believe 
Mr. KASSON. They would do it. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. COX. The language which the party over
there is now enjoying itself at shows no inconsist-
ency. I said I would not oppose it if I did not
believe it would tend to disturb the balance of
power between the States and thus disturb our
peculiar confederated system. It is because you
seek to break down slavery, and because, by the
exercise of a power given in the Constitution you
would divert our Government from its proper
course and channel, that I am opposed to it. And
that is the subject for laughter on the other side
of the House.
Mr. KASSON. The gentleman, instead ofad-
mitting my proposition well founded, passes over
that point, and yet declares his apprehension in
another form by the action of the people; that it
would disturb the balance of power; in other
words, he has no confidence in the people of this
country for fear they will themselves disturb the
balance of power, and therefore does not want to
submit it to them.
Mr. MALLORY rose.
Mr. KASSON. In a moment. It amounts to
the same thing, that the modern Democracy, as
represented by my distinguished friend from Ohio,
distrusts the first instincts of the people, while the
old Democracy, in which I have already said I
was raised, always appealed to the sober second
thought of the people, and declared its confidence
in the issue of a sober appeal to them on any ques-
tion. But these gentlemen are unwilling to sub-
mit the question to the action of the peoptfc.
I will now hear the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask the gentleman from
Iowa whether this amendment does not refer the
question for ratification, not to the people of the
various States, but to the packed Legislatures
elected without reference to this matter.
Mr. KASSON. Why, sir, my friend from
Kentucky complains because we do not do an
unconstitutional thing.
Mr. MALLORY. Not at all.
Mr. KASSON. Wedoexactly the thing which
the Constitution tells us to do. 13ut in submitting
it to the Legislatures, do not the people pass upon
it? Do not the people elect the Legislatures ? Do
not the people pass upon it in the same way that
they passed upon the ratification of the Constitu-
tion itself, by choosing a body of men to accept
or reject this amendment? Of course they do.
Mr. MALLORY. No. "When the Statesacted
on the Constitution and the ratification of that in-
strument, they elected conventions and Legisla-
tures with a view to that specific objoct. if the
