THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
TIIE OFFICIAL PllOCEEDINGS QF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY F. & J. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. G.
Tiiirtt-Kiohth Congress, 2d Session*.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 12, 1865.
New Series No. 13.
gentleman will alter this resolution and provide
for the calling of conventions of the States to de-
cide whether this amendment to the Constitution
shall be ratified or not, then there would be some
ground for the position he occupies.
Mr. KASSON. Will the gentleman vote for
the proposition thus amended?
Mr. MALLORY. No, sir.
Mr. KASSON. 1 must proceed with my argu-
ment; I appeal from old Kentucky, impressed
only with the traditions of the last thiity years,
adhering to the doctrines of the nulhfiers de-
nounced by Jackson, our great modern Democratic
father. 1 appeal from that old Kentucky to that
young giant Kentucky that is now rising in its
place, and representing the purer Democracy of
our fathers, that young giant, springing like Mi-
nerva full armed from the front of Jove, winch
took action in its Legislature on Friday last in the
spint of this amendment, and which has an elo-
quent exponent upon this floor, [Mr. Yeaman,]
from whom we have heard once on this question.
I appeal to that young Kentucky, infused with
the life of the times, capable of appreciating the
spirit of events, competent to understand the ne-
cessity of a modification of our institutions which
is required by the times and by circumstances.
And to that Kentucky I submit the argument
which I render here, for it will meet me on the
terms and premises,and logic which I have sought
humbly to submit to gentlemen on thatside of the
House to-day.
For the present I leave the question of consti-
tutionality; and 1 call the attention of the House
to the only question, beside the constitutionality
of the measure, which, in my judgment, should
be considered here by legislators who desire to
act for the best interests of the country; I refer to
the policy of the amendment. Let me say heie
that it is necessary to cairy into effect one clause
of the Constitution of the United States which
has been disobeyed in nearly every slave State
of the Union for some twenty-five or thirty years
past. I refer to that clause of the Constitution
which declares in section two of the fourth article
that the citizens of each State shall be entitled to
all the privileges and immunities of citizcns of the
several States. You cannot go into a State of the
North in which you do not find refugees from
southern States who have been duven fiom the
States m the south where they had a right to live
as citizcns, because of the tyranny which this in-
stitution exercised over public feeling and public
opinion, and even over the laws of those States.
In my own State there are numbers of men who
have been driven from their farms, not for any
oflense against any of the laws which usually con-
stitute crime, but because in opinion they did not
agree with those who adhere to the institution of
slavery. Who does not know that we have abun-
dant proof that numbers of men in the State of
Texas, Germans who had settled there, quiet and
peaceable men, have been foully murdered m cold
olood because thoy were known to be anti-slavery
in sentiment? Who does not know that innocent
ladies, cultivated, intelligent, Christian women,
have been diiven fiom the cities and States of the
South, not for any legal offense committed by
them, but because they had dared to say some-
thing offensive to this intoiei ant spirit of slavery ?
Nay, more; who Joes not know that it has in-
augurated aciuel despotism, a spirit brutal be-
yond comparison in the history of the world, in
the treatment of soldiers of the Union taken pris-
oners by them since the war commenced? What
other civilized nation exists in Europe, or on this
continent, that would have treated prisoners of
war as ours have been treated m this southern
dominion? I ask gentlemen to point me to mod-
ern history, and show me where prisoners of war
have ever received such neglect and brutality as
our soldieis have encountered who have been
made piisoners in the South.
And what is the reason of it? It is because
they chaige these soldiers with being abolition-
ists. They appeal to that insane, mad spirit of
slavery, and thus heap crime upon crime, i speak
IB
of it now in its effects. To illustrate its effects,
remember it was slavery which positively refused
the agents of what gentlemen are pleased to style
a sovereign State in the Union a hearing in its
courts. Did not Massachusetts send two dis-
tinguished gentlemen to try a cause affecting the
right of South Carolina over free colored citizens
of Massachusetts in the courts of South Caro-
lina, and were they not driven ignominiously
from the city of Charleston, without access to the
court? Would that have been done if slavery
had not existed? But worse than that! I men-
tion one other illustration with shuddering hor-
ror, and I mention it only for the further exhibi-
tion of the truth of history. The chairman of
the Military Committee mentioned to me yester-
day an instance showing the effects of the insti-
tution in another direction, infinitely worse than
the denial of relief according to law, and before
its own tribunals.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOLMAN. There is no objection to the
gentleman from Iowa continuing his remarks.
Mr. MALLORY. I hope, as the gentleman
from Iowa has been interrupted so much, and as
I have had part of his time, he will be allowed to
proceed.
Unanimous consent was given.
Mi. KASSON. I was about to say, Mr.
Speaker, that one of the effects—and I avoid all
allusion to the exercise of private authority, I
only speak of the philosophy of the institution
as traced in its effects on society—that one of its
effects as stated to me yesterday on competent
authority was thatone of the" institutions"subor-
dinatetothe institution of slavery had been called
into play against some soldiers of our Army who
had been taken prisoners and hud escaped. It is
well known that it is a recognized business in parts
of the South to keep and train blood-hounds for
the recovery of fugitive slaves. I speak of it as
a fact well known and not denied by anybody.
My information is this, that four Union sol-
diers who recently escaped fiom one of the rebel
camps weie pursued by the aid of that subordi-
nate institution and overtaken. A ring was founed
about them and the blood-hounds were let in on
these four soldiers, who weie torn to pieces amid
the jeers and shouts of the nibble that encircled
them I Tell me that it is my duty to act in any
way for the protection of that institution! Let
gentlemen go home to their constituents if they
will, and say that they voted for the perpetuation
of an institution capable of effects of that kind,
one which denies the constitutional rights of our
citizens in the South, suppresses freedom of speech
and of the press, throws types into the rivers when
they do not print its will, and violates more clauses
of the Constitution than were violated even by
the rebels when they commenced this war, and
which has, in effect, been in chronic and constant
rebellion against the provisions of our national
Constitution during the last twenty years. Their
personal action is for their own determination.
For myself, sir, I will go to the noble, gallant
people of Iowa with no such rccord connected
with my name. I had rather stand solitary, with
my name recorded for this amendment, with the
hope ofjui>tice twenty years hencc, than to have
all the honois which could be heaped upon me by
any political party in opposition to this doctrine.
You cannot resist the tide of modern civilization.
It commenced with our Revolution and it williiow
on until unforeseen obstacles shall block up its
course. It was sustained by the spiut of Wash-
ington and Madison and Jefferson, who denounced
this institution; it was strengthened by France,
when thatgreat empire, then flushed with the lib-
eral genius of a republic, pronounced a decree for
the entiic abolition of slavery throughout her then
extended colonial dominions. Thence it passed
to England, and, although a bitter enemy of
France, and disliking everything favored by the
French people, yet after twenty years of contest
under the leadership of men whose names stand
high—none higher—on the roll of English history
or of fame, freedom became a fixed fact through-
out all the dominions of Great Britain. Subse-
quently it even permeated the arbitrary despot-
ism of Russia, and now, by a decree of the impe-
rial Government, seven million serfs are set free
and restored to the natural rights of mankind.
Then came Holland and Denmark in the train of
emancipation, leaving the kingdom of Spain, the #
last resource upon the European continent of the
institution of slavery, and not even there, I be-
lieve, tolerated on her own soil, but only in her
distant colonies.
And here, gentlemen tell me that by crying
peace, peace, and suppressing abolitionism, they
can check the flow of this tide, and procure a
permanent peace and concord iifthe Union. They
must be blind to the moral and religious power
which prevails in this country if they entertain
that doctrine. At the time of the Revolution the
thiee great ecclesiastical bodies of this country,
the Methodist,Presbyterian,and Baptist,uttered
their condemnation of this institution of slavery;
and that opposition has run through nearly all
the ecclesiastical organizations of this country
ever since. They think, whether right or wrong
is not the question, still they believe that the
Bible compels them to entertain that doctiine;
and are you by your legislation or inaction able
to change that opinion?
Not only that, but that great and increasing party
which believes m progressive civilization, and
which has moved over the woild the mighty tide
of which I speak, supported by the mightier
power of religion, is beginning to clearly recog-
nize that there are three great fundamental natural
rights of human society which you cannot take
away without striking a vital blow at the lights of
white men as well as black. They are the rights
of a husband to his wife—the marital relation;
the right of father to his child—the parental rela-
tion; and the right of a man to the personal lib-
erty with which he was endowed by natiue and
by God, and which the best judicial authorities
of England have for a hundred years declared he
could not alienate even by his own consent.
Take away these three great fundamental rights
from any large class of human beings, and then
do you cry " peace," "peace and do you expect
no uswault upon a system which deprives men of
such a class of rights? Sir, you must palsy the
tongue which would speak; you must do more,
you must palsy the hand and the arm which
would strike, or you will never, never, never
have reliable peace in this country while that in-
stitution exists, the perpetual occasion of moral,
intellectual, and physical warfare. I put it then
to gentlemen upon thatside of the House, having
avoided every clement of partisan debate in this
discussion, whether pure reason, and sound pat-
riotism, and just policy, do not require of them
to support this amendment, and allow its sub-
mission to the people of this country. If you de-
sire peace and harmony, you will give the people
of the North and of the South an opportunity to
establish harmonious relations by the expression
of legitimate majorities upon this question. If
you desire perpetual discoid and war, then you
will refuse them the opportunity, and compel the
perpetuation of this institution, with bloodshed
without end in the future, and disunion without
end in the present.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. This question,
Mr. Speaker, has been very thoroughly discussed,
and I-doubt whether it is possible for either side
of the House to advance any new or original
proposition with reference to it. At the last ses-
sion I had the honor to submit my views to the
consideration ofthe House, and to state the reason
why I should vote against the adoption of this
resolution to amend the Constitution. I stated then
that I doubted the power, in this mode, to reach
the object aimed at; and I have listened with a
great deal of interest to the discussion to-day,
particularly that part of it between the gentleman
from Iowa and the gentleman from Indiana, and
I have heard nothing that has m the least altered
or modified the views I expressed at that time.
1 admit, with my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Cox,]
