1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
959
fuel for the protection of these people; and I want
them to be placed upon the same footing as they
would be if they were across the river in the State
of Virginia.
The fifth section of this bill gives to the com-
missioners who are to be appointed under the act
the right to bestow all the lands within the rebel
States upon these colored refugees or freedmen.
Now, I suppose it is known to all the members
of this body that we have in some of those south-
ern States, as Mississippi, Alabama, Louisiana,
and Arkansas, immense tracts of public land.
Under the provisions of this fifth section all of
these publiclands will fall to the colored men,and
there is no provision for that very destitute class
of Union white men of whom we have heard so
much, and of whom 1 am happy to believe there
are many in each of those southern States, who
are left, by this war, in just as unfortunate and
helpless a condition as that in which the colored
men are left. I am not prepared to say by the
passage of this bill that all the lan-ds and all the
abandoned plantations in that country are to be
given, under an act of Congress, simply to the
colored "people, and that the white refugees and
the white Union people residing there, who are in
exactly as destitute a condition as these colored
men, shall not have any advantages.
But, Mr. President, the principal objection I
have to this bill is embraced in the ninth section,
which provides—
That whenever the Commissioner cannot otherwise em-
ploy any of the freedmen who may come under his care,
he shall, as far as piacticablo, make provision (or them
with humane and suitable persons at a just compensation
for their services.
When the amendment out of which this sec-
tion has sprung was before the Senate, which
was proposed by the Senator from West Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Willey,] Ivotedforit. It then pro-
vided that these commissioners might provide
homes for these freedmen, and authorized the
commissioners to open negotiations or corre-
spondence with the Governors and municipal
authorities of the other States in order to accom-
plish that purpose; but that last clausc which au-
thorized them to open correspondence with other
States has been stricken out; the word " homes"
has been stricken out, and the word " provision"
has been inserted. What is meant by the word
"provision?" The Commissioner is to make
provision for these eolored persons, as far as prac-
ticable, 41 with humane and suitable persons."
Who are to determine whether these men are hu-
mane and suitable persons ? The Commissioner,
nobody else. There is no appeal from the Com-
missioner. He shall make provision, for what?
Evidently, for the labor of these freedmen; be-
cause the next clause says, ata just compensa-
tion for their services." Now, 1 should like to
know what there is to prevent one of these com-
missioners making provision for one of these
freedmen by hiring him out for one year. I sup-
pose the Senator from Massachusetts, who has
charge of this bill, would admit he could hire him
out for one year. If he could hire him out for
one year 
Mr. SUMNER. With the consent of the
party, just as the Senator himself might be hired
out for one year with his consent.
Mr. GRIMES. There is no such provision in
the section, unfortunately,for that would remove
many of the objections to it.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon.
If the Senator will allow me I will read the pro-
vision:
And every such freedman shall be treated in all respects
as a free man, with all proper remedies in courts of jus-
tice, and no power or control shall be exercised with regard
to linn except in confoiinity with law.
Mr. GRIMES. That is a very excellentclause,
and a very noble and grand stump speech which
the Senator has injected into one of the sections
of this bill; but it is not in this section, and is
not in the section that relates to the hiring out of
these men.
Mr. SUMNER. It is in the law.
Mr. GRIMES. It is in the law, but relating to
another subject entirely. It is not in this section,
and lias no connection with the hiring out of these
men. I will ask the Senator what section that
clause is in.
Mr. SUMNER. The fourth section, which
lays down the general principles that govern the
whole subject and the treatment of the freedmen.
Every section of the bill is to be interpreted with
reference to that. That is the pole star of the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. The section from which the
Senator has extracted that sentence reads as fol-
lows:
Sec. 4. And be it farther enacted, That the Commis-
sioner shall have the geneial superintendence of all freed-
men throughout the several districts, and he shall watch
over the execution of all laws, proclamation?, and mili-
taiy orders of emancipation, or in any way concerning
freedmen; and he shall establish regulations from time to
time, and cause the same to be enforced, for their needful
and judicious treatment, protecting them in the enjoyment
of their tights, promoting their welfare, and securing to
them and their posterity the blessingsof liberty. And every
such freedman shall be treated in ati respects as afiee man,
with all proper remedies in eouits of justice, and no power
or control shall be exercised with regard to hiin, except in
conformity with law.
" Except in conformity with law;" and now
the Senator in the ninth section provides a law
which authorizes the Commissioner to hire out
these men, and puts no limit upon the time for
which they shall be hired, puts no limit as to the
character of labor they shall perform, does notsay
that they shall be attached to the soil, and thereby
become serfs or not. I say, Mr. President, that,
the argument of the Senator wholly fails him.
The section provides that the freedman shall be
treated exactly " a$ a free man, and no power or
control shall be exercised with regard to him ex-
cept in conformity with law;" and yet the law
provides that the Commissioner may hire him out.
It fixes no limit to the period for which he may
be hired out. It fixes no limit as to the amount
of compensation that he shall receive. It does
not define the character of labor that he shall per-
form.
Now, 1 admit very frankly that if this law was
to be executed by the Senator from Massachu-
setts it would be humanely executed; 1 have no
doubt that if it was to be executed by the men into
whose hands it will at this moment fall, it may be
humanely executed; but how do I know who is
going to execute this law in the future 2 As a
friend of the emancipated slave, I am unwilling
by my vote to place such unlimited power over
him in the hands of anybody.
Mr. President, as 1 said before, that section is
the principal objection that 1 have to the bill.
There are other and minor objections.* 1 do not
for my own part see how the twelfth section is
going to be enforced, which provides:
That all assistant quartermasters, local superintend-
ents, and clerks, as weii as supervising special agents,
shall be so far deemed to be in the militaiy service of the
United Slates as to be liable to trial by eouits-martial or
military commissions, to be ordeicd by the commanding
general of the military department within which they art
as sukjIi assistant commissioner, local supeinitendents,
cleiks^or supervising .special agents.
I do not see myself how a commanding officer
in the department of Tennessee can with any
judgment, or propriety, or discretion, order a
court-martial upon one of the officers created by
this bureau, a civil officer entirely. There may
be some connection between them, in the appre-
hension ofthe Senator from Massachusetts, which
1 do not comprehend; but I confess that it seems
to me it would be extremely anomalous to author-
ize General Thomas, or General Washburne, or
General Hurlbut, or any man who may happen
to be in command of a department or a district
todirecta court-martial or a military commission
upon a man who is not responsible to him at all,
over whom he has no control whatever, who is
not required to report to him, of whose transac-
tions he does not necessarily, nor by law, know
anything whatever.
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator allow me
to remind him here that the clause that he now
criticises was introduced on the motion of the
Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doolittle,] and
had nearly the unanimous vote of the Senate?
There were but a very few dissenting votes. 1
do not remember whether the Senator from Iowa
was present on the occasion, but that is the way
it comes into the bill; and the conference com-
mittee having the subject in charge did not feel
themselves at liberty to drop a section which had
been thus authoritatively introduced into the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. It seems somewhat remark-
able that the conference committee should have
been unwilling to drop so awkward and anoma-
lous a section as that, and yet were willing to
assume the responsibility ,of creating an entirely
independent Department that was not provided
foror contemplated by either of the two Houses
of Congress that appointed the committee. If it
was drawn by the Senator from Wisconsin I can
only say, if he will permit me to say it, that he
drew a very awkward section, and such as can-
not by any possibility, as i understand the mili-
tary organization, be carried out.
Now, Mr. Piesident, 1 find lying upon' my;
table here a very short bill, which puiports to
have been introduced into the House of Repre-
sentatives by the distinguished gentleman, who
is the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs of that House, that very nearly carries
out my views as to what is necessary to be done,
and which I trust will be adopted by both Houses
of Congress this winter, i believe it will ac-
complish precisely what we ought to accomplish.
It will provide not onjy for these freedmen within,
the tebel jurisdiction, but it provides for the
twelve thousand men who are starving here right
under our eyes. I will read it:
An Act to establish, in the War Depaitment, a Bureau for
ttie ltelief of Freedmen and Kefugees.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United Stales of America in Congiexs assembled,
That a buieaube established in the W<u Depaitment, to
continue during the present rebellion, to winch *hail b<?
committed the supervision, management, and control of
ail subjects relating to refugees and freedmen from rebel
State&—
This includes the white as well as the black—
or from any district of country within the territory em-
braced in the operations of the Army, under sueli rules ami
regulations as may be prescribed by the head of the.De-
pal tment arid approved by the President. The said bureau
shall have on« chief, to be appointed by the Piesidtmt, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate, whos>a
compensation shall be $3,000 per annum, and such num-
ber of clerks as may be deemed ueee .-ury by the chiet of
the bureau, and approved by the Seeietary <*f War, not ex-
ceeding two of the tourth class, two ofthe third class, three
of the second class, and five of the first class.
Sec. 2. Awl be it further enacted. That the President may
assign to such buieau,for the benefit of said refugees and
freedmen, the temporary use ot such abandoned lands and
tenements in lnsuirectionary States, not belonging to loyal
owners, as may be necest-aiy, and may direct such issues
of provisions, clothing, and luel as he may deem neediul
for the immediate and temporary shelter and supply of des-
titute and suffering refugees and freedmen and then wives
and children, under such rules and regulations as he may
direct.
Sec. 3. And he it further enacted, Thatall laws and parts
of laws conflicting herewith are hereby repealed.
Now, sir, if it were possible, 1 would move that
bill which 1 find upon my table as a substitute
for the report of the committee of confervijce.
We know what this means. The language that
is used in this bill has received legal construction.
We know at its passage precisely what it will do.
We know exactly what the expense of it will be.
Has the Senator from Massachusetts ever calcu-
lated what will be the expense of the Fieedmen's
Bureau, and the officers that will be created under
U by this bill of the committee of conference? I
have not any time to do it, and 1 do not know
that 1 am capable of doing it, but I imagine it will
be enormous. The bill which 1 have just read is
one that we can all understand. It is one that
will accomplish what! desire to accomplish ia
connection with freedmen and refugees.
But, Mr. President, I only rose to state in as
few words as I could why I cannot consent to
concur with the committee, and with probably
the mujoiity of the Seriate, m voting for this bill,
i am content to-night to record my vote even
against a bill in behalf of freedmen. I am unwill-
ing to say that colored men who are emancipated
under our laws, under our military control, and
by the President's pioclamation, shall be placed
in such an attitude as I think they are capable
of being placed in by the ninth section of this bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I propose to vote for this
measure, although I confess there is something
about it which is not exactly as I would have u ;
and 1 only desire to make this remaik because
the time may come in a year or two when 1 shall
perhaps be glad to puisue the measure thaf f
would pursue now if the bill was susceptible of
an amendment. What I object to is that this
measure has a look of permanency about it as if
we were about to organize a Department of the
Government to continue for all time to come.
For twenty-five years I have maintained lit thia
country everywhere that the negioes could take
care of themselves. 1 have lived upon the border
and seen them emancipated. I have seen thou-
sands of colored and white refugees corning into
my State, and i say here distinctly that the col-
ored people are able to take care of themselves
