960
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLGB$.
February 21.
and find their places and adapt themselves to their
new condition easier "and quicker than the poor
■white refugees who are driven out of the border
States. Any race of men that can adapt them-
selves to slavery can very soon adapt themselves
to freedom. What I object.to is that this bill
looks as if we were to "enter upon an established
system of administration upon this question as a
department of the Government for all time to
come. 1 want the men who take office under this
fcill, if it becomes a law, to understand that it is
only a temporary measure, i do not propose
to listen to their communications a year from
now,in which they will undertake to convince the
Senate and the country that everything depends
on their continuing in office, and that these freed-
men are never to be thrown upon their own re-
sources, but are always to be held up and sus-
tained by a Department of this Government. I
am willing that this report shall be adopted; I am
anxious indeed that it shall be adopted as a tem-
porary measure, to take them by the hand for
one year, perhaps, while they are marching out of
their prtson-house into the light of freedom. 1
am willing to sustain them by means of this char-
acter for six months or a year, temporarily. My
objection, as I have said, is that this measure
seems to look as if we were to enter upon a sys-
tem by which we were to conduct this Department
of the Government, as we have other Departments
of the Government, for long years to come. I
am looking for a speedy return of the colored
population of this country to freedom and to talc-
ing care of themselves and adapting themselves
to that condition; and all I think the exigencies
of the case demand is some temporary expedient
for a year or two.
Mr, SUMNER. I content myself with asking
the vote.
Mr SPRAGUE. I am opposed to this meas-
ure if I can procure for the colored man the elect-
ive franchise. When a man can vote, he needs
no special legislation in his behalf. The Freed-
*nen*s Department, as proposed by the bill under
discussion, uncoupled with the rights and privi-
leges of free men for the colored men, in my opin-
ion will illustrate history in the style that the In-
dian Bureau illustrates the beginning and end of
the Indian1. Sir, lam for perpetuating all races
of men.
u What n piece of wmk U a man ! flow noble In reason!
How infiiim? in (acuities! Iu form, anil moving, liovv «x-
pre.-is;uiU admirable I in action Jmvv liku an angel! In
uppi'dum.xioD; how like u god J"
Sir, ( am for nil racesof men. I do not believe
tlmt it is necessary to secure the prosperity of one
l-aoo that another should be destroyed. I fear
that the bill under discussion will destroy the
negro race in this country. I know that its ad-
vocates have no such desire. Gentlemen desire
to do the beat that can be done for this unfortu-
nate race. But, Mr. President, comnromises of
principle here, as everywhere, are "dangerous,
i'liere is no necessity to compromise this ques-
tion at this time. Those who advocate tins bill
upon humane principles should insist upon giving
to this race the rights of freemen, and should
never—no, never—accept anything less. Those
who advocate the bill upon political theories
should never consent that the only representatives
of tiue loyalty in the South, the colored men,
should be placed inside of a bureau to be cheated
by the mercenary, or driven from the soil by then-
old masters, their most deadly enemies mall con-
ditions except that of slavery.
If, sir, 1 cannot obtain for freedmen the privi-
leges of such, I will give my vote for the proposi-
tion, but I must yive it under protest, 1 give it,
believing that the death I inflict is one that is pro-
longed instead of instantaneous—slow torture 
by voting for the proposition, ending in death,
instead of instantaneous death withoutthis bill—
results that will always occur by refusing to be
ju*t. I desire that those who advocate this bill
will Stop here and spend their time and talent in
demanding for the negro race all the rights antt
privili'gps of freedom. Do this, and no Freed-
men « bureau is at all necessary.
I o be technical, I object to the bill because it
creates a Department. { desire that that feature
snail be changed; ond I hope that my suggestions
will influence those who have charge of this bill
The Constitution of th* United States permits the
President of the United States to obtain, upon all
questions that he may desire, opinions from the
heads of Departments. You here constitute a De-
partment of this Government, and" make the head
of that Department a Cabinet officer. You have
one Department of Agriculture; and Senators have
undoubtedly been impressed with the idea from
the head of that Department of the importance
ofhis becoming a part of the Government, of his
becoming one of the Cabinet. It will not be long
before the head of the Freedmen's Bureau will
demand admittance under the Constitution as be-
ing one of the chief advisers of the President. I
object, therefore, to the increase ofDepartments,
upon the ground that we have Cabinet ministers
sufficient to carry on the work and business of this
Government.
Having made my point here in the beginning
of this bill, I desire to go a step further than I am
warranted. I desire to make two points: first,
that the results of the present war, to be made
valuable, require that those who have aided in our
success should reap all the rewards of that suc-
cess. No State must again be admitted into the
Union that does not agree to protect those who
have defended the flag and have been loyal to the
Union; because, under the amnesty proclama-
tion, as soon as peace is declared, the rebels will
resume their original power, and crush out the
Union loyal men, white and black, who have been
opposed to them. The only safety to the Gov-
ernment is that all men who have been loyal shall
have all the protection of the Union Government
and all the rights of free men. The governments
of the States in rebellion have been destroyed.
There is only the record left—a record beginning
in constitutional fealty and ending in treason to
the Government and solemn obligations. The
amnesty proclamation requires conditions for the
individual to become a citizen. All I desire is
that, in admitting these States into the Electoral
College, conditions shall be required, and those
conditions are that the State governments shall
have esystence only through the admitted right
of the negro to a part in those governments, as
being the most loyal element therein. The soldier-
must be protected, whether he be white or black;
and-because he is not able to protect himself, be-
cause all the -money and privileges and influence's
of the worFd are against him, I desire his advance-
ment and his protection.
1 object to this bill because 1 feel that the in-
terest both of the colored and white men will be
prejudiced by its influence. Let us refuse ad-
mittance to every rebel State unless the privilege
of the elective franchise is granted to the colored
man. I believe the future permanency of this
Government depends upon this, and 1 believe
those who have fought this war have no safety
and security without it. I am therefore opposed
to this bill, because I fear the object desired by
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts will
not be obtained by the bill; and I hope it will be
postponed.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us have the question on
the report.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move that the report
be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. WILSON. On that motion I ask for the
yeaa and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will make an inquiry
of the Chair. If it were possible in any way to
consider the bill in a legislative way, { would
move to postpone it to a day certain during this
session, but i believe it is beyond the control of
the Senate to make any amendments to it
. The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Powell
m the chair.) In the opinion of the Chair, the
report must be considered in its entirety, and no
amendment can be made to it. The question is
on the indefinite postponement of the report.
Mr. HENDRICKS, i wiil ask if the report
can be recommitted.
Mr. SUMNER. It cannot.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not see why. I'
ask the Chair. It is a report from a committee
on the part of the Senate.
Mr. JTRUMRULL. If the Senator from In-
diana will allow me, we can reject it and then call
for a new committee of conference. If we reject
the report it comes to the same thing as recom-
mitting it, for then we could ask for another com-
mittee of conference.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The only way
to reach the object of the Senator from Indiana,
in the opinion of the Chair, would be to disagree
to the report and ask for another committee of
conference. That can be done.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I move to reject
the report, and withdraw the motion to postpone
it indefinitely.
Mr. SUMNER. That is the original question,
on concurrence with the report of the committee.
If the Senate non-concurs with the report of the
committee then the question will be open of com-
municating with the other House and asking for
another committee of conference. 1 think, there-
fore, the question had better be taken, as is cus-
tomary on the reports of committees of conference,
will the Senate concur with the report of the
committee? If the Senate do not concur, then the
proposition of the Senator from Indiana can be
made.
Mr. CONNESS. Itmustbe apparent of course
to the Senator from Indiana that if there is aclear
majority of the Senate in favor of accepting the
report, they will vote against thejndeflnite post-
ponement.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have withdrawn that
motion.
Mr. CONNESS. Then let us come to a vote.
Mr. WILSON. On the question of concur-
rence 1 ask for the yeas and nays,and let us have
a test question.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senate is not full;
this is an important measure; it is desirable to
have a full Senate when the vote is taken; I sup-
pose the discussion is ended; and as this will be
the unfinished business for to-morrow, 1 move
that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. SUMNER. Oh, no; let us have a vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to adjourn, which is not debat-
able.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope we shall not adjourn.
I call for the yeas and nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will withdraw the mo-
tion for the purpose of allowing the Senator from
Iowa to submit another motion.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that this bill be post-
poned until to-morrow, until there is a full Senate.
1 do not recognize the propriety of this Senate
being forced to take this particular measure in
place of any other measure that may be proposed
upon so importantaquestion as this. I believe that
when there is a full Senate here a vast majority of
the body will indicate their opinion in favor of
some provision for'the government and protec-
tion of freedmen and refugees; but I believe that
the sentiment of this body is against this measure
as it stands. I want, therefore, a fair vote in a
full Senate to-morrow on this subject,and let us
have a new committee of conference if the senti-
ment of the Senate be as'I think it is, and then we
can have such a bill as will meet our approbation
and meet the approbation of our constituents.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I gee there is a determina-
tion not to come to a vote on this bill to-night,
and there are several bills which have come from
the Committee on the Judiciary that I am sure
the Senator from Massachusetts will not object
to; I therefore move to postpone the pending and
all prior orders and take up House bill No. 692,
in reference to prosecutions for libel in the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
The question being put on the motion of Mr.
Trumbull, there were, on a division—ayes 11 
noes 12; no quorum voting.
Mr. WRIGHT. 1 move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. WILSON and Mr. CONNESS called for
the yeas and nays, and they weie ordered; and
being taken, resulted—yeas 9, nays 17;as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Dixon, Giimes, Hatlan, Hendricks,
b«n—9°f Imiiana> Poweih Ramsey, Sprague, and Trum-
NAYS — Messrs. Brown, Buekalew, Chandler, Clark,
c1(Jn"ess  Faiwell, Howatd, Lane of Kansas, Morgan, Mor-
rilt, ]\ye, Pomeroy, Sherman, Stewart, Sumner, Wade, ana
Wilson—] 7.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Carlllp, Coliamer, Cowan,
Davis, Oooluiie, Foot, Poster, Hale, Harding Harris, Hen-
derson, 1-Iovve, Johnson, McDougaU, Nesmith, Richardson,
SftuWwry, Ten Eyck, Van Winkle, Wilkinson,
WiHey, and Wright—24.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. GRIMES. I renew my motion to
pone the further consideration of this subject
until to-morrow.
