1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
195
ditions of that kind; nor do I believe that the
confederate government would accept the recog-
nition of their independence by any European
Power, if based upon the abolition of slavery
without the consent of the States and the people
thereof.
Mr. Speaker, I had hoped that at this session
of Congress there would exist a condition of pub-
lic affairs that would bring about certain peace
and Union; that these measures of aggression
against the southern States would no longer have
necessity or palliation. I had hoped that this
Government would entertain propositions which
have been made for a cessation of hostilities and
the restoration of this Union upon the basis of
the existing Constitution.
But, sir, I have been disappointed. There is
no disposition to heal this quarrel at all. There
is no disposition on thepartof the party tn power
to restoie the Union upon the basis of the old
order of things.
1 can only say further, Mr. Speaker, that I
shall vote against this resolution. I shall vote
against it because it is not within the power of
Congiess to pass it. I shall vote against it because
it is unwise, impolitic at this time, if yve could
pass it legally. I shall vote against it because it
is another step toward the eternal separation of
the two sections. 1 shall vote against it because
it would be no advantage to the negro if success-
ful. I shall vote against it becausc it is an im-
proper intermeddling with the domestic affairs of
others. I shall vote against it because I want to
remove every obstacle to the peaceful solution of
this great question; I want to alleviate the condi-
tion of the South as well as the North; I want to
discontinue these controversies and struggles now
pending between men who but yesteiday were
fellow-citizens of the same great country, with
the same constitutional rights and piivileges. 1
shall vote against it because I would leave to
every State and every political community the
entire control of their own domestic affairs. I
shall vote against it because I want to preserve
the essence of our constitutional liberties.
I want to continue this as a Republic. I want
to disseminate power from this central point in-
stead of conccntrating it here. I want to pre-
serve the limitations of the Constitution and of
the Government, as originally constructed, in the-
ory as well as in letter and spirit, that we shall
not interfere with the relation of master and slave
any moie than between husband and wife.
1 want to allay this excitement. I do not be-
lieve slavery has had anything to do with it. I
know that at the North slavery is obnoxious to
the people. I know that the sentiment there is
against the existence of slavery upon the conti-
nent of America. But there are evilsatthe North
which I should like to see exterminated. There
are evils every where, amongevery people inevery
part of the woiltl;and before we assume the right
to do away with theewlsof our neighbors we
ought to do that which is right ourselves.
We are in a war, a terrible civil conflict. Those
who believe that it is near its termination are m
error, because after you have abolished the armies
of the rebels there is power of resistance left among
the people inhabiting that vast terntory which
will make it necessary to have a standing army
upon every square mile to retain it. You will
have not only to conquer, but keep conquered.
It is not only necessary to conquer their armies,
to depiive them of the power of tesistancc, but,
in order to preserve the essence of our Govern-
ment, you must conquer their hearts. You must
get t heir assent or you must hold them in subjuga-
tion, and when you do that we will have ceased to
have a republican form of government.
1 want to restore this Union. Under no circum-
stances 1 repeat, would I consent to disunion.
But, sir, to restore the Union you must accom-
pany the Army with the olive-branch. You must
learn fiom General Sheiman, who has done more
to conquer the people of Georgia by kindness
than ten thousand triumphant armies marching
thiough that State could do. It is only by con-
ciliation and kindness that we can conquer the
rebels. Reverse the picture: suppose we were in
rebellion against them, how long would we resist
an attempt to subjugate us and control our domes-
tic relations? They are as brave a people, as
generous a people, and as noble a people as our-
selves, and as such it is wisdom to treat them.
The Republican position for forcible abolition is
illogical, because when their slaves are freed by
this mode you have enslaved the master. One
follows as the consequence of the other. I say
you must hold them in bondage before you can
accomplish your purpose in this way. What is
the distinction? a distinction withoutadifference.
I should be loth to say here that forcible emanci-
pation is the result of wickedness alone, but I will
say it is a combination of wickedness and folly.
We want the Union; we want these States back
again; we want to see these men represented upon
this floor; we want them to obey the laws and the
Constitution; admitting they have committed a
wicked folly in attempting to rebel.
" To err is human : to forgive, divine
and it is only, in my judgment, by conciliation,
by affording them cvety guaianteeof the Consti-
tution andevery privilege under the Constitution,
that we can bring that people back again with us
to live under one common Government, recogniz-
ing one common Constitution, one common head,
and one common flag.
Mr. ELDIUDGE. I have not designed to
make a speech upon this resolution, and 1 do
not expect to do so now. All I shall say will be
little more, perhaps, than a statement of some
of the leasons why I cannot support this leaolu-
tion.
The Government of the United States is one of
limited and defined powers, it possesses the pow-
ers, and only the powers, granted to it through the
Federal Constitution. All other governmental
powers, all the powers not enumerated, are re-
served to the States or the people thereof. I have
not been satisfied, I am not convinced by any of
the arguments made upon this question, that the
power has been eonfei led upon the General Gov-
ernment, or that it can be by the proposed amend-
ment, to control, regulate, or interfere with the
internal and domestic affairs of the States. Ican-
not believe that the frameis of our Constitution
intended to or did place a minority of one fourth
of the States of this Union in a position to be
stripped of all their rights of property at the
pleasure of the other three fourths. The power
of amendment as conferred through the Consti-
tution can, as it seems to me, extend only to mat-
ters in which the States have a common interest.
It is one of the reserved lights of the States under
their own State constitutions to regulate, control,
and manage their local and peculiar interests in
their own way.
This, it seems to nie, was so understood by
the patty now urging the passage of the resolu-
tion under consideration. At the tune of Mr.
Lincoln's nomination,the convention nominating
him unanimously, I believe, adopted this lesolu-
tion;
" iLCsoZi'ccf/riiat the maintouanee Inviolate of the rights of
the especially the light of each fcjtato lo otdei and
contioi it* own domestic in-uuinon^ aecouling to its own
judgment cxeliwvely, is et--.ei.tial to that balance of power
on which the perfection and endurance of our political
labile depend."
The lights of the States and each State to con-
trol its domestic institutions is essential to the
balance of power on which the perfection and en-
durance of our political fabric depend. Would
not this amendment destroy that balance of power?
Do not the endurance and perfection of the Re-
public depend as much upon the pieservation of
that balance of power now as it did when at his
inauguration Mr. .Lincoln 44 icitorated" the senti-
ments of that resolution, and claimed that it was
a law for himself and his party?
But, sir, I could not myself at this time vote
for this resolution if I did hot doubt the power
to amend the Constitution in the particular pro-
posed. I do not " deem it necessary'' or wise in
an hour like this to change so essentially and rad-
ically our Constitution ot government. However
gentlemen may entutain sentiments of revenge
toward voluntary rebels, it is not now pretended
by any that all of the people of the rebellious
States are guilty of lebclhon. It isnnjust and cruel
to the innocent and tiue men in those States. It
is taking advantage of a state of tilings, whten
neither they nor we can pievent to overihiow
without the consent or cooperation of those to be
affected by it most, one of tin >r constitutional and
cherished institutions. it is vei ifying one of the
first and most powerful at laments for secession,
that the m>ituein States were only waiting for the
power and opportunity to destroy all their rights
of property and person. Sir, it will furnish the
rebel leaders another argument by which to win
the doubting and to arouse the lukewarm; it will
aid them in raising other armies to fight against
the Union; it will enable them to prolong this
bloody and terrible war by embittering and in-
tensifying the hatred of these people against the
abolitiomzed North; it will destroy the confi-
dence of the Union men in those States in the
good fa^h and candor of those who pledged them
that the only purpose and desire of the party in
power was to restore the Union and reestablish
the supremacy of the Constitution of our fathers;
it will demand the blood of thousands mj&r« of
the young men of this country and pile upon our-
selves and our children a still weightier burden of
debt and taxation. Finally, it will, in my judg-
ment, if that be possible, putin greater danger the
ultimate restoration of peace and the Union, and
weaken, if it does not destroy, all faith in the safety
arid stability of republican constitutional govern-
ment.
Sir, I have no sympathy with the institution
of slavery, powerful as it nwiy have been in the
past; between Jeff. Dayis struggling to save his
neck and Mr. Lfncoln to build his empire, it
seems to be doomed. At all events, the vast Army
and Navy of the United States are pledged by their
Commander-in-Chief to its overthrow. Every
day the conflict of war is trenching in upon its
dominion, and if it wertf to fall m a legitimate
struggle to put down rebellion and restore the
Union, I shall not be one of its mourners. 1 have
not lost my revcrencefor the Constitution, i re-
member it still as the handiwork of Washington
and his compatriots. I cannot forget the solemn
awe and earnest solicitude with which they ap-
proached, considered, and perfected that immortal
monument of human wisdom. I cannot forbear
to warn this House that the spirit and temper
which pervaded that august body should fill the
minds and hearts of those who attempt or dare
to remodel it. Whenever that sacred instrument
must be altered, let it he done in the spirit of
kindness and in fraternal love to every portion of
our country and toward all the people who are
to live underit. Let peace once more come to this
bleeding, mourning country, and then with the
love that animated thegreat heart of Washington
invite ail who can be forgiven the part they have
taken in this most unfortunate struggle to join in
amending, if necessary, the law which all must
rcverenco and love who can endure to live under
it. But I conjure you to let the wail of the dead and
dying pass, let the smoke of battle clear away,
let peace and the Union be restored, let reason
again assume her dominion before another revo-
lution shall be inaugurated. Tear not the work
of our fathers asunder in passion, stain not the
charter of our Union and liberties, framed by
them, with their children's hands reeking with
their children's blood.
Mr. KING. Mr. Speaker, in contemplating
the rise, the prog-iess, and rapid development of
the grandest system of government ever yet de-
vised, 1 am led to reflect upon its present condi-
tion,and,if possible, to raise myself for a moment
above the raging elements now threatening its ex-
istence, and to see if there is anything in the future
winch can be done, and which has not been done,
to allay these elements of strife, and oncc more
restore to remvi^oratcd life the Union of these
States.
FormypartI aver, as I haveeveraverred,that
if anything has been left undone which might now
be done, which shall restore to us the unity of
power, the blessings of peace, and the glorious
promises of future we once enjoyed, then that
needful thing lam prepared now to do.
In considering the subject now before the
Mouse, 1 recognise in it the fruition of the dis-
tuibanccs of the last thirty years. By these
amendments the promised fiuits of the aboli-
tion of slavery are sought to he realized. If the
union of the States is to be maintained thereby; if
thereby peace and prosperity are to be restored
to the land of Washington, Jefferson, Madison,
and Jackson; if sectional animosities are to be
allayed; if ihereby treason is to be foiled or pun-
ished; if the cause of human progress is to b<a
promoted; if, in a word, all the best interests of
our common country arc to be promoted by these
amendments, I am prepared now, as I have eye?
