1'865.
THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Senator himself, just as free to make a contract
to ilie right or the left as the_ Senator from Mis-
souri. It is only if he stands in need of it that
he may claim that aid.
Mr. HENDERSON. Let me call the Senator's
attention to the fact that this is made a duty. If
my proposition be truerthat these negroes can take
care of'themselves, why the necessity of tjiisaid?
I want to disabuse any prejudice in'the Senator's
mind on that subject; he has heard so long from
slave-masters that negroes cannot taTce care of
themselves that it has really fastened itself on
Ills brain.. I say they can do so, I always told
the Senator they'could take care "of themselves.
I have never been of a different opinion. Turn
loose the negroes in this country and let them take
care of themselves. Take the letter " d" out of
that word " freedmen," leave them to be " free-
men" and not " freedmen"—i do not like the
term; let the " d" be dropped from it. I am op-
posed to keeping up the idea that these negroes
when they have been turned free are to have guard-
ians, supervisors, superintendents, and commis-
sioners to take charge of them.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Overseers.
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, " overseers," for
they are nothing else. I would say that the terms
here used are but another name for overseer.
Now, let us look at another provision of this
bill. It is not made the duty of the negroes to
take charge of the abandoned farms in the South.
"The Senator says that if these negroejs can take
care of themselves they will be just as free as I
am. The Senator is mistaken. Why does he
make it the duty of these officers to take charge
of all the lands in the southern States? Why not
let the negroes go and take charge of them them-
selves? I ask the Senator now, and I ask for an
answer, is it possible for a single negro to get
possession of a home after the appointment of
these superintendents, unless it be their free will
to put him upon the land> The superintendents
that you send there are to seize on all the aban-
doned lands.
Let us look at this vast machine. A Department
is to be established, with a Commissioner at its
head at a salary of §4,000. There is to be a chief
clerk, at a salary of §2,000, and then two clerks
of each class, costing $12,000. We are to create
two districts in each State, at the head of which
is to be an assistant commissioner, making twenty-
two assistant commissioners at $2,500 each, or
$55,000. Each assistant commissioner is to ap-
point four superintendents for his district, making
eighty-eight superintendents at $1,500 each, mak-
ing $132,000; and all this expense is provided for
to begin with.
These superintendents are to take charge of
all the abandtyied lands in the southern States,
and not a negro can go and make a home upon
them without their consent. Now, I venture to
predict that after the machinery of this Depart-
ment is put into full operation in the southern
States, and this vast number of clerks and super-
intendents shall have been appointed, there will
be a system of fraud and swindling that will
astound the Senator from Massachusetts. He
does not dream that he is building up the ma-
chinery of a vast system of fraud and oppression
throughout the southern States, but I feel very
well satisfied that such will be the case.
The bill says that these superintendents shall
take possession of the land and have charge of it.
No negro can go and take possession of lands and
cultivate them himself. Let me tell the Senator
that the negro would be much better off without
these superintendents. The negro knows how to
cultivate the cotton lands of the South much better
than the gentlemen who will be sent down there
as superintendents. The negro understands the
mode of cultivation infinitely better than the men
who will be sent there to superintend his labor.
Why then will you have them to direct the negro
iri the "application" of his labor? He knows
how to apply his labor just as well as the super-
intendents who will be sent there, and who never
saw a cotton plant in their lives.
But what else is there ? If the lands and other
property shall not be required for the freedmen,
the officers may rent or lease them to other per-
sons. It is also provided that all contracts of
the freedmen are to be in writing. The Senator
from Massachusetts knows very well that when
4 contract is once reduced to writing the writing
itself is the evidence of the contract and no oral
testimony can be taken against it. Does he not
know that nine tenths of the negroes of the south-
ern States cannot read arid write? Arid if these
superintendents are permitted to superintend every
contract and to make contracts for the negroes, as
they will do, does be not know that it will be
utterly impossible for the negro in any court of
justice anywhere to introduce testimony outside
of the contract? These con tracts, will be made
by dishonest superintendents again and again in
order to benefit themselves and to rob the .negro
of the earnings of his labor. Such will be the
fact; and the Senator from Massachusetts in less
than two years from to-day will discover that what
I say is true;
Mr. President, I am not going to take up the
time of the Senate. 1 have said enough to show
that this bill ought not to be adopted. That noth-
ing should be adopted, I am not prepared to say;
but my opinion is that no bill of this character
ought to be adopted. The President of the Uni-
ted States has issued a proclamation freeing the
slaves. We regard that proclamation as binding,
and consider that the slaves in all the seceded
States are free; but if that be not the fact, the
constitutional amendment that will soon become
a part of the Constitution does make them free;
and I undertake to say that it will be the settled
policy.of this country in the future to regard the
negroes as free; and not only will they be re-
f arde«l as free by the men of the loyal States, but
tell you they are now being regarded as free
even by the bitterest of the secessionists of the
South. Sir, it cannot be avoided; they will be
free; and I say the better policy is to regard them
as free, have it understood that we ourselves re-
gard them as freemen, and that they are to be
treated as such upon every occasion, and that
they need no guardians, no superintendents, no
overseers. Sir, if we adopt this policy freedom
will become a fixed fact in the country, and I
urge upon the Senator from Massachusetts not-
to insist upon the passage of this bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask for a vote at once."
Mr. HENDRICKS. . I have no objection to
the Senator from Massachusetts having a vote
when the Senate is full, but this is a very import-
ant measure not only in its effect upon the colored
race but upon the tax payers of the North. I
think, sir, for the last three years quite enough
has been done by Congress in the way of creat-
ing offices for men who seek office that they may
make a living off the public. Now, sir, when
we come to establish a Department of this Gov-
ernment, and the vote of the Senate is insisted
upon on it, the Senate ought to be full, and I do
not think the chairman o^ the committee, be he'
ever so earnest in favor of his measure, has a
right to demand a voteat this late hour of aday's
session of the Senate. The. Senator sees that
there are very many Senators who are not here.
If his bill is light lie need not be afraid to submit
it to the judgment of a.full Senate. If liis bill is
wrong, it ought not to be supported, it ought to
be defeated.
Mr. President, I believe the construction of the
Senator from Iowa is right; but suppose it be not
right, it is the judgment of a very distinguished
Senator, and that judgment is sustained by the
judgment of other Senators, thatthis bill, instead
of making the colored people.of the South freed-
men makes them slaves, places them not under
the control of masters whose interest it is to pro-
vide for them, but,under the control of officers'
whose interest it may be to make money out of
their labor. The Senator who has charge of this
bill was not able to meet the argument of the
Senator from Iowa, as I thought. Not that he
lacks the ability to do so; we all concede his
ability; but that the position of the Senator from
Iowa was so strong ihat it could not be shaken.
In one clause of the bill the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts provides that these people shall be con-
sidered as freemen, and shall be treated according
to law, and then provides that an army of officers
shall have the control and custody of them. What
does the ninth section mean if it does not mean
what the Senator from Iowa has said it means?
What is the purpose of the bill? What is the
object of all this-? Nothing, or something. If it
means something, it means what the Senator says
it means. If it means nothing, we ought not to
have a Department established; we ought not to
fill the land with officers to be supported by a
burdened people. The Senator from Iowa insists
that it means that these persons are to be placed
under the control and guardianship of.a.n jjrrayi
of office-holders. The language is plain, as I con-
ceive,, that " whenever,the Commissioner can-
not otherwise employ ,any of the freedmen who
may come under his. care he shall, so far as prac-
ticable, make provision for them with hurriatie
and suitable person's, at a just compensation for
their services." The Senator from MassatUti-
setts says that meafis if the colored people are'lsrtll-
ing to do it. If it all depends on their pleasure,
why pass ihe bill ? If the judgment off, the negro
overrides the judgment of the officer, we; do not
need the, bill. If the colored persons are to be en-
tirely free to work for whom they please, and at
such wages as they please, why appoint a man
to hire them out? If this man cannot hire them
out, if this law does not give him the power to do
it except with the consent of the riegro—in other
words, if the negro down South' is to make 1118
own bargain, what is the purpose of a Govern-
ment officer to'make a bargain for him ? If the
officer is to consult the colored person in advance
and get his consent to the bargain, then let the
colored man make his own contract. If he is free*
he makes his own contracts. If he is a slave, I
prefer that he should be a slave under the con-
trol of a person who is interested to look after
him.
Mr. President, I ask Senators to look into what
a state of facts may occur under this bill. You
appoint a Commissioner; the Senator says he
will be an honest man. 'He may bean honest
man, but all officers are not honest. Suppose you
appoint n man to take charge of these colored
people in the South who is not honest, who seeks
to make gain, not for himself it may be, but for
liis relatives, his friends, men whom he wishes
to make rich, and they go down with him and
this officer hires out these colored people to the
men'whom he wishes to provide for and to accom-
modate; and ill (hat way the most odious system
of slavery that is possible may spring up.
But, Mr. President, I do not intend to discuss
this bill further. I thmk we ought to have a vote
when the Senate is full. I do not believe this bill
is the judgment of the Senate. It has not come
here, as I esteem it, according to the usages of
legislation. It isa bill brought in hereby a com-
mittee of conference, and we are compelled to
vote for it or against it without the power of
amendment. It is a system of legislation that we
ought not to encourage. It may hit us sometime
when we do not want this kind of legislation.
Sometime a committee of conference may be ap-
pointed by this body and by the other branch of
Congress and bring in a report that is entirely
opposed to the sentiment ofthe body in many of
its'details; and yet we have to vote upon it as an
entirety, for or against it, without the power of
amendment. We ought to stand strictly by the
usage which allows a committee of conference
only to report upon questions of disagreement.
The Senator from Connecticut [Mr. Foster}
has just suggested that ifl give way he will move
an adjournment. I do not intend to discuss the
bill any further.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope, then, we may have a
vote to-night.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I would go any extent
to accommodate the Senator from Massachusetts;
1 would be willing to stay here all night myself;
but I am not willing that so importanta measure
as this, a measure establishing a new Department
of Government, giving a power that I do not think,
under the Constitution, we have a right to give,
shall be voted upon by so thin a Senate; but if the
Senator wishes to make a motion to adjourn, I
will yield for that purpose.
Mr. WILSON. We have not got a quorum.
Mr. SPRAGUE. 1 move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. CONNESS called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken,resulted
—yeas 13, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—I)uck:dcw, Connors, Doolittlc, Foster,
Gume-", Iludan, [lymletxm, Hendricks, Ilowe, L aue ot
rntliuna. Povvt-H, Spi<uctic, and Wri£jht—13.
NAYS—Brown, Cli-nuiU-r, Clark, Farwoll,
Howaid. Lane of Kan^a:-, Nye, rftewuu, tSum.icr, Wade,
and VViWoh—11.
ABSENT—Missis. Anthony, Garble, Collamer, Cowan,-
Davis, Dixon, Foot, Hale, Harding* Harris, Johnson,
