964
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Febauary 21,
McDousall, Morgan,Morrill, Nesmlth, Pomcroy, Ramsey,
Richardson, Riddle, Salisbury, Sherman', Ten Eyck, Trum-
Ml, Van Winkle, Wilkinson, aixrWilley—28.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.   
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 21, 1865.
The House metateleve.n o'clockia. m. Prayer
by Rev. John Thrush, of Washington, District
of Columbia.
The Journal of yesterday was read andapproved.
RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. WILSON. I ask leave to have printed
a substitute for a bill (H.R. No. 740) to establish
the supremacy of the Constitution in the insur-
rectionary States, which will be reported from
the Commitiee on the Judiciary to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. KASSON. I ask leave to report from the
Committee of Ways and Means an amendment to
t oe resolution establishing a Public PrintingOffice.
The joint resolution was read at length. It au-
thorizes the Superintendent of Public Printing to
purchase paper, either by contract or in the open
market, at prices not exceeding current rates, as
may be most advantageous to the United States,
subject to the same rules and regulations as now
apply to contracts.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. I would
ask file gentleman from Iowa why that resolution
Bhould not be referred to the Committee on Print-
ing.
Mr. KASSON. I would say to the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Baldwin] that this
matter came before the Committee of Ways and
Means in connection with the appropriation for
that office, and it was found necessary to amend
the law in this way to complete the legislationm
relation lo that office. The Superintendent of
Public Printing is now required to contract for
paper for the entire year, without any statement
of the quantity. The quantity required, how-
ever, is so large that the greater number of the
paper manufacturers of this country cannot enter
into the competition, their capacity not being
equal to the entire amount required. The result
has been to diminish competition, and seriously
enlarge the expendituies of the office in that re-
spect.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. I have
no question but some modification of the existing
law in regard to these contracts should be made.
But this is a matter of much importance, and as
the whole matter of printing is one to which the
Committee on Printing naturally gives more at-
tention, probably, than any other committee of the
House, 1 should prefer to have this joint resolu-
tion go to the Commiitee on Printing.
Mr. ICASyON. The time is very short for the
consideration of this matter. It has received the
apmova of the Superintendent ofPublic Printing.
• i ,L D WIN, of Massachusetts. I think
it should receive the approval of the Committee
on I noting. I must object to this joint resolu-
tion, unlesslit goes to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. itAbbON. I have no wish to take uway
the examination of any proper subject from the
Committee on Printing. I ihmk it is important
that t.na should be passed this session. If the
gentleman insists upon it, I will ask to have it
referred to the Committee on Printing.
The joint resolution was read a first and second
lime, and referred to the Committee on Printing.
LOAN BILL.
Mr, STEVENS. I ask leave to report from
the Committee of Ways and Means a loan bill
oemga bill to provfde ways and means for the
support of the Government.
1. he bill was read at length. It provides for the
issuing of five-forty bonds, to an amount not ex-
ceeding $600,000,000, with interest in gold at six
°r m 'awM currency at S(=ven and three
tenths per cent, pep annum.
•HiUltiff/'fVErls" 1 nIso ask ieave to rep°rt a
X, from tiie minority of the Commi ttee of
Ways and Means for the b"u just read
1 he substitute was read at length. It provides
for the issuing of ten-forty bonds to an amount
not exceeding MIX!1,000,000, with interest in kw-
^ currency ,a£ eight per cent, per annum,
Mr. STEVENS. I ask that the bill and sub-
stitute be printed,arid made thespecial order for
consideration in the House on Thursday next,
arid from day to day until completed.
Mr. HOLMAN.  I shall have no objection if
it is considered in the House subject to the same
rules in regard to debate, &c., as are applicable-
to the Committee of the Whole.
The motion of Mr. Stevens was agreed to.
CHIEF OF STAFF FOR GENERAL GRANT.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to provide for a chief of staff to
the Lieutenant General commanding the armies
of the United States; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
CHEROKEE INDIANS.
Mr. BOYD presented the memorial of the prin-
cipal chief and others of the Cherokee nation,
asking for the payment of interest, &c.; which
was ordered to be printed, and referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. COLE, of California. I desire to call up
the motion to reconsider the vote by which the
House recommitted to the select committee on the
Pacific railroad a bill (H. R. No. 763) to amend
an act entitled "An act to aid in the construction
of a railroad and telegraph line from the Missouri
river to the Pacific ocean, and to secuie to the
Government the use of the same for postal, mili-
tary, and other purposes,"approved July 1,1862,
and to amend an act amendatory thereof, approved
July 2, 1864
Mr. HOLMAN called for the reading of the
bill; and the bill was read at length.
The first section provides that section ten of the
act of July 2, 1864, be so modified and amended
as to allow the Central Pacific Railroad Company
and the Western Pacific Railroad Company of
California to issue their six per cent, thirty-years
bonds, interest payable in any lawful money of
the United States, upon their separate roads.
And the companies are authorized to issue, re-
spectively, their bonds to the extent of one hun-
dred miles m advance of a continuous completed
line from Sacramento.
Section two provides that the assignment made
by the Central Pacific Railroad Company of Cali-
fornia to the Western.Pacific Railroad Company
of that State, of the right to construct all that por-
tion of the railroad and telegraph from the city of
San Jose to the city of Sacramento, is hereby
ratified and confirmed to the Western Pacific Rail-
road Company, with all the privileges and benefits
.of several acts of Congress relating thereto,
and subject to all the cffhditions thereof; provided,
the time within which the Western Pacific Rail-
road Company shall be required to construct the
first twenty miles of their road shall be one year
from the lstof July, 1865, and that the entire road
shall be completed from San Jos£ to Sacramento
connecting at the latter point with the Centra!'
Pacific railroad, within four years thereafter.
Mr. COLE, of California. This bill is local in
its application; it relates only to the California end
of the Pacific railroad. It asks nothing of the
urovernraent, its object being to remove certain
restrictions upon the companies that are buildings
the road, and it will hasten its completion. No
one can have any valid objection to its passage-
and unless someone desires it I will not take the
time of the House in further explanation of it. I
call for the previous question.^
The previous question was'seconded, and the
mam question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Xhe question recurring on the motion tore-
commit the bill to the select committee on the
iracific railroad, the motion was not agreed to.
1 he bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading; and beingengrossed, it was accordingly
read the third time, and passed.
ti, Mr\C°LE>,of California, moved to reconsider
h VOi fu ? ,wh,ch.the bl't was passed; and also
table motion to reconsider be laid on the
The latfer motion was agreed to.
EULOGIES ON SENATOR IIICKS.
Mr, WEBSTER, by unanimous consent, of-
fered th.e foJI/o>ymg resolution:
Rf.tqlvU} l\)W6 Jhousand copies of the eulogies on- i
Senator IJicks be printed for the u&r of the House of Rep-
resentatives.
The SPEAKER*. The resolution will be re-
ferred, under the law, to the Committee onPrint-
ing-
DEBTS DUE THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. ALLEY. I demand the regular Order.*
The SPEAKER. Theregular order is the con-
sideration of Senate bill No. 424, entitled <(An act
to facilitate the c.ollection of certain (kins due the
United States." This bill was reportiB last Thurs-
day by the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, and was pendingwhen thi" morning hour
expired.
The bill was read.
The first section provides tha£=m all cases where
debts are due from potetmasterfi mail contractors,
or other officers, agents, or employes of the Post
Office Department, who are Sn default or delin-
quency, a warrant of attachment may issue against
all property, possessions, aid rights legal, equi-
table, and contingent, pelcjging to such officer,
and his sureties, or either of them, in the following
eases: First. When a |y iuch officer, agent, or
employe and his sureties/or either of them, has,
within the meaning of l$e act of July 17, 1862,
chapter one hundred and ninety-five, and the proc-
lamation of the President in pursuance thereof,
dated the 25th day of July, 186*2, participated
in, aided, abetted, or countenanced any rebeHion
against the United States. Second. When such*
officer, agfent, or employe arid his sureties, or
either of them, is a non-resident of the district
where such officer wasappointed,orhasdeparted
fiom such district for the purpose of residing per-
manently out of such distriQt, or of defrauding the
United States, or of avoiding the service of civil
process. Third. When such officer or his sure-
ties, or either of them, has conveyed away or is
about to convey away his property, or any part
thereof, or has removed or is about to remove his
property, or any parfuhereof, from the district
wherein the same is situated, with the intent to de-
fraud the United States. And where such removal
has taken place certified copies of the warrant may
be sent to the marshal of any .other district into
which such property may have been removed,' un-
der which certified conies it shall be lawful for such
marshal to seize such property and convey it to
some convenient point within the jurisdiction of
the court from which" the warrant originally issued.
Alias warrants may issue upon due application,
and the validity of the warrant first issued shall
continue until the return day thereof.
The second section provides that application for
such warrant may be made by any district at-
torney or assistant district attorney, or any other
person authorized by the Postmaster General,
before any judge, or, in his absence, before any
clerk of any court of the United States having
original jurisdiction of the cause of action. Such
application shall be made upon an affidavit of the
applicant, or some other credible person, stating
the existence of either of the grounds of attach-
ment enumerated in the fiist section of this act,
and upon production of legal evidence of the debt.
Upon such application,, and upon due order of
?ny judge °f *hs court, or, in the absence of any
judge, without such order, the clerk shall issue a
warrant for the attachment of all the property of
any kind belonging to the party or parties speci-
fied m the affidavit, which warrant shall be exe-
cuted with all possible dispatch by the marshal,
who shall take the property attached into his
custody, and hold the same subject to all inter-
locutory or final orders of the court.
• section provides that the party orpar-
ties whose property is attached may, at any time
within twenty days before the return day of the
warrant, on giving to the district attorney notice of
his intention, file a plea in abatement, traversing
the allegations of the affidavit, or denying the
ownership of the property attached in the defend-
ants, or either of them, in which case the court
may, upon application of either party, order an
immediate trial by jury of the issues raised by
the affidavit and plea. But the parties may by
consent, waive a trial by jury, in which case the
court shall decide the issues raised by the affi-
avit and plea. Any party claiming ownership
of the property attached and a specific return,
of the same shall be confined to the remedy af-
forded by this act, but "his right to an aetion o£
