198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
summer of that year there assembled at Cincin-
nati a convention which nominated Mr. Buch-
anan. That, I believe, was the first occasion on
■which South Carolina ever sent delegates to a na-
tional convention. But what was the course and
conduct of the South in that convention? Do
you not remember, sir, that Mr. Yancey, at the
head of the Alabama delegation,came to Cincin-
nati with instructions from the party in Alabama
which he represented that if the convention did
not recognize the principle of non-interventiorr
he should withdraw, and then they were going to
make a point? But, Mr. Speaker, the compro-
mise measures of 1850, lecogmzing the principle
of non-intervention, had been adopted. The Mis-
souri compromise, which was in the wayof non-
intervention (for that measure was intervention)
had been repealed. The party then recognized
in their platform for the first time (although it had
been piessed on them time and again) the princi-
ple of non-intervention. Upon that principle they
nominated Mr. Buchanan; upon that principle
they went into the election; upon that principle
their candidate was electcd.
What was done during the Administration of
Mr. Buchanan? I helped to elect Mr. Buchanan;
I gave him nVy vote; but I am bound to say that,
whether he knew it or not, no man is now so
blind as not to see that dunng that Administra-
tion there was sought to be pmde the whole ar-
rangement which was to give the southern men
such a position in its winding up that they would
be enabled safely and securely and according to
their own theory to go out of the Union without
any sort of trouble. With a Secretary of War,
a Secretary of the Treasury, and a Secretary of
the Interior, all of whom have since held high
positions in the rebel army, who doubts for a
moment that during that Administration they
made every arrangement and put sued every policy
that was calculated to give them the advantage;
not the advantage as equals, but to put them m a
position to accomplish their diabolical purposes?
JNo one can doubt Unit. At the very close of the
Administration—and I may as well mention H
here because it has always been bearing upon my
mind.—at the very close of his Administration,
if he had the nerve—oh, that we had a Jackson
then!—if he had had the nerve of Geneial Jack-
son, when men were talking treason upon this
floorand in the Senate Chamber, just to have had
his Attorney General prepare the papers and his
marshal to take them into custody, and if there
were no other place than the Old Capitol prison,
if he had incarcerated them there, then tried them
for treason and efforts to subvert the Government,
there would have been no war at all. Instead of
that we had seven States seaeding from the Union.
The laws had been violated; the rebels refused
to allow the revenues to be collected, and finally
they fired upon our unarmed vessels, winch, if a
foreign nation had done, would have kindled a
fire in the hearts of the American people, and we
would have had war. I suppose that even Mr.
Buchanan would have gone to war. Instead of
that seven States had gone out of the Union;
troubles had accumulated upon us; Mr. Buchanan
had scruples as to what he should do; the coun-
try was in a state of indescribable confusion.
J will say,Mr. Speaker, because I havealways
believed it—it has always looked so to me—-that
there was an implied if not an express contract
between the secessionists and Mr. Buchanan to
this effect, that they should shape their course so
as not to interfere with him and make it obliga-
tory upon him to go to war with them, and he
would let them alone and turn all the buidens of
the revolution over to his successor, it has al-
ways impressed me that that was the understand-
ing. Whether it was or not, such turned out to
be the fact.
When Mr. Lincoln's Administration came in
seven States had dissolved the Union so far as
they could. Ms. Lincoln was inaugurated. I
have not been a Republican or a supporterof his
Administration, except so far as my convictions
satisfied me he was right. Every man must ad-
mit that since the days of Washington no Presi-
dent has entered upon thp administration of the
Government under such perilous circumstances,
it is easy to find fault, and I have sometimes
found fault myself. But I have rejected that if 1
occupied the stand-point he did,and seeing what
perhaps he saw and I did not see, I would prob-
ably havedone no better than he has done. I make
no excuse for what has been done or for what has
not been done. My only object is to revert to
the history of the country to show that the very
men who finally began this revolution were the
same men who had been trying to start it for thirty
years. I hold them responsible for it, and for
what has been done under it.
I know, sir, that what are called personal lib-
erty bills have been passed, and of an aggravated
character; but there was no pretext in them for
rebellion. Every one of them, so far as I know,
when taken to the Supreme Court of the United
States, have been overruled. There was a law
in Pennsylvania, and under it Prigg took his case
to the Supreme Court, and the opinion of that
court, written by Judge Story, a Massachusetts
man, laid down the rights of the several States in
reference to that matter clearly in accordance to
the Constitution.
A number of the States repealed these laws;
but if they had not repealed them, if they had
been attempted to be executed, the parties could
have gone to the Supreme Court of the United
Suites and had the difficulty properly adjusted.
Now let me tell you a fact. The census shows
that from 1840 to 1850 there was a loss of slave
property of one thirtieth of one per cent. The
proportion had largely decreased from 1850 to
1860. The compromise measures of 1850 had
been adopted, and there was a general disposition
among the people .North and South to let this
question die out. According to the census the
estimated value of the slave property lost between
1850 and 18G0 was one fiftieth of one per cent.,
whereas ten years before it was one thirtieth of
one per cent. The question was dying out, and
if the southern Representatives had remained here
and not seceded they would have had a majority.
They could have done what they pleased in the
way of legislation. Congiess did, after they went
away, m order to show that they had no disposi-
tion to irritate them upon the subject, pass bills
for the organization of three Territories—Colo-
rado, Nevada, and Dakota—not one of which con-
tamed a woid about prohibiting slavery from
going into those Territories. The Congress that
did that had the power to include that prohibi-
tion, had they seen fit, as the southern members
left these Halls. If those men had stood to their
posts nothing could have been done contrary to
their wishes; and in the Congress which just met
after the inauguration of Mr. Lincoln they would
have had a majority of from twenty to forty in
the House, and from ten to sixteen in the Senate.
The Presidentcould not have appointed a Cabinet
officer without their consent, nor a foreign min-
ister, nor could he have obtained a dollar of
money to carry out any project whatever.
But I must now allude to their schemes to break
up the Democratic party, and their successful
efforts in that way at Charleston and Baltimore
in I860. Colonel Yancey,ata meeting in Colum-
bia, South Carolina, in October, 1859, urged the
sending of delegates to Charleston as best to give
them a position to break up and divide the Dem-
ocratic party, for, said he, with a national party
in organization they never could succeed with their
designs. When the convention met, Colonel
Yancey came with instructions A om his State that
if the principle of intervention was not recognized
by the convention, the delegates from Alabama
were to withdraw. The convention at Cincin-
nati had adopted the principle of non-intervention,
and declined to change their position. Thereupon
the delegates from Alabama and a number of
southern States withdrew. I asked Colonel Yan-
cey myself why it was that four years ago he,
with the Alabama delegation, went to Cincinnati
with institutions, if the convention did not recog-
nize the principle of non-intervention that they
were to withdraw, and now, said I, you come
here with instructions from the same party, if
the principle of intervention is not recognized you
are to withdraw. I recollect well his significant
and emphatic answer, "We found the principle
of non-intervention would not answer our pur-
pose." We adjourned from Charleston to Balti-
more to give time for the States whose delegates
had withdrawn to send other delegates, but we
were followed up, and some of these seceding
delegates, the more successfully to carry out then-
plans, claimed their seats, and on being rejected
a second time withdrew and nominated their own
candidate, and in this way effectually broke up
the Democratic party. When these delegates
returned to the South, they proclaimed they had
broken up the Democratic party; that Mr. Lin-
coln would now be elected, which would open the
way for the success oftheir wishes. And to show
what their wishes were after the election of Mr.
Lincoln, in the South Carolina convention which
passed"the secesh ordinance, Mr. Uhett said:
" The secession of South Carolina is not an event of a
day. Jtisnot anything produced by Mr. Lincoln's elec-
tion, nor by the non-execution of the fugitive &lave law. It
has been a matter which lias been gathering head lor the
lust thirty years."
Is it not plain that they have forfeited the only
opportunity they ever had of maintaining and
upholding their constitutional rights? And here
let me say that these mea have forfeited their
constitutional rights. Forfeited them how ? They
have rebelled against the Government; they have
declared that they will not be governed under our
Constitution; they have repudiated H; and yet
we, the great Democratic party of the North,
have been standmgupto them, appealing to them,
and telling them that wc are ready to stand by
their constitutional rights. But they indignantly
spit upon us and say, "Wc claim no constitu-
tional right; we have no affiliation with your Gov-
ernment; wethrowyou off, and asevidenceofthat
here is ourownindependentgovemmentand con-
stitution, and we claim nothing at your hands."
1, for one,am tired of followingafter those men.
If they will come back; if they will, as the Presi-
dent said in his last message, lay down their arms;
if they will ask to return into the Union, I think
they could put a damper upon this amendment in
the LegislaturesoftheStates. If they would come
back to-day it would be in their power to make
an issue, but it is not in our power. This thing
has gone so far that there is no such thing as our
holding it back. They can make the issue if ,the*y
choose. Let them unitedly propose to recognize
this Government and Constitution, and to yield
obedience to the laws made in pursuance thereof,
there would be a poweiful party to say, and I
think the President himself would be bound to
say, that is all we ask. Then this question of
slavery would become a political one. It might
produce some difficulty, but it could be handled
better afterward. They have the power, then, to
come back, and if they do not it is their fault.
And now, Mr. Speaker, that the supports of
slavery, by the workmanship of southern hands
are broken, and from all appearances soon to
crumble into dust, we may reflect for a moment
on the spell-bound terror forbidding debate with
which the now revealed enemies sought to sur-
round that subject upon all occasions, great and
small. Scarcely a subject of importance could
arise for the decision of the people in which these
men failed to see a chance for yet more agitation.
As a consequence,those men in my State who re-
fused to participate in these agitations which had
for their immediate object the embroilment of sec-
tions, and theirultimate object the disunion of the
States—I say that that class of men who would
not lend themselves to this treason-breeding
work, had for many years prior to the war been
the special object of vindictive hate and persecu-
tion. The great Senator from M issouri, for thirty
years a shining light in the councils of the nation,
was brought to the guillotine erected by these agi-
tators for no other reason than that he had an-
nounced the doctrine, "let slavery alone where
it is, do not send it where it is not." Scores of
lesser men for like reasons were made powerless
and hated by these arch-agitatois; and it should
be remembered that whatever of tyrannical opinion
was brought to bear against freedom of specch
fell at all times with great power upon those
moderate men whose life was cast m the midst of
it. Indeed, how common was the declaration in
former days by these men, that they endured the
out-spoken sentimentsof the abolition extremists
with more patience than they could trie reasona-
ble remonstrance of dwellers in their midst.
Mr. Speaker, now that the result, the extin-
guishment of slavery, is likely to be accomplished
by war of their own choosing, yet gentlemen
here may very well consider that rashness is
still out of place in subsequent dealings under
this result. This accomplished, we should at
once stay the hand of confiscation, desolation,
and destruction of the property and other material
