1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
109-
interests of this unfortunate people, and by our
united efforts satisfy them that we seek no per-
sonal degradation for them; that after, by the
prowess "of our arms, we shall conquer the strong
military power which has heretofore held them
ill subjugation, we will encourage the inaugura-
tion of a policy, so happily begun by the in-
trepid Sherman'in his dealings with the people of
Savannah. Yet another consideration may be
suggested, Mr. Speaker, with this accomplished,
why we should not further deal harshly "With
these people. It is the historical fact that twelve
of the thirteen original States owned, possessed,
and dealt 111 slaves; that for reasons satisfactory to
several they parted with it, each in their turn, and
to their respective advantages. There are wise
persons who believe that under profound peace
on this subject a like result would have followed
ere this in all the border States. But by the fate
of war, for which the southern leaders are solely
responsible, its sudden extinction is likely to
come, and the question of a few years precedence,
more or less, in point of time as between the
States, amounts to naught in the life of a nation,
and can leave no just ground for future bickerings
on the subject.
Not among the least of the developments of the
times, sir, is the fact that in the dite extremities
to which the fortunes of war have driven rebel-
lion the rebels themselves now contemplate the
extirpation of slavery and placing of arms in
their hands to defeat the cause of the Union. Our
arms at the close of last year were everywhere
victorious; the forces of the rebels were by deaths,
sickness, desertions, and captures, fearfully less-
ened. To replenish their armies and at the same
time secure the fealty of their slaves, as well as
reassure their discouraged friends at home and
abroad, the rebel leaders arc resolved to make use
of our measure to abolish slavery. They saw the
party with which 1 have acted arrayed in an al-
most unbroken column against this amendment;
and, welf knowing the unyielding nature of party
spint, they judged " the party" would stand fast
to their position and thus defeat the passage of the
constitutional amendments. And now with the
usual dexterity of these old politicians they appear
to be making every preparation to appeal to their
slaves for two or three hundred thousand soldiers.
They would thus be able to say to the slaves,
" The Yankees have pretended to desire your free-
dom, but when the pinch came, when called on to
pass a law giving freedom to you, they voted it
down. They dislike you as much as they do us.
Help us whip the deceitful wretches, and we will
give you freedom; you can get it of nobody else;
Lincoln's plan of treeing you was voted down."
The chances are now decidedly appaient that
the rebels will thus talk to theirslaves, and under-
take to put into the field hundreds of thousands
of them as soldiers. I would like to heargentle-
men explain to this House and the country how
we benefit the Union cause by thus enabling reb-
els to speak and act. 1 would like to know if it
is wise and statesmanlike to afford to the rebels
an opportunity to raise such an issue against us
in European courts. I ask if it is not more
easy to prevent than to meet such an issue when
raised before foreign Powers.
The fact that such a design and the raising of
such issues are meditated appears plainly from the
current news of the day. Now, sir, in view ol
these anomalous facts, and devoted as 1 ever have
been to the Union of the States and the perpetu-
ation of the principles which animated our fathers,
I ask where should be found the position of Uie
loyal man on such a question? Where, in view
of which, should be found that noble array of
northern men who have heretofore apologized for
slavery and bared their breasts to the storm of
opposition because the Constitution supported it?
Where, ill view of this, can be the position of the
border-State loyalist? Sir, there can be but ojae
answer in the loyal heart. If the slave is to be
used in this war let him be used in the cause of
the Union. Viewed in the light of the rebel pur-
pose to use slaves in their rebellious war, there is
no alternative (even if it were desirable at this
late day) but to choose that the former slave shall
war for the cause of Union rather than against it.
Thus much I have taken the liberty to say to
those noble men of the North with whom it has
been my pride to act politically. Thus much I
say to those who have all along realized the vast
difficulties of Constitution apd laws and preju-
dice which circumvented the slavery question,
but who never made slavery paramount to the
Union.
But after all, Mr. Speaker, is it anomalous in
the history of the world that the slaves should
be used in war? If we appeal to the history of
the renowned republics of old, which tolerated
slavery as doesour own, we shall be convinced to
the contrary. In those great civil commotions
which at times so terribly shocked the Greek re-
publics, and especially in the long and terrible
civil wars of the Romans, we find slavery play-
ing a conspicuous part in the policy of the con-
tending factions; and those contending for the
ancient and cherished forms of government, as
well as those opposing, vied with each other in
efforts to ameliorate the condition of the slave in
consideration of the support he would give to this
or that cause. But it would hereafter be anoma-
lous in history if we should fail to avail ourselves
of whatever support we can derive from this meas-
ure, when it is so apparent that our enemies are
about to avail themselves of the same resource.
Mr. Speaker, I have done with the subject.
In what I have said 1 have been prompted by no
spirit of ill or hate to the mass of the southern
people of the Union. 1, upon the contrary, de-
plore the ill fortune by which for the time being
they were placed under the power of evil men
who for thirty years have been bent upon " pre-
cipitating them into revolution." But in what I
have said I have endeavored to speak the words
of truth and soberness, nothing extenuating nor
setting down aught in malice. In what 1 have
said I am amply warranted in the history of those
political perturbations which culminated in this
tremendous war. Vast has been the sacrifice of
blood and treasure already in this war for the
Union; but great though it be, we nevertheless
owed it to unborn generations to come, to deliver
to them unimpaired the great legacy bequeathed
to us through blood and fiery trial by our ances-
tors. We owed it to the great cause of repub-
licanism to show before the world that the form
of government can be maintained by a republican
people despite the machinations of all foes, in-
ternal and external. We owed it to all the best
and brightest hopes of mankind to show that mil-
lions of .freemen could rush to arms in defense
of their cause, and could stand persistently by it
through good and evil report. Let us hope, Mr.
Speaker, that from the bloody ordeal and fierce
chastening of the past four years our glorious na-
tion may still brave the tnals yet to come, and
that ere long we shall enter the sunshine of peace,
and stand befoie the world a free, united, and
happy people.
Mr. GR1NNELL. I will detain the House but
a few moments, intending to divide my time with
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farnswouth.]
I regard this as a marked day in American pol-
itics and American history. 1 am happy to fol-
low a gentleman from a slave State—and a slave-
holdertoo, 1 believe—[Mr. King,] who advocates
a constitutional amendment whereby slavery may
become extinct throughout all the breadth of the
land. I rcjoice that the State of Iowa, which 1
have the honor in part to represent upon this floor,
and is known by her forty thousand majority for
freedom, has so honorable a neighbor, so mag-
nanimous and so able a philosopher and states-
man upon this floor.
It seems to me this is a day of great opportu-
nities; great for the conservative Republican who
shall never more have to apologize for his votes,
correcting his record; and a great day for the
Democrat, who may now break the shackles of
party, and stand forth with the great men and pa-
triots in our early history, and march on in the
royal highway of freedom for all nations. Sir,
this is one of the days which makes the text for
volumes of history big with the fate of races and
an empire.
Now, sir, as I have not to talk about my own
consistency, having been, so far as 1 know, always
an abolitionist, I am here to say that 1 do not enter
into the discussion of the simple propriety of this
measure. No; at the threshold 1 deny that there
can be property in man. 1 never believed in the
doctrine. My whole nature revolted at it, and
the reading of books of law, volumes of history,
and of God's word, never taught me else than that
the institution was baibaric, m defiance of natural
justice, and so shameful in its pretensions that in,
no State in this Union lias its legal existence been,
established by any law. And here I desired to aslc,
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Clay,] when
he spoke of the legal and constitutional rights of
his people, where he finds a law in the State .of
Kentucky, or in any other slave State, that estab-
lishes the system of African slavery. It can not*
be found. Slavery is an outlaw^ and we are but-
proposing to execute the criminal that has been ; «
an outlaw for generations in this country. "
It is well known that the British constitution.
and the common law of England and tlfPdecis-'
ions of the great jurists of England were against'
the existence of slavery in that country. One
John Hawkins was the first to engagein the slave
trade in this country. He planted the institution
here. Did that legalize slavery? Did he have
from his queen any authority to traffic in human
beings? None. How did slavery come to exist
in the colonies? From whence came the authority
to hold slaves? From England? No. Did it
come by colonial legislation ? No. How,then,
came it in these States? By biutal force. As I
have already said, it is not found to be estab-
lished by law in any State, and must stand here
as an outlaw. The great expounders of our Con-
stitution have said that the Declaration of Inde-
pendence itself, proclaiming all men free and equal,
laid the corner-stone of our Confederacy,and that
it is above all constitutions and all laws. That
is enough for me; and we are only tolerating here,
that which should have ceased to exist long ago,
and spared us civil war. Sir, if I had my prefer-
ence, I would rather see slavery wiped out hero
by a legal decision, and announced by a chief
justice—our Lord Mansfield, I trust—on the great
principles of justice, rather than by the tardy ac-
tion of States.
I wish now to refer for a moment to the state-
ment made by the venerable gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Clay] that we are about by this meas-
ure to deprive Ins Slate of representation in this
Chamber. How is that? They now have three
fifths representation for their slaves; when the
genius of liberty shall take possession of that
State, and the votes of the people shall have de-
stroyed slavery there, ftten their slaves will be
counted as freemen. Instead of decreasing their
representation, wo augment it.
But the gentleman asks, What will you do with
(fur slaves? What shall we do willi them? All 1 it
seems to me there is something duo to those who
have so long snppoited theii uiasteis, certainly
to be let alone. Cannot they who have supported
themselves and their masters in the past lake care
of themselves? That, sir, is a question winch we
can well afford to leave unanswered, since the en-
slaved race are establishing their manhood and
fighting our battles.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
stands up here in defense of those who are now
in rebellion, so far as to declare that slavery has
not ruled the couniry. I wish, sir, that he had
been more conversant with American history;
that he had read less of newspapers and more of
our political history. Why, sir, it is well known
that the great majority of the people of this coun-
try have befm controlled by the institutions of the
South. We propose to break away from that
control, and to stand forth free and independent,
never more to be bartered away by a body of
men banded together for any political or selfish
purpose, much less by those in the control of
tyrants.
If you look into the facts and figures m regard
to this control, you will find that up to the year „
of the rebellion for two thiids of the time the
Presidency of the United States had been held by
slaveholders or southern men; you will find that
of the Presidents of the Senate slavery had sixty-
one out of seventy-seven; you will find that of
Speakers of the House of Representatives they
had twenty-one out of thirty-three; you will find
that of Attorney Generals they had fourteen out
of nineteen; and that they have had the Secreta-
ryship of State nearly two thirds of the tinae; and
since the slavery agitation, as if it were to be
ready for this conflict of arms, for four fifths of
the time have the Secretary of War and the Sec-
retary of the Navy been from the South.
Look, too, at the Supreme Court of the United
States and its organization-.slavery has hadseven-
teen out of th« twenty-eight member*. It was
