Q86-.
mi CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
Febrnary 21,
fined not less than §100, nor more than $1,000, or ,
be imprisoned not less than one year, nor more
than three years, or both, according to the cir-
cumstaneesand aggravations of the offense. And
if any clerk or other person employed in any of
the departments of the Post Office establishment
shall willfully and unlawfully remove from any
letter posted at or received in any post office or
branch post office, established by authority of the
Postmaster General of the United States, any
postage stamp or stamps affixed thereto in pay-
ment of postage, every such offender, being thereof
duly convicted, shall, for every such offense, be
fined not more than §100, or imprisoned not more
thEfn six months, according to the circumstances
and aggravations of the offense.
The fifteenth section provides that the yearly
advertisement for proposals to carry the mails of
the United States shall be published hereafter for
a period of six weeks in one or more, but not to
exceed five, newspapers, printed in the State or
Territory where the mail service is to be per-
formed, one of which shall be printed at the seat
of government of such State or Territory.
The sixteenth section provides that nothing
contained in the act to amend the laws relating to
the Post Office Department, approved March 3,
18G3, shall be so construed as to repeal or modify
the second section of the act entitled "An act
making approbations for the service of the Post
Office Department during the fiscal year ending
the 30th June, 1861," for the delivery of letteis
and other mail matter, from post offices where
the system of free delivery by carriers has not
been established; provided, that the system of
free delivery shall be established in every place I
containing a population of fifty thousand within
the deli very of the office thereof, and at such other
places as the Postmaster General in his'judgmeiit
shall direct; and also that the prepayment postage
on drop letters in all places where free delivery is
not established shall be one cent only.
The seventeenth section enacts thai no obscene
book, pamphlet, picture, print, or other publica-
tion of a vulgar and indecent character, shall be
admitted into the mails of the United States;
but'all such obscene publications deposited in or
received at any post office, or discovered in the
mails, shall be seized and destroyed or otherwise
disposed of, as the Postmaster General shall di-
rect. And any person or persons who shall de-
posit or cause to be deposited in any post office
or branch post office of the United States, for
mailing or for delivery, an obscene book, pam-
phlet, picture, prim, or other publication, know-
ing the same to be of a vulgar and indecent char-
acter, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor,
and, being duly convicted thereof, shall for every
sueh offense be fined not more than' $500, or im-
prisoned not more than one year, or both, accord-
ing to the circumstances and aggravations of the
offense.
Mr. ALLEY. Mr. Speaker, this bill is of con-
siderable length, and contains many important
provisions. It has passed the Senate almost unan-
imously; and it is agreed to by the House com-
mittee by a unanimous vote with the modifications
which the amendments now proposed furnish. I
will not, therefore, detain the House by any ex-
tended remarks; and if no further explanation is
desired, I will ask for its immediate passage.
The first amendment reported bythe Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads was to
strike out in the first section all after the enact-
ing clause.
The amendment was agreed to.
The second amendment reported by the com-
mitee, was to strike out in the eighth line of the
third section the word "and," and insert after
the word "third" the words "and fourth."
The amendment was agreed to.
The third amendment reported by the commit-
tee was to strike out in the thirteenth line of the
fifth section the word " five," and insert in lieu
thereof the word " three."
The amendment was agreed to.
The fourth amendment reported by the com-
mittee was to strike out in the tenth line of the
sixth section the word "five," and insert the
word "three."
The amendment was agreed to.
The last amendment reported by the commit-
tee was to strike eut ths words " and risk" after
the word " credit" in the ninth line of the elev-
enth section.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, was
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ALLEY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table. •
The latter motion was agreed to.
POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT CLERKSHIPS.
Mr. ALLEY, from the Committee on the Post j
Office and Post Roads, reported back,with amend- j
merits, a bill (S. Wo. 389) relating to clerkships
in the Post Office Department. j
The bill was read. It proposes to amend the j
thild section of an act of Congress makin" ap- :
propriations for the civil and diplomatic expenses j
of the Government for the year ending June 30, )
1854,approved March 3, 1853, so as to authorize j
the appointment of a chief clerk in the offices of j
each of the three Assistant Postmasters General, j
at-a salary of $2,000 per annum each. _ ,
The second section proposes to authorize the j
Postmaster General, in lieu of the temporary j
clerks now employed in the Post Office Depart-
ment and paid out of the appropriation for post-
age stamps and stamped envelopes and the pro-
ceeds of sales of waste paper, to appoint two
clerks of class three, two clerks of class two, and
five clerks of class one.
The third section appropriates the sum of
$18,000 to pay the clerks provided for in the two
preceding sections.
The fourth section appropriates the sum of
§6,000 for the payment of such temporary cleiks
as the Postmaster General may, from time to time,
deem necessary.
The fifth section provides that unclaimed money
in dead letters for which no owner can be found,
and also all money derived from sales of waste
paper or other public property in post offices or
the Post Office Department, shall be deposited in
the Treasury of the United Stales, under the di-
rection of the Postmaster General, for the service
of the Post Office Department; and any post-
master or clerk inapost office, or any otherclerk,
officer, or agent of the Post Office Department,
having temporary custody of such money, and
failing to deposit it as herein provided, is" to be
deemed to be guilty of a felony, and be subject to
a fine not exceeding double the sum so retained
by such clerk or other agents, or imprisonment
not exceeding three years, or both,at the discre-
tion of the court.
The fitst amendment reported by the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads was to strike
out the third and fourth sections, and insert in
lien thereof the following:
That the =airj clerks phrtil he paid onto! any moneys here-
tofore appropriated or that maj hereafter be appropriated for
tiie service of the Post Otfice'llepartment.
The amendment was agreet^to.
The seeond amendment reported by the com-
mittee was to strike out in the tenth line of the
fifth section the word "failing," and insert in
lieu thereof the words "willfully neglecting."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ALLEY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the rpotion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
POST K0AD8.
Mr. ALLEY, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported a bill entitled
" An act to establish certain post roads;" which
was read a first and second time,and considered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading; and being engrossed, it was accordingly
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ALLEY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and atao moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table,
The latter motion was agreed to.
MINOR HEIRS Of B. A. BAILEY.
Mr. ALLEY, from the Committer on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported adversely upon
the bill (H. R. No. 658) entitled " An act for the
benefit of the nainor hciis of B, A. Bailey, de-
cuansd;" whi«h was kid #n th  tabla.
BB.NONI STAATS,
i Mr. ALLEY also, from the Committee on the
j Post Office and Post Roads, reported adversely
I upon the petition of Benoni Status, praying that
the pay of his mail contract may be increased.
The petition was laid on the table. *
■WILLIAM II. 8COTT.
Mr. ALLEY also, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported adversely
upon the petition of William H. Scott for indem-
nity for Joss sustained by the failure and refusal
of the Postmaster General to give him a mail con-
tract according to agreement.
The petition was laid on the table.
NORTON'S STAMP CANCELKR.
Mr. ALLEY, by unanimous consent, moved
that leave be granted to Shnvi>r& Corse to with-
draw their papers from the files of the House re-
lating to Norton's postmarking and canceling
stamp. ■
The motion was agreed to. {s*
NATIONAL MISSISSIPPI BRIDGE COMPAHY.
Mr. NORTON, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported back House
bill No. 634, to incorporate ihe National Missis-
sippi Bridge Company, and demanded the pre-
vious question on its adaption.
The bill was read.
Mr. PENDLETON. Has that bill ever been
printed ?
Mr. NORTON. The bill has not been printed.
Mr. IIOL.UAN. 1 hope that the gentleman
will not pp'ss the passage of the bill at this time.
Mr. NORTON. The bridge is to be built
seventy feet above the highest water mark.
Mr. PENDLETON. At what point does the
bridge cro.-s tin- Mississippi river?
llr. NORTON. From Illinois to St. Louis.
Mr. PENDLE I*ON. Hasauthority beengiren
by these States of Illinois and Missouri to build
this bridge?
Mr. NORTON. Yea, sir; by both States.
Mr. PENDLETON. I understand authority
is given to this company to condemn property.
Mr. NORTON. Under the laws of Missouri
on one side and under the laws of Illinois ori the
other side.
Mr. PENDLETON. Is this bridge company
authorized to condemn property lying in those
States toi the purpose of building this bridge?
Mr. NORTON. Charttrs have been granted
by both States and companies have ben incor-
porated for the purpose of building this bridge.
The bill piovides that lands may be taken Tor
the purpose of building the bridge, in accordance
with the laws of Missouri on one side and the
laws of Illinois on the other side. No authority
is given other than that,
Mr. PENDLETON. I speak with no pos-
itiveness in regard to the provisions of this till
except as I heard them read at the Cleik's de>-k;
but 1 heard no such limitation as that the gentle-
man indicates put upon the power to condemn
property.
Mr NORTON. It is there, for I examined the
bill very carefully myself, it was inuoduced and
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads by the gentk-m-.ui from the tit. Louis
district, [Mr. Knox,] audit was considered delib-
erately by that committee, and 1 was instructed
unanimously to report it back to the House with
the.recommendation that it-do pass.
Mr. PENDLETON. Let rne express the hope
that with the permission of the gentleman from
Illinois this bill will not now be put on its pas-
sage. It may be perfectly right, but I do not
know that it is. The gentleman says thatit has
received the attention of the Committee on the
Post Office arid Post Roads, and ftnir approval
would commend it *o the House; but as it was
read at the Ch rk's desk 1 thought there were pro-
visions in it extraordinary in ihelrcharacter, such
as we have not been in Hie habit uf putting into
laws of this kind, and such as 1 do not think 'his
Hou.se can properly consider wiilmut having tiie
bill before it. I am not able at tins moment to
particularize these provisions. One is that tbiB
company shall have power to acquire title
land necessaiy for the construction of the bridge
and for the approaches to it from public high"
wuytijknd tint s*iu#|( wur t  l ki en l«ii l 
