968
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
aforesaid. The provisional governor shall, by proclamation,
declare the number of delegates, 10 be elected by each
county, parish, or election di>tnct; name a day of election,
not Icsstlum thirty days thereakor; designate the places of
voting in each county, parish, or district, conforming as
nearly as may be convenient, to the places mod in the ©kite
elections next preceding the rebellion ; appoint one or more
commissioners} to hold the election at each place of voting,
and provide an adequate force to keep the peace during the
election.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That all citizens of the
United States of the age of twenty-one years, residents of
the State, who are in the military or naval service of the
United States, and all who have been honorably discharged
therefiorn, together with all loyal citizens enrolled as alore-
eaid, who shall take and subscribe the oath of allegiance to
the United States, prescribed in the act of July 2,1862,
shall be electors, and may vote for delegates to the conven-
tion hereinbefore authorized, m the county, parish,or dis-
trict in winch they reside, and all such citizens of the Uni-
ted States who are in the military or naval service of the
United States shall vote .it the heudquaitero oftheir respect-
ive commands, uuder such regnUnions as may be pie-
scribed by the provit-ional governor for the taking and re-
turn of their votes; but no person who has held orexeieised
any office, civii or military, s?tat<? or confederate, under the
rebel usurpation, or who has voluntarily borne arms against
the United States, shall vote or be eligible to be elected as
delegate at such election.
Sec. 8. And he it further enacted, That the paid commis-
sioners, or either of them, shall hold the election in con-
formity with this act, and, so far as may be consistent
therewith, shall proceed in the manner u%ed in the State
prior to the rebellion. The oath of allegiance shall be
taken and subscribed on the poll-book by every voter in
the form above prescribed, but every person known by or
proved to the commissioners, to have held or exercised
any office, civil or military, State or confederate, under the
rebel usurpation, or to have voluntarily borne arms against
the United States, *hu!l be excluded though he offer to take
the oath; and in case any person who shall have borne
arms against the United States shall offer to vote, he shall
be deemed to have borne arms voiumariiv unless he .-hall
prove the contrary by the testimony of a qualified voter.
The poll-book, showing the name and oath of earh voter,
shall be returned to the provisional governor by the com-
missioners of election or the one acting, and the provis-
ional governor shall canvass such return*, and declare the
person having the highest number of votes elected.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the provisional
governor shall, by proclamation, convene the delegates
elected as aforesaid, at the capital of the State, on a day
not more than throe months after the election, giving at
least thirty days' notice of such day. In case the said
capital shall in his judgment be unfit, he sh.Ul in his proc-
lamation appoint another place. He«hali preside over the
deliberations of the convention, and administer to each
delegate, before taking his seat m the convention, the oath
of allegiance to the United States in the form hereinbefore
prescribed.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the convention
shall declare, on behalf ot the people of the State, their
submission to the Constitution and laws of the United
States, and shall adopt the following provisions, hereby
proscribed by the United States in the execution of the con-
stitutional duty to guaranty a republican form of govern-
ment to every State, and incorporate them in the constitu-
tion of the State, that is to say: First. No person who has
held or exercised an}' office, civil or military, except civil
offices merely ministerial and military offices below the
grade of colonel, State oi confederate, under tiie usurping
power, shall vote for or be a member of the Legislature or
Governor. Second. Involuntary servitude is forever pro-
hibited, and freedom aod equality of civil rights before the
law ar« guarantied to ail persons in said State. Third. No
debt, State or confederate, created by or under the sanction
of the usurping power, or in any manner in aid thereof, shall
be recognized or paid by the State.
Sec. 11. And he Ufurther enacted, That when the con-
vention shall have adopted those provisions, it shall pro-
ceed to reestablish a republican form of government, and
ordain a constitution containing those provisions, which,
when adopted, the convention shall by ordinance provide
for submitting to the people of the State entitled to vote
under this law, at an election to b« held in the manner pre-
scribed by the act for the election of delegates, but at a
time and piace named by the convention, at which election
the said electors, and none otner, shaii vote directly for or
against such constitution and form of State government.
And the returns of said election shall he made to the
provisional governor, who shall canvass the same in the
presence of the electors, and if a majority of the votes
cast be for the constitution and form of government, In*
shall certify the same, with aeopv thereof, to the President
ot the United States, who, after obtaining the assent of
Congress, by act or jointretolution, shall, bv proclamation,
recognize the government so established, and none other,
as the constitutional government of the State; and from
the date of such recognition, and not before, Senators and
Representatives and eleetor^for President and Vice Presi-
dent may be elected in such State, according to the laws
of the State and oi the United States.
Seo. 13. rfnd be it further enacted, That if the conven-
tion shall refuse to reestablish tii-e State governmental! the
conditions aforesaid, the provisional governor ^hall declare
it dissolyed; but it shall be the duty of the President,when-
everhe shall have reason to believe that a sufficient num-
ber ot the people of the State entitled to vote under this act,
in number not less than a majority of those enrolled as
nioresaul, are wnlmg to reestablish a State government on
The conditions aforesaid,todireetthe provisional governor
to order another election of delegates to a convrlhart for
the purpose and in the manner prescribed in this act, and
to proceed in ali rc&pects as hereinbefore provided, either
to dissolve the convention or to certify the State iroverii-
meot reestablished by it to the President.
Sec. 13- And be it further enacted, That if the perRons !
©xereisingtbe functions Governor and Legislature antler
the rebel usurpation i*  any State heretofore declared to be
in rebellion shall, before armed resistance to the national
Government is suppressed in *>uoh State, bubnnt to the au-
thority* of the United States, and tftke the oath to Mipport
thPConstitution of the United States- and adopt by law
the third provision prescribed in the eighth section ot this
act, and ratify the amendment tO'the Constitution of the
United State* propo>ed by Congiess to the Legislature;* of
the several States on the 31ot day of January, A. D. 1865,
it shall be lawful for the President of the United States to
recognizb the said Governor and Legislature as the lawful
State government of such State, and to eertify the fact to
Congress for its* recognition: Provided, That nothing herein
contained shall operate to disturb the boundary lines of any
State heretofore recognized by and now represented In the
Congress of the United States.
I would inquire what effect
will have upon the pending
Mr. WILSON
that substitution
amendments?
Mr. ASHLEY. They ail fall with it.
Mr. WILSON. I desire thaCHhe substitute I
offered shall hold its original plaie. *
The SPEAKER. The Chair Would state that
the right of a committee to withdraw a bill thej
have reported and substitute another in its place
is a new question. The gentleman had consent
some days since to substitute the frill which, has
been pending for the original bill, gnd whicfe has
stood as the original text. The gentleman now
claims a right, by the authority of ffee committee,
to withdraw that bill and substitute tusoilier in its
place. A gentleman upon the floor would have a
right, having a bill pending before the House, to
modify it at any time previous to a vote. The
only question in the mind of the Chair is whether
the chairman of a committee, or agentleman rep-
resenting a committee, would have the same right
by the authority of the committee. The Chair is
of opinion that he would; that he would have the
right, when speaking by the direct authority of
the committee, to have his bill stand upon the
same footing as a member would have if he had a
bill before the House. But the Chair does not
think that it should cut off pending amendments,
and he therefore rules that the gentleman, having
been so directed by his committee, has the right
to substitute this bill, so that the committee can
have the action of the House upon the bill as they
desire it; and that the amendments still apply to
the bill, so that those who moved them can have
the sense of the House upon them. Otherwise
gentlemen could always get rid of amendments,
after debating a bill to which amendments were
proposed, by withdrawing it, substituting an-
other, demanding the previous question, and cut-
ting off ali power to amend. The Chair rules,
therefore, that the amendments are pending.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to modify my substi-
tute.
Mr.KELLEY. I move to modify ray amend-
ment so that it shall provide for striking out the
word " white " in line eight, section five, of the
bill.
PALL OF CHARLESTON.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a dis-
patch from the Secretary of War, which was read,
as follows:
[Received 8,35 a.m., February 21, 1865.]
Charleston, a. <J., February 18, 1865.
Via New York, February 21.
^ General : Tiie city of Charleston and ail its defenses came
into our possession this morning, with about two hundred
pieces of good artillery and a supply of fine ammunition.
1 he enemy commenced evacuating all the works lan nijtht
and Mayor Macbeth surrendered the city to the troops of
General Scheinmelfinnig at nine o'clock this morning, at
Which time it w,1s occupied by our forces.
Our advance on the EUisto and i'toni Bull's bay hastened
the retreat. •
1 lie cottoij warehouses, arsenals, quartermaster's stores,
railroad bridges, and two iron-clads were burnt by the
enemy. Some vessels in the ship-yard were ait-o burnt.
Nearly all the inhabitants remaining behind belong to the
poorer classes. b
Very respectfully, Q. A. GILLMORE,
Major General Commanding.
Major General H.-W. Halieck, Chief of Staff,
[Applause on the floor and in the galleries.]
RECONSTRUCTION AGAIN.
Mr. WILSON. 1 modify my amendment so
that it will read as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert: i
fhut .Senators and Representatives shall not be received I
from any state heretofore declared in rebellion agann.ttlie
United states until Congress, by concurrent action of both !
H u,e<, 8h,ill have first declared a just local government, 1
republican in Inrm, to have bten organiz. d thei^in and 1
such State to be emitted to representation lu tiie respective i
Houses ot Congress. I
Mr. ELIOT. I desire to modify my amend-
ment so that it will read us follows:
Strike out aii after the enacting clause ami im*ert:
That th«* Stales declared t<> b>i It* rebellion iignmst the
United Hutes, and withiu which the authority of {;oti.
stitutkm iiud laws nl'tlje Un.ted Stale* Jut** h< tn overthrown
vim b« permitted to resume their pohuc.ti relations
with the Government of the United .Suite.", until, l y action^
of the lojal citizen* with in sitch State*? r^peetively^ a State
constitution be ordained ami estahU>hed, republican
in form, forever prohibiting Involuntary servitude wuh!a
said State, and guarantying to all persons freedom and equal
rights before the law.
Mr. HOLM AN. 1 move to strike out the enact-
ing clause of tffe bill,
Mr. ASHLEY. I call the previous question
on the pending bill and amendments.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will it be in order to
move to postpone this bill till the 5tli of March
next, and leave to General Sherman to recon-
struct as he is now doing in South Carolina?
Mr. HOLMAjN". I suppose this whole sub-
ject is debatable under my motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will direct the
Clerk to read the rule on that point.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" A motion to strike out the enacting words ofra bill
shall have precedence of all motions to amend."
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question was ordered.
The first question was upon the motion of Mr.
Holman, to strike out th>; enacting clause of the
bill.
Mr. HOLMAN called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ASHLEY. Mr. Speaker, it is well known
to the House and the country that from the out-
break of the rebellion I have given this subject of
reconstruction special attention. At the last ses-
sion of Congress, the committee of which I am
a member reported a bill which received the sanc-
tion of this body and of the Senate, but failed to
receive the approval of the President. Since that
time, and during this session, it has been my
earnest desire to conciliate all gentlemen on this
side of the House who had scruplos in regard to
the bill as it originally passed, and, if possible,
to secure a united vote in its favor. For that
purpose 1 consented to what might properly be
termed a compromise, in providing for the read-
mission or recognition of the new governments of
Louisiana, Arkansas, and Tennessee. The con-
ditions were notsuc.il as I would prescribe if those
States stood separately and alone. But in order
to secure what 1 thought of paramount import-
ance—universal suffrage to the liberated black
men of the South—I consented to ingraft in the
bill which [had the honor of proposing the other
day a conditional recognition of the existing gov-
ernments of the States of Louisiana and Arkan-
sas, and the government now being organized in
Tennessee.
Disappointed in my efforts to secure the co-
operation of gentlemen who profess to eiHSrtain,
and who i am willing to concede do entertain,
practically the same opinions which 1 do in favor
of securing universal suffrage to the colored man,
and in favor of the early recognition of every
rebel State which has a population sufficient to
sustain and maintain a government; failing in
that, 1 now decline to offer my substitute, and at
the request ant} with the concurrenceof the com-
mittee we have offered the bill of the last session,
with the modifications which members will no-
tice when the bill is read. Those modifications
are to strike out all the bill contains to which
gentlemen have raised objection, in that it seem-
ingly authorized the execution of the State laws
as they existed at the time of the rebellion, in
order to make perfectly clear what *he committee
meant, they have inserted a provision that (he
j provisional governor slydl execute only such
laws as relate to the protection nf petsons and
pioperty; and that all laws inconsistent with this
bill, and all laws recognizing the relation of mas-
ter and slave, shall not be enforce*!.
The committee have also in this bill omitted
the section which autliotized the collection of
taxes in the State, thus leaving the original bill
of last session to stand with those modifications,
and with the addition of ih > flmtienili section of
the amendment which ( offered yesterday.
I prefer to stood there. T pivtvr not to olT<■ r
my substitute, and thus commit mywil' to R lee-
ognition of the governments of Louisiana and
