1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
203
tution; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Library.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
386) to incorporate the National Protection In-
surance Company, of the District of Columbia;
winch was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. RAMSEY also asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill amen-
datory of an act to amend an act entitled " An
act to promote the progress of the useful arts,"
approved March 3, 1863; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 388) further to provide for the verification of
invoices; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. COLLAMER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 389) relating to clerkships in the Post Office
Department; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
Mr. COLLAMER also asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 390) relating to the postal laws; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. TEN EYCIC, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the memorial of
Elias H. Chambers, praying to be indemnified
for the loss of Treasury notes destroyed by fire,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation, and that it be referred to the Committee on
Claims, the Judiciary Committee not deeming it
advisable to reportany general billon the subject,
but to leave each claim to be acted upon on its
own merits.
The request was granted.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, reported a joint resolution (S. R.
No. 92) to postpone and prevent the sale, for less
than their appraised value, of certain Indian lands
m Minnesota; which was read, and passed to a
second reading. He gave notice that he would
call up the resolution to-morrow.
He also, fiom the same committee, to whom
was referred a joint resolution (S. 11. No. 89)
directing inquiry into the condition of the Indian
tribes, and their treatment by the civil and mili-
tary authorities, reported it without amendment.
PENSIONS.
Mr. FOSTER. The Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred a bill (S. No. 3G5) in rela-
tion to pensions, have directed me to report it
bank without amendment, with a recommendation
that it be passed. The bill is very short, and is
intended to effect a very desirable object; it has
the sanction of the Department; and I ask the
unanimous consent of the Senate that it be con-
sidered now. I think it will take but a moment.
By unanimous consent, the bill was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It provides that
no person in the Army, (including regulars, vol-
unteers, and militia,) or in the Navy or Marine
corps, shall be allowed to diaw both a pension
as an invalid and the pay or emoluments of his
rank or station in the service.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third tune, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 657) to
amend the third section of an act entitled " An
act making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending the
30th of June 1865, and for oilier purposes," so
far as the same relates to witnesses in the couris
of the United States.
COMPENSATION FOR CALLED SESSIONS.
Mr. BUCKALEW submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Rcsohcd, That the Committee on Finance he author-
ized to luport a bill or joint resolution providing compen-
sation to members of the Senate, at special palled sessions
of the Senate, commencing with the Thirty-Eighth Con-
gress, such compensation to be confined to sessions when
the House of Representatives is not convened, and to mcm-
beis who are required to journey from their homes to the
capital in order to attend such sessions.
PRINTING OF EVIDENCE.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, reported the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Rcsohcd, That the Committee on the Judiciary be au-
thoiized to print'certain evidence before them relating to
the i i2iit to seats of Messrs. Cutler and Smith as Senators
fiom the State of Louisiana.
SECOND ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF WAR.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 385) authorizing the
President to appoint a Second Assistant Secretary
of War, to report it back without amendment,
and with the recommendation that it pass; and I
ask the unanimous consent of the Senate to act
upon it now.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It proposes to authorize the President
to appoint, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, for the term of one year from its
passage, an officer in the War Department to be
called the Second Assistant Secretary of War,
whose salary shall be $3,000 per annum, payable
in the same manner as that of the Secretary of
War, who shall perform all such duties in the
office of the Secretary of War belonging to that
Department as shall be pi escribed by the Secre-
tary of War, or as may be required by law.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
PROMOTION 01' NAVAL OFFICERS.
Mr. GRIMES. The Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
607) to provide for an advance of riink to officers
of the Navy and Marine corps for distinguished
merit, have instructed me to repoit it back with
an amendment, and I ask for its present consid-
eration.
Mr. SUMNER. Will it take any time?
Mr. GRIMES. 1 think not.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to bring forward the
resolution for the termination of the reciprocity
treaty to-day.
Mr. GRIMES. We can pass this bill in a
moment.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to the consider-
ation of the bill (H. R. No. 607) to provide an
advance of rank to officers of the Navy and Marine
corps for distinguished merit. It provides that
any officer of the Navy or Marine corps, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, may
be advanced not exceedmgfifty numbers in rank,
for having exhibited eminent and conspicuous
conduct in battle or extraordinary heroism.
The second section provides that any officer of
the Navy or Marine corps, cither of volunteers or
otherwise, who shall be nominated to a higher
grade by the provisions of the first section ol'this
act, or of those of section nine of an act to estab-
lish and equalize the grades of line officers of the
United States Navy, approved July 11, 1862,
shall be promoted, notwithstanding the number
of the grade may be full, but no further promo-
tions are to take place in that grade, except for
like cause, until the number is reduced to that
provided by law.
The Committee on Naval Affairs reported the
bill with an amendment in section one, line five, to
strike out the word "fifty" and insert "thirty;"
so that the clause will read:
That any officer of the Navy or Marine corps, by and with
the advice and eonsentof the Senate, may be advanced not
exceeding thirty numbers! in rank, Ste.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in, and ordered
to beseneTossed, and the bill to be read a third
time. IT was read the third time, and passed.
MANSLAUGHTER IN TIIE DISTRICT.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the Ju-
i diciary, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
595) to amend an act entitled " An act for the pun-
ishment of crimes in the District of Columbia,"
approved March 2, 1831, have instructed m'e to
report it back without amendment, and recom-
mend its passage. As it is but a short bill and
it will take but a moment to consider it, and as^I
presume there will be no,objection to.it, 1 ask the
unanimous consent of the Senate to consider.it at
the present time. .
There being no objection, the Senate,as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider, the
bill, which proposes to amend the second section
of an act for the punishment of crimes in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, approved March 2,1831, so as
to read as follows:
That every person duly -convicted of manslaughter, or
of any assault with intent to kill, shall be sentenced to suf-
fer imprisonment and labor, for the first offense, for a period
not lees than two nor more than eight years, and for the sec-
ond offense, for a period not less than six nor more than
fifteen years.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and ;
ADAMS EXPRESS COMPANY.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 337 for consideration.
The motion wasagreed to; and the bill (S.No.
337) authorizing the payment to thtr-Adams Ex-
press Company of the amount of certain Treas-
ury notes destroyed or irrecoverably lost while in
their custody was read a second time, £nd con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to authorize the Secretary of theTreasury
to pay to the Adams Express Company the sum
of $22,080, being the amount of certain United
States Treasury notes, commonly called legal-
tender notes, destroyed or irrecoverably lost while
in the custody of the company, the same having
been placed by them m an iron safe and shipped
from New Yoi Icon board of the steamer Bio Bio,
which steamer, after being partially burned, sunk
beneath the water in front of the levee at New
Orleans, on the 22d of March ,1863, carrying down
with her (he iron safe and contents. But this
payment is not to be made until the company shall
execute to the United States a bond, with security,
to be approved by the Secretary of theTreasury,
conditioned to indemnify the United States against
all joss, cost, or damage incurred by reason of
the payment, and that if the safe shall be here-
after recovered or brought to land the company
shall repay to the United States thissumof money.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 should like to know whatevi-
dence there is in this case that the Treasury notes
were lost, and what evidence there is of their
amount. Let the report be read.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. The testimony in the
case is very full and I think conclusive as to all
the points that are raised by it. An abstract of
itis set forth in thereport; butthefactsaresimply
these: the Adams Express Company shipped on
board this steamer for their customers a large
amount ofTreasury notes, much larger than those
they claim embiaced in the bill. The vessel pro-
ceeded on her voyage, the bills being in an iron
safe inclosed in an iron-strapped wooden box,
and at Havana the box and safe were moved from
between decks to the lower hold of the steamer.
She arrived at New Orleans during the night of
the 21st of March, and early the next morning
was found to be on fire. Efforts were made to
extinguish the fire, but befoie they succeeded the
vessel, owing to the burning of her hawsers, slid
from the levee into deep water and sunk. Diving
bells were immediately employed, and they per-
severed in their efforts for some six or seven
weeks; but owing to the accumulation of sand
over the vessel they were unable to recover any-
thing except some few pieces of machinery. Noth-
ing, 1 believe, was got out of her.
The Qvidcnce on these points is full and con-
clusive,as I have already remarked, and shows
that these notes are there in deep water, and owing
to the character of that river, and the rapid forma-
tion of these sand-bars, are probably irrecoverable
on that account. But beyond that5ihey have now
been under the water some twenty months, and
that would^insure their destruction, I think, in the
position in which they are. It will be observed
that in the bill which the Committee on Finance
have reported they have provided that these par-
