204:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
ties shall give security that the amount to be paid
to them shall be refunded if the bills are recov-
ered, and is to be refunded if the safe is recovered
or brought to land in any way. The committee
consider that these bills are irrecoverably lost or
destroyed.
I had in my possession at the last session, but
they have been mislaid during the recess, letters
from the president and principal officers of several
banks in the eastern cities, some three or four, I
think three in Boston and one in New York, who
etate that it is their custom, three of them say, on
proof of the destruction of their bills, to refund
the amount to those who were their holders. The
fourth says it is the custom on proof o-f loss with-
out destruction. Considering this to be a clear case
of destruction, or what is equivalent to destruc-
tion, an irrecoverable loss, fortified by these pre-
cedents of the common usage of our banking in-
stitutions throughout the country, and these being
mere circulating bills, notes that go from hand to
hand, the United States having received value for
them,and as without the production of full proof
of {he loss of the bills the Government cannot be
called on to refund them,the committee thought
it was a clear case of justice and right,and that
the relief ought to be accorded.
Mr. DAVIS. There are some cases somewhat
similar to this before the Committee on Claims,
of which I am a member, and I see that this morn-
ing another claim of the same character has been
referred to the same committee. It is perfectly
plain that these cases are going to multiply very
greatly in number and amount. Where it is clearly
arid satisfactorily established that bills have been
destroyed, ! suppose some such measure as this
would be not unjust or improper. With a view
to that point, I will ask for the reading of the
report in this case.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be read, if
there be no objection.
The Secretary read, as follows:
The Committee on Finance, to whom was referred the
petition ol the Adams Kxpic&s Company lor the passage ol
an act authorizing the ivuc to them of new Tj ea.-my note*
In the place ol others alleged to have been deployed while
in their custody, ip*-peetlnlly repmt :
That from the proofs Milunittecl to them it Mitisfaetouly
appeal? that several packages nddiessed to varum-* parlies
at New Orleans, and containing in the ablegate in
leg.il tender Treasury notes, were, by liie kih! company,
together with vaimiH oilier paekatfe , placed in <ui-iron
sate, which was t.e,iled and inclosed in an non-strapped
wooden box and shipped at Now Yoi k on boaid the steamer
15io Bio, consigned id the agent, ol the company at New Or-
leans. The steamer left New York on the JUth of March,
3863, slopped at Havana, where the said box and safe were
removed lYom between decks to the lower liold,and airived
nt the levee at New Ot leans during the night of the 21>i of
the same month, and early on the next morning way dis-
covered to be on fne. Every effort was made to extinguish
it, but without success, until, m consequence of the inn n-
ing of her hawser, the steamer slid from the levee and
Bank beneath the surface ot the water. Divers weie speed-
ily employed, and the use of divitig bells and othci wieck-
ing Appliance"' le^oited to and continued tor mx or eight
weeks, but without otlici iomiH than the jecovery of a h w
ca>esof ineichandiMj and some ol the machine] y and equip-
ments of the vessel. It mm;iiis ih.tt ilu ic i> a Miung eddv
at the place where the steamer Mink, and that the wn-ck
Was soon hurled in sand oi alluvion, rendering the fuilher
efforts of the divers unavailing, and thoieeoveiy of the sale
ami contents apparently impossible.
Fioiu the facts stated, the Tieasury notes in question
having now been under water more than fouiteen months,
the committee believe that the de.Mtuuiou of the said notes
is complete, even if the sate and contents ai e not absolutely
irrecoverable. They therefore recommend the passage of
the accompanying hill,
Mr. POMfcHlOY. I do not rise for the sake of
objecting particulatly to this bill at this time if
the Senate are prepaied to enter upon this ques-
tion of paying claims of this character. The Com-
mittee on Claims have had a very large amount
of this class of cases referred to them, and I had
supposed that this case way thcie. 1 have had
my attention called to it a number of limes. We
have not yet felt called upon to present to the
Senate cases of this kind. There was a paymas-
ter on tins very steamer that warns relief, who
lost his money. This is a relief bill for the
Adams Express Company. There are piles of
such lulls now befoio the various committees of
thu body; and if this is to be established as a
precedent to pass all the balance of them I shall
oppose it; that is, I shall be opposed to entering
upon that work at this time. F do not think we
are prepared for it; and i think the i\dams Ex-
press Company are no greater sufferers than in-
dividuals who have lost a vast amount in the same
Way. I do not know why we should take this
case, in the interest, as it is, of a very large and |
wealthy corporation, and pass a bill for their re- !
lief, while paymasters and commissaries, private
individuals, have, I think I may be safe in say-
ing, millions of claims of this very character pie-
sented before this Senate. Unless the chairman
of the Committee on Claims, who has had this
question particularly in charge, wishes to enter
upon the payment of this class of claims now, I
shall ask for its postponement.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President 
Mr. SHERMAN. If my friend from Ken-
tucky will allow me I will submit a motion that
this bill be committed totheCommitteeon Claims.
As they have similar claims before them I think
that probably would be the best disposition of
it. I move, therefore, that it be referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. DAVIS. I was going to make that motion
myself.
The motion was agreed to. -
RECIPROCITY TREATY.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate now
proceed with the consideration of the joint reso-
lution relating to the reciprocity treaty.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 56) authorizing the President of the
United States to give to the Government of Great
Britain the notice required for the termination of
the reciprocity tieaty of the 5th of June, A. D.
1854, the pending question being on the passage
of the joint resolution.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I sometime ago,
when this lesolution was under consideiation m
the Senate, moved that it be postponed until the
6th of January, and the Senate were courteous
enough to postpone it under the impression, as it
seemed to be from the talk, that 1 desired to ad-
dress the Senate upon it; but I had no such desire
in particular. I looked upon the measure as one
that would be highly disastrous to the best inter-
ests of the country. I believed that it resulted not
from any broad views of its operation, for I am
compelled to say—I regret to say it, but I say it
with all couitesy to the Senate—that it seemed
to me there waa a veiy great lack of information
on the subject, and which the Senate ought to
have before they acted upon it; and, to be perfectly
candid, I must say that it appeared to my mind
the Senate were about to rush upon a course of
legislation stimulated by passion and resentment
at some fancied wrong that this country was suf-
fering under from the action of these colonial gov-
ernments.
1 was one of those who at the time this treaty
was adopted looked upon it with great favor, i
looked upon it as a matk and a step in the right
direction. I looked upon itns one ofthose health-
ful indications of the application of Christian prin-
ciple to the legislation and diplomacy of nations.
I believed that it was an onward path in the
march of national morals indicative of a betterand
a puter and a higher state of things than that
which had heretofore prevailed, 1 believed so
then, and I believe so now; and to my mind this
proposition to abrogate the reciprocity tieaty is
a step back from the advancing Civilization of the
present age to the datk ages of resti icuon which
so long hampered the progress of nations.
I am surprised at the haste with which this
proposition is now urged. The nation is about
to retrace its well-considered steps from a position
which it took so long ago; and at whose instance ?
Not at the instance of the Committee on Com-
merce, although the commercial interests arc those
that aie to be most vastly affected by it. Not at
the suggestion of the Committee on Finance, fiom
which it should have appiopnately been advised
if the real teason for this measure whs the one
that was hinted at by the honoiableSenatorfiom
Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] that the tieaty
ought to be abrogated at a time like this when we
were looking about us to find subjects of taxation
to replenish and to aid our exhausted Treasury.
If that was the ground on which this resolution
was placed, I would not say a word against it. If
it had originated from a purpose and u desiie to
aid the national Treasury in this hour of the coun-
] try'a peril, to supply men or nmmxy for the gigan-
tic effort which we are now making for national
' existence and national honor, 1 never would ha\e
I said one word or one syllable against Jt. But that
is not the ground. The Committed on Commerce
have not been heard from. The Committee on
Finance have not been heard from. It comes from
the Committee on Foreign Relations; and there-
fore I think it may be considered as coming not
from the commercial nor from the financial in-
terests, nor those who represent those interests.
I have been a little astonished also that in this
great measure, in this, to my mind, retrograde
movement in the national legislation, we should
have been called upon to take so momentous and
to my mind so disastrous a step without any re-
port even from the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, setting forth the reasons why it has been
recommended at this time. I know that an at-
tempt has been made to kill this treaty by calling
it bad names. Even the candid and ingenuous
Senator from Massachusetts speaks of it not as
" the reciprocity treaty,'' but as 41 the so-called
reciprocity treaty." It has been said that it oper-
ates all one way; that it is one-sided.
1 am reminded by that of a similar argument
that was used to me some twenty years ago, when
I first had the honor of a seat in Congress. I
boarded in a mess where there were two or three
gentlemen from the State of South Carolina. In
looking over the census, I remarked that from
1820 to 1830, 1 think it was—or it may possibly
have been the next decade, from 1830 to 1840—
while the country had wonderfully progressed,
the singular fact appeared that the city of Charles-
ton, in South Carolina, had not only made no
comparative increase, but had made anaetualde-
crease; so that at the end of those ten years she
was less in population than she had been ten years
before. I confess the matter struck mc as singu-
lar, and I called the attention of the gentleman
representing South Carolina who boarded with
mo to it, and asked him what it meant, lie looked
at me as if he considered me exceedingly green to
ask such a question, and replied at once promptly,
" it is the tariff; the tariff does it." 1 waited a
moment, and then inquired, "What particular
feature of the tariff is it that lias operated so dis-
astrously upon Charleston, South Carolina?"
" Well," he replied, " perhaps it would be dtfB-
| cult to put your finger upon the piecise feature,
! but it is the general operation of the whole thing,
raising the price of everything that we have to
buy and lowering that of everything we have to
sell." [Laughter.] Gtuite as indefinite and quite
as unsatisfactory are the reasons assigned by
those who urge the abrogation of this treaty.
1 have endeavored to look into this subject a
little, and but a very little, for I do not represent
a great commercial community, i do not repre-
sent the city of Boston, whose life is commerce.
I do not represent the Empire City, whose daily
food and daily breath is commerce. But, sir, I
have an interest m common with all the members
upon this floor in everything that relates to the
welfare of my country, and what relates to the
welfare of any part of it, Boston, New Yoik, or
any other place, relates to mc; and I have taken
the trouble of looking somewhat at the operation
of this treaty in gross. It may be possible, and
1 have no doubt that it is so, that some special
pleader may put his hand upou some particular
aiticle and show that since the adoption of the
reciprocity treaty there has been less ofit exported
fiom the United States to the Ihitish provinces
than there was before the adoption of the reci-
procity treaty. Cut, sir, what do the official ta-
bles furnished by the Secretary of the Tteasury
show in relation to the practical operation of this
treaty? I will read from a letter of the Secretary
of the Treasury communicated to the House of
Representatives February 21, 16C4, in answer to
u resolution of the House of December previous.
It will be recollected thutthir> tieaty was adopted
in 1854. I have here, jn this letter of the Secre-
tai y, a statement of the value of the imports into
Canada. This table relates simply to the imports
into Canada from the United States for thuteen
years, from 1^50 to 1660 inclusive, with the
amounts ofdutie.s paid. Foi instance: in 1650 the
total imports into Canada from the United States
wcre$6,594,8G0  and the amount of duties paid was
£1,069)814. They went on gradually increasing,
sometimes from year to year varying a little; but
in 1855, the next year after the ratification ol tins
tieaty, our expoits to Canada alone went up to
$20,323,676, they being but $15,533,093 the year
before; the next year they were $22,'*/04.509, and
