1865.
THE CONCESSIONAL, SLOBS^
Asahel W. Hubbard, John II. Hubbard, Ingersoll, Jenckes,
Kclley, Fiancis W. Kellogg, Orlando Kellogg, Knox,
Loan. Lonjryear, McBnde, McClurg, Samuel F. Miller,
Moorhead, Morrill, Daniel Morns, Amos Myers, Leonard
Myers, Norton, Chariess O'Neill, Orth, Patterson, Per-
ham. Price, John H. Rice, Edward H. Rollins, Schenck,
ScofWd, Shannon, Sloan, Smithers, Starr, Thayer, Up-
son, Williams. Wilson, Wood bridge, and Worthington-i-64.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Wilham J. Alien, Alley,
BVooks, James S. Brown, Chanler, Fireman Clarke, Cres-
wfell, Fiank. Hotchkiss, Philip Johnson, William Johnson,
Kasson, McDowell, Mclndoe, Middlettfn, John O'Neill,
Perry, Robinson, Scott, Spalding, Voorhees, Ward', J3Iihu
B;. Washburne, Chilton A. White, Wilder, Wmdom, *nd
Benjamin Wood—27.
So the bill and amendments were kid on the
table.
Mr. CRAVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill and amendments were laid on
the table; and also moved to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
Mr. UPSON called for the yeas and nays on
the latter motion,
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, called for tellers on
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Davis, of
Maryland, and Dawson, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers repoited—
ayes thn ty-three, noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 92, nays 57, not voting 33;
as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. James C. Allen, Aricona, Anderson,
Baily, Augustus (J. Baldwin, Bliss, Boyd, James S. Brown,
William G. Biown, Clay, Cobb, Cox, Cravens, Coffroth,
Thomas T. Davis, Dawes, Dawson, Denison, Eckley,
Eden, Edsjerton, JEldndge, English, Farnsworth. Fmck,
Ganson, Gooch, Gruicr, Griswold, Hale, Hall, Harding,
Harrington, Benjamin (*. Harris, Chailes M. Harris, Iler-
riek, Holnuin, Hulhurd, Hutchins, Ingersoll, Julian, Kalb-
fleisch, Kernan, Kins, Knapp, Law, Lazear, Le Blond,
Lutlejohn, Long, Mallory, Marcy, Marvin, McAllister, Mc-
Kmney, William 11. Miller, James R.Morris, Moriison,
Nelson, Noble, Norton, Odell, Pendleton, Pike, Pomeroy,
Pruyn, Radford,.Samuel J. Rahdall, William H. Randall,
Alexander H. Rice,Rogers, James S. Rollins, Smith, John
B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stevens, Stiles, Strouse,
Stuart, Thomas, Townsend, Tracy, Van Valkenburgh,
Wadswurth. William B. Washburn, Webster, Whalcy,
Wheeler, Joseph W. White, Winfield, Fernando Wood,
and Yeaman—92.
NAYS—Mes*rs. Allison, Ames, Arnold, Ashley, John
D. Baldwin, Baxter, Seaman, Blame, Blow, Boutvvell,
Braudegee, Broomall, Ambrose W. Clark, Cole, Henry
Winter Davis, Deinimr, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs, Du-
mont, Eliot, Garfield, GrinneH, Higby, Hooper, John H.
Hubbard, Kclley, Francis W. Kellogg, Orlando Kellogg,
Knox, Loan, Longyear, McBride, McClurg, Samuel F.
Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Daniel MorriS, Amos Myers,
Leonard Myers, Charles O'Neill, Orth, Perham, Pritfe,
John H. Rice, Edward H. Rollins, Schenck, Scofield,
Shannon, Sloan, Smithers, Starr, Thayer, Upson, Wil-
liams, Wilson, and Worthington—57.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. VVilliom J. Allen, Alloy, Blair,
Brooks, Chanler, Freeman Clarke, Creswell,Frank, Hotch-
kiss, Asahel W. Ilubbard, Jenckes, Philip Johnson, Wil-
liam Johnson, Kasson, McDowell, Mclndoe, Mtddleton,
John O'Neill, Patterson, Perry, Robinson, Ross, Scott,
Spalding, Sweat, Voorhees, Ward, Elihu B. Washburne,
Chilton A. White, Wilder, Windoni, Benjamin Wood,
and Wootlbridge—-33.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
ELECTION CASES.
The SPEAKER. Reports from the Committee
of Elections are in order, under the order of the
House, during the remainder of this day.
Mr. DAWES. I am laboring under hoarse-
ness to-day, and I do not propose to call uj^the
election cases at this time. '&
ASSAULT ON HON. W. D. KELLEY. %
Mr. BEAM AN. I rise to a privileged question.
I desire to call up the report of the select com-
mittee to investigate the assault upon Hon. W*
D. Kelley, As the report is very brief, an<$
as many members have not had an opportunity to
examine it, I ask that it be read, together with
the resolutions appended.
The Clerk read, as follows:
The select committee raised by resolution of the House
of the 23d ultimo, in which it is alleged that it is under-
stood that on the evening of Friday, the 20th instant, A. P.
Field, a citizen of Louisiana, did attempt, by language of
intimidation and buJlying,'todeter William D. KsLLBY,a
Representative m this Il6u&€ from the fouith district of the
State of Pennsylvania, from the free and fearless exercise
of his rights and duties as a member of Congress and voting
and deciding upon a pending subject of legislation, and did
follo\v up the said attempt at intimidation and bullying by an
assault upon the person of the said Representative Kelley,
thus committing a breach of the privilege of this Houf-e,"
and by which itTis directed that an inquiry be made "'into
the said alleged breach ol privilege," and "that the said
committee have power to send for persons and papers and
\9 examine ami that the committee report as
soon as possible all the facts and circumstances of the affair,
and what order, if any, it is proper for this House to take
for the vindication of its privilege arid right and duty of free
legislation and judgment," report;
That your committee proceeded to take the testimony of
several witnesses touching the subject-matter of said reso-
lution in the presence of the said A. P. Field, many of whom
wbre produced by said Field, and all of whom were subject
to his examination or cross-examination. The committee
also received the voluntary statement of said Field, which
said testimony and statement accompany this report.
From the facts and circumstances thus elicited itap-,
pears that on the evening of Fiiday,the20th ultimo, abo.ut
the lime of eleven o'clock, Mr. William D. Kelley, a
Representative of this House from the fourth district of the
State of Pennsylvania, with several of his friends* was at
tea atWillard's hotel, in this city; that Mr-Field sat-at
the same table with them, and that other gentlemen and
many ladies were also present; that while Mr. Kelley was
engaged in conversaticin-with his friends, Mr. Field, some
what abruptly and in a loud and offensive tone of voice,
interrupted him by saying, " Judge, why do you keep us
out m the cold? Why don't you admit us?" That Mr.
Kelley, after a little hesitation, responded by saying,
" Judge, 1 have nothing to do with your case ; it is in the
hands of the committee, and has not yet come before the
House. I <5annot have anything to do with.it until it comes
before'the Houseand then resumed conversation with
Ills friends. Mr. Field then addressed Mr. Kelley as fol-
lows: " Why don't you march up to the line and toe the
mark ? Why don't' you show yourhand ?" Mr. Kelley
continued, without any reply, to converse with his friends,
until alter a Utile tune Mi. Field repeated the interroga-
toi ics last mentioned j wheicupon Mr. Kelley said,"-Judge,
if you will inquire of gentlemen who know me, you will
find that it is my habit to march nght up to the line and
to toe the maik, regardless of consequences," and then
turned to listen to the conversation of his fyends. Mr.
Field then broke out with more violent and profane lan-
guage, and said to Judge Kelley that "he did not dare
lace his constituents;-?'that" he did not dare go homelike
an honest man that({he quailed before them after hav-
ing acted as he had done or was doing." To this Mr.
Kelley leplied, in a low and subdued tone of voice,
" Judge Field, my constituents will not rebuke me for ex-
cluding from Congress a man who behaves as you do—a
man like you—one who behaves in the presence of ladies
as you are now doing." Mr. Field then rose from his seat,
"seemed" to approach Mr. Kelley, bwearing that he
(Kelley) "must take that back;" exclaimed, "g—d
d—n you, sir, a man like me—a man like me! Come to
the hall!" and then parsed out into the hall, uttering, as
he moved along, " You will feel me when you do come to
the hall."
It furthor appears that after the lapse of about twenty
minutes from the time at which Mr. Field went out, Mr.
Kelley, with his friends, rose irom the table and proceeded
to the hall; that as soon as he reached the hall Mr. Field
advanced with rapid steps toward him, having his right
hand in his pocket or "close to his body," and seizing Mr.
Kelley with the left hand by the collar of his overcoat,
whirling him around, and exclaiming at the same time,
" G—d d—n you, you must give me satisfaction," struck
him on the left hand with a pocket-knife, producing a se-
rious wound. Tii the mean time Mr. Kelley, having seized
his antagonist by the collar of his coat, held him, saying
" You are too old a man for me to. stcike—.go away, go
away peaceably." Mr. Flfcid attempted again to strike, and
continued to '-truggle and make threats until the bystand-
ers took hold of the parties, and they-were separated. That
after their separation Mr. Field, with words of profanity
exclaimed, " 1 will shoot him befoie I go to bed." He de-
claiod " that he was armfd and again he said " he was
armed, and would punish Judge Kelley before he went
away."
It further appears from thfe testimony that for some days
before the collision betw&m the parties, and during which
time Mr. Field was entirely free from artificial excite-
ment, he seemed toha.v'e the impression that Mr. Kelley
was an obstacle in tbe^tvay of his admission to a seat in the
House. He said " that the only man m his way was Judge
Kelley." " He indulged in some severe remarks about
Judge Kelley's position." " 11c spoke of Judge Kelley
rather contemptuously." "lie said he had no doubt he
should succeed if it were not for Judge Kelley." " He
manifested a great deal of bitterness.""
It is proper'here to state that Mr. Field does not deny
the substantial iacts in the case as hereinbefore stated.
On the contrary, he says, " 1 have no doubt that all of Judge
Kelley's Statements are correct, as he recollects the facts,"
but he elffcrms he " was at the time laboring under much ex-
citemei$ " and says 4< I do protest before you to-day, with
an assignee that comes Irom the sincerity of my heart,
that i^Xvass the farthest from my intention to have attempted
to serene, by any threats of intimidations or bullying, any
un<pae influence over the honorable gentleman from Penn-
sylvania;" and the evidence taken by your committee
<fegems to show that, during some days previous to the as-
sault upon Mr. Kelley, Mr. Field was suffering from de-
pression of spirits, and some excitement of the nervous
system, and it i* believed, in view of the evidence, that at
the time of the assault he was to some degree under the
influence of ardent spirits. Testimony was also produced
to fhow the peaceable di-posiuon of Mr. Field when free
from intoxication, and that he was " a gentleman of cor-
rect deportment, kind and amiable in his intercourse with
others, unexceptionable in his demeanor, except on occa-
sions of indulgence in conviviality, which utterly unfit him
for association with the world." A witnesssays, " When
he doesdnnk, he is what 1 regard as an insane man."
The foregoing statement contains, substantially, the
"facts and circumstance** of the affair" as found by your
committee. The conduct of Mr. Kelley throughout the
entiie transaction was unblamable, and the difficulty on
his part was wholly unprovoked. They arc satisfied by the
evidence that at the tim#  of the assault Mr. Field was to
some degree intoxicated by drink-; but however this fact,
which is in itself an offense, may be regarded as a circum-
stance of explanation^ they cannot deem-it an excuse for.
the commission of misdemeanor and. a .violation of tbe
privilege ofthe Ho^ise. The fact is not to be overlooked
that for some time previous to the comtniesteh of die of-
fense, and when the mind of the respondent wasunclouded
by artificial stimulants, he looked upon Mr. KBi^LEY-with
some asperity, as an obstacle in the way .of obtaioipghis
seat. His language of intimidation and threafsJust pre-
ceding the^assault had direct and unmistakable reference
to « a pendifigsubject of legislationand though intoxi-
cation might have had some-and even the principal agency •
in giving form and direction to his intent, neveitbeless,,ia
I the opinion of your committee, that intention, by whatever
cause induced, existed, provoked the language employed,
and.led to the subsequent assault.
Your committee find that the^aid A. P. Field is amenable
to the charge alleged in said resolution, and, that he has
committed a breach of the privf^ge of tbe Uouse.
They recommend4he adoption of the following resolu-
tions,and ask to be discharged from a further consideration
of the subject:
Resolved, That the Speaker do issue his warrant, di-
rected to the Sergeant-at-Arms attending this House, com-
manding him to take into custody, wherever to be found,
the body of A. P. Field, convicted of a breach of the priv-
ilege of the House in the attempt, by language of intimida-
tion and bullying, to deter William D. Kelley, a Repre-
sentative m this House from the fourth district of the State
of Pennsylvania, from the free and frarh-ss exercis<  of uis
rights and duties as a member of Congress, and voting and
deciding upon a pending subject of legislation and m fol-
lowing up the said attempt at intimidation and bullying by
an assault upon the peison of the said Representative
Kelley, and forthwith bring him to the bar of the House,
and that thereupon said A. P. Field be repiimanded by the
Spea-kcr.
Resolved, That so much of the resolution of this House
of the 5th day of December last gianting tlie privilege of
the Hall to the claimants for seats from the State of Louisi-
ana as applies to the said A. P. Field be rescinded.
F. C. BEAMAN,
E. H. ROLLINS,
JOHN D. BALDWIN.
Mr. BEAMAN. I now call the previous ques-
tion. If this call should be sustained, 1 will then
yield a portion of the time to which I witl-be en-
titled to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Townsend,] my colleague on the committee,
who, 1 understand, desires to make some sug-
gestions on this subject.
Mr. COX. Is it in order to call for the reading
of a portion of the report?
The SPEAKER. The report has just been
read by the Clerk.
Mr. COX. I mean a portion that has not been
read.
The SPEAKER. It would not.
Mr. COX. Does the Speaker rule that I have
not the right to call for the reading of a letter.of
Judge Field contained in this report?
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman were en-
titled to the floor he could have the whole-report
read during his hour; but not being entitled to
the floor he has no right to call for the reading
of any part of it.
Mr. COX. Was the report read awhile ago
as a part of the remarks of the gentleman from
Michigan, [Mr. Beaman*]
The SPEAKER. It was.
The previous question was seconded, and the*
main question ordered.
Mr. BEAMS. I now yield a portion of my
time to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Townsend.]
Mr. TOWNSEND. Mr. Speaker, my col-
league on the committee, the honorable gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Robjnsk>n,]expected toaddress
the House on this subject, but he was unavoida-
bly called away. Coinciding, as 1 do, in his
views, the duty devolves upon me; and as I am
hardly prepared for the occasion 1 must ask the
indulgence of the House in my attempt to state
the views which influence my colleague and my-
self.
1 do not know that there was any difference'in
the committee in reference to the facts connected
with the assault upon the honorable gentleman
from Pennsylvania; but there was a difference, and
my colleague and myself held it to be a vital one,
in determining the question now before the House.
The first resolution reported by the committee
recites that A. P. Field has been " convicted of a
breach ofthe privilege ofthe House in the attempt,
by language of intimidation and bullying,to deter
William D. Kelley, a Representative in this
House from the fourth district of the State of
Pennsylvania, from the free and fearless exercise
of his rights and duties as a member of Congress,
and voting and deciding upon a pending subject
of legislation."
Upon this portion of the report my colleague
and myself found occasion to differ with the other
