1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
in 1362 they were $25,173,157. Thus it will be
seen that under the operation of this reciprocity
treaty the exports from the United States to Can-
ada have increased from six million to twenty-
five million annually—more than quadrupled.
1 will show you now another table. The value
of free goods imported into Canada in 1850 was
$791,128; and they gradually increased until they
had got up to §19,044,374 in 3863, the last year
that there was any return. The value offreegoods
imported into Canada had increased from consid-
erably l^ss than $1,000)000 up to nearly $20,000,-
000. Notwithstanding this great increase, more
than thirty times, of the amount of free goods, by
which the vast amount of exports to Canada went
in duty free, the value of duty-paying goods had
actually increased from 1850 to 1862, under the
operation of this reciprocity treaty to $6,128,783.
While the goods imported free of duty had in-
creased more than twenty fold, from less than a
$1,000,000, up to $20,000,000, or a fraction less
than that amount, the duty-paying goods had also
increased at the same time.
I have been told by some persons who proba-
bly did not know any better, that Canada had
made alterations in her tariff; that while she pre-
tended to have a reciprocity treaty which, as the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts says, was
a reciprocity treaty only m name, she had altered
her own tariff, and made the revenue which she
collected burdensome to our commerce. I have
here the rate per cent, of the duties paid, furnished
by the Secretary of the Treasury of the United
States, by which it appears that the rale per cent,
of duty paid on exports to Canada in 1850 was
18.43 per cent., and they have never been higher
than 20.64 percent.; that is, they have risen from
18.43 to 20.64; but that has been decreased since,
so that in 1861 the last year named in the tables
of the Secietary, the duties were nineteen per
cent. 1 will give the duties from year to year. In
1850 they weie 18.43, in 1851, 18.26; in 1852,
18.82; in 1853, 16 94; in 1854, 16.42; in 1855,
15.60; in 1856,16.13; in 1*57, 16.30; in 1858,19,02;
in 1859, 20.2U; in 1860, 20.64, which is the high-
est they ever were; and in 1861, the last year
these tables give the rate per cent, of duties, they
were nineteen per cent. In other words they were
a very small fraction over a half per cent, larger
than they wcie in 1850. That is the legislation
of the Canadian authorities in regard to duties;
so that the pretense that there has been any un-
fair advantage taken by way of duties upon the
country is a mistake.
The tables which I have just read relate to the
imports into Canada. The exports to Canada
and the provinces—for there are four other prov-
inces, and I think but four—are given by our
Secretary in a table commencing m 1821 and end-
ing m 1863. In 1853 the whole domestic exports
to Canada and all the provinces from the United
States were $7,404,087. In 1854, the year of the
treaty, they went up to $15,204,144; in 1855 they
were $15,806,642; in 1856 they were $22,714,697,
and so they go on; and in 1863, the last year
which the table furnishes, they were $28,629,110.
Mr. ANTHONY. I should like to ask the
Senator a question, if he will allow me.
Mr. HALE. Certainly.
Mr. COLLAMER. I understand the rate of
duty which the Senator reads to be the average
rate upon all articles.
Mr. IIALE. Yes, sir.
Mr. ANTHONY. While the average rate of
duty has been maintained about the same, has
there not been a very greatincrease upon certain
specific articles?
Mr. 1IALE. I am not advised of that.
Mr. ANTHONY. Because, after all, the du-
ties may be arranged very greatly to our disad-
vantage, and yet the average remain the same.
Mr. COLLAMER. Tiiat percentage, 1 take
it, is on theii whole importation, free and all.
Mr. ANTHONY. That is the percentage on
the whole; but thcie may be 'a very gieat vari-
ation on different articles, and yet retain the same
average. Therefore, unless we understand how
the rates have been averaged on particular ai ti-
des, 1 do not see that the aveiage rate answers
the complaint at all.
Mr. HALE. 1 do not know how these tables
are made; but I have no idea that they include
the free goods.
Mr. QOLLAMER. Yes, sir.
Mr. HALE. I cannot believe a word of that,
with all respect to the Senator, because the table
purports to give the value of free goods, and then
in the next column the value of duty-paying
goods, the amount of duty paid, and the rate per
cent.
Mr. COLLAMER. That furnishes elements
enough, I take it, to ascertain it.
Mr. HALE. If I have the slightest under-
standing of the English language and arithmetic
figures, that 18.43 per cent, is the rate of duty on
tilt* duty-paying goods.
I was going on with this other table which in-
cludes the exports both to Canada and the prov-
inces, with the total of imports from both; and they
have increased, as I said,from $2,009,336 in 1821
to$28,629,110 in 1863; and the imports havegone
up from $490,704 to $19,299,995. Here are a
great number of tables shown and presented,and
if they were considered 1 think they would lead
the Senate and everybody else to the conclusion
that the treaty is not entirely obnoxious to the
charge of being one-sided altogether. It has in-
creased your commerce, and increased it in a very
vast proportion.
I am not prepared to go into the details of this
matter, because, as 1 have said, I have not exam-
ined it. I was astonished to find a measure like
this, which is toaffcctourcommerce so materially
and in so important a manner, pressed upon the
country without the Senate waiting to get the
slightest information from the commercial world
upon the operation and bearing of this treaty.
This subject is now, while i address the Senate,
under the consideration of the Chamber of Com-
merce of New York. They have had it under
consideration. It has been referred to a select
committee, and that committee have made a re-
port. I was desirous of seeing that report. I
addressed a letter to the Chamber of Commerce
exprrssmg my desire to see it, hoping that it
would furnish some light that might possibly have
some influence here in the Senate. The president
of the hoard wrote to me that the report was a
very able one, that it was ordered to be printed,
and that as soon as it was printed he would fur-
nish me with a copy of it, which I have not yet
received. I believe the report has been made
within a week. I understand through the papers,
though I do not know it, that the Chamber of
Commeice of the city of Chicago have also had
the subject under consideration, and they have
made a report upon it. I do not know what the
chamcter of that report is, but I am told that it
is adveise to the abrogation of this treaty. It
seems to me, «u , this country if it lives at all must
live by commerce; and as commerce is the only
mode we have adopted except under the stringen-
cies of war for the raising of revenue, that it would
be well for the Senate and for the Congress to
hear fiom that great vital interest of the country
which is to be so seriously affected by this meas-
ure before they enter upon any hasty legislation
on the subject.
Mr. President, there is another question con-
nected with this subject, the question relating to
our fisheries. If there has been any one subject
upon which this country has been excessively
anxious and cautious and sensitive it has been m
relation to ourfisheries on this northeastern coast.
It has been the subject of very difficult diplo-
matic correspondence. It was so at the formation
of the treaty at the conclusion of the war of 1812.
So ill-defined were our rights under the existing
treaties wuh Great Britain in regard to these fish-
eries that immediately preceding the ratification
of this reciprocity treaty we were upon the point
of war with Great Britain in relation to them.
Our fishing vessels hud been seized by the British
Government within waters which the British Gov-
ernment contended we had no light to occupy.
Mr. Webster, who was never supposed to be fond
of surrendering any rights of this country, ad-
mitted, when Secretary of State, that the con-
struction put upon the previous treaty of 1818 by
Great Britain was the right one. We were upon
the point of war when this reciprocity treaty so
happily adjusted these difficulties. The question
arose in this way: Great Britain contended, or
the.colonial authorities contended and the claim
was sanctioned by Great Bi itam, that the light of
the Biitish Government to exclude our fishermen
from their waters three miles of the coast was
measured from the headland of one point to the
headland of another, andexcladingourfisherhien
entirely from the bays and three miles outside of
the bays. That construction was resisted by us,
but was contended for by Great Britain, and, as 1
say, it had produced collision and the capture of
some of our fishermen. That was all happrfy
adjusted by this treaty.
As I have said, the subject of the-fisheries is
one upon which this country has always been ex-
tremely sensitive. So exceedingly careful have
the Congress of the United States been to-preserve
this right, that now, in time of war, when.weo!re
taxing the people to the utmost point of endurance,
and they are paying those taxes liberally and
cheerfully, this fishing interest is considered so
absolutely indispensable to the welfare of the
country as a means of training the seamen neces-
sary in war, that when the impression seemed to
be pretty general that the fishing bounties were to
be abandoned, the honorable Senator from Maine
[Mr. Morrill]—as he knows how to do aa well
as any other man—set forth in such strong and
vivid characters the' claim of these fishermen to
the favorable consideration of the Government
of the country that he actually induced the Sen-
ate to refuse to suspend those bounties to these
fishermen in time of war on the ground that they
were necessary as a matter of encouragement to
the nurtureoffishermen who were to fillourNuvy;
and the law now stands on our statute-book to
pay this bounty to these fishermen, and to pay it
upon that express and solo ground that the fish-
eries are necessary asaschoolof nurture and edu-
cation for seamen.
I confess that I was a little surprised at the in-
difference with which my honorable friend from
Maine [Mr. Farwell] seemed to regard this ques-
tion, for it seemed to me that in the sentiments he
avowed he went entirely counter to wha-t 1 under-
stand to be the policy of this country from the
time we have been a country, from the Revolution
and the war of 1812. If lie tells me that the con-
struction that tire British Government put upon
the old treaty, excluding from three marine miles
of their shore, and measuring that shore from head-
land to headland, does not debar our fishermen
from anything that is valuable, I think he is ex-
cessively mistaken. I think if the fishermen of
this country could be heard on this subject they
would say that they would rather give up the
bounty than have that restriction restored by the
abrogation of that treaty.
Suppose this treaty is imperfect; suppose its
opeiation is not everything that we could wish it
to be; and 1 do not contend that it is, I am will-
ing to believe all that gentlemen say, that there
are some things about it which may be amended
and ought lo be amended. Let me ask the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts how does he propose to
get it amended? Why, sir, by abrogating the
whole of it; blotting it out. What do you sur-
render by that? You surrender your rightof fish-
ing; you surrender the rightof the navigation of
the St. Lawrence; you surrender the right of car-
rying vessels down through the Welland canal;
you isolate the lakes; and you surrender all that
upon the suggestion that after you have done this
you can institute some new measure of diplomacy
and inaugurate some new treaty by which every-
thing that is valuable to us may be secured. Sir,
it is a delusive idea. If you abrogate.this treaty
it will be looked upon in Canada, it will be looked
upon by Great Britain, and it will be looked upon
in this country, by some, certainly, as a measure
of retaliation springing outof a resentment, which
I grant you is just,for some wrongs we have suf-
fered at the hands of these colonies.
But, Mr. President, we had better be a little
cautious before we take so decided a step. I un-
derstand from the best authority that the Cana-
dian Government are now doing all that can pos-
sibly be asked of them by this Government, in
their efforts to suppress anything like what has
unhappily occurred; that they have called out a
very large military force, and that they have
offered to our Government almost any measure
of relief and precaution that the Government may
suggest. I think it is a fact that they have offered,
if thete are any individuals in Canada in whom
this Government have perfect confidence, and
whom they would like to have in authority, to
appoint them arid to commission them. I be-
lieve honestly that everything that people and
that Government can do that is consistent with
