1865.
THE .CONGRESSIONAL; GLOBE.
973
death bat for the intervention of third parties.
This assault was preceded by violent and offensive
language, or, as the resolution expresses it, by
language of bullying and intimidation. Such
manifestly is the case before the House. The
question then arises, what is the duty of the
House under the circumstances?
We are told by the gentleman from New York
that although the facts are as stated; although an
assault has been committed; although the lan-
guage of " bullying" has been used; although
threats and intimidation have been employed; we
atfe told, nevertheless, by my colleague on the
com mittee—the gentleman from New York—that
  after all there was no intention on the part of the
respondent to commit any offense upon the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, or any offense against
the privilege of this House.
Mr. TOWNSEND. I think the gentleman
from Michigan is mistaken when he says that it
is conceded that there was an attempt at intimi-
dation and bullying. I took particular pains to
deny that fact.
Mr. BEAMAN. Very well. The language
such as l have indicated was used beyond a doubt.
Now let us see if there was any such attempt.
Therespondentgoes to a table where Mr. Kelley
was sitting with his friends. He addresses him
abruptly and in an offensive manner. He says,
" Why do you keep us out in the cold?" He
adds violent, insolent, and profane language.
Such is the language of bullying. He told Mr.
Kelley that " he did not dare face his constitu-
ents;" that" he did not dare go hortie likean hon-
est man;" that " he quailed before them after
having acted as he had done or was doing." That
was the language of intimidation, obviously in-
tended, if it had any meaning, to affect the action
of Mr. Kelley on a pending subject of legislation,
and to impress him with the conviction that he
must change his course or receive the condemna-
tion of his constituents. It was in the nature of
a threat of evil to fall upon him unless he should
change his course of action.
Mr. Speaker, I submit to all lawyers of this
House, to all men of common understanding,
whether such language does not sustain the charge
of " bullying" and intimidation? He tells Mr.
Kelley that he dares not face his constituents
after what he has done; that he will quail before
them. Is not that an attempt to change the course
of Mr. ICelley; to warn him of what was in
store for him at the hands of his constituents if he
continued to oppose the admission of Mr. Field?
Ifnhat was not his motive what purpose had he
to accomplish ?
Mr. GANSON. I wish to put one question to
the gentleman from Michigan.
Mr.-BEAMAN. Not now, sir. Thenextques-
tion that arises is, was there any motive in fact
for the coriductof Mr. Field ? My colleague [Mr.
Townsend] says that he was in such a condition
as not to know what he was doing; that therefore
^there could be no inducement for his violent lan-
guage and action, and that for the time being he
was irresponsible for his acts.
The question of motive sometimes becomes
material in considering this class of cases. In
criminal investigations,and especially when there
is doubt as to the fact, the motive often becomes
a material question for inquiry. Was there, could
there be any motive here?
Let us look atthe testimony of Colonel White.
He testifies that he conversed with Mr. Field on
the day before the difficulty occurred,and he says
at that time:
"He was perfectly sober and correct. I commenced
conversation with him about matters in his own State, and
Hut led to a corivuisation from which I learned for the first
time that lie had been sent here as a member of Congress.
I asked him what his prospects were* and he said lie thought
Ins admission was veiy doubtful. He then went on tosay
that the only man in his way was Judge Kelley, of my
State. He indulged in some severe leinaik about Judge
• ICelley's position, legrettmg it exceedingly, but at the
same time paying Judge Kelley a very high compliment
in regard to his ability and talent. I do not really remem-
ber anything Colonel Field said, or any thing he said against
Judge Kelley.
" 133. Do you say that at that time he appeared perfectly
sober?
" Perfectly, and 1 thought him very gentlemanly in his
mannqrs."
In another place he says:
, " He spoke of Judge Kelley rather contemptuously; he
said he had no doubt he should succeed if it were uot for
Judge Kelley, or some remark of that sort."
In another place he is asked, " Did be manifest
a good deal of bitterness?" and he answers, " 1
think he did."
The House will observe that at the time of this
conversation the respondent was entirely sober;
and it is apparent that at that time he had a strong
feeling against the member from Pennsylvania.
It is clear that he regarded him as'beingin his
way, as an obstacle in the way of his admission
to a seat in this House. We can see, therefore,
that at least there might have been a motive for
commencing the attack.
But we are told that the respondent was intox-
icated at the'time of the difficulty.. Grant that
he was; is intoxication an excuse for the com-
mission of offenses? May a man get drunk in
order to shield himself from the crime of killing
his wife ? If a man wants to get rid of one of his
neighbors, may he by getting drunk put himself
in such a position as not to be responsible for his
unlawful acts? But is it true that the respondent
did not know what he was doing? He knew the
member from Pennsylvania. He knew that he was
making an application for a seat in this House.
,He knew, or assumed to know, that Mr. Kelley
was opposing him. He not only knew the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania'when he saw him, but
he knew enough,after he left the table, to go and
lie in wait for him. He knew enough, and had
recollection enough, when Mr. Kelley came into
the hall, to attack him! He knew enough to take
a knife out of his pocket when he was approach-
ing Mr. ICelley, in order to strike him. He
seemed to lack neither knowledge nor recollection
nor purpose.
Butitissaid by thegentleman fromNewYork,
[Mr. Townsend,] that the respondent has here-
tofore sustained a very high character, a good
reputation. 1 submit, Mr. Speaker, that the ques-
tion of reputation can have no bearing in a case
of this kind. That question may sometimes be
material in the investigation of alleged offenses.
If for instance the gentleman from Pennsylvania
had been wounded in the dark; if it were doubt*
ful who committed the olfense; if Mr. Field had
been charged with it, and the evidence against
him were not clear, testimony of previous.good
chaiacter might be of some impoitance for the
purpose of raising a presumption that a man
whose character had always been peaceable would
not commit an offense of the nature alleged. But
when there is no dispute about the principal facts,
when the transaction is admitted on ail hands,
when it is conceded by the defendant himself that
he was the man who committed the act, then from
that moment his former reputation ceases to be
of any earthly importance.
• Now, sir, 1 do not desire to comment upon the
testimony touching his former reputation, bccausc
it has no bearing upon the charge we are now
considering. It is not a question here to-day
whether Mr. Field is a loyal or disloyal man. It
is nota question-now before the House whether he
has heretofore been a peaceable man or a riotous
man. The simple question is, has he committed
the alleged offense? If the House finds such to
be the fact, then the only question that remains
to be determined is, what shall it do in order to
maintain its dignity?
The evidence is before the House, and there is
no pretense on any hand that Mr. Field has not
used the language, that he has not committed the
violence, as stated in the report.
I have said all that I desire to offer in this case.
I shall be entirely satisfied with whatever course
the Hou£e may take in reference to the resolu-
tions that the committee have reported. It seemed
to the committee, however, that if there had been
a breach of the privilege of the House, if the of-
fense had been committed by the respondent as
alleged, the order suggested in the resolutions
was the least possible punishment that could be
recommended.
Mr. COX. 1 ask that the vote be taken on
each resolution separately; and I also move to
lay the second resolution on the table. And
I ask the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Bea-
man] to yield to me for a few moments while I
give the reasons for that motion.
Mr. BEAMAN. I have no objection.
Mr. COX. I rathec think that this matter has
been monstered. I have no objection to the res-
olution reprimanding the honorable but refractory
quasi member from Louisiana. I have no doubt
the Speaker will properly reprimand him, I have
no doubt it will.be done with great severity, and
will teach members of Congress hereafter th4t
they ought not to get drunk.
But there is something more important involved
in this question than the mere punishment of t^ is
gentleman. It involves the interests of. the con-
stituents of that gentleman,.of the people of Lou-
isiana. IfM& Field has any constituents at ail,
he ought.to be put in a proper position before this
House to represent their interests here, or at ie$a$
to represent his right tq represent them. I thiok
there is an undue severity on the part of the comr
mittee in reporting this last resolution, cutting
him off from the privileges of the floor. We have
alreadydonethatpreliminarily. Why&JiouJd we ^
pass the resolution again, when we are .about tp
pass upon the right of Mr. Field to a seat here?
Mr. BEAMAN. 1 desire to say, in answer to
my friend from Oliio, [Mr. Cox,] that I think he
misconstrues this lust resolution. The resolution
is not intended to operate as a permanent exclu-
sion of Mr. Field from this floor, it goes only
to the extent of rescinding so much of the reso-
lution as originally gave him the privileges of the
floor; the intention being to allow him, if the
House shall see fit, the privileges of the floor at
any time when his case shall come up here.
Mr: COX. I have not misapprehended the res-
olution at all. It is simply rescinding the resolu-
tion allowing him to state his case here. We have
already abridged him of that privilege up to this
time. I propose not to continue that abridgment
of his privileges, inasmuch as the Committee of
Elections have reported that he is entitled to the
privileges of a member here. It would be doing
injustice to his constituents. From all that ap-
pears here, I think the gentleman has acted very
wrongly. In.the first place, it is a bad thing to
get drunk.
Mr. ELDK.IDGE. Have you ever tried it?
Mr. COX. No, sir; I have never tried it, as the
gentleman on my right [Mr. Eldridge] seems to
think I may have. [Laughter.]
But my remarks are directed especially to the
last resolution, so that the right of the people of
Louisiana shall not be impaired by this personal
matter.
Mr. BEAMAN. The gentleman still seems to
misapprehend the resolution. It does not go to
the length ofpreventing any member of this House,
after this resolution has been adopted,from mov-
ing to give Mr. Fieldjhe privileges of this House,
especially when his case comes up.
Mr. DAWES. I trust that the gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Beaman] will consent that this
last resolution shall be laid on the table.
Mr. BEAMAN. I have no instruction from
the committee to.allow anything of that kind; it
is for the House to decide, and not for me.
Mr. COX. I hope the gentleman from Mich-
igan [Mr. Beaman] will withdraw the second res-
olution^ we are about to take a vote on the ques-
tion of ad'mitting this gentleman to all the rights
and privileges of a member of this House. Let
him come in here and have all the privileges of
the floor before his ease comes up. There is noth-
ing so horrible m this transaction as to require or
justify this continued punishment.
Mr. TOWNSEND. 1 do not know that I have
been able to make myself sufficiently understood
as to my reasons for dissenting from the report'of
the majority of the committee. Thfe idea that
struck my colleague and myself was that, by the
course proposed by the majority, we first con-
vict this gentleman of a very serious offense, and
then mflictdmild punishment. It therefore seemed
to us that the proper plan to pursue would be for
the Speaker to leprimand thegentleman, and then
let the subsequent action of the House determine
the matter.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to ask the gentleman
how he could find it consistent with his sense of
right to convict the gentleman of the ofiferise if the
plea of insanity was sustained by the evidence,
as lie argued it was. [Laughter.]
Mr. TOWNSEND. I am not familiar with the
practice of criminal courts, and therefore 1 am
scarcely able to give the gentleman a pertinent
answer.
Mr. GANSON. I understand that Mr. Field
took the insanity voluntarily. [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. It is a question with agood many
members whether or not thegentleman from Penn-
