9H
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
sylvania [Mr. Kelley] was really intimidated.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania has not him-
self^etated that he was intimidated.
Mr. L. MYERS. 1 thought that I explained
very fulfy to the gentleman from Ohio on a pre-
vious occasion this matter which he has now
again put to the House; and I had hoped that he
would not repeat his question. He understood
from me very fully at that time, as he can under-
stand from the evidence, if he will read-it, the
facts of the case. Judge Kelley was not intimi-
dated; the offense is the attempt to intimidate;
and 1 trust this subject will not be treated with
levity.
Mr. COX. My friend from Pennsylvania has
thrown an immense weight of responsibility upon
me in repfyina; to his remarks.
Mr. L. MYERS. I am very glad to hear it.
I hope the gentleman wiil feel the responsibility.
Mr. COX. I wish to treat this matter with
proper gravity. J had not intended to make any
remarks whatever. I only desired that the letter
of Mr. Field should be read that this House
might know that when he came to himself, when
he saw what had been done, he wrote a proper
letter to the honorable gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania. That was a letter of apology and humili-
ation; a letter which it was no doubt a cross to
Mr. Field to write. He has been sufficiently
humiflated already; m his family, among his con-
stituents, in his State, and before the country. I
propose at least to give some dignity to tins pro-
ceeding by allowing him to come here, whatever
he may be, and speak for the people who sent
him here. Therefore I propose that the second
resolution shall be laid on the table, while I have
no objection to a proper reprimand of Mr, Field
by the Speaker under the first resolution.
i now call previous question-.
Mr. PRUYjN'. Mr. Speaker———
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order,
Mr.PitUYX. 1 do not rise to debate the sub-
ject, but only to make a-sugsjestion.
Mr. BEAMAN. I object.
The SPEAKER. A suggestion is in the na-
ture of debate. The gentleman from Michigan
[Mr. Beamast] objects to debate.
Mr. PRUYN. i only desire to say that, inas-
much as the Committee of Elections have report-
ed that Mr. Field is entitled to a seat in this
House, the parliamentary term "admonish"
should be used in the resolution instead of the
word " leprimand." Mr. Field is not now in
custody.
The SPEAKER. That amendment can only
be entertained by unanimous consent.
_ Mr. PRUYN. I desired to make the sugges-
tion in order that the change in the language might
be made by general consent.
Mr. SCHENCK. I would inquire whether
the call for the previous question has not been
sustained.
The SPEAKER. It has been. *
The question being on agreeing to the first
resolution,
Mr. BEAMAIf called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 83, nays 48, not voting 52;
as follows:
YEMessrs. Allison, Ames, AMilev, Bailv, Joftn D.
liaMwm, Baxter, Benman, Blaine, Blow J BoutweM, Bovd
"Bioomafl, Ambrose VV.. Clark, Cobb, Cole
lit'jjM Vv mtrr Thomas T. Dcivis, Dawes, Dewing
Dixon, Donnelly, Dri^, Dumont, Eckiey, Eliot, Farus-
worth f* Iunoil, Gn^woh\, Uale, Hiaby, Hooper,
A^-anu! W. Hubbai'i, John H. Hubbard, liul'nurd, Inver-
se! I. Jeucke-*, JuJuin,Ka>aon, Orlando Keilpg<>3 Kuox.Lit-
ih'joliii, Loan, Lougyoai, M.uvin, MoBiide, McClurg,
Jumikii I. Millar, MonriH'jid. Morrill. Dujuoi JUoitj--. Amos
Myfr-, Leonard Myers, Odeil, Chailcs O'tfeiii, Ortij, £>at-
rerbam. Pike, Pomeroy, Price, Alexander li. Rice,
J"im H. Rice, Edward II. RoJim*, Scijenck, ScotieM,
bioan. pniiihvrs. s>iMr. Sieves, Thayor, Tracy, Upson,
X;Vl , 1V-^uri^,> U'liliam B. Washburn, VVhalev
vvliwiur, W iliiams, Wilder, Wilson, and Wortlnngtoa—
C'J °
NA\ Messrs. JarnesC. Allen, Aneona, Bli.ss, James S.
Brown, U i liarn G. Urovvn,Oimnh-r, Clay, Vox, Cravens.
Ji Flnck. Gallon,Gnder,
Haii, Hauling. Uairmgton, Henjatnin G. Uarri,,Charles m!
Ham>, Ueiriek, Iloliaan, Hutehms, Kajbtiench. Kin ,
K app. L.iws Lt'L-lond, Long,MdlJory,Marcy, AIcKmney,
J.tnup R MoiliS^.|soii, Noble, Pcmhoton. «?auiuel J.
'I., jami's is. Kollms Ilo--s, Smith, Sujf>*
M,Xw!^KS.'d' P"W- Whtt0' WtoW<l> F«-
NOT V'oTJNG—Messw. William J. Allen, AHev, An-
derson, Arnold, Augubtiw C. Baldwin, Blair, Brooks" Pref*-
Ifiaa Clarke, Cofiiotfa, Cornwall, Dawson, English, Frank,
Garfield, Hotchklssj Philip Johnson, William Johnson,
K>Mev, France W, Kello^j, Kerunn, Lux*>ar, McAllister,
McDowell, Mcln<k e, Middh'toji, Wiliium 11. Miller, Morri-
son. Nmton, John O'Neill, Perry, Pruyn. JUiidford, WiiJiam
II. Randall, Robinson, Scott, rilumnon, SpaUlmg, John 13.
Steele, William G. fteelo, Stuart, Sweat, Thoia.u-, Voor-
hoes, Wad-iworth, W:nd, Eithu it. VYashlmrrie, Webster,
Chilton A. White, Wtndom, Benjamin Wood, Wood-
bridge, and Yganian—52.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. BEAMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The Clerk read the second resolution, as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That so much of the resolution of this IIouss
of the 5th day of December la«t granting the privilege of
the Hall to the claimants fors«'.tts trom the Stat** of Louis-
iana as applies to the &aid A. P. Field be rescinded.
Mr. COX moved that the resolution be laid on
the table.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 53,
noes 53
The SPEAKER voted in the affirmative, and
Mr. ELDR1DGE demanded the yeas arid nays
about the same time.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I withdraw the demand for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. THAYER. I renew it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the afSnnative—yeas 71, nays 64, not voting 47;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Jnmps C. Allen, Ancona, Anderson,
Raily. Augu^us O. Baldwin, Bit.-?, Blow, William G. i
Brown, Oliatiler. Clav, Coffroth, Cox, Cravens. Dawes, i
Denison, Eden, Edgmon, Eldndge,English, Fmek, Gan- !
son, Gooch, Grider, Flail, Burdiuu. Hairingtou, Beitjamiu j
G. lianN, Chaib's M. Harris, Merrick, Holinan, Hutching :
fngerio!!, Knlbflei^rh, Kas«on.Keruan,King. Krupp.Law. |
Le Blond, Litth-John, Long, M.iHorv, Maiev, McKim.cv, 1
William H. Miller, JamesK Morrit,'lSiels.ori," Xoble, Odcili '
Pendleton, Piuyn, Samuel J. Uandail, James rf!
Rollins, Ross. Shannon, i>mith. \\ iiham G'. Steele. Utiles,
Htrouse, Stuart, Sweat. Town^*nd, Wad-worth, VVilU.nn I
B. Washburn, Whaley, Wheeler, Joseph W. White, Wil- j
son, Wmfield, ami Fernando Wood—71.
ivAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Ashley, John D. Bald-
win, Baxtei, Beaman, Blame, Boyd. Braudegec, Broomall, [
Ambrose W. Clark, Cobb, Cole, lienrv Winter Davis
Tnomas T. Davis, Deming. Dixon. Dotmellv. Driggs. Eck-
ley, Eiiot. Faru \vortn, Garfield, Gi.mieli," Halc,° Ui^hv,
Hooper, A-ahel W. Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, Iluibutd,
Jenekes, Julian, Orlando Kellogg, Knox. Loan, Loii<'veai
3Iarvm, McBride, MeClurg. Samuel F. MiIIp/, Moorl'n-ad,
Morrill, Daniel 3Iorris. AmosMjf-rs. Leonasd :My< is, Nor-
ton, Charles O'Neill, Orlh. P.-ibam, I'sku, P' im*ro\.'{Ju. e,
John Tf. Rice.Edward H. Ilollnii,Scucu',k, ii!oa:i,.Smith-
ers, Steven?, Thayer, Tracy, LTp-sou, Williams, Wilder,
and Worthingtoti—64.
NOT VOTING—Mes^ra. William J. Allen. Alley, Ar-
nold, Blair, Boutwell, Brooks, James S. Brown, Freeman
Clarke, Cr^well, Dawson, Dumont. Frank, Gri-wojd,
Jlotciski.^, J h*lip Johnson, William John-on. Ketfcv,
Francis W. Kellogg, Lazear, McAiW>ter, McDowell, Mc-
Jndoe, Middleton, Morrison, John O-Nt-ji], Pa**«-r>ori
Perry, Radtord, Wihiam fi. llaiulail. Alexander U. lltce
Kobm-on. Scofield, Scott, Sprddmq. Starr. John B. Steele,
Thomas. Van Valkenhmsh, Vooihei**, Ward, Elihu B.
Washburne. Webster, Chilton A. White, Wmdom, Benja-
min Wood, VVoodbridge, and Teaman—47.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled Senate bill No. 424, to facilitate the
collection of certain debts due the United States;
when the Speaker signed the same.
LEAYE OF ABSENCE.
IVlr. A. MYERS asked leave of absence for
next Tuesday evening, if the House shall have a
night session. ^
There was no objection'; and it was Ordered
accordingly.
ENROLLMENT BILL. i
nity to amend and modify it in the various feat-
ures it pruseius to the IIouw, tlmt I wiii make
n proposition to the IIou.se which will |><;rtiaps
tend to accomplish tlmt object, ami satisfy
tieimm ai! around. If I cannut be gratified jn
this X shall be compelled to attempt to carry the
bill through, under the stringent rules of the
House, by the use of the previous question,
which I by no means desire to resort to.
I propose to ask the unanimous consent of the
House that this bill shall be considered by the
House as in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, with the privilege of ten min-
utes debate upon the various clauses of the bilK
that the bill be taken up and read as an entire
bill—and it is not long—with the amendments
now incorporated in it as reported from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and discuss it clause
by clause.
Mr. CHANLER, I must object to any such
arrangement.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope there will be no ob-
jection.
Mr. CHANLER. By request of my friends I
withdraw my objection.
There bein^ no further objection, the proposi-
tion of Mr. Schexck was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would inquire whether
this is the Senate or the House bill?
The SPEAKER. It is the House bill, with
the amendments reported by the Committee on '
Military Affairs.
Mr. HOLMAN. Has the Senate bill been re-
ported back?
Mr. SCIJENCK. Ithasnot. TheSenatebill
was referred to the Committee 011 Military Affairs
of the House after this bill was reported. This
bill having been reported, the committee subse-
quently considered the Senate bill, and reported,
as amendments to this bill, some four sections of
the Senate bill wliich they thought ought to be
included in the provisions of this bill. Those
sections are eight, nine, ten, and eleven, as now
numbered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
that it would facilitate very much the considera-
tion of this bill, if the printed bill, amendments
and all, should be considered as ihe pending bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I see no objection to that.
There being no objection, it was so agreed.
The Clerk then proceeded to read the bill by
clauses.
Mr. BROOMALL. I move to amend the first
section by striking out ihe words ''siial! be sub-
ject to a fine of ^100, to be collected by present-
ment or indictment before any courtof the United
States having competent jurisdiction," and in-
serting in lieu thereof the woids " on convic-
tion thereof by any court of the United States
of competent jurisdiction, shall be sentenced to
pay a fine of $100;" so that die clause wilt read:
And shall willfully and knowindv ne^ieet or r^fu^e to
report hrm«elf Inr enrollment, alinil !«• eui.'tv nfa mi-<]<!-
tneanor, and on conviction thereof, hv nuv "court of the
Lmted Statesof competent jurisdiction, slraii be sentenced
to pay a flue of §100.
Mr. SCHENCK. That is an improvement of
the phraseology.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NELSON. I move to amend by striking
out the first section after the enacting clause, as
follows :
Tliai it Mi 'ill hereafter be the <] uty of every person who
la or s^liail become hfiblo tf> be onrollpft undfl ill. provisions
the several acts to winch tins is an amendment, to :v-
port nim^ell in }x'f-oi) or byjeiter lo I lie rttroVnne boutilof
the dirftroit in winch he resit! &; jimj ail) p-'r-Oii wiio fur
ten days has been to liable to bi; . unified, and -hull will-
fully arm knomiirrly negfeet or rrfti-o |o rrinrt fnm-Wt'for
enrollment, sdiall be deemed1 juiliv of a no demeanor, and
on conviction by any court of I he United Plate* ofeouip"- .
| j ten?, .iiiri?dietion-itnll bo ^entoneed to pay a fine of StflO,
- H wu«! 1.' of;'Ueli finohei-ban beputnstied
duty of
order
of
liable to
vide for the enrolling a„d calling out the nation) !] WSm"*' W'°"" U,e 1
4^1864,"and pi'J" "LT"!:*"' is ad"l1!(V,! wU!l fhis
and draft.
Mr, SCHENCK. The time for the consider-
ation of this bill is now necessarily limited by
the approach of the close of the session; nod yet
so great is the desire of the committee wicch I
represent, and my own desire, that this bill shall
; section m it, it wilt be impossible to put it into
I rc.e"  ny enrollment district how nimiy men,
Kai'le to enrollment, are working upon your rail-
loacl?,, in ! icloie k, on farms, v.ho Mf_-vi r ni iheir
wnole Jiu'a n i>d an actof <jon^ri-M^,nntl who wil!
be li-ilde to an nidietmoiu for it mind-meetrtor and
have a Drooer canairlernhnn fi."" to H ^r"1 t)f" S'W) if they are not enrolled ac 
proper consideration, with the opportu- || cording to the provisions o/this section. It will
