976
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21.
tion as it now stands. It seems to me that it is a
severe and oppressive section, and one which there
will be great difficulty in enforcing. It will in all
probability lead to much litigation and to com-
plication in the discharge of the duties of the pro-
vost marshals.
If we simply impose a penalty upon those who
shall resort to any means to avoid enrollment or
draft, it will be fair, and its justice will be recog-
nized; and I submit to the gentleman from Ohio
that my amendment ought to be accepted by the
committee.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
cannot accept the amendment. The amendments
reported by the Committee on Millitary Affairs
must be acted upon as they are reported.
Does the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farns-
worth] withdraw the motion to close debate?
Mr. SCHENCK. If it be not withdrawn I
hope it will be voted down, so that.we may dis-
cuss the question whether we are to have an effi-
cient enrollment law.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. As more extended
discussion appears to be desired by many mem-
bers, I withdraw the motion to close debate.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to op-
pose the amendment of the gentleman from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Sloan.] I do so because 1 am op-
posed to amending the section at all. I believe
that it will, if adopted, operate very injuriously.
I think that any further and more stringent legis-
lation with respect to enrollment is unnecessary,
and will render the law very unpopular. I have
never heard of any difficulty 111 regard to enroll- :
ments. The difficulty, as 1 have understood, is
that after men are enrolled they escape. It is not
that they are not enrolled.
In my view no change of thelaw on this subject
is necessary. The taw which we now have is j
sufficiently stringent. If the people are allowed
to go on as they are doing they will fill up the
Army as fast as required. If this section be en-
acted it will, I believe, be very odious. A sub-
sequent'section, the third or the fourth, is, in my
judgment, still worse. The whole bill is more
tyrannical th n any military system ever adopted
by Austria; and I trust, therefore, that it will be
rejected.
Mr. CHANLER. Mr. Speaker, I move to
amend the amendment by inserting before the
word " avoid," the word " willfully."
■ I agree with the gentlemen from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevens] in regard to the character of this
bill. It was my intention to urge upon the House
the very point which he has suggested, and for
that pu'fpose I had prepared what I deemed a
suitable argument on the subject. But when, on
the motion of the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs, debate was restricted to ten min-
utes, that of course precluded the possibility of
my arguing the question as I desired. I do not
iielieve that, under this limitation of debate, the
real character of this bill can be adequately ex-
posed. It is a bill whose provisions touch most
nearly the social and military relations of every
citizen in the United Slates. This very amend-
ment brings that fact to the attention of the House.
You cannot consider the subject of willful avoid-
ance of the provisions of such a bill as this with-
out entering into all the questions which arise
under the power given to the Government offi-
cials to execute such a law„ It is utterly impos-
sible that the rights and liberties of the citizen can
be secured to him so long as he is held amenable,
by laws such as this, to an authority outside of
the civil courts, so long as he is subjected to the
arbitrary power of tribunals established for the
purpose of carrying out a system utterly hostile
to the institutions of this country—military tri-
bunals before which the rights of no man are safe.
I believe that the pending section should be
stricken out. I believ^ that the whole bill is
radically and irreparably wrong. I believe it
to be the duty of the Committee on Military
Affairs to report a bill free from provisions of this
despotic character, and embracing two or three
simple provisions for securing a correct enroll-
ment and preventing desertion. They are now
undertaking, by this bill, to establish a system
■which cannot but end in the destruction of all
order in the Army, and everjjually bring about
popular outbreaks and insurrections. 1 believe
that it will weaken the national arms and tend to
deplete the national Treasury; that k will be in-
effectual with regard to the object proposed, as
well as highly expensive to the local governments.
I believe it to be a bill utterly hostile to every
principle of a free representative Government.
I believe that it can be proven to be so. I be-
lieve that the results thus far prove it. I believe
it to be a bill that the records of every provost
marshal will show has filled our quotas on paper
and has not sent fit men to the Army. The luna-
tic asylum and the jail have been robbed to fill
those quotas.
It is a well-known fact that from rfiis system
have arisen the very evil that this^>ill attempts to
remedy, substitute brokerage, bounty swindling,
and bounty jumping. A new guild has been cre-
ated by the system of enrollment and fastened
perpetually upon the people of this country.
Sir, this bill and the nature of this bill have
become ingrafted upon the miiiiary system of the |
United States. And in order to meetthis measure j
as it deserves, the whole question should include |
an examination—and the whole matter requires I
that examination and scrutiny—into its effect upon j
the military organization of the United States. I
am convinced that it will be found to have been
injurious in every military department. I believe
that it will be found on examination to have done
more to cut off the sympathy between the Gov-
ernment and the people of the United States than
any other measure which has passed this Con-
gress since the rebellion.
With regard to this special amendment I have
to say that it will add another feature to the al-
ready innumerable contortions of justice which
have been fastened upon the tribunals of the coun-
try by the enrollment acts already passed. For
the purpose of correcting a special evil acknowl-
edged in the body of the bill, even the right of trial
by jury is done away with, and the people are
forced to submit to a military tribunal for the ad-
justment of private rights. You cannot by any
system, by any fair opinion of the law of the
country, insist on this law. Do as you may, the
sympathies of the people are against it. The
spirit of your institutions is against it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Chanler] is argued, as I supposed it would
be, not on the merit of the particular amendment,
but on the ground of hostility to the whole sec-
tion. He is opposed not only to the first section,
but to the whole bill; and not only to the whole
I bill, but to any system which provides forbring-
! mg soldiers into the field. I am not, like my col-
I league on the committee from Illinois, [Mr.FARNs-
woeth,] disposed to stop debate at tne very out-
set, for 1 think this debate, in some respects, is
wholesome. I think at the threshold of discus-
sion on the subject this House should indicate its
purpose to sustain or not the Military Committee
in an attempt to make a law to procure men by
increasing the stringency of the power of enroll-
ment.
I was prepared to expect opposition to this
section of the bill, and to the whole bill, and to
the whole system, and I-was prepared to expect
it from the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stevens] who last addressed the House, and from
the gentleman from New York, [Mr.Chanler.] I
heard each of the speeches made by these gentle-
men last session when this measure was before the
House. The tyrannical course pursued in the draft
was then argued at full length by the gentleman
from New York, and the bill was then character-
ized as worse than anything ever done in Austria.
I remember the figure. I recollect more than that.
I recollect that the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevens] predicted that if we passed a law
repealing the commutation clause, and providing,
as we did ultimately, for enforcing the draft with
a little more stringency to procure men to fill the
depleted ranks of our Army, it would result in re-
sistance and bloodshed. 1 was then as now as-
sured that the gentleman was not likely to prove
a true prophet, and what was not a true prophecy
then has not become history since. I said then
that I had no fear of the people, and I repeat it.
1 said then, so far from producing riot, confusion,
and disorder, that when the people came to un-
derstand what their Representatives had done in
the endeavor to fill up the thinned ranis of the
Army they would sustain them. And 1 ask every
gentleman to bear me out iri the assertion that
never did a draft go on more quietly, and never
were the ranks of the Army, lo the extent that
the draft could do it, so filled up as they were,
. saving the campaign of last year, under that very
i bill so denounced by the gentleman from New
i York, [Mr. Chanler,] and the gentleman from
' Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.] 1 say now,at the
very threshold of this consideration of this sub-
ject, that my thorough conviction is, so far as my
own personal observation is concerned in regard
| to this matter, that the people are ahead of Con-
gress, and the soldiers far ahead of either. Your
soldiers call upon you to make your laws strin-
gent; they call upon you from the field to fill up
i the ranks; ^hey say there must be no skulking;
| they say that all persons liable to be enrolled must
i be enrolled; that persons liable to be drafted
I should be drafted; and that it is unfair that they
i alone should bear the burdens and be placed in
1 the front of battle while others are shirking from
; taking their fair share. And the people are not
| far behind the soldiers in this matter. 1 have yet
l to learn that any man upon either floor of Con-
I gress is unlikely to be sustained by an intelligent
j constituency anywhere throughout the land for
an attempt to pass efficient laws in order to fill up
j the ranks of the Army, to enable us to put down
i this accursed and damnable rebellion.
I Now, sir, this section opens fairly that dis-
cussion, and I expected gentlemen to take position
upon the one side or the other. This section is
not that oppressive and tyrannical section which
it is supposed to be. If the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Chanler] thiijis that in any of its
features it is too harsh let him offer amendments;
but so far, his opposition is to the whoje section;
and I insist upon it that that opposition only
means, as he and the gentleman from Pennsyl-
i vania [Mr. Stevens] frankly avow, opposition
! to the whole bill and the whole system, it is for
i the House to determine whether these gentlemen
■ shall be allowed, in their hostility to the whole
, scheme of filling up our armies by a system of
j drafting at all, to accomplish that by defeating
this section of the bill.
I have no objection, so far as the penalty is
concerned, that gentlemen should modify ihelan-
i guage, so that they leave some substantial means
j provided in the law for enforcing its provisions,
j I have no objectiton to having this number of
days of imprisonment reduced, say from thirty
to twenty, and perhaps ten; but twenty days
I would perhaps be the proper medium. Butsome
: penalty, some provision, something to compel a
more perfect and complete and full enrollment of
the citizens liable to draft, and to hold them to
their duty to report themselves, and not skulk
away, I believe essentially necessary as one of
the features of a bill which is to be an iraprove-
j ment on the present enrollment law.
Mr. CHANLER. I withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment, and move anotheramend-
merit by inserting the word "intentionally." My
views upon this subject are ceitainly well known.
They have been boldly expressed both here and
I elsewhere; and the difference between the gen-
i tleman from Ohio, the chairman of the Commit-
; tee on Military Affairs, and myself, is exactly
; this 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. As the opinions of
the gentleman from New Yorkareso well known
both here and elSfewhere, I suggest there is no
| necessity for repeating them.
| Mr. CHANLER. And the courtesy of the
i gentleman from Illinois is so well known this im-
! pertinency is entirely unnecessary.
j In regard to the position of the chairman of
; the Committee on Military Affairs and of myself,
i the issue between us is exactly defined: I am in
] favorof increasing the Army; so is he. We only
differ as to the method. I oppose this bill because I
think itisnotan effectual means of raising troops;
he advocates it because he thinks it is. We agree
upon the fact that the enrollment of the citizens
may be necessary; but we differ as to the means
of forcing men into the ranks; and we will differ
very widely as to the character of substitutes
which we will permit into theAmerican armies.
It is because of bills brought forward by that gen-
tleman upon this floor that the American Aimy
has been made the asylum of drunkards and lu-
natics. It is because it has failed as a means of
enrolling and calling out the national forces in a
time like this that I opposo this bill. The syfl-
