1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
211
paying toll. One would think thai that meant to
pay exactly the same toils that they do; but just
look at it. They have provided there, since this
treaty was made, that if a vessel passing through
those canals passes down to, and is destined to,
and lands at a Canadian port, it shall have a
drawback of so much per cent, upon the tolls. If
it comes to an American port it must pay the
•whole toll, and there is no drawback. If it goes
to Montreal,or any Canadian port, then it is to
have a drawback. The agreement was that we
should be allowed to use these canals on the same
terms with them; and they say we do have the
use of the canals on the same terms; but we want
to go through those canals, and land at Oswego,
for instance, or Rochestor, or Ogdensburg, or any
of the ports of the State of New Yotk; but you
cannot have any deduction there. Does not that
give an advantage to their people? They say it
does not; that according to the very words of tlfflf
treaty they charge their people the same tolls if
they go to the same place.
That is the manner in which we are treated
about that; and it is just so about the duties.
They make discriminating duties against us.
When, in consequence of their increased indebt-
edness for their internal improvements, they were
obliged to raise their duties, and laid them even
upon British as well as all other goods, and they
were asked by Lord John Russell, u Why is it
that you have increased the duties on British
goods?" they replied, " We were obliged to do
bo; but at the same time we changed them, you
know, from specific to ad valorem duties, and gave
the advantage by that to Great Britain." "Ah,
well," said he, " we are satisfied; you have given
a satisfactory answer." That is, they had shut
out the American people. Look at your tables
and see how the e; {jortation of everything sub-
ject to duty has been run down, and you will see
the truth of this.
I do not think it worth while for me to take up
an y further time in relation to the subject. I have
briefly stated my view of it without going into
the details, which I think was sufficiently done
by the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, in spite of the
testimony piled up here against this treaty, I am
obliged to think stiil that if it is to be repealed, we
arc not the parties to do it, and I propose to tel I the
Senate why I think so. 1 propose to speak in be-
half of what I believe to be American interests and
not Canadian interests; and I suppose it is in de-
fense of precisely those interests that every other
Senator on this floor has spoken; and yet, sir, it
has seemed to me peculiar that this resolution
should have had the history it has had. The meas-
ure was inaugurated in the House of Representa-
tives on the first day of the last session. The ap-
propriate committee to consider the subject, as I
conceive, the Committee on Commerce, taking it
under consideration, delibetated upon it, and al-
though they thought the treaty was not just and
equitable id all respects, they thought it ought to
be amended rathei than repealed. Nevertheless,
the House of Representatives did not give us the
benefit of its opinion on it until the commencement
of this session; then by a majority of votes they
passed the resolution which came here providing
foi giving notice for the abrogation of the treaty.
The Senate received the resolution, and by its vote
leferred it to the Committee on Poieign Relations.
Now, sir, this resolution looks toward the abro-
gation of an existing treaty, it is true, and/)n>na
facie, therefore, there would seem to be some pio-
pnety in referring it to the Committee on Foreign
Relations that we might have their advice us to
whether it was likely that its repeal woulddisturb
the concord existing between the parties which
made the treaty; but the treaty at which the res-
olution is aimed relates wholly to the trade be-
tween the two countries whose Governments exe-
cuted it; hence there would seem to have been a
manifest piopriety in consulting the Committft
on Commerce, that we mightknow how our com-
merce was to be affected by the proposed action.
Moreover, that which the resolution proposes to
do is not only contemplated but is expressly per-
mitted by the very terms of the treaty. Mani-
festly, therefore, no hostility could be engendered
by the propo&ed action, and yet the Senate sought
the advice of the Committee on Foreign Relations
on an affair which could not possibly disturb our
foreign lelations, and declined the advice of the
Committee on Commerce, when the affair cannot
fail seriously tt> affect our commerce.
It is not for me to say why this direction was
given to the resolution by the Senate, but I could
not forbear to call the attention of the Senate and
the country to the extraordinary fact that when
we are asked to join m a resolution which strikes
at a trade of millions, we do not stop to inquire
how the blow will affect that trade, but only if it
will lead to war.
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator allow me
to make an explanation?
Mr. HOWE. Certainly.
Mr. SUMNER. Allusion has been made to
the original reference of this subject to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, not only by the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, but also by other Senators.
I merely wish to say that 1 believe that reference
was according to the trad itional usage of the Sen-
ate; that according to that usage all questions re-
lating to treaties or negotiations are referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations; otherwise the
great body of the treaties of the country, relating
as they do to commerce, must be referred to the
Committee on Commerce, or be lefened to some
other committee which may be supposed,accord-
ing to the suggestion of the Senator, to be more
particularly interested in the subject. The Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations is supposed to be so
constituted as to treat intelligently all the topics
which become the subjectof negotiation. On that
account, as I understand it, this question was re-
ferred to that committee.
Mr. IiOWE. Mr. President, I do not propose
any reconsideration of the action of the Senate
had at that time. At least I do not propose to
take any vote reconsidering it. I thought, with
due deferenco to the Senator from Massachusetts,
that this was a peculiar-direction to give the reso-
lution, and I thought it was extraordinary. The
Senator from Massachusetts says that it was in
accordance with the usages of the Senate. 1 am
so new to the Senate that I no more feel author-
ized to speak upon the question of us usages than
according to the Senatoi from Vermont my friend
from Minnesota was authonzed to speak upon the
subjectof the fisheries. I will not undertake to
discuss, then, with the Senator from Massachu-
setts, certainly, what has been the usage hereto-
fore. I speak of the fact—there is no question
about that—that we asked only in reference to an
interest which we knew could' not be disturbed,
and we asked not a question in reference to its
effect on the commerce of the country, about which
there is at least some doubt.
I n due time the Committee on Foreign Relations
repoi ted a substitute fur the resolution that came
to us from the House of Representatives, lecom-
mending its passage, as I understand. They gave
us no reasons why it should pass, and until to-
day I had to look elsewhere altogether to find any
statement of the objections which are relied upon
against this treaty. To-day we have heard from
the committee, through its chaiiman; we have
heard from other Senators in support of this reso-
lution.
Now, sir, I think I am possessed of the rea-
sons which urge gentlemen on to the passage of
this resolution; and what are they? The first
objection urged against the treaty is that it is un-
constitutional. It is gravely urged here, it has
been ursred elsewhere- 
Mr. COLLAMER. Did the Senator under-
stand me to urge that?
Mr. IIOWE. I did,
Mr. COLLAMER.
ground.
Mr. HOWE. I stand corrected, then, so far
as 1 said that that objection had been uiged here.
I am not incorrect as to its having been urged
elsewhere that it wasunconstitutionai. Unques-
tionably the Senator from Vermont did not say it
was unconstitutional. He says he did not say so,
and I do not recollect that he used that kuguage.
He did say that he uid not like this way of reg-
ulating trade and regulating duties, He did say
that the Constitution gave to the House of Rep-
resentatives the right to original:: revenue btlU,
and I understood him (although 1 cannot repeat
his language) as urging that when the treaty-
making power assuuied to make treaties oi tins
character it was trenching on that preiogative of
the Heuseof Ite^.rv sentatives. If the Senate* from
Vermont '.L,1 not mean io cairy his aigument to
I did not urge any such
that extent I know not what force the argument
has here. Elsewhere it has been carried to that
full extent.
Mr. COLLAMER. The gentleman's speech
may go where mine wrll not. I did not,urge that
it was unconstitutional. 1 did say from a view of
the provisions of die Constitution that 1 thought
there was an impropriety in the treaty-making
power initiating any such thing; and they ought
not, though they may have the constitutional
right, tie up their hands in such a way.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator from Vermont will
certainly believe that I havenotthe slightest^ish
to place him in any position that he does not
choose to occupy himself. Having heard the ar-
gument from another quarter I was very likely
to misinterpret the exact position that the Senator
himself meant to assume. But I know, sir, and
you know, that it is very much of an American
habit to insist that everything that we do not like
is unconstitutional, and that everything we want
the Constitution demands; and hence I believe it
could be made to appear, if we were to canvass
the Senate at the presentUme,thatthere are Sen-
ators on this floor to-day who would insist that
an act of Congress could emancipate all the slaves
in the United States; and I believe we could find
otheis on this very floor who would insist that
that little thing could not be accomplished even
by an amendment of the Constitution through the
sovereign power of the people. I am not here to
find fault with the habit; like all habits that I
know anything about, it sometimes leads us into
inconsistency. But in debate upon this very
measure elsewhere it was claimed that th*  Con-
stitution reserved to the House of Representatives
the prerogative of originating icvenue bills, and
that therefore it was distinctly asserted that so far
as this treaty was a positive or a negative revenue
measure it wasunconstitutionai. In other words,
it was asserted that inasmuch as the Constitution
gave the House of Representatives the preroga-
tive of originating revenue bills, so far as this
treaty did or did not propose to raise revenue, it
was unconstitutional.
I think that is carrying the argument a great
deal too far. I think it is extending the prerog-
ative further than any one is justified in extend-
ing it. The power to originate revenue bills is
no more distinctly or broadly given to the House
of Representatives than is the power to make
treatiesgiven to the Presidentand the Senate,and
if any treaty which they may make can be added
to upon the ground that it trenches upon the pre-
rogatives of the House of Representatives, we
have the some right to say that every act of the
House of Representatives infringes upon the pre-
rogatives of the treaty-making power. In other
words, if the prerogatives of the House of Repre-
sentatives are to be protected and defended, and
if they aie paramount to the prerogatives of the
treaty-making power, I do not know when or
where a treaty can be made without consulting
the House of Representatives.
Wo have been told elsewhere that in bills of
supply m the British Parliament, so jealous are
the Commons, that in the preamble the name of
the House of Lords is omitted, the enacting clause
reciting the grant as wholly their own. How-
ever valuable this may be to us as a piece of con*
stitutional history, I think it much more impor-
tant to this debate to remark that in bills of supply
enacted by Congress a very different principle
prevails. They da not, go in the name of the
House of Representatives alone, and if they did
attempt, to go in the name of the House of Rep-
resentatives alone they would not go far. Un-
questionably, that is a valuabe feature in the
British constitution; but the same feature, I do
humbly submit, is of no sort of value here. It is
a valuable feature there, because the Commons
of England are the only representatives who de-
rrve their authority from the people of England
anda-ro responsible to the people of England; but
every department of our Government is directly
or indirectly amenable to the people and derives
its authonty from the people.
I must insist, however, that this compact of
1854 does not infringe upon the prerogatives of
the House of Representatives for two reasons
which seem to me conclusive. The first is,.that it
does not assume to raise revenue, but simply to
iemulate tiade; and secondly, because it is not a
brli but a treaty. And I want to say further
