212
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
the treaty-making power is not to be held subor-
dinate to the prerogatives of the House of Repre-
sentatives, nor even to the legislative power of
Congi ess.
To Congress is given the power to regulate
commerce with foreign nations; and if that power
is paramount to the treaty-making power, Con-
gress may impose what restrictions it pleases on
trade with one nation, and give what freedom it
pleases to trade with another; and yet most of
our commercial treaties contain a stipulation in
effect that no restriction shall be imposed on the
tra^o of the nation contracting which is not im-
posed on the trade of the most favored nations.
Are such compacts as that unconstitutional?
They are if the treaty-mnking power is subor-
dinated by the Constitution to the authority of
Congress.
Congress has power under the Constitution to j
declare war; but it having declared war, cannot
the treaty-making power make peace? Congress
is bound by the declaration of war if its authority
is paramount to the treaty-making power. Con-
gress may u provide and maintain a navy;" but
is the treaty which restricts the naval armament
on the lakes unconstitutional? 1 have never heard
this asserted.
I think the objection that this treaty is uncon-
stitutional is not only unsound but it comes very
late. Both branches of Congress have affirmed
the validity of this treaty, if it needed any affirm-
ance, and the Government has acted under it
already for ten years. Assuming, therefore, that
the treaty is a valid one and will stand if you lot
it, let us look a little further and see whether you
ought to let it stand.
But it is objected that the treaty operates un-
equally, and that our neighbors instead of our-
selves appropriate the lion's share of its advan-
tages. It is said it has but the name and not the
substance of a reciprocity treaty. If the fact be
so, that is a sufficient reason for its repeal, and
there was no neccsaity for resoi tir^pto an objec-
tion so groundless as that of its unconstitution-
ality. And 1 think it fair to assume that if the
fact had been so, no such objection would have
been raised. I think it evident that if the oppo-
nents of the treaty could have established its
injustice they never would have asserted its
unconstitutionality; and I think it fair to assume
that if the fact had been so, if its injustice could
have been established, no such objection as its
unconstitutionality would have been raised. I
think it evident that if the opponents of the treaty
could have, established its injustice they never
would have asserted its unconstitutionality; and
1 think it equally evident that if they had not
utterly failed to maintain its unconstitutionality
they never would have ventured to assort us in-
justice in the face of the official evidence we have
of its actual ellects and operations.
In the desperate endeavor to moke a case
against the treaty, its enemies drift about from
one fallacy to another, hoping out of many
groundless cavils to constiuct one solid reason.
The struggle is a vain one. We might n.s well
hope out of a groat deal of sea foam to construct
a quarry of granite.
What is the injustice with which the treaty is
charged ?
Fust, it is said that in four years prior to the
treaty we imported of free goods #4,107,392 in
value, and of dutiable goods $15,U02,G34; whereas
in fouryemy after the treaty was adopted it m
said we imported of free goods $50,418,92o, and
only $2,150,394 of dutiable goods.
I give you these figures because I find these
figures in the arguments which have been made
against this treaty elsewhere, and because 1 see
in thctnan attempt to stun the American Congress
with an array ot figures upon the assumption that
figures must always* mean something, let you find
them where you will. But what does this mean?
What is the only significance of this array of
figures? It means just this, and no more: the
treaty is gravely assailed, that treaty which trans-
ferred a large number of articles from the taxed
list to the free list, because after it was adopted
more free goods and fewer taxed goods were im-
ported than before the treaty was adopted. Sir,
do you think the negotiator of the treaty, those
who made it and those who ratified it in this Sen-
ate Chamber, anticipated any other effect from it
inan that? When they said that almost the entire
of our raw mates ial might come, and come free,
which had before been taxed, did they not expect
that moie free goods would be importedand fewer
taxed goods than had been before?
That is the first objection against the policy
and the justice of this treaty. That is significantly
pronounced to be the firsteffectof reciprocity."
It is the first effect of reciprocity. If any one
sees fit to find fault with it i do not.
But, sir, if in this respect the tieaty sins against
American interests, I a&k does it not also sin
against Canadian interests; for the very same
tables will show you that in the very same years
before the treaty, to wit, from 1850 to 1853 inclu-
sive, Canada took from us of free goods only
$4,1G5,413, and after the treaty, in the same years
as before, from 1856 to 1859 inclusive, Canada
took of free goods ^35,911,820? Then, if the treaty
increased our imports of free goods, it increased
their imports of free goods; if it sinned against
our interests itsinned against their interests. The
fact is that it is precisely the effect both paities
contemplated and knew must follow.
Again, it is said that in 1858 we imported from
Canada of dutiable goods only $313,953,-while
Canada imported from us of dutiable goods
$4,524,503. This is called " the next exhibition
of reciprocity." Now, sir, observe here is an
attempt to condemn a treaty which has been in
operation ten years, by stating its operation for
a single year, and this is not the only character
or nature of the attempt. They attempt further-
more, by these arguments, and the like argu-
ments have been repeated here to-day by two or
three who have spoken in suppoit of this resolu-
tion, to make us condemn this treaty which reg-
ulates a trade in ceitam articles, by piling up
before us what is done in the trade in other articles
which the treaty docs not touch. And that is
not all; they attempt to stun us here to-day,
as they have before elsewhere, by telling us of
the immense amount of dutiable goods which
wc send to Canada since the negotiation of the
treaty, and contrasting it with the small amount
of goods that we buy from Canada, a«? if we are
actually being ruined by the amount of dutiable
goods that our Canadian neighbors purchase
from us.
The pretense really is no less than this: that
we are impoverished by every dollar's worth of
goods that we send abroad and sell to other coun-
tries. The argument is that we are in danger
of being mined by the amount of goods foreign
countries purchase from us. If this is so we
shall have England in a very uncomfortable place
in a short time, for we arc purchasing goods very
largely of her; she is sending a great many taxed
goods to us, which wc take. 1 supposed that the
fact that we were able to send goods abroad in
spite of duties levied on the boundaries, in spite
of all restrictions, was an evidence and an element
of our wealth.
I shall not dwell longer on these objections.
Really they cannot be insisted upon; they cannot
be beloved in. The treaty is not to blame because
we buy and sell more free goods since it has been
contracted than we did before. The treaty is not
to blame because Canada continues to buy from
us goods which the treaty does not make free and
we do not buy from her goods which the treaty
does not make free. This is not the fault of the
treaty.
The next accusation is of a graver character.
It is said that by the tieaty " the ancient laws of
trade have been subverted, and our exports to
Canada, which formerly exceeded our imports,
are now greatly less;" that " they sell to us, but
go elsewhere to buy." This i« a grave accusa-
tion; and if it were true I myself should insist
upon the repeal of this treaty; for 1 hold that rn
times like these it is of the very first importance
that we limit our purchases from abroad to the
lowest figure,and i hold that it is one of the great
faults of our system of finance at the present time
that we aie more ambitious of getting revenue
from duties than we arc to limit and restrict our
foreign debt. Hut I do not c$ieede that the fact
is as stated. The evidence is to the contrary.
The report of the Secretary of the Treasury, made
upon a coil of the House of Representatives on
the 1st of February, 1864, which lias he« n referred
to in this debate already, shows a balance of trade
in our favor in every year except the years 1869
and 1861. If that report tells the truth, instead
of the ancient laws of trade being subverted, the
ancient laws of trade are preserved. The balance
of trade between us and Canada used to be in our
favor before the treaty was made, and according
to that report it has been in our favor every year
since the treaty was made, with* as I said, the
exceptions of 1860 and 1861.
In 1860 he states the account as follows: our
imports from Canada were $23,851,381, while our
exports were §22,706,328. That would show a
balance against us, if these figures are correct, in
that year of $1,145,053. For 1861 he states our im-
ports at ^23,062,933, and ourexports$22,741,613,
making a balance against us of only $317,320.
The fact that these small insignificant balances
are stated against us in two years out of ten, and
that from a trade growing from §12,000,000 to
§40,000,000, would not be a grave offense in the
^paty, 1 think.
But, sir, there are very strong, if not conclusive,
reasons, for believing that this account is not cor-
rect. In this account made from our own Treas-
ury Department our exports to Canada for these
years are stated at less than they are in the Ca-
nadian reports. For I860, in this account our ex-
ports to Canada are stated at $14,083,114, whereas
the Canadian reports state our exports for that
year at $17,273,029.
Our exports to Canada in the report of our own
Secretary of the Treasury are stated for 1861 at
$14,361,858, while the Canadian reports state
them at $21,069,388. If the Canadian statement
of our exports is correct, then in these years, as
in all other years, there has been a large balance
of trade in our favor under the treaty.
But it is urged again that we exported in 1863
to Canada no less than $3,502,180 in gold com,
and from that fact the inference is rashly drawn,
as I conceive, that no less than §10,000,000 in
coin or its equivalent are annually exported to
settle up our balances. Because in a single year it
was found that there was an export of §3,000,000,
it is supposed that we must have exported $10,-
000,000 to settle our balances; and while enfor-
cing that argument upon U3 they forgot to tell us
that in the very same year there was imported
from the very same country through one single
port of ours no less than §4,892,195 in coin. If
an export of §3,000,000 in gold warrants the con-
clusion that §10,000,000 are annually required to
settle our balance, what is the inference from an
import of §4,000,000 for the same year?
Again, it is objected that " in the first four years
after the treaty came into operation we received of
the list of articles named in the treaty §28,721,691
in value more than Canada received from us."
This is urged as the most flagrant offense in the
treaty. " If this be reciprocity," it is said, " the
less we have of it the better." I agree with the
sentiment entirely, but not with the fact. The
difference was great, but not so great as is alleged.
Our trade in tiiose years was as follows: our
imports were §49,708,139, and our exports were
§30,015,051, making: a difference of §19,093,088,
instead of §28,771,691, as was stated. Even of
such reciprocity I have no hesitation in declaring
that I should have said the less the better, and
we have been having less and less of that kind of
| reciprocity ever since. I have given you the state-
ment of our trade in the first four years after the
treaty was made, let me give you the condition
of the trade in the last three years for which we
have reports. In 1860 our exports to Canada,
(for I am now speaking of our trade with Canada
alone, and it is said truly that our trade with Can-
ada is much the largest item of the whole com-
merce, and it is also said that our complaints
against Canada are much greater than against any
of the other provinces,) our exports to Canada
of eoodfc made free by the treaty were in 1SG0
$7,069,098, while our imports were §16,300,377.
There was a large balance against us. In 1861
our exports were Sj9,980,937. Our exports had
increased. Our imports for tile same year were
$14,293,922. Ourimporfs had decreased. In 1662
our exports were $14,430,020', a large increase,
and our imports were only $12,807,304; a still
greater decrease. In those three years the aggre-
gate of our exports was ;,3! ,4^0,661, ami the ag-
gr, iMf.e of our iin ports <U3,401,663. ThedifiVrcnce
against us for those three years was } 11,911.002,
whereas the difference against us for the first tour
years, as we have seen, was $19,000,000. But
1 have stated here only our trade with Canada.
