978
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
ing to the common understanding and judgment
of mankind, it is not to be supposed that every-
body will understand it. And when men have
supposed that their names have been entered upon
the enrollment list, they will after a time, while
supposing that they are not liable to fine and im-
prisonment, find some officer coming along and
picking them up, and having them indicted and
imprisoned, when, so far as their own consciences
are concerned, they knew not that they were guilty
of any offense whatever.
The SPEAKER announced that debate on the
amendment to the amendment had expired.
Mr. CHANLER withdrew his amendment to
the amendment.
The question was on Mr. Sloan's amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 would ask the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Sloan] to accept in lieu of
his amendment the one winch 1 will suggest, and
which I think will accomplish the same object
he has in view. 1 suggest the following: insert
after the word "knowingly" the words "and
with intent to avoid the draft."
Mr. SLOAN. 1 accept that amendment.
The amendment of Mr. Sloan, as modified,
was then adopted.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move to amend this
section by inserting after the words " the several
acts to which this is an amendment" the words
"and who has not yet been enrolled." My ob-
ject is to make this section as nearly perfect as
possible, by removing all reasonable grounds for
objection, and still leave it with the efficiency
which, I think, a law of this kind ought to have
in order to accomplish the object intended.
I hope 1 shall not try the patience of the House
or of the Speaker when 1 try to manage this bill
so as to accomplish that purpose. I find the fol-
lowing in the rules governing this House:
" No member shall speak more than once to the same
question without leave of the House, unless he be the
mover, proposer, or introducer of the matter pending; in
which case he shall be permitted to speak in reply, but not
until every member choosing to speak shaii have spoken.3'
« Where an amendment is offered after a member has
occupied the floor, lie may again occupy the floor, the ques-
tion being changed."
I was reminded a few minutes ago by the
Speaker that I had spoken two or three times upon
this section, and therefore, even if no oneelsehad
claimed the floor, I could not be heard. I had not
spoken two or three times upon any one amend-
ment, and the question being changed, I wanted
to be heard upon the amendment to change the
bill. Now, if I have been mistaken in the rules,
I have been led into that mistake by observing,
what everybody m the House knows, that the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
[Mr. Stevens] and his colleague on that commit-
tee who sits near him, [Mr. Morrill,] have al-
ways been heard, and heard patiently, anil been
given the floor in preference to others in answer
to objections to the bills under their charge.
Tiie SPEAKER. After what the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] has said, the Chair
must be allowed to state that he has conformed to
the usual practice of this House in the decision
he has made. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Chakler] moved to amend the first section
of this bill by insertingthe wotd 44 willfully,"and
upon that amendment he spoke ten minutes. The
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] was heard
ten minutes in reply. Then the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Chaxler] withdrew hisamend-
inent and moved to insert .the word 44 intention-
ally," and upon that amendment he spoke ten min-
utes. Then the gentleman ii urn Now Jci^cy [Au .
IIogers] claimed the floor, and the Chair thinks he
claimed it in advance of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Schenck.]
The gentleman from Ohio is mistaken to thi3
extent in what he claims to be the practice in
Committee of the Whole, when sections of ap-
propriation bills are under consideration. The
Committee of Ways and Means are first recog-
nized to offer amendments to perfect the section.
They are first entitled to the floor for that pur-
pose. But they are not entitled, under any rule
or usage known to the Chair to reply to every
amendment winch may be offered to any part of
the appropriation bills.
M i. fc>C HENCK. The Chair n&ed not suppose
that f am going to speak on ev.ery occasion und
oh every subject; but a3 to the practice m Com-
mittee of the Whole and in the House, in refer-
ence to replying to propositions to amend, 1 know,
as every member of this House knows, what that
practice has been.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a
point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state his
point of order.
Mr. MALLORY. My point of order is that
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] is not
addressing himself to any subject before the
House, but is lecturing the Speaker.
Mr. SCHENCK. No,sir; the gentleman from
Ohio is defending; himself.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 call the gentleman to or-
der. He is now violating the rules of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
gentleman from Ohio has the right, when he
thinks the Chairis in error, to have the Chair con-
strue the rules correctly, and will always recog-
nize the right of every gentleman, when he thinks
that the Chair has erred, to give the Chair the
benefit of any suggestion, reserving the right to
reply or to defend himself.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not wish to obtrude
myself improperly upon the House or upon the
Chair; but as the Chair put the objection to my
answering, where a new and different amendment
was offered, upon the ground that I had already
occupied the floor, i felt justified in referring to
what I understood to be the rule and the practice.
The SPEAKER. As this matter must go in
the Globe, the gentleman having raised the point,
it is proper that the Chair should state that both
amendments were pro forma in their character, and
were so understood m the House. The gentleman j
from Ohio had spoken once m reply when the i
gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Rogers] sought
the floor to speak. Then the gentleman from
Ohio remarked that he was entitled to the floor as
chairman of the committee. That remark caught
the ear of the Chair, and the Chair replied that
he had already spoken three times, while the
gentleman from New Jersey had not yet spoken,
and therefore the floor was awarded to the iatter
gentleman.
Mr. SCHENCK. I wished merely to call at-
tention to the difference in persons.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have offered this amend-
ment with the view of perfecting the bill. 1 find
that the position of the gentleman from New Jer-
sey, [Mr. Rogers,] like that of other gentlemen,
including the gentleman fiom New York, [Mr.
Chanler,] is one of general hostility to the bill.
The arguments presented are directed against the
whole system.
As to any disposition on my part to preclude
proper discussion of this matter, the House will
bear me witness that I have invited candid and
thorough discussion, such as our limited time will
allow. I have not been disposed to hurry this
bill through without alio wing the views of mem-
bers to be heard. 1 appeal to the House in tes-
timony of the fairness with which 1 have acted.
As to the speech of the gentleman from New
Yoik [Mr. Chanler]—that 44 soldier of the Re-
public" who, forgetting his chivalry, attacks an-
other humble " soldier of the Republic"—1 admit
that I well understood that he had prepared a
speech of an hour's length, for he so admonished
the House; but I did think that it would be easier
for us to take it in small doses, and that we might
in that way recover sooner from the infliction.
Hence I found it rather an argument in favor of
the ten minutes rule that, under it, that speech
would be given to us in six successive chaiges.
[Laughter.]
Mr. CHANLER. I congratulate the gentle-
man upon the workingof thefirstdose. It seems
to have operated very well,
Mr. SCHENCK. Not much, sir.
Mr. CHANLER. I shall supply the gentle-
man with a repetition of the same dose.
Mr. SCHENCK. Having left the tented field
to come to the " cupola of safety," I hope to be
defended hereafter by my friends, if I am incapa-
ble of taking care of myself, from any further at-
tacks of this nature. I did not expect to get
quite so high from any help the gentleman might
give me. [Laughter.]
I shall not reply to these general attacks upon
the system. I shall confine my&eif, so far as 1
may be permuted under the rules to do so, to pro-
posing such modifications as will, in my opinion,
improve this or any other section of the bill.
With this view, I now move to amend by insert-
ing in the fifth line after the word 44 amendment"
the words "and who has not vet been enrolled.'*
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 move further to amend
by striking out, in the fourteenth line, the word
14 thirty," and inserting in heu thereof the word
44 twenty," so as to reduce the term of imprison-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ODELL. I move on line seven to strike
out 44 ten" and inseit 44 twenty," so as to give
persons twenty instead of ten days to report for
enrollment. 1 do not think that the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs will object to
that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LE BLOND. I suggest to the chairman
of the Commute on Military Affairs the propriety
of striking out in line twel ve the words 44 courts
of the United States," and inserting 41 State
courts."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That has been strick-
en out already.
The question recurred on striking out the entire
section.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 60,
noes 51.
Mr. SCHENCK demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Schenck
and Nelson were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 60, noes 49.
So the first section was stricken out.
The Clerk reported the second section, as fol-
lows:
And he it further enacted, That hereafter all persons mas-
tered into the military or navaf service, whether as volun-
teers, substitutes, representatives or otherwise. >iiall be
, credited to the State and to the ward, mwir-lup, precinct,
1 or other enrollment sub-district wfwrt* curb por>on« belong
: by actual residence, (if such persons have an actual resi-
t dence.) and where such persons were or ^Ifail be enrolled,
I (if liable to enrollment;) and it is hereby madr the duty of
| the ProvostMar-sh.it General to makt* such ml"- ami give
such instructions to the several provost mar>!ials, boatds
of enrollment, and mustering officers, a* '.hull be necessary
for the faithful enforcement of the provision* of the* sec-
tion, to the end that lair and ju&t credit shall be given to
every section of the country.
Mr. BLAINE. I move to amend the second
section by adding thereto the following:
Provided, That in any call for troop*, no county, town,
township, ward, precinct, or election di-tnct, -hall have
credit except for men actually funnelled on send call, or
preceding call, by said county, town, township, ward,
precinct, or election dMrict. and mustered into the military
or naval service on the quota iiiereof.
There were two provisions inserted in the en-
rollment law of last session, Mr. Speaker, which
have in my judgment produced a great deal of
mischief and very little good. I refer to those
sections winch permuted recruiting m the rebel
States and the allowance of credits for previous
naval enlistments. From these two sources have
arisen the gigantic and wide-spread evil of filling
! quotas of towns without i tiding troops to the
I Army. The amendment wlu  h 1 hnve offered is
I designed to correct this evil, to cut it up by the
j roots, and to bring back recruiting to an honesty
! meritorious, and patriotic «-iFmt io fill the ranks ol
' our gallant Army with m -n and not with the
shadowy fictions which pas.* under the general
1 name of44 paper eddies." We have witnessed
| with amazement the quotas of entire cities and
j districts, and ! do not know but Statesaiso, teclmi-
! cally filled, without adding a single man or mus-
i cle to the effective military fotce of the nation,
i How this is done,by what system ofronstiuctiye
| credits, or fictitious credits, or hauduleiii credits
! it has been accomplished, is a mystery which I
1 am totally uiuible to soke. The fact, however,
! is one of general notonety, und the evil is one
I which should not be nliowt d to cxifi for a single
; day when the correction can be applied by Con-
; giess.
And Congress, sir, is the only power that can
| apply the letnedy! The State authorities wes
' and appreciate the evil, but they have not sura*
, cient jurisdiction in the premises to correct it.
in the Legislature of my own State this winter
there has been much discussion and excitement
in regard to this nuttier, and a law was passed
; designed to abate the evil; but all State
, necessarily fall ithort of the object for want ot
