214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
relates to witnesses in the courts of the United
States.
Mr. SPALDING objected, but subsequently
withdrew his objection.
The bill was received, and read a first and sec-
ond time. It provides that the third section of
the act indicated be amended by adding a proviso
that in actions by or against executors, adminis-
trators, or guardians, m which judgment may be
rendered'for or against them, neither party shall
be allowed to testify against the other as to any
transaction with or statement by the testator, in-
testate, or ward, unless called to testify thereto by
ihe opposite party, or required to testify thereto
by the court.
Mr. GANSON. I move to strike out the words
"or required to testify thereto by the court."
Mr. HOLMAN. i hope the gentleman from
.New York will not press his amendment In
many States, including that of Indiana, in mat-
ters of probate the court is expressly authorized
to examine a party; and certainly great benefit
may arise from the exercise of that power by the
court, and that provision, above all others, should
be retained. It would be unfortunate if a court
could not call upon a party before it, being an
executor, administrator, or guardian, to testify
touching any fact connected with the matter be-
fore it; and I think a very great mistake will be
made if this featme of the bill is stricken out.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconain. I would sug-
gest to tiie gentleman from Indiana that the pro-
posed amendment will not prevent the opposite
party fiom ascertaining from the executor, ad-
ministrator, or guardian, any fact which they
may be personally cognizant of. It merely pre-
vents them from becoming witnesses in their own
behalf.
1 desire to suggest to the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary that he shalj^so amend
the provision as to make the rules of the common
law, as they existed independent of statute pro-
visions, prevail in reference to the determination
of the admissibility of witnesses. I do not believe
there has been any improvement by legislation
upon the common-law uile.
Mr. hlOLMAN. I will remark, in answer to
what has been said, that the cases to which this
provision specially applies are ordinarily cogni-
zant by the eouits. Claims against estates are
generally cx piate, and it would bo on unfortu-
nate state of the law if the court itself, the com-
mon guardian of estates and of orphan children,
was not permitted to call upon a party present
before it, presenting his claim, to testify to a
given fact. The court would not do it except in
cases of necessity, and to deprive them ot that
power would, in many instances, work injustice,
it does seem to me that the provision can do no
harm, and in many cases would be productive of
rnuch good.
Mr. GANSON. I will suggest to the gentle-
man from Indiana tjiat this bill has no effect what-
soeverupon the local laws of the States, as it only
relates to proceedings in the Federal courts, and
they are not courts of probate anywhere. Iam
opposed to vesting a discretion in the court as to
whether parties shall be called upon and com-
pelled to testify.
Mr. HOLMAN, 1 referred to the local power
of piobate courts mainly for the purpose of illus-
trating a principle, for there are cases analogous
pending in the United States courts, and in which
the same power ought to be exercised by the
court.
Mr.JOHNSON,ofPennsylvania. {do notsee
the difference taken between the court asking a
question of a witness and the opposite party asking
it. In point of fact, there is no such thing as the
opposite party having the right to ask a question of
u witness or of a party. It is all done by the court,
and cannot be done without the permission of the
court. All a party would have to do if he desired
a. question to be put would be to suggest it to the
court, and the judge would propound the ques-
tion. It is a distinction without a difference.
Mr. WiLSON. I believe the provisions of this
bill conform to the statutes of most of the States
in which the rule of evidence has been so changed
as to admit parties to testify in their own behalf;
and therefore it conforms more nearly to the rule
in force prior to the act of 1863, which adopted
the rules of evidence of the seveial States in the
courts of the United States. And inasmuch as it
conforms to the usages and laws of a majoiityof
the States where this rule has been adopted, I
think we had better pass the bill in its present
form; and I therefore demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question recurring first on theamendment
offered by Mr. Ganson, it was put; and there
were, on a division—ayes 40, noes 51.
The SPEAKER voted in the negative, making
a quorum.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WILSON moved that the vote last taken
be reconsidered; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
"The latter motion was agreed to.
HEIRS OF B. A. BAYLJ5Y.
Mr. KING, by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill for the benefit of the heirs of B. A. Bayley,
deceased; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
REPORT OP INTERNAL REVENUE COMMISSIONER.
Mr. PIKE, by unanimous consent, introduced
the foliowi ng resolution; which was referred, under
the rule, to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That the Supeuntondcnt of Public Punting
In* aiiUioiizerito print live thousand copies of the lopoit of
theCoinmiissioiH'r of Interna! lievenue, with the accompa-
nyingtabularstatcment,for ihe use of the office ol Internal
Revenue.
REPORT OF CHIEF ENGINEER ICING.
Mr. PIKE also, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
and referred, under the rule, to the Committee on
Piinting:
Ilcsolvcd, That the u^ual number of copies of the report
of Chief Engineer Kin* upon the iion-clads of Europe be
printed for the use of the House, and five hundred extra
copies for the um; of the Navy Depaitment.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, icported a bill making appropriations
for the service of the Post Office Department dur-
ing the fiscal year ending June 30, 1866, which
was read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordered to be printed and made the special
order for Wednesday of next week.
AMENDMENT OF INTERNAL REVENUE LAW.
Mr. EDGERTON,by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Ihsolved, That the Committee of Ways and Moans be
instmcted to inquire into the expediency of repealing or
amending so much of the net entitled " An act to provide
internal revenue to support Ihe Government, to pay the
interest on the public debt, and for other purposes,>' ap-
pioved June 30, 1864, as imposes a duty of six dollars per
centrum the value ot real estate which a widow may
acqum? the Miccos:«or of ber decc.ised husband, to the
end that such lav or duty shall not l)e imposed upon the
value oi the real cm ate which the widow may aequiie as
doweress or heir of lier hilt-hand by operation of law inde-
pendent of In* power of alte nation and of the claims of ins
cteditors or heirs at law, or which Mie shall acquire by
gift or devise in lieu of iiei dower or other legal interest In
her deceased Int-bandVieal estate; and that said committee
loport by bill or othcnvisc.
Mr. SPALDING. I now insist on the regu-.
lar order of business.
ABOLITION OF SLAVERY.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of business
is the consideration of the business in which the
House was engaged at the adjournment yester-
day, being the motion to reconsider the vote by
which the House on the 15th of last June rejected
a joint resolution (S. No. 16) submitting to the
Legislatures of the several States a proposition to
amend the Constitution of the United States, on
which the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. C. A.
White] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. C. A. WHITE. Mr. Speaker, this is a
proposition to amend the Constitution of the
United States so as to prohibit the existence of
the institution of slavery throughout the entire
territorial jurisdiction of the United States, and
conferring upon Congress plenary power to pass
all necessary enactments to enforce this provision
of the Constitution. I do not propose at this
time to enter upon a discussion of the abstract
question of slavery. This, sir, is not so much a
question of expediency, in my mind, as a ques-
tion of right and of power, and as such I propose
to discuss it to-day. There are many questions
entering into the discussion of this question which
are purely questions of expediency; such as the
propriety of submitting to the people an amend-
ment to the fundamental law of the land at a time
when we are engaged in a most terrible revolution,
and when the public mind and the public atten-
tion are riveted upon the events which are trans-
piring daily in our midst, and when it would be
almost impossible to secure to this amendment
that careful and serious consideration which it
demands at the hands of the American people
^nd of the American Congress.
But, sir, 1 maintain that we have no power, that
the Congress of the United States has no cogni-
zance of the subject-matter under consideration so
as to affect the status of individuals; that it is solely
and exclusively within the power of the States;
and that the filth article of the Constitution pro-
viding for amendments does not confer upon the
Congress of the United States any jurisdiction or
any power beyond the grants and delegations of
power plainly and distinctly written down m the
Constitution. The very term " amendment" is
itself a word of limitation. This is notachange,
an alteration, a modification, an enlargement^ or
a diminution of any provision already existing in
the Constitution, but it is a supplement added to
the Constitution—a separate, independent, dis-
tinct, substantive clause, disconnected with any
grant or delegation of power written down in the
Constitution.
Did the States, when they ratified the Consti-
tution of the United States, intend by the fifth
article of that Constitution to confer upon two
thirds of Congress and three fourths of the States
unlimited power? If the construction claimed by
gentlemen upon the other side be true, it is so.
All then that you would have to do in order to
make the Congress of the United States as omnip-
otent as the Parliament o'f Great Britain would
be to change the fifth article of the Constitution,
and provide that a majority of a quorum in Con-
gress might amend the Constitution, and that
would confer upon the Congress of the United
States as plenary, omnipotent, unlimited power
over every subjectof legislation, ay, sir, it would
make the Congress of the United States as omnip-
otent as the English Parliament. Does any man
believe that the people of the States who adopted
this Constitution, jealous as they were of the en-
croachments of centralized power, would have
incorporated any such provision as that in the
Constitution if they had so understood it?
1 maintain, therefore, that the proposed amend-
ment of the Constitution cannot be made of bind-
ing force and effect upon the States except by the
ratification and consent of the States given in the
exercise of the sovereign power of the States;
that even the Legislatures of the States have not
the power to give the consent. Sir, it is written
down in the Constitution, tenth amendment, that
" no person shall be deprived of life, liberty, or
property except by due process of law."
What is u process of law ?" It imports day in
court and trial by jury. Is not the light of the
master to the service of the slave property ? Those
who made our Constitution for us and the States
that ratified it so understood. I will not allude
to the express provisions of the Constitution in
which we have a direct recognition of the right to
service in slaves as property in fixing the basis
of taxation and representation, and in other re-
spects. Every one of the original thirteen States
while the constitutional Convention was laboring
to effect the completion of that instrument was a
slave State; and at the time of its adoption each
iotate except one was a slave State.
That is property which the local municipal law
i recognizes as property. I cannot accept the doc-
trine of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farms-
worth,] that that is property which God makes
property. Why, sir, I think that he would have
great difficulty in tracing the title of his land if he
would attempt to trace it to that omnipotent source.
| Adopting that doctrine, he would find a link miss-
11 ing in the chain of almost every title in the land.
