980
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
adhered to, and hence the result has come about
■which has been stated by my colleague, and Mas-
sachusetts and New York have absorbed almost
all the naval credits of thecountry.
But worse than this, credits have been given to
these States when no men haveever been furnished
by anybody. Bold frauds; "paper men" have
been substituted for sailors; and up to this time
fifty per cent, more men have been credited to the
different States than are in the Navy altogether.
It is therefore time the thing should stop. By
repealing this section no allowance would be made
hereafter for any men put into the Navy prior to
February, 1864, and that is what ought to bedone.
My State is quite willing to receive no credits for
men not furnished, and she wants other States
placed in the same category. She ought not to
be obliged to put in her quota of live men—as
good, to say the least, as any in the service—and
New York and Massachusetts be permitted to
fill up their quotaswith " paper men." And for
one, I am content to have the law repealed alto-
gether, because I think that is the only effectual
way to bring about a result which shall be fair
all round. I withdraw the amendment to the
amendment.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I ask unan-
imous consent that Friday next, after the morn-
ing hour, be devoted to business of the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I object.
The hour of half past five p. m. having ar-
rived,
The SPEAKER declared the House adjourned
until to-morrow.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 22, 1865.
Prayer by Rev. JohmThrcsh, of Washington,
District of Columbia.
On motion of Mr. FOOT, and by unanimous
consent, the reading of the Journal was dispensed
with.
ILLUMINATION FOR UNION VICTORIES.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chairdesires
permission to state that official communication
has been made to the Vice President and to the
Speaker of the House of Representatives that the
public Departments of this city will be illumi-
nated by orderof the President this evening, and
they have, correspondingly, issued an order to
illuminate the national Capitol.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. MORGAN presented a petition of mer-
chants and residents of the city of New York,
praying for the passage of the " bill to establish
a uniform system of bankruptcy throughout the
United States;" which was ordered to lie on the
table,
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a petition of cit-
izens of Decatur, Illinois, praying for the grant-
ingof a pension to Dr. Ira B. Curtis,of that place;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WILSON presented a memorial of Nor-
man Wiard, praying for the adoption of meas-
ures whereby the invention and fabrication of
ordnance may be opened to public competition;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
He also presented a memorial of Daniel J.
Browne, appointed by the Commissioner of Pat-
ents an agent to visit various parts of Europe to
investigate and report on the productions, manu-
factures, and commerce of Europe, praying for
an investigation into the manner in which he has
discharged his official duties, and that he may be
compensated for detention and loss of time; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented a memorial of Richard M.
Williams, praying for the passage of an act pro-
viding that ail those who have been drafted and
paid the sum of $300 for the procuration of sub-
stitutes under the act entitled "An act for enroll-
ing and calling out the national forces, and for
other purposes,"approved March 3,1863, and the
act amendatory thereof approved February 24,
1864, shall be placed on the same footing with
each other and with those who have furnished
substitutes, and shall be exempted from liability
to military service for the period of three years
from the time of the payment of said sum of $300;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. WADE presented a petition of manufac-
turers of agricultural implements, praying for a
reduction of the tax on agricultural implements,
and suggesting a tax of one per cent..on the gross
sales of agricultural implements; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, presented the resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Indiana in favor of an
extension of the time for the completion of the
Grand Rapids and Indiana railroad; which was
ordered to lie on the table, inasmuch as the Com-
mittee on Public Lands have already reported a
bill on the subject.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave tointroduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 120) to authorize the Union
Pacific Railroad Company, eastern division, to
acquire certain right of way and land from the
incompetent Wyandotte Indians; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES,
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial of
S. D. Carpenter, praying for an examination of
his invention of a new method of defensive armor
in the construction of war vessels, with a view to
its adoption by the Government, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of contractors with the
Navy Department for the building of certain ves-
sels of war known as double-enders, and the me-
morial of William H. Webb, submitted a report
accompanied by a joint resolution (S. R. No. 119)
for the relief of Paul S. Forbes and others; which
was read and passed to a second reading, and the
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. NESM1TH, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was re-
ferred a resolution of the Legislature of Iowa, in
favor of the construction of a military and wagon
road from some point on the west side of the Mis-
souri iver, in Nebraska Territory, to Gallatin,
in Idaho Territory, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (H. R. No. 171)
in the matter of Sergeant Daniel Collett, jr., de-
ceased, reported it without amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the communica-
tion of David Gowdey, addressed to Hon. Wil-
liam Spragce, alleging certain inaccuracies in
the census report of 1860 in regard to the number
and location of reed-makers in the United States,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to who m
was referred the memorial of citizens of New
York, praying for the passage of a law making
uniform regulations throughout theUnited States
of the times, places, and manner of holding elec-
tions for Senators and Representatives, except as
to the place of choosing Senators, defining the
qualifications requisite for electors, and abrogating
such regulations prescribed by the Legislatures
in each State or otherwise as may be inconsistent
therewith, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of the Presbytery of
Cincinnati and the petition of citizens of the Uni-
ted States, praying for such an amendment to the
Constitution as will more fully recognizo the ob-
ligations of the Christian religion, asked to be
discharged from their furtherconsideration; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of the executive com-
mittee of the Board of Delegates of the American
Israelites, protesting agamstan amendment of the
Constitution of the United States more fully rec-
ognizing the obligations of the Christian religion
as prayed for in the memorial of the Presbytery
of Cincinnati, dated September 20, 1864, asked
to be discharged from its furtherconsideration;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (S. No. 345) to prevent the
Secretary of War and persons engaged m the
military service of the United Stales from inter-
fering with the freedom of religion, reported it
adversely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (S. R. No. 108)
to provide for submitting to the several States
an amendment of the Constitution of the United
States in reference to the mode of representation
in the several States, reported it adversely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a joint resolution (S. R. No. 101)
proposing an amendment to the Constitution of
the United States, so as to allow the imposition
of a tax upon exports, reported it adversely, the
committee deeming it injudicious and unadvisable
at this time to propose that amendment to the
Constitution of the United States.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of W. E.
Morgan, second lieutenant first District Colum-
bia volunteers, praying that he may be allowed
pay from the 31st of May, 1863, to th# 11th
day of September, 1863, during which time he
alleges he was held waiting the settlement of his
accounts as acting assistant quartermaster, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. The Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred a
bill (S. No. 441) to enlarge the canals and improve
the navigation of the Fox and Wisconsin rivers,
from the Mississippi river to Lake Michigan, for
military and naval purposes; the bill (H.R.No.
126) to construct a ship-canal around the falls of
Niagara; and the bill (H. R. No. 322) to construct
a ship-canal for the passage of armed and naval
vessels from the Mississippi river to Lake Michi-
gan, and for other purposes, have directed me to
report these bills back, not adversely or favorably,
but to report them back accompanied by a joint
resolution for the purpose of making surveys.
The joint resolution (S. R. No. 118) to author-
ize surveys to be made with a view to the con-
struction of a ship-canal around the falls of Ni-
agara; to deepen and enlarge the Illinois and
Michigan canal, and improve the navigation of
the Illinois river; to improve the Upper rapids and
Lower, or Des Moines, rapids of the Mississippi
river; and to improve the navigation of the Fox
and Wisconsin rivers, was read and passed to a
second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (H. R. No. 765) concerning
regimental and garrison courts-martial, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a joint resolution (S. R. No. 61)
amendatory of an act entitled "An act to provide
for the protection of overland emigration to the
States and Territories of the Pacific," approved
March 3, 1864, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whpm
was referred the joint resolution (H. R. No. 172)
to authorize the President to make transfers of
officers in the Army of the United States, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (S. No. 434) more effectually
to provide for the national defense by establish-
ing a uniform militia throughout the United
States, reported it with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (H. R. No. 600) for the better
organization of the subsistence deportment, re-
ported it with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a joint resolution (H. R. No. 169)
to provide for the publication of a full Army
Register, reported it with amendments.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Nayal
Affairs, to whom was referred a bill (S. No. 465)
to create the office of Solicitor and Nuval Judge
Advocate General, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of Wil-
liam Nichols, praying for a pension,submitted a
report accompanied by a bill (S. No. 469) for thn
