1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
215
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wish to inquire of
the gentleman whether if the municipal law should
declare him property that would make him prop-
erty ?
Mr. C.A.WHITE. My answeris,thatifthe
local, municipal law provided that another man
'should have property in my service, my service
would be his property. The 'guarantee of the
Constitution is for the enforcement of the local
municipal laws by the concentration of the power
of the whole people. The parent has the right
to the service of his child; he has a property in
the service of that child. A husband has aright
of property in the service of his wife; he has the
right to the management of his household affairs.
The master has a right of property in the service
of his apprentice. All those rights rest upon the
same basis as a man's right of property in the
service of slaves. The relation is clearly and dis-
tinctly defined by the law, and as clearly and dis-
tinctly recognized by the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 would like to put
another inquiry to the gentleman. I understand
him to announce the doctrine that any man is
property who is made so by municipal law.
Mr. C. A. WHITE. That, sir, is not the
question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wish now to ask the
genileman what he understands by the phrase in
the Declaration oflndependence in regard to man's
" inalienable right to liberty." In the opinion of
the gentleman, has any man an " inalienable right
to liberty ?"
Mr. C. A. WHITE. I will come directly to
that question—the doctrine of inalienability of
righ ts.
As I was proceeding to argue, that is property
winch the local municipal law makes property.
Everything that we havein this material universe
is the gift of God to man for his sustenance, for
his support, and for his comfort. This beautiful
world and all its treasures weregiven to mankind
in general. They were originally no more the
property of one man than another. They were
given for the common use of all. But the neces-
sities of society required that there should be sep-
arate and distinct rights of individuals with ref-
erence to this world and its products; and the
appropriation of them by individuals is recog-
nized by the municipal customary law and by the
fundamental law of the land. Gentlemen who
claim that it is a violation of " the inalienable
rights of man" for one man to hold property in
the labor of another, might as well claim that it
was a violation of " inalienable rights" for one
man to appropriate to himself to the exclusion of
others any part of this common gift of God to
man, bestowed as a common heritage. This is
the result of the doctrine. It is a leveling princi-
ple; it is agrarian in its character, and once en-
tered upon there is no telling when -to stop.
The right to service in slaves, then, is recog-
nized as property. That right of property can-
not be taken away from any person except by
" dueprocessof law." "Due process of law,"as
I before remarked, imports day in court and trial
by jury. The only power, then, that can reach
this question is the omnipotent sovereignty of the
State, which rises above and overshadows, con-
trols and molds, every other power and every
other right and interest. Why, sir, the right to
possess and enjoy property is essential to the
very existence of man. We could not live with-
out it. It is guaiantied in the Constitution.
Maryland and Missouri have abolished slavery.
How did they do it? They did it by the exer-
cise of the sovereignty of the State, and consist-
ently with this provision of the Constitution,
guarantying the right of individuals in property.
They did it by conventions representing the sov-
ereignty of the State. They did it consistently
with the provisions of the Constitution, because
the Constitution itself recognizes the sovereignty
of the States.
Sir, I am a believer to the fullest extent in that
doctrine which has been denounced upon this floor
as a damnable heresy—the absolute, unqualified
sovereignty of the States. And I believe it is be-
cause these States are absolutely and exclusively
sovereign that they may, in the exercise of their
sovereignty delegated to conventions for the pur-
pose, dispose of this institution of slavery, and that,
too, consistently with this provision written down
in the tenth amendmentof the Constitution of the
United States.
Now, sir, what is sovereignty ? It is defined by
our law-writers to be the supreme power in the
land. There can be-but one supreme power; su-
preme is superlative; there can be none greater.
There cannot be more than one supreme prfwer
over the same subject-matter at oneandthesame
time. If the Congress of the United States is
supreme and sovereign the' States cannot be su-
preme and sovereign. If the States are supreme
m power the Congress of the United States cannot
be. It is an absolute absurdity and monstrosity
to allege the contrary. Why, sir, we should
then be in a worse condition than that child who
was claimed by two mothers; we should be torn
to pieces by these two omnipotent powers. Sov-
ereignty is a thing that inheres in a State, it cannot
be parted with,itcannot beahenated. The States
could not dispose of their sovereignty.
Now, what is the sovereign power in a State?
Is it this beautiful statuary we see around us
here? Is it these marble halls ? Is it these orna-
mented columns? the exquisite tapestry we see
around us? Is it the Congress of the United
States,with the President and the Supreme Court?
Is that the sovereignty of the nation—the sover-
eignty of the State? No, sir; the people are the
State. The people are the sovereigns. The peo-
ple never parted with their sovereignty. For the
sake of convenience and from the necessities of
the case, millions of people scattered and dispersed
over a vast extent of territory must act through
agencies and through instrumentalities in making
their sovereignty felt and demonstrating it in the
administration of government.
We are, sir, here to-day nothing more nor
less than the agencies appointed and designated
through the proper forms established by the sov-
ereign power in the State to execute their will in
the administration of the Government, according
to the limitations of the powers which they them-
selves have imposed upon us. Was it the Uni-
ted States who sent us here as a consolidated
mass? We are elected here by the people of
the States. The Constitution provides that we
shall be. It provides for the apportionment of
representation nmong the States, and that States
shall clect members of Congress, and that the
State Legislatures shall elect Senators, and that
each State acting independently, freely, volun-
tarily, by its own volition, shall select electors
of President and Vice President, and certify the
result here. It provides that the President, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
shall appoint the judiciary. Thus every officer,
every man who represents either of the separate
and distinct coordinate Departments of the Gov-
ernment, derives his power mediately or imme-
diately through the people of the States by their
free, voluntary action in the exercise of the power
of sovereignty.
What is the Constitution of the United States?
It is nothingmore nor less than the prescribed form
adopted by theseparateand distinct sovereignties
through and by which these agencies shall be
appointed, and placing limitations to the powers
which they shall exercise. And that is all thcie
is of u, delegating the powers that they shall ex-
ercise, and limiting the powers to the States. That
is the whole scope of the Constitution.
What arc the constitutions of the States? They
are not the delegations of power, because the State
is sovereign, and the constitutions of the States are
limitations of power upon the Legislatures, State
agencies appointed for the purpose of administer-
ing the regular objects of government. One is a
delegation and the other alimitaiionof powers, and
we of the Federal Government can only exercise
such powers as are granted,and the State govern-
ment cannot exercise any powers that are pro-
hibited, but it may exercise all that are not pro-
hibited.
Why,sir,you might as well attempt to make
me believe that a man can be the subject of two
omnipotent Gods, as be the subject of two sov-
eieignties. *
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman permit me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. C. A. WHITE. Certainly, sir.
Mr. KELLEY. Does not the Constitution of
the United States provide that that Constitution
, and the laws made in pursuance thereof and the
i treaties made under the ajthority of the United
i States shall be the supreme law of the land, any-
' thing in the constitution or the laws of any State
to the contrary notwithstanding?
Mr. C. A. WHITE. Why certainly it does.
Mr. KELLEY. If it be supreme, what other,
under your argument, can be supreme?
Mr. C. A. WHITE. It i^ supreme because
these sovereign States, each onespeakingfor itsel f,
has said it shall be supreme; anil it is because we
are simply the agents and representatives of these
supreme and sovereign powers that it is supreme
acting within the scope of the powers they have
delegated to us.
No, sir; I claim that the States have not, by
aify provision in the Constitution of the United
States, expressed or implied, conferred upon the
Congress of the United States jurisdiction over
this matter, that they have never parted with or
alienated their sovereignty or any part of it, and
indeed they could not part with or alienate it.
But it is claimed that the fifth article of the Con-
stitution delegates this power, and gives the power
to amend overevery subject, and that it is limited
only by the discretion of Congress and of the peo-
Fle. Now, sir, this, to my mind, is an absurdity.
do not believe that there is aState in this Union
—certainly not one of the original thirteen States—
that would have adored this Constitution .with
any such understanding. Why, sir, if that prop-
osition were true, what might not three fourths
of the States do? They might impose all the bur-
dens of taxation upon one quarter of the States.
I do not believe that any such power as this be-
longs to the United States, or to three fourths of
the States, or can b6 enforced in the shape of a
constitutional amendment.
Now, sir, what is this proposition, and who
are most to be affected by it? Why, the eleven
States of this Union that now have no voice upon
this floor have millions of dollars of property
staked upon this issue, and which you propose
simply by force of this amendment to wrestfrom
their possession at once without any compensation
without any piocess of law, and in violation of
all those great fundamental principles of right,
justice, and law, which obtain among civilized and
Christian nations. But I am here told that these
people are absentoftheirown wrong. The fact that
they are not here gives us no additional pow< r, and
confers upon us, as a political body, no additional
rights. It is as a question of power and right that
I discuss this question. That they are not here
does notaffect the question of right. Those States
are the real parlies interested in this matter, ex-
cept, perhaps, the State of Kentucky. And it is
proposed to affect these material rights of these
parties without their consent here, and without
their consent by means of a ratification of this
provision. Now, sir, it is very clear to my mind
that this cannot be done.
Mr. Speaker, the discussion upon this subject
has been chiefly upon the abstract question of
slavery itself. Now, sir, I am not here the advo-
cate of slavery,or the apologist of slavery, and I
have no interest in the institution, except so far
as I am interested in it in common with every
other citizen of my State. Rut, pass this consti-
tutional amendment, and will it affect the status
of individuals within the States designed to be af-
fected by it? Will that make a single man free ?
If slavery goes down, if go down it must, it wilt
be under the sturdy and stunning blows dealt upon
it by your armies; it will be by the application of
force to that institution. It will be by driving the
rebels to that state of extremity that they will be
compelled to crowd the list of their armies with
their slaves. I believe that if we drive that people
to that extremity and force them to enlist their
three million slaves into their armies, with the
promise of freedom for their service, that annihi-
lation of slavery by these means will sound the
death-knell of the Union forever.
I do not believe with some gentlemen upon the
other side of the House that this war is an instru-
ment in the hands ofGod foi the purpose of work-
ing out His designs with reference to this institu-
tion of slavery. I do not believe that God writes
His decrees in the blood of brother shed by
brother. I do not believe that this war is of God.
I believe further that if this institution is a hei-
nous sin against God, and an offense against th@
laws of humanity and civilization, as gentlemen
| claim it to be, that those laws ordained of Go4
. from the foundation of time for the government
