216
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11
of the moral and material universe, will finally-
work out the eradication of this institution peace-
ably, quietly, without any distuibance of the ele-
ments of society.
1 believe that these-are the instrumentalities
through and by which the institution would
have finally beea^disposed of. The heated, un-
wise, angry discussions for the last thirty years
on this question in Congress and out of Con-
gress have done much to strengthen the institution
of slavery. Each side has gone to extremes, the
one just as far as the other. If we had kept open
every avenue of approach to the hearts, con-
sciences,and affections of the people of the South;
if we had quietly &nd peacefully, as Christians,
in the spirit of our holy religion, talked over
this matter, compared our views and sentiments,
thrown open our pulpits to the ministers of the
South as to the ministers of the North, and they
to us, the work of overthrowing slavery would
have been advanced far more than it now is; Ma-
ryland would have been fretf long before this;
Kentucky would have been free; Delaware would
have been free; Virginia would have been free;
and the same influences thatoperated upon those
States would hover in the tier of States lying be-
low until finally the institution would have been
wiped out without the effusion of a single drop
of blood. Sir, it is to the exercise of these influ-
ences and to the arbitrament of the laws of God,
governing the moral and material universe, that
i would leave the institution of slavery. I would
not give the life of the least of our soldiers in the
field for the freedom of a hundred negroes; 1 am
for committing the arbitrament of this institution
to the determination and solution of those laws.
Sir, what will be the consequences flowing from
this provision if it can be enforced and carried
out? It is not so much a provision to free the
slaves as it is a provision to obstruct and prevent
the return of the seceded States to the Union. 1
will not say that it is intended as an obstruction
to prevent the restoration of the Union, but I will
say that that will be the only effect of this con-
stitutional amendment if you adopt it. You have
already,God knows, thrown obstructions enough
in the way of the return of those States. Your
schemesof confiscation and of emancipation and
of proscription have retarded restoration; and
now, by your scheme of constitutional amend-
ment, you will render the restoration ofthc Ameii-
can Union upon the basis of the fathers an absolute
impossibility, and render the restoration of a per-
manent and lasting peace, founded in the affec-
tions, in the consent, in the good-will which every
citizen owes and feels toward his Government,an
impossibility for ages to come.
1 have therefore constantly opposed all these
schemes, because I have desired the restoration
of the Union of these States, and because I have,
in the cxercise of the best judgment I could bring
to bear, believed that all these measures could
only have the effect of obstructing the passage of
those States back into the Union. This war hav-
ing been commenced ought never to have been
prosecuted beyond that point at which the peo-
ple against whom it is waged would have been
willing to come back into the Union upon terms
of perfect equality, terms that would secure their
rights and us our rights, and perpetuate their lib-
erties and our liberties; and, sir, the war is car-
ried on against God and agairlst humanity and
civilization when it is prosecuted beyond, that
point. We have no right to impose new condi-
tions of union upon the people of the South, only
so far as the dumb eloquence of numbers and
power gives ua the right.
But, sir, let me now look at the humanity of
this measure. What will be the effect of turning
loose in our midst here more than three million
men without property, at a time of great po-
litical commotion, when all the foundations of
society are broken up, and while we are con-
vulsed by a terrible revolution that is rocking the
land from one end to the other? ^Vhat will be
the effect of turning loose this mass of people?
Where will they go? What do you propose to
do with them? Do you propose to enfranchise
them, and make them " before the law," as the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]
says, the equals of the white man; give them the
right of suffrage; the right to hold office; the right
to sit upon juries? Do you intend, in other
words, to make this a mongrel Government, in-
stead of a white man's Government? Do you
intend to degrade the United States of America
to the low condition of the provinces of Central
America? Is it for that that we are wasting our
blood and our treasure? Have we no higher aim
or purpose than this in this great struggle in
which we are engaged?
That, as I said before, will be the effect of
throwing this people on their own resources.
They cannot remain South. If you liberate the
negro by the bayonet, the tenure by which he will
hold his* liberty will be only that by which you
have given it to him; he will be free just as long as
the soldier sets his bayonet between the slave and
the master, and no longer. The exodus of the ne-
gro race from all these States is absolutely neces-
sary if it would be free. Where can the negro go ?
Certainly Hot to the cold regions of New England.
Its types of industry, manufactures, are but illy
adapted to the nature and capacity of that race.
The Mississippi valley where we are engaged
in the simpler pursuits of agriculture is destined
to be the home of that people. There we have
prejudices,and those prejudices are tilings which
are of ourselves a part. We cannot eradicate
them if we would. Force the emancipated ne-
groes upon us, make them our equals before the
law, place in their possession the balance of
power in this country, let them control the elec-
tions and dictate who shall manage the Govern-
ment of the country,and what will be the result?
It is easily understood. Civil commotion and in-
ternal strife will follow, however much we may
regret it.
The only way, then, to a restoration of a per-
manent and lasting peace, a peace that will give
strength and stability to theGovcrnment, and win
to it the hearts and consciences of the American
people, is to find some basis on which all can
stand, which will secure the rights of all, and per-
petuate the liberties of all.
MESSAGE FItOM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. IIickey,
its Chief Cleik, announced that the Senate hud
passed without amendment an act (XI. It. No.
595) to amend an act entitled "An actfor the pun-
ishment of crimes in the District of Columbia,"
approved March 2, 1831.
That it had passed with amendments, in which
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House,
An act (H. II. No. G07) to provide for an ad-
vance of rank to officers of the Navy and Marine
corps for distinguished merit; and
An act (H. R. No. 620) to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for the fiscal year ending
30ih June, 18H5.
Also, that the Senate had passed bills of the
following titles, in which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House:
An act (S. No. 385) authorizing the President
to appoint a Second Assistant Secretary of War;
and
An act (S. No. 365) in relation to pensions.
ABOLITION OF SLAVEKY AGAIN".
Mr. SMITHERS. Mr. Speaker, after the elab-
orate discussion which this question has received,
it ought perhaps to be deemed superfluous to add
anything to the matter which has already been
adduced in support of the pending proposition.
The locality from which I come, and the peo-
ple which I lepresent, are the only considerations
which induce me to trespass upon the patience
of the House, already sufficiently taxed. Repre-
senting a constituency governed by laws tolerat-
ing and regulating the institution of African sla-
very, it is scarcely proper that I should permit
the vote to be taken on a measure so important
and so material to their interests, without a brief
presentation of the reasons which induce me to
support it. In doing so I shall not deal with the
humanitarian phase of the question,or argue the
share slavery has had in originating or maintain-
ing the existing rebellion.
The immediate practical effect of this measure
is to abrogate the possibility of slavery in Ken-
tucky and Delaware, and it is in view of the fact
that I have the honor to represent the people of
the latter State, that I feel it incumbent on me
to offer any suggestion in relation to it. Satis-
fied that the measure is constitutional and bene-
ficial, not only to the Republic, but eminently to
my immediate constituency, I cheerfully accord
my vote to the passage of the bill.
In arguing the constitutionality of the question
theie has but one objection been proposed that
strikes me with any degree of plausibility. The
powerofamendrpentis so clearly conferred by the*
Constitution, aad the mode so distinctly pointed
out, as to preclude question or even cavil as to
the authority or the method. Unless the Con-
stitution be itself unconstitutional, there can be
no difficulty m the exercise of the power so far
as this House is concerned in originating this
measure. That instiumcnt has explicitly pio-
vided for its own amendment. This power was
distinctly surrendered by the States and the peo-
ple, save only in the two cases expressly men?
tioned, and except as to them exists without
limitation. So in the ratification by the Legisla-
tures or conventions to which it is to be referred;
the power is expressly delegated to thtee fourths
to bind the whole, and the act of the requisite
number is agreed and declared to be considered
as the act of the whole as fuily as if each had
formally assented and actually adopted the pio-
posed measure. The only question which re-
mains is whether the subject of African slavery
is properly and legally within the purview and
fair intendment of prohibition by constitutional
amendment; and here the objection is raised that
we invade the domain of private rights and de-
stroy the vested interests which individuals have
in a subject of property.
The mistake of those who propose this objec-
tion seems to me to consist in not.•sufficiently dis-
tinguishing between the taking of the thing and
the abolition of the tenure by which it is hold. I
do not entirely agree with those who allege that
slavery is impossible in law or necessarily uncon-
stitutional. It has been too Ion# established, too
clearly recognized, not only by the acquiescence
but by the express sanction of the Constitution
and the icpeated adjudication of the courts, for
me to deny its legality or doubt the validity of
the right. Its origin lost m the remoteness of an-
tiquity, practiced at sometime by evejy nation of
the earth, it vindicates its lawfulness by the uni-
versality of its existence, and cites as the monu-
ment of its title the common consent of mankind.
And the sentiment that " that is property which
the law makes property,"however condemned by
the moralist or reprobated by the humanitarian,
must be respected by the jurist and accepted by
the legislator.
The nature of the right, however, is material
in determining the question presented for solu-
tion, and the quality of the recognition is equally
material in deciding the extent of our constitu-
tional power. How far soever into the past the
beginning of the enslavement of mankind may
have extended, it is unquestionable that it has its
origin in force. It claims no natural sanction for
its existence, nor in us operation is it confined to
any race. The white man equally with the black
has been the subject of its oppressive jurisdiction.
The slave pens of Algiers have confined Chiis-
tian captives until they were haled forth to the auc-
tion block; and our boasted Saxon ancestors wore
around their necks the symbols of bondage. In
this country it has existed from its earliest settle-
ment, and in every colony it found forbearance,
if not active effort for its introduction and main-
tenance. It obtained in Massachusetts as well as
in South Carolina, and that it spread more rapid-
ly and endured more firmly in the latter is due
perhaps quite as much to the quality of the cli-
mate and the adaptation of the soil to the produc-
tions rendering its labor remunerative as to the
superior morality or intelligence of the inhabit-
ants. Though thus universally practiced, its in-
justice was too patent not to be recognized, and
its tendencies too deleterious not to be mourned.
Its existence became soon to be tolerated rather
than encouraged, and at the adoption of the Con-
stitution there is abundant evidence, not only of
the hope but the expectation, that it would soon
cease to prevail. Arid in this connection it ought
not to be forgotten that its introduction into Indi-
ana was denied even by southern slave-owners
against the repeated petition of the inhabitants.
The invention of the cotton-gin gave a fresh im-
petus to Us expansion, and by rendering it more
valuable stimulated its growth. The inventive
genius of New England furnished the induce*
mc-ntj and the cupidity of the master, in estimat-
