1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2U
ing his pecuniary advantages, lost sight of the
wrong.
Mr. Speaker, I am no apologist for slavery, but
I cannot be false to truth by willfully perverting
history. The necessary characteristics of sla-
very are bad enough; it is of itself and in itself
wrong enough; its concomitants and consequences
are injurious enough to deserve universal con-
demnation without attributing to the master qual-
ities which sink him below the level of mankind.
It is not true that wanton cruelty and unmiti-
gated oppression were universally or even ordi-
narily exercised toward the slave. The fact that
from four hundred thousand, at the adoption of
the Constitution, the race has increased to four
million in the space of less than eighty years, is a
sufficient evidence that their treatment has been
generally humane.
In this respect the slave-owners of the South
present a marked and laudable contrast to those
of the West Indies, where a different policy pre-
vailed. In the hitter it was the accepted maxim
that it was cheaper to import than to raise; more
profitable to kill than to maintain. The result
was visible in the cffect. While in those islands
at the time of the emancipation there were fewer
slaves than had been imported, in the States they
have increased to tenfold their original number.
The title by which they are held, and the na-
ture of the property recognized and protected,
form the material subjects for our consideration
in answering or avoiding the objections proposed
to the pending measure. Whatever this right is,
it exists only by the laws of the States in which
the institution obtains. It has no warrant in
nature; it finds no sanction in the enumeration of
thesubjects of property over which dominion was
given to man by the Creator. Whether existing
by force of custom, or by immemorial usage, or
by positive enactment, its origin is human and
not divine. So existing it was confined to the
locality in which the custom obtained, or over
which the law recognizing it was capable of en-
forcement. If the slave escaped beyond this ju-
risdiction, if the master carried him beyond its
confines, the bond which obliged him was loosed,
the tenure by which he was held was dissolved.
The owner could neither retake or detain. That
such was the light in which it was regarded by
the framers of the Constitution is manifest from
the necessity of the clause authorizing the recap-
ture and requiring the surrender. The language
in which it is couched is guardedly framed. In
this provision it is expressly and intentionally
declared that—
"No person held to service or labor in any State under
the laws thereof shall, by escaping into anothei,be deemed
to be discharged." *
The tenure by which such person was held was
declared to be the municipal law of the State—
that and that only was recognized as the founda-
tion of the claim. When such law ceased to ex-
ist, either by the act of the constituted authorities
of the State or by the intervention of a superior
power rendering it null, the right was at an end
by the abrogation of the authority by which alone
it had existence. The property or thing is not
taken, but the law is repealed under and by vir-
tue of which we could set up any claim toaslave.
The operation of the amendment is upon the law,
not upon the subject; its effect is to convert into
a man that which the law declared was a chattel;
but this effect only followed as the result of oust-
ing the jurisdiction which enables the courts to
take cognizance of the claim of the master.
The Constitution specially ordains that—
"This Constitution, and tiie I.tws of the United States
made in pursuance thereof," * * * /. sliail
be the supreme- law of tne land ; and the judges in every
State shall be bound thereby, anything m the Constitution
or laws of any State to the contrary notwithstanding."
Providing in terms for its own amendment, the
same high and overruling sanction pertains to
every provision subsequently ordained in con-
formity with the mode prescribed.
In conferring this power I have said that the
people imposed no limitations except in the par-
ticulars specified, and in adopting the very clause
they refuse to incorporate a provision which from
its connection and language by necessary con-
struction was intended to protect the institution
of slavery from destruction by constitutional
amendment. Nor to this question of power is
it material whether the Constitution is a compact
between States or an organic law emanating from
and founded upon the express sanction of the peo-
ple. In the one case it would inure as a sarren-
der by the States of a right of sovereignty, and
would operate upon them in their political capa-
cities as parties to the agreement; in the other as
a limitation by the people upon their own power
when acting through the agency of State organ-
izations. Nor in the exercise of this power is
there any just pretense of right to compensation.
This claim inures under the special provision of
the Constitution, and then only when private
property is taken for public use. It has no refer-
ence to the action of the people in ordaining a
Constitution, nor are communities restrained by
anysuchlimitations in exercisingsovereignpower
over the personal or proprietary rights of the sub-
ject in settling the principles of government.
Without a provision saving the right there is no
restriction; the mode or extent of its exercise
depends upon the will of the sovereign.
By the arret of France abolishing Slavery in her
colonies, it was done immediately, uncondition-
ally, and without compensation. Great Biitain in
performing an act of similar character recognized
the propriety of payment to the master for the loss
of the service of the slave. In cither case it was a
mere question of expediency, and eadh sover-
eignty regulated the matter according to its own
discretion.
Having no doubt, Mr. Speaker, as to the right
of Congress to initiate this measure, I pass to the
consideration of the question whether in voting
for it I should act in conformity with the senti-
ments of my immediate constituents.
Slavery has obtained intheState ofDelawarc by
force of the general customary law to which it
everywhere owes its existence, and is regulated by
statutory provisions withoutever having received
the sanction or support of constitutional recogni-
tion. Though established by immemorial usage,
maintained by force of habit and education, and
operated as a political machine, it has never been
regaided with affection by the people. Founded
only in custom, it has obtained no place in the
organic law of the Government, and may at any
time be abolished by an ordinary act of legisla-
tion. Nowhere does it exist in so mild a form—
the master subject to so many restraints, or the
slave guarantied such substantial protection. ^
The wise and humane sentiments prevailing
from the earliest period impressed themselves
upon the legislation of the State, and prevented
its growth by prohibiting the introduction or ex-
tradition of a slave cxccpt under specified condi-
tions and stringent regulations.
Regarding him as a person entitled to the pro-
tection of law as well as the subject of property
in a modified sense; it forbade the master to deal
with him as an ordinary article of commerce, by
preventing the exportation for sale, it kept his
value reduced to the price justified by the demands
ofa purely agricultural region, in which his labor
had no peculiar value, and by prohibiting the in-
troduction from abroad it announced its judgment
that such species of population was neither bene-
ficial nor desirable. n
Not only is this sentiment manifested by the
general legislation of the State; but on more than
one occasion the Representatives of the people
have expressed their opinion in unequivocal and
memorable terms.
In the contest which occurrcd as to the admis-
sion of Missouri j a resolution was adopted by the
General Assembly whh entire unanimity in the
House of Representatives and with but two dis-
senting voices in the Senate, declaring that in the
admission of any State into the Union it was not
only the right but the duty of Congress to require,
as an inviolable condition, the fundamental pro-
vision that it should forever thereafter be free from
slavery.
Whatever opinion may be entertained as to
the right to exact this condition thirecan be no
doubt as to the judgment of the State in illation
to its propriety. In 3845 in thc^ discussion which
ensued concerning the acquisition ot Texas, the
Legislature resolved that slavery was a moral,
social, and political evil, and denounced the pro-
ject of annexation as designed for its extension
and perpetuation, and at the following session in
1847, having gone before the people upon the
principle of that resolution and being sustained
by their votes, the General Assembly adopted
the Wilmot proviso.
It is unnecessary to recurto subsequent-events
to account for the apparent decline of Xhe anti-
slavery sentiment iVi Delaware. In the general
abandonment of their manhood by the friends of
liberty throughout the whole country we partici-
pated, and the hand of freedom went back upon
the dial. Again it is moving forward and is fast
upon the hour of noon.
Of all those who voted for me I do not know
one who would not vote for this amendment; and
I am well assured that of those who did not sup-
port me there are hundreds, perhaps thousands,
who will hail with joy the accomplishment of this
great measure ofjustice, tranquillity, and security.
Mr. TOWNSEND. Mr. Speaker, an impar-
tial listener to the discussion here for tBe last few
days might reasonably come to the conclusion
that all those gentlemen who did not favor the pro-
posed amendment of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States were either enemies of the Union or
supporters of the institution of slavery. Sir, on
behalf of the constituents whom 1 have the honor
to represent, and on my own behalf, I deny the
imputation, and I ask the attention of the House
to the reading of a resolution adopted by the
House of Representatives July 22, 1861.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" Resolved, That the present deplorable civil war has
been forced upon the country by the dlsunionists of the
southern States now in revolt agatnpt the constitutional
Government and in nrms around the capital. That in this
national emergency Congress, banishing all feeling of mere
passion or resentment, will recollect only its duty to the
whole country. That this war is not waged upon our part
in any ppiut of oppiession or for any purpose of conquest or
subjugation, or purpose of overthrowing or interfering with
the rights or established institutions of those States, but to^
defend and maintain the supremacy oftho Constitution, and*
to preserve the Union with all the dignity, equality, and
rights of the several States unimpaired, and that as soon as
these objects arc accomplished the war ought to ceasa."
Mr. TOWNSEND. Mr. Speaker, in the in-
terpretation of that resolution, in th$ wise and
truly national spirit it exhibits, are to be found
the views of my constituency. Sir, the able ar-
guments on this question that have been presented
to the House render it assumption on my part
to occupy their attention longer than briefly to
state that my vote will be found recorded against
the amendment on this ground, if no other, that
in a timeofcivilwarthe laws ofsocietylose their
force, and are seldom supplied^by those of hu-
manity; the ardor of contention, the pride of vic-
tory, the memory of past injuries, tne sense of
future dangers, all conspire to render the public
mind incapable of judging calmly, much lcss^ of
changing the organic law of the Constitution
which the greatest minds have pronounced the
greatest monument of human wisdom.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, I will not dis-
cuss the question of political power involved in
this amendment. I will consider only the question
of expediency.
It is not, sir,the hour of peace and prosperity,
but of misfortune, that tests the principles of a
Government and the fortitude of its people. The
gravest question that ever forced itself on any
nation—the gravest because it affects the fortunes
and freedom of uncounted millions—is that which
we are solving. -Will this nation pass through
the fiery ordeal resisting the countless tendencies
to absolutism of power inevitably incident to a
great war, and preserve the form and substance
of its Government unimpaired? I trust in the
God of our fathers that we shall; but if we do,
sir, the virtue and fortitude.of our people will
stand without a parallel in the history of man-
kind. That the public mind should be active in
seeking expedients to avert the impending danger
is but natural. That the several departments of
this Government should seek to usurp power on
the ever-present plea of public necessity conforms
to the experience of other nations. That a great
party, flushed with victory, should seize upon
such a moment to carry out a leading idea of
partisan faith, however much to be deplored, is
but the nature and instinct of party. These are
but natural, and against them our fathers have
arrayed the just divisions of political power, for
experience had shown how public danger and
apparent necessity had ever suggested the usurpa-
tions which changed the foundations of govern-
ment. But it is remarkable, sir, and a painful
consideration, that in the Constitution of our
country, so long the subject of eulogy in all quar-
ters of the globe, should be found the cause of
