218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
our misfortunes, and in its amendment their only
remedy.
Two bills are pending in this House to amend
the Constitution: the one to abolish the institution
of African slavery, the other to authorize the Fed-
eral Government to impose an export duty 011
the products of the United States. The one meas-
ure affects the domestic policy of certain States,
and especially the State of Kentucky; the other
imposes a direct tax on the labor and products of
the States of the Northwest, ever seeking a mar-
ket beyond the limits of our own country. My
colleague, [Mr. Orth,] in his very able advocacy
of the one measure, a few days since, did not in-
form the House or his constituents of his views
of the other. It is true it was not the subject of
debate, but the question was natural, when you
begin to amend the Constitution, where will it
end? To weaken our rebel enemies is the argu-
ment for the one measure; the absolute necessity
of increased taxation is the argument for the other.
Who shall foretell,sir, what other necessities for
amendment will appear? The sanctity of that
venerated instrument once impaired, the harmony
of its provisions destroyed, and who shall tell of
the wreck which party spirit will make of the
title-deed of our freedom?
Gentlemen assume that the Constitution is re-
sponsible for slavery and bewail the error of our
fathers. Sir, this assumption is not true. The
Constitution is in no sense responsible for slavery.
The whole theory of the Government is that the
States alone control their domestic affairs; no
power of local domestic government is delegated
to Congress: " the powers not delegated arc re-
. served to the States or to the people." If in the
judgment of our fathers African slavery had been
inconsistent with a republican form of govern-
ment, it could have been abolished -under the
power to "guaranty to each State a republican
form of government." But Washington signed
the bills to admit Kentucky and Vermont ifito the
Union with their respective domestic policies.
Generations had confirmed this interpretation of
the Constitution. To preserve the comity of the
States persons fleeing from justice or from en-
gagements for service or labor were to be surren-
dered up; this provision neither establishes nor
recognizes slavery. You do not even 111 your
amendment propose its repeal. It would be proper
if slavery never existed; the words do not imply
slavery. As a citizen of a free State, as a Repie-
sentative of a free people, I thank God that the
Constitution of the United States, the object of
our love and veneration, is not responsible for any
form of human servitude. It organizes States
possessed of domestic sovereignty into a sovereign
nation; it charges upon the federal Government
the duty of maintaining the integrity of that na-
tion, to represent it in the family of nations, noth-
ing less, nothing more. In domestic affairs the
States are foreign to each other. 1 am in no sense
responsible fur the domestic policy of Ivcntucky.
You aie not, air. I would resist interference in
her domestic affairs as I would resist even with
arms her interference with the domestic policy of
my own State. Such was the universal doctnne
of our fathers. Such has ever been the doctrine
of the Democratic party of the free States. Yet,
sir, for not interfering you charge the Democratic
party with being pro-slavery. Sir, what is more
unjustand ungenerous and untruthful than party
spirit? The Democratic paity pro-slavery be-
cause they insist on the right of the States to do-
mestic government! Sir, the charge brands with
pro-slavery ism every iilustiious statesman of the
Republic,from Washington and Adams to Web-
ster tihd Clay, and the great army of heroes who
survived the Revolution and bequeathed to you the
legacy of frcegovernment. Instead of a reproach
it is.the highest encomium upon the Democracy
of the free States that they have resisted the rage
of fanaticism in their fidelity to the principles of
these.illustrious men.
It is not to be questioned, sir, that many, I may
say most, of the earlier statesmen, even of the
southern States, were impressed with the belief
that slavery m any form was a crime against hu-
man nature, but States were forming a Govern-
' ment, and the harmony and strength of that Gov-
ernment depended as much on their domestic
sovereignty as on the national soveieignty of the
Federal power, and looking to the lieedomof the
white race,every where else enslaved, they organ-
ized government on that foundation, content that
each State should be responsible to God and hu-
manity for the exercise of its domestic powers,
and three generations, the most fortunate in his-
tory, were faithful to the compact. The Democratic
party of the free States are neither the advocates
nor the apologists for slavery. Democracy and
slavery are natural enemies. Impressed with the
value of free labor, there is not a Democrat in the
North who would not resist the establishment of
slavery in a free State, for what free people, sir,
have ever failed to regard their own institutions
the best? Inopposingthisamendmentthe Demo-
cratic party are not controlled by a desire to pre-
serve African slavery; they oppose it because they
are for the Constitution just as it is, just as our
fathers made it. They oppose itespecially at this
time, when impending danger demands the united
energies of every friend of free government—of
Kentucky, against whom this measure is espe-
cially directed, as well as of every other State of
the Union—wheiever, indeed, a citizen is found
loyal to the Constitution of his country; we need
the united energy of them all. The Constitution
is the common standard around which the friends
of freedom may rally. In the gathering darkness
leave us-at least this pillar of light.
Mr. Speaker, there is one feature of this debate
which must have struck the impartial hearer with
astonishment. I speak with deference. I refer
to the intemperate vagaries indulged in by gen-
tlemen on this question of slavery, greatly to the
dishonor of our country, and manifestly unjust
to its history. Slavery is but an incident to our
Government for which the nation is not responsi-
ble; an unfortunate legacy from the remote ages.
It may be assailed without tarnishing the fame of
the Republic. Yet gentlemen, like the reformers
of France, would invalidate all the cherished
traditions of the past to open up their new era.
Thus ithas become the rage to underrate the value
of our Government. My colleague, [Mr. Ortii,]
usually so conservative, will excuse me for illus-
tiating by reference to his able speech on the pend-
ing question. Looking upon the past, once so
cheerful, my colleague only sees eighty years of
infamy and dihhonor. How miserable have been
our people! Only by a kind dispensation of Prov-
idence could they have been unconscious of their
misery! A dreaiy and desolate retrospect. Not
a ray of light illumines the eighty years of the
past. We shrink from its history. We would
deny our fathers and claim that we are aliens in
the land of our birth. If my colleague is right
how cruelty our people have been deceived in
indulging the belief that they were the happiest
people on the face of the earth 1 Yet still it was
a pleasant delusion, and he ought not to have
torn away the vail and exposed our wretchedness.
According to my colleague whatever Uie last
eighty years has pioduced has been the effect of
sluveiy. To the undistempeied imagination he
is conceding infinitely too much to slavery. I
think it is entitled to no such credit; but to him
slavery is alone lespon^ible for the past, and he
wants a new era, something better than the old.
" It fslavery] laid its hand on our nervous sys-
tem and the nation became palsied." When was
this, sir? Was it in the great Revolution or 111
the second war for independence ? Was it in es-
tablishing a great empire in the Northwest and
prosperous States on the Pacific? Was it in the
war with Mexico, or when Abraham Lincoln
called for seventy-five thousand men to uphold
the Constitution,and then for more and moie and
moie, until the tramp of our gallant armies shook
the continent? When was it, sir, that the mighty
energies of this nation were palsied ? " For eighty
years it has molded the legislation of the coun-
try." What, slavery such a legislator! Ilcgives
slavery too much credit. I deny its claim to any
such honor. Our system of laws has been deemed
the best in the world by our credulous people. In
four years of ample power you have only repealed
two of the many thousands which have been en-
acted, one approved by Washington and the other
by Fillmore. If these laws are the offspring of
slavery, why does not my friend introduce a bill
to wipe out the infamous record? "For eighty
years it has controlled the foreign policy of the
Government." That foreign policy has preserved
an unexampled peace and given us an empire ex-
tending ftom the Gulf to the Pacific. Franklin
and Adams and Jefferson and Clay and Bancroft
were not deemed mean embassadors, and until
now were not deemed minions of the slave power.
But my colleague reaches the climax when he
declares that " for eighty years it has made the
American name a hissing and a byword among
the nations of the earth." And what nation,sir,
has been so prosperous and free that it could afford
to hiss at this ignoble Republic? IsitGreatBrit-
ain, sir, after being twice scourged from our soil,
and twice beaten by our navies upon the occan; a
nation, sir, that holds millions of her own people
in servitude, oppresses Ireland, planted slavery on
these shores, and for a century has held a hundred
million of the people of Asia in hopeless slavery?
Is it France, sir, with the iron heel of a usurping
tyrant on the neck of prostrate millions, and hold-
ing millions more on the soil of Africa, in the seat
of the ancient empire of Carthage, in abject sla-
very ? Is it France that could hiss at Ametica, the
Fiance who, to repleni&h an exhausted treasury,
sold us an empire already cursed with African
slavery? Is it the despot of Russia or of Aus-
tria, or the petty despotism of Portugal or Spain,
or the still pettier despotisms which mar the face
of Euiope, where labor toils on from age to age
without hope, and from the oppression of which
millions have fled to our shores? Are these the
favored nations, sir, that can sneer at our Repub-
lic? Or does my colleague refer to the Ottoman
empire, with its uncounted millions of serfs?
Or upon our own continent, to Biazil, an empite
founded upon African slavery; or to Mexico,
wheie African slavery, it is tiuo, is abolished—
Massachusetts herself could not complain of her
radicalism—but where the flag of the eagle floats
no more, and a people once a republic weakened
by internal feuds trembles at the tread of a petty
scion of a race of tyrants, and these nations ap-
plaud when a republic is blotted out—is it unfor-
tunate Mexico that can hiss at the only Govern-
ment on earth that could have saved her from a
fate more terrible than death ? Is it S wit Zetland,
whose hardy sons come m thousands from her
rocky ramparts, where freedom defies the rage
of tyrants, to a republicanism puier than her
own? Wheie is the nation, sir, on God's gicen
earth, that stands so erectand spotlcssin the light
of freedom that it can hiss at the dazzling bright-
ness of this Republic, unless it be tyrants who,
like reptiles, hiss at the sun that waims the na-
tions into life ? No, sir; with all her impcifections
and her faults, even in the present hour of her
adversity, in all the elements of human happi-
ness, of justice, and liberty, she stands the first
among the nations, not a " byword" to the na-
tions, but the hope of the downtrodden poor,
and a terror to tyrants. No son of America can
afford to defame his own country.
" For eighty years it has commanded the Army
and Navy." What does my colleague mean?
Ilave not the Army and Navy been well com-
manded? Fiom Washington to Giant, have ever
more consummate soldiers commanded armies?
From Paul Jones to Farragut, have ever gienter
captains swept the ocean? Ai my and Navy ! Is
my colleague ashamed of their history ? I blush
at the question. Does my colleague eulogize sla-
very, or does he condemn the Army and Navy ?
But again: " For eighty years it has robbed the
American people of their rights under the Con-
stitution." Who has done this? Slavery, slave-
holders, the southern people represented in the
Federal Government; Jefferson, Madison, Mon-
roe, Jackson, Clay, Crittenden, nay, Washing-
ton himself was one of the robbers; yet in that
period seven powerful free States have grown up
and flourished on soil freely surrendered by a
slave State to freedom. Yet foreighty years we
have been robbed of our constitutional rights, and,
what is worse, by the very men who made the
Constitution; and our cowardly fatheis have sub-
mitted to it, nay, more, my worthy colleague, a
Clay Whig, submitted to it himself for a quarter
of a century, and the elder and the younger Ad-
ams and Fillmore and Webster submitted to it,
and Silas Wright and Cass and Douglas, and all
the great masses of the ever-growing and increas-
ing free States. What vile dishonor if they did
submit; if they did not, why defame their mem-
ory?
It has defiled the judicial ermine and cor-
rupted every department of Government." How
could my colleague live in a country so infamous?
Why lias divine justice spared such a country ?
