084
THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
tnissioners, under the direction of the Commissioner and
within their respective districts, shall take possession of
aU abandoned real estate belonging to disloyal persons, and
all it-ai estate to which the United States nave nth', or of
which the (Jmteri States have possession. and not already
appropriated to Government uses, and ail property found
on and belonging to such estate, and shall rent or lease such
real estate or any portion thereof to freedmen, or permit the
same to be cultivated, used, or occupied by them on such
terms and under such regulations as the assistant commis-
sionerand such freedmen may agree; and if the lauds with
the property atoresaid shall not be required for the freed-
men,then theyshall rentor lease the same to other persons
on such terms and under such icgulations as shall be mu-
tually agieed upon, and no freedman shall be employed on
an\ estate above mentioned otherwise than according to
voluntary contract reduced to writing and certified by the
assistant commissioner or iocal superintendent: Proi'tded,
That no lease, permission to occupy, or contract, shall be
for a longer period than one vear, and all papers required
or authorized by this act shall remain valid and eiiectuai
although no revenue stump is attached thereto. But noth-
ing herein contained shall be construed to prevent the due
execution of process against the real estate or property
above named issued in due course of law fiom any court
ot competent jurisdiction ; but the possession of Mich real
estate or property by any purchaser thereof at a judicial
sale shall be postponed until the termination of any out-
standing contract duly made and executed uudei the pro-
visions of this act.
Sec. 6. Jlndbc if further enacted, That the assistant com-
missioners and local superintendents shall, as advisory
guardians, aid the lieedmen in the adjustment of their
w<tge-, or in the application of their labor; that they shall
take c.ire that the ireedmen do not s«ufFer irom lil-trcatment
or any failure of contract on the part of others ; that they
sliat J do what they can as arbitrators to reconcile and settle
any differences in which freedmen may be involved with
each oilier or with other peiaons ; and, in case such dif-
Jerenees are carried before any tribunal, civil or military,
they shall appear as next friend of the freedmen, so far as
to see that the ea-e is fairly stated and heaid. And in ail
such proceeding5; there shall be no disability or exclusion
on account of color.
Sec. 7. Jlnd he it Jurtker enacted, That leases heretofore
made by the -siipervwii*,' special agents of the Treasury De-
partment, under tiie authority oftho General Ordtr,three
hundred and thirty-one, of the Secietaiv of Wart dated Oc-
tober 9, lfcfi?, and i n accordance u ith the regulation* of the
Treasury Depart in cut, ^hailhave the same effect as if made
hy assistant commissioners under this act; but such ien>.e
shall not continue beyond the peuod of one year from Us
d<ue; and immediately upon the organization of any dis-
tuct of fieedmen and abandoned laud* sue!! ajjonts* shall
cea,*,e to execu*' their functions within such tii-trict, and
shall deliver o „r to the assistant commissioner thereof ail
property and papers held by them as agents. But all ex-
penses necessarily incurred by <uch agents in any district
prior to its organization under this act shall be defrayed
by the Secretary o{ the Treasury out of any moneys m'his
hands arising from the Io.iaes made by such agents.
Sec. 8. J3nd be it further enacted, That the Commis-
sioner shall apply the ptoeeeds accruing under this act to
defray the expenses of this Department, so fiat tne same
may become at an early d i\ =elt supporting; and any pro-
ceeds over and above such expenses shall be paid into the
Treasury of the United States.
f?Ec. 9. JJud beit fui(her enactcd, That whenever the
Commissioner cannot otherwise employ any of the freed-
men who may come under luseare,he^ha!I so far as piac-
tieable make piovision for them with humane and suitable
peison?, at a just compensation for their services.
Sec. MJ. beitjurthcr enacted, Thatthe Pie=identof
the United States is charged with furnishing the military
and other suppoit needful to carry this .act into effect, and
any milftary officer may be appointed under this act with-
out increase of salary.
Sec. 11. Jlad he it further enacted, That the Commis-
sioner shall, before the commencement of each regular
session of Congress, make tull report of his proceedings,
with exhibits of the state of his accounts, to uie President,
who shall communicate the same to Congre&s, and shall
aluo make special lepoits whenever lequired to do so by
the President or either IIoiisP nt Congress. And the assist-
ant commissioners shall make quarterly reports of their pro-
ceedings to the Commissioner, and also such otiier special
report" a.s from tune to time may be required. And it shall
he flic rtutv of all oflKrer*. civil and mihtaiy, charged with
the execution of any jaw, proclamation, or military order
of emancipation, or in any way concerning freedmen not
mustered into or regularly engaged in the nuhtaiy service,
to make lerurn to the Commissioner of all their proceed-
ings in execution thereof, under &ucli regulations as shall
fiom time to tane be prescribed.
Sec. 12. ^htd be it further enacted, That all assistant
commissioners, local superintendents, and clerks, as well
as supervising special agents, shall be so far deemed to be
in the military seivice ot the Uii'tod States as to be liable
to trial by cornts-mnrruii or military commission*?, to be
ordered by the commanding general of the miiifarv depart-
ment within which they act as such assistant commission-
ers, local superinteridentsj eieiks, or supervising special
agents And foi all offense's amounting to a felonj. : for any
act of embezzlement or willful mi&appropnation of public
or private property; for any willful act of oppression of any
freedman, or of any loyal inhabitant; for any act of taking
or receiving, directly or indirectly, any money or thing of
value on account of auv act done or omitted hy them in
their omcial capacity, or for being in any manner interested
in any pureha&e of cotton, tobacco, sugar, or any other ar-
ticle produced upon any lands leased or worked under the
provisions of tins act, or lor any other willful violation of
their official duties, upon conviction thereof shall be sub-
ject to punishment by fine not exceeding $10,000, or im-
prisonment ot hard labor for a period not exceeding five
years, or by both such fine and imprisonment.
S?ec. 13. be it jurthcr cnactcd, Thai the last clause
ot a joint resolution explanatory of " An act to suppress
insurrection, to punish treason and rebellion, to seize and
confiscate the property of rebels, and for other purposes,"
approved July 17, 1S62, be, and the same is hexehy, re-
pealed.
Sec. 14. And he it farther enacted, That all nets and
parts of acts inconsistent with the provisions of this act
are hereby repealed.
THOMAS D. ELIOT,
WILLIAM D. KKLL&Y,
Managers on tkepart of the House.
CHARLES SUMNER,
J. M. HOWARD,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. HALE. I understand that the bill reported
from the committee ofconference cannot be amend-
ed. 1 suppose I am right in that
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The report must be adopted or rejected as an
entirety.
SMr.HALE. As upon this occasion I shall ha*e
to separate in my vote from a great many friends
with whom I have generally sympathized and
have generally voted, 1 fe$l called upon to*state
to the Senate the reasons w'hy I shall vote Against
this bill. It is with great rd|ret that 1 feel obliged
to oppose the bill.
Sir, in common with the oilier mensters of the
Senate, I have taken an oath tfe suppdrt the Con-
stitution of the United States,I construe
that oath, I not only swore to support the Con-
stitution, but all the amendments to it. The
amendments are as much a part of the Constitution
as the original body of the instrument. The fifth
article of the Amendments provides that—
" No person shall be held tonnswer for a capital, or other-
wise mtanious crime, unless on a presentment or indict-
ment of a grand juiy, except in ca es ansingm the land or
naval forces, or m the militia, when 111 actual service in
time of war or public danger."
The twelfth section of the bill is as follows :
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That ali assistant
commissioners, iocal superintendents, and cleiks, as well
as supervising special agents, shall be so far deemed to bo
m the military service ot the United States as to be liable
to tnal by eouits-niaru.il or military commissions, to be
ordered by the commanding general of tiie military depart-
ment within Kliicli they act as such assistant commission-
ers, local superintendents clcrks, or supervising special
agents. And tor all offenses amounting to a felony, fur any
act of cmhezzlenient or willful misappropriation of public
or private property; foi any willful act of oppression of any
freedman, or of any loyal inhabitant; or for any act of taking
or receiving, directly or indirectly, any money or thing of
value 011 account of any act done or omitted by them in
their official capacity, or for being in any manner "interested
in any purchase or cotton, tobacco, sugar, or any other
article produced upon any lands leased or worked under
the provisions of tins act, or icany other willful violation
of their ofiieial duties, upon conviction theieof, shall be
subject to punishment byline not exceeding §10,UU0. or
imprisonment at hard labor for a period not exceeding five
years, or by both such fine and imprisonment.
I take it there will he no dispute that the crimes
thus punished are infamous crimes, and such as
the Constitution says no person shall be held to
answer for unless upon a presentment or indict-
ment of a grand jury, except in cases arising in
the land or naval forces, or in the militia in actual
service in time of war or public danger. Now,
sii, is it pretended that these local superintend-
ents and clerks and supervising special agents
are in the land or naval forces of the United States,
or in the militia in actual service in time of war
or public danger? I apprehend there is no pre-
tense that they are; and the authors of this bill
have endeavored to obviate this difficulty by put-
ting in a provision, not that they shall be in the
land or naval forces of the United States, or in the
militia in time of war or public danger, but that
they " shall be so far deemed to be in the military
service of the United States as to be liable to trial
by courts-martial or military commissions to be
ordered by the commanding general of the mili-
tary department." If it is competent for Con-
gress by an act to declare that one man shall be
so far deemed to be in the military service as to
be liable to trial by court-martial, it is competent
to declare the same of any other individual or any
other class; and if it is competent for Congress to
declare that certain persons shall be deemed to be
in a service that they are confessedly not in, the
provision of the Constitution is not worth any-
thing; it is entirely nugatory,null and void, of no
force or effect whatever. As it presents itself to
my mind, this section of the bill is as clear and
palpable a contradiction and violation of the Con-
stitution as it is possible to have expressed in the
form of language. That provision, if nothing
else, would forever compel me to vote against a
bill containing it. There arc some other provis-
ions of the bill to which I object; some of these
objections I possibly might gel over by some
nieuns or other if it were not for this, but tins ig
insuperable.
There is another provision which I think very
exceptionable. The fifth section provides that
the assistant eommissiioiiers are to take possession
of all abandoned real estate belonging to disloyal
persons, and to rent or lease it, or any portion of
it, to freedmen, or permit the same to be occu-
pied by them, on such terms and under euch
regulations as the assistant commissioners and
the freedmen may agree upon; and it provides
further, "that if the lands, with the property
aforesaid, shall not be required for the freedmen,
then they shall lent or lease the same to other
persons, on such terms and under such regula-
tions ns shall be mutually agreed upon." If 1 am
rightly informed, there are large sections of this
country at this moment where there are loyal
citizens of the United States and their families,
that have been driven from their homes, house-
less, hopeless wanderers, living upon the char-
ity of friends, and I think as well entitled to the
sympathy and protection and the support of this
Federal Government and the friends of the Fed-
eral Government as any other class on earth.
This bill prohibits any one of these individuals
from occupying or having anything to do with
any of these forfeited lands and supporting them-
selves in that way while a single freedman wants
them. You in this way tie up your hands, and
forbid your officers who are appointed under this
law from making the slightest provision for any
suffering white persons, loyal refugees that have
been driven from their homes on account of then-
fidelity and attachment to this Government. You
forbid these officers from giving them leases or
any privilege in any of tile abandoned lands so
long as there is left m the country any colored
person who wants them; and if at any time one
of your officers under this bill may feel inclined
to make some provision for some loyal, suffering
white person, though he may have got the con-
tract nearly consummated by which the outcast
and the refugee is to obtain a place of shelter for
himself, his wife, and his little ones, if a colored
man comes up and says he wants it, your officer's
hands are tied and he cannot move for the benefit
of the white refugee.
I confess that I do not hold to that sort of phi-
lanthropy. I think I go as far as Christianity and
humanity require me to go when, in eases of this
kind, I let the white and the black stand together;
but I am unwilling to have placed by my vote
upon the statutes of this country a provision
which would actually forbid our officers from
extending any relief, even the slightest, to a
white refugee, provided there was a colored per-
son who wanted it. That, to my mind, is a very
serious objection.
Then, Mr. President, there is another objec-
tion, which 1 shall state and then close, for 1 do
not want to occupy the time of the Senate. I
recollect reading the other day—I wish I had the
article before me, but 1 have not; we get so many
newspapers that I cannot keep the run of them;
this was in a pretty orthodox, anti-slavery journal,
which says " Down with the ' 0."'
Mr. SUMNER. The Commonwealth.
Mr. HALE. I belie ve it was the Common-
wealth; pretty sound authority, fori think I saw
an article in that same paper which counseled
the anti-slavery Senators on this floor, who had
any scruples on this subject, that they might he
sale in following the counsel of my distinguished
friend from Massachusetts. [Laughter.] And!
will follow it just as far as 1 can; but when he
asks me to neglect my own kith and km to legis-
late for the exclusive protection and benefit of
colored men he goes a little further than I am
willing to go.
I will say further that from what little acquaint-
ance I have had with the anti-slavery men and
women of the country, (for the women have had
as much to do with this movement as the men,)
with those who have struggled and toiled for so
many years, their action has been based upon the
idea that but for the oppression which was prac-
ticed upon the colored people they would bo com-
petent to take care of themselves, and the argu-
ment was enforced by such suggestions as these:
it was said " the slaves not only take care of them-
selves but take care of their masters; they do all
the work, cultivate the jilanlationa, take care of
