1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
man sending its official agents into the region of
country where he lives, exhibiting the law which
authorizes those agents to assemble and to com-
mand the attendance and the rendezvous of the
freedmen at any place they may designate, and
provides that the freedmen shall labor according
to their mandate at such prices as they may agree
upon. The consequence will be inevitably that
the negro will labor for the white man, will labor
for the lessee in connection and as asecret partner
of the superintendents and of the assistant com-
missioners. The whole scheme will become a
system of corruption, of plunder, offraud and op-
pression upon the freedmen to enrich the white
adventurer who goes into the business of dis-
charging the duties of commissioners and super-
intendents.
Sir, you need not tell me that men will not yield
to such a temptation and fall beneath it. How
many Army officers, how many civilians of high
character have been corruptedutterlybythepower
of king cotton during this war, even at the risk
of exposition and punishment by military tribu-
nals? Here, when the whole operation is under-
taken and put into execution by authority of law,
with a machinery created by law, with power
conferred upon the commissioners and superin-
tendents, and that power to be sustained and to
be made efficacious by authorizing them to invoke
all the military power in the neighborhood to make
their authority efficient, and to cause it to be re-
spected, that the whole system shall become ut-
terly oppressive and corrupt is inevitable.
Sir, 1 know something about thenegro,and the
free negro. My honorable friend from Indiana
does also; and 1 tell the Senate that it is much
better and safer for the free negro that he shall be
left to his own instincts and to his own resources
than that he shall be put under any such guard-
ianship as is created by this bill. He will take
infinitely better care of himself than these organ-
ized guardians by Congress will take care of him.
He will protect much more successfully and effi-
ciently his own interests and he will reap a much
larger amount of the produce of his own labor if
left to his own wits, his own instincts, and his
own knowledge of men, than if put under any
such guardianship as this.
Wow, sir, 1 will say a word upon the twelfth
section, which was read by the Senatorfrom New
Hampshire, [Mr. Hale.] I cannot conceive how
any Senator can vote for this bill in the face of
that objection. I cannot conceive how any Sen-
ator can read the fifth amendment to the Consti-
tution and vote for this bill. That amendment
provides that no person shall be held to answer
■for a capital or otherwise infamous crime unless
on a presentment or indictment of a grand jury,
except in cases arising in the land or naval forces,
or in the militia in actual service in time of war
or public danger. What is an infamous crime?
1 have here legal definitions of that phrase, but
I will not read them. They all establish the
position that the infamy of a crime depends not
upon the punishment, but upon the character of
the act that is made a crime; that wherever a man
does an act that is made criminal by law and that
act is of a base character, wherever it brings
'moral turpitude and degradation upon the man
who commits the act, whatever that act may be,
it is an infamous crime. The provision of the
Constitution is that men who are charged with
an infamous crime, unless they belong to the na-
val or military forces, shall not be held subject to
trial and punishment by court-martial, but that
they shall be tried only upon the presentment or
indictment of a grand jury in civil courts and by
the civil law.
This measure seeks to obviate the conclusive
force of the fifth amendment of the Constitution
by declaring that for purposes of punishment by
courts-martial all assistant commissioners, local
superintendents, and clerks, as well as supervis-
ing special agents, shall be held to be a part of
the military or naval forces of the United States.
Is it competent for Congress to pass such a law?
The Constitution here does not speak of names,
it speaks of things. It does not speak of denom-
inations; it speaks of substances. The language
used is more restricted than the term " service."
It says in plain language that no man shall be
subject to military trial unless he be in the land
or naval forces, or in the militia in the actual ser-
vice of the United States. What does the phrase
" land or naval forces" mean? It means nothing
more nor less than soldiers, men armed and
equipped for war upon land or upon water; and
because Congress chooses to declare that for the
purposes of trial and punishment men who do not
belong to the military or naval forces, men who
are not soldiers, men who are not connected with
the operations of war either upon land or upon
sea shall be considered as a part of the forces for
the purpose of trial simply, it does not make them
so, it does not give them the character of forces,
it does not attach them to the Army or Navy of
the United States. They are no part of a body
of men armed and equipped for war. They arestill
civilians. The term used in the Constitution and
its significance is to be understood and used by
Congress in the sense in which it was understood
by those who introduced it into the Constitution.
The meaning and the effect which the framers of
this amendment to the Constitution and the Le-
gislatures or conventions of the States that adopted
it intended that the term " forces" should have,
is to guide,control,and restrict the action of Con-
gress. Congress cannot legitimately transcend
the meaning and import of the term " forces" in
the sense in which it was used by those who
added this amendment as a part of the Constitu-
tion without a violation of tliat instrument.
Sir, as well might Congress undertake to de-
clare to be a part of the military forces the gentle-
men who wear shad-belly coats, and who call
themselves friends of peace, and who preach peace
upon earth and good will to men, and whose
corner-stone, under George Fox and William
Penn, was never to combat in war, but if they
were stricken upon one cheek to turn the other.
This vast body of men have become fierce advo-
cates for war, have abandoned the principle upon
which their sect was built up, and are now urging
on the dogs of war with vehemence and energy.
Could the Congress of the United States make
an addition to this law, or introduce a passage in
any other law, that these gentlemen, this body of
men, having forgotten their principles and pro-
fessions of peace, now stimulating the nation in
bad passions to blood and to war, should consti-
tute a part of the forces of the United States? It
would be just as competent for Congress to pass
a bill making them a part of the forces of the
United States as to make the class of civilians
named in this bill, though connected in employ-
ment with the Army of the United States, a part
of its forces.
So you might take the strong-minded women
of the North, they who seem to be the issue of
the furies in their madness for blood and devas-
tation and misery and war, and Congress might
as well say that these modern furies should be
considered a part of the military forces of the
United States; and there would be quite as much
logic, truth, and philosophy in declaring them
to be a part of the forces of the United States as
in declaring that these civilians, non-combatants,
men who never boar arms, who are not soldiers,
whose profession is not that of arms, who enter
into no bloody fields, who shed no blood, shall
be so considered.
Sir, there is nosuch absurdity and no such evan-
escence in the principles of the Constitution of
the United States. The principles of this instru-
ment are permanent; they are to be sought in the
sense in which those who framed it understood
its language. It is the duty of Congress and of
the courts to look out and to study this language
from the stand-point and circumstances in which
they who framed and adopted the Constitution
stood at that day, and to give to it precisely the
same interpretation and sense which those framers
intended it should have. When you adopt that
rule of interpretation, the position that Congress
by its legislation can make a non-combatant, a
man bearing no arras, taking no part m battle or
war, except simply to furnish the Army with
some necessary supply, a part of the naval or
military forces of the United States, is supremely
absurd and untrue.
Sir, this great principle lies in the fifth amend-
ment of the Constitulion;it is a part of our Con-
stitution, it is a partof the liberties of the people
of the United States, that no civilian, no man who
does not belong to the troops of the United States
in the Army or the Navy, shall ever be held sub-
ject to be tried and punished by a court-martial.
Our ancestry intended to establish that upon a
rock as one of the corner-stones of out Govern-
ment, one of its principles in its lowest founda-
tion, that no civilian should ever be brought be-
fore a mere military court and tried by officers
holding their commissions at the will of their su-
perior, not by law but by the overthrow of all law
and by the mere arbitrary will of that court orof
the higher officer who supervises its judgment.
Sir, the importance of that principle of constitu-
tional liberty no man can appreciate. Next to the
trial by jury—and it is a necessary adjunct and
aid to that important principle—there is none of
greater and more enduring importance to the peo-
ple of the United States. This bill, delusive in its
form, deceptive in its purpose, seeks to introduce
civilians to the jurisdiction and judgments of
courts-martial, drum-head courts. I say they
have a right to be tried upon the indictment and
presentment of a grand jury, upon a charge ot
crime, the crime already beforehand declared by
law, and to have a speedy and public trial in a court
of justice, the witnesses against them being con-
fronted by them, they entitled to process to com-
pel the attendance of witnesses in their behalf, and
to have the benefit of counsel, and then to be tried
by a jury of their peers. All these guards are bul-
warks of liberty the bill proposes to throw down,
to strike low into the dust, and in lieu of this
charter of liberty guarantied by the Constitution
to every citizen, to make him subject to a court-
martial and to the arbitrary, illimitable, irrational,
corrupt will, if you please, of that court, or of its
supervising superior officer.
If such a proposition as that had been intro-
duced into Congress under the Administration of
Mr. Buchanan there would be no man more ve-
hement and more earnest in his denunciation of
it and its monstrous injustice and tyranny, and
its utter incompatibility with this fundamental
provision of the Constitution, than the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts. That honorable
Senator seems to have a strange hallucination.
He is a man of ability, of learning, and of attain-
ments; but when he has. a favorite measure or
proposition that he wishes to carry, I never met
with a mind that yields more readily all obstacles,
whether considerations ofjustice or of constitu-
tional law, that stand in the way of his success.
He marches over them, t think, with the fury and
strength of a blind Samson; and whatever prom-
ises to him immediate triumph and success, al-
though in its essence,in itsnature,in its relations
to the interests of society, to the liberties and
welfare of the present and the future ages, it is
of infinitely less importance than that which he
would sacrifice to its success, to me it seems, al-
though I may be deceived, that the honorable Sen-
ator is always willing and makes haste to make
the sacrifice.
Sir, I cannot doubt that if the condition and re-
lations of parties were changed, if the Democratic
party was now in power and was wielding the
vast forces of this Government, and was endeav-
oring to enforce upon the Republican party out
of power the identical principles and measures
which the latter has been so swift to impose upon
the whole country, the Black Republican party
would rise as one man, with one heart, and with
indomitable energy, and oppose all this policy and
these measures which they are now seeking to,
fasten upon the country, and which have over-
thrown the liberties and the Constitution of the
country for the time. The only question with
me is whether the overthrow is not permanent
and final; but I hope not.
1 trust, Mr. President, that this measure, which
I think is so wrong in its policy, that will be so
injurious in its effects to the freedmen, and that
containsa vital stab at one of the most important
principles of the Constitution, will now fail, and
fail forever.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. President, it was not
my purpose to say a word upon this measure,
and 1 have taken it for granted that I should con-
cur in the report of the committee, as I am very
much in the habit of following the reports of the
committees unless I have distinct impressions to
the contrary.
A great deal of this debate, it seems to me, has
sprung up on notions which certainly must be
antecedent, I think, to this measure or to any
consideration of this measure. I hear it said
here that we should do nothing with the freed-
man; let him alone; take your feet from off his
