1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
223
country. But if it be made in violation of those
gieut objects, although it may be legally opera-
tive, it has no moral force. The argument would
be, in my mind, that the amendment we now ad-
vocate is in conformity with those objects, while
an amendment to establish slavery would be con-
trary to them.
Mr. PENDLETON. I see that the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Boutwell] appreciates
very well the argument I am now making, and
he has separated himself from my colleague from
the Toledo district, [Mr. Ashley,] and my col-
league who sits behind me, [M r. Cox,] and other
gentlemen who have preceded me in this-debate,
in drawing the distinction as to the character of
the amendments to be made. He repudiates the
doctrine which those gentlemen have asserted,
that the prohibition upon amendments is limited
only to the letter of the Constitution itself.
Mr. ASHLEY. My colleague [Mr. Pendle-
ton] will do me the justice to say that I was care-
ful to make the limitation that no amendment
could be made anti-republican in its chaiacter.
Mr. PENDLETON. 1 will do my colleague no
injusuce. I was repudiating the doctrine of the
right or constitutional power of three fourths of
the States so to amend the Constitution as that
they may carry the institution of slavery into
these northern States. I was seeking to impress
upon gentlemen the argument that there were
other prohibitions than those which were con-
tained in the letter of the Constitution. I declared
my belief, and I repeat it, that it is not within the
power of three fourths of the States to impose
upon the dissenting States such an amendment.
Authority over the status of its own citizens be-
longs to each State. 'It cannot he depiived of it.
Mr. GOOCH. I will ask the gentleman from
Ohio [M r. Pendleton] whether in his opinion
the men who made the Constitution could, at the
time they made it, have prohibited the institution
of slavery within the United States.
Mr. PENDLETON. In my judgment the Con-
stitution of tiie United States would never have
been ratified by nine of the States with such a
piov isnm in it.
Mr. GOOCH. That is not my question. I
ask the gentleman whether in his opinion they
could have prohibited shivery without violating
any of the essentia! and fundamental principles
of the Government.
Mr. PENDLETON. They could have pro-
hibited it, and it would have been binding upon
those States which laufted it, because it was in
the power of each Staie to give up to the Federal
Giivt'i nmentthe d< cision of the status ofiu people;
but the other States cannot chum to make that
decision except by express grant fiom each State.
Mr. GOOCH. I would ask the gentleman a
still further question: whether by the adoption of
the Constitution and the amendments to it the
States have not conferied that power upon the
constitutional majority, orupon that power which
they have authorized to amend the Constitution.
Mr. PENDLETON. I think they have not;
or else I would not have been denying the power
for the last half hour. I have been endeavoring
to show that the limitations in the letter of the
Constitution were not the only limitations upon
the power of amendment. And I have done it for
the puipose of leading gentlemen of this House
to a conclusion I am prepared to take. 1 have
shown that you cannot, under the powet of amend-
ment, contravene the letter and spirit of the Con-
stitution; that you cannot subvert republicanism;
that you eannotdestroy the liberties of theStates;
that you cannot dccidc the status of the citizens
of the States. I would lead them to the conclu-
sion that there is no powe^on the part of the
Federal Government—on the part of three quar-
ters of the States I intended to say—to adopt the
amendment that is now proposed; and that if
you do it, if you attempt to impose that amend-
ment upon the dissenting States by force, it will
be their right to resist you by force, and to call
to their aid all the powers which God and nature
have given them to make that force effective.
Now, sir, 1 do not intend to do my colleague
from the Toledo district [Mr. Ashley] the least
injustice in stating his argument. He felt the force
of the suggestions which I have endeavored to
present. They occurred to a mind accustomed to
anticipate the objections which may be made to
the position which he assumes. Having laid
down, in the broadest possible terms, that the con-
ditions and limitations imposed upon the power
of amendment are only those which are expressly
declared in the Constitution, he follows it up by
a declaration that, "in my judgment, Congress
may propose and three fourths of-the States may
adopt any amendment republican in its character
and consistent with the continued existence of the
nation, save in the two particulars just named."
Why does he impose those two further limita-
tions*? There is no guaiantee in the Constitution
that the Federal Government shall be republican
in form. There is no prohibition of a change of
the Federal Government to a different and anti-
republican form.' The gentleman's own admis-
sion overthrows the foundation upon which his
aigument rests. And 1 would like to know from
the gentleman where there is a prohibition upon
the right of three fourths of the States to dissolve
the Confederation. Lie says that any amendment
must be " consistent with the continued existence
of the nation." I deny it; I say thatthree fourths
of the States can dissolve the Confederation. They
can annul the Constitution. They can dissolve
the Union; but they cannot take away from the
constituent States those powers which were re-
served, not only by the letter, but by the spirit
and the intent and design of the instrument itself.
But tins speech of my colleague contains an-
other remarkable statement, to which I desire to
call hisattention. Following the line of argument
which seems to have been adopted by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Goocn,] in the
question which he put to me just now, my col-
league says:
" AIj. Speukci, f piesuinc no man, not even my col-
league, will deny tli.it when the thirteen colonies or States
n^cmbfrd by their leprebentativcs m Convention to make
the piCbont national Constitution they might have abolished
slaveiy at once. Or, if the theory of the old parties is true,
that a H'puliiic.m Government may aulliouze or peinntthe
enslavement of men, which 1 deny, they could have pro-
vided lot the emancipation of all slaves in twenty ot liftv
years, if they had seen fit; and it the people of nine States
had \ot"'d to ratify such a con-tilution slaveiy couid not,
after the period named, have existed by State law and in
defiance ol the national Constitution, either in one of the
old tliu teen State-, 01 in any one of the States admitted into
the Union since it&adoption."
Does the gentleman mean to say that the rati-
fication of nine States would have prohibited the
institution of slavery in the thirteen States ? Does
the gentleman mean to say that the ratification
of nine States would have made the Constitution
binding upon the thiitecn? If that is the gentle-
man's view, then I ask by what authority such
a ratification would have had such an effect? I
lead m the Constitution itself that " the ratifica-
tion of the conventions of nine States shall be
sufficient for the establishment of this Constitu-
tion between the States so ratifying the same."
Does the gentleman still contend that the provis-
ions of the Constitution ratified by nine States
would have been binding upon the thirteen?
Mr. ASHLEY. I intended, Mr. Speaker, to say
this: That the ratification of the Constitution by
nine States of the old Confederation practically
made them a nation. It is true the clausc of the
Constitution quoted by my colleague declares that
none but the States adopting it would be bound
by it. Yet, practically, if adopted by nine of the
thirteen it made the whole, with all the territory
belonging to them, a nation. Undoubtedly the
frameis of the Constitution believed that if it was
adopted by nine States the practical effect would
be to force the other four to adopt it. I have no
doubtsuch was the understanding of the members
of the convention, and certainly such .was the
practical cfTcct of it.
Mr. PENDLETON. Well, Mr.Speaker, that
is n most extraordinary proposition. It might be
true that, in the course of time, and by the power
of conquest, or by the moral influences which a
Government composed of nine States would have
exerted, the other States would have been per-
suaded to come into the Union, but I deny that
anyone State would have been bound by any
latification except that proceeding from the State
itself. The theory which the gentleman has ex-
plained to us just now, and which, as contained
m his speech as printed in the Globe, I honestly
thought, in my simplicity, to be a misprint—this
theory explains what the gentleman means when
he tells us that the Federal Constitution does not
clothe any of the States with the attributes of
sovereignty. Of course it does not. Nobody ever
pretended that it did.
Mr. STEVENS. Suppose that nine States had
at that time ratified the Constitution, while the
other four did not; would those other four have
been members of the Union?
Mr. PENDLETON. No,'sir.
Mr'. STEVENS. Sol say. Butsuppose that
three fourths of the States now ratify an amend-
ment while the remaining fourth do not, are the
States refusing to ratify still members of the
Union?
Mr. PENDLETON. That will depend upon
the character of the amendment, and whether it
is in pursuance of the authority granted.
Mr. STEVENS. If the amendment should be
adopted by three fourths of the States, while the
other fourth refuse to ratify it, do the non-agree-
ing States go out of the Union or remain in it?
Mr. PENDLETON. If the amendment be
without the scope of the power granted, legally
they remain in the Union, and the other States go
out. [Laughter.]
Nobody pretends that the States are clothed
with the powers of sovereignty by the Federal
Constitution. Nor does that instrument neces-
sarily strip them of the sovereign rights which they
had before the Constitution was made. The States
have sovereign powers to-day except so far as
that Constitution, by their voluntary act of adop-
tion, has taken those powers from them. They
do not derive power from the Federal Govern-
ment. It inheres in them, and I would like to
inquire of my colleague from the Toledo district,
[Mr. Ashley,] if he denies the sovereignty in the
States because they have agreed to suspend, or, if
you please, to delegate certain powers of sover-
eignty which would otherwise belong to them,
upon what basis can he pretend there is sover-
eignty in the Federal Government, which has not
now and never had any authority except that
which is expressly delegated to it by these States
themselves.
But, Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Ashley] is led by his anxiety to pass this
amendment into the declaration of another doc-
trine, which although notentirely novel, is some-
what new upon this floor. He holds to the doc-
trine that ordinances of secession destroy State
governments, but do not affect the relations of the
States, that is, of the territory and the people to
the Federal Government. He holds that an act
of secession is an abdication by the people of their
rights but not a release from their duties; that
it destroys, not the tie which binds them to the
Union*} but their form of Government, leaving them
subject to the jurisdiction of the Federal Govern-
ment and its absolute sovereignty with all the
rights of local government, and he deduces from
this the conclusion that the seceding States have
no voice on this amendment, but arc absolutely
bound by it. That doctrine was promulgated
by a Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner]
nearly three years ago in a series of resolutions
presented to the Senate, and my colleague will
remember that they met wiffi no more indignant
response than from the honorable, able, learned,
antl patriotic gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Thomas] who then had a seat upon the floor of*
this House.
The gentleman from Ohio took the instance of
Florida. Flouda, owned by the Federal Govern-
ment as a Territory, brought up from a condition
of infancy to that maturity, is admitted into the
Union. Shall we claim that Florida may on the
instant, by the passage of an ordi^jjjjaec of seces-
sion, separate herself from this Union and declare
that her Union-loving citizens are traitors if they
adhere to the Union? Dftes the gentleman forget
that he does notstrengthen his argument by citing
theinstanceof aState madeoutof territory which
belonged to the Federal Government? When
Florida became a State she became a State with
all of the poweis and authorities, with all of the
rights, all of the dignities, all the elements of sov-
ereignty which Virginia herself had. Yet the gen-
tleman declares that such a State, admitted into
this compact by the act of the Federal Government
and of the State itself, does not occupy the posi-
tion of the original States, but that it—more than
they—is lemitted by the actof secession to a con-
dition of pupilage, and that its people—more than
others—are obliged to obey the Constitution—in
whose amendmentthey have no vote—which three
fourths of the States, States represented here, may
impose upon them.
