990
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
here now in our midst in a state of utter destitution,
and the honorable member from Massachusetts
is so wedded (and I do not blame him for it) to
the blaek race that he loses sight for the moment
of what is due to the while race. As fur, there-
fore, as the necessity for legislation is concerned,
the passage of the bill which has come from the
House will answer al! the purposes of the mo-
ment, and answer them more effectually, because
more generally.
I rose principally for the purpose of saying that
in my opinion the twelfth section of the bill pro-
posed by the committee of conference is clearly
unconstitutional. So vigilant were our fathers that
they were unwilling to leave the right of trial by
jury, as secured by the common law of England,
to stand upon any provisions to be found in the
original Constitution, and they therefore, by the
fifth article of the amendments to the Constitution
proposed and adopted shortly after the Constitu-
tion itself was ratified, provided that—
" No person shall be held to answer for a capital, or
otherwise infamous crime, unless 011 a presentment or in-
dictment of a eiand jury, except in cases arising in the
land or navai forces, or tn the militia, when in actual ser-
vice in time of war or public danger."
There are then two cases in which a man may
be tried for a capita! offense without an antece-
dent presentment by a grand jury. They are
cases arising in the land and naval forces, either
in time of war or in time of peace, or cases arising
in the militia force of the United States when
called into actual, service of the United States
during war, or during the existence of public dan-
ger. The words, therefore, clearly exclude the
right to punish in any other way than by pre-
vious indictment any man for any one of those
offenses. Now, what do the committee propose!
They were aware of that provision in the Con-
stitution, and they seem to think that they avoid
the protection which it ia intended to give by
providing—
That all assistant quartermasters, local superintend-
ents—
Black or white, if blacks are to be superintend-
ents—
and clerks, as well as supervising agents, shall be 
Notin the military service of the United States.
They are not to be considered as a part of the
land or naval forces of the United States; they
are not to be considered as constituting a part of
the militia of the United States during the rebel-
lion, but shall be— °
so far deemed to be in the military service of the United
States as to be liable to trial by courts-martial or nnhtaiy
commissions. J
Why, Mr. President, if we can do that, what
is to prevent Congress from providing that every
member of the next Congress and every officer
holding any civil trust under the Government of
the United States, executive, legislative, or judi-
cial, " shall be so far deemed to be in the military
service of the United States as to be liable to trial
by courts-mat tial or military commissions,"and
deprived of the protection which the provision
of the Constitution to which I have adverted was
intended to cast around every citizen? It is ob-
vious to my mind that if it can be done in the
case m which it is proposed to do it, it can be
done in every case. Why the Army and the
Navy are to be excluded from the privileges of
the protection secured by the amendment to the
Constitution is obvious; why the militia when in
the actual service of the United States durin"- a
time of war are not entitled to the protection is
equally obvious; but it is just as obvious by the
existence of the exception of these cases that in
every case not falling within the exception the
protection wnich the people when they adopted
that clause designed to secure applies.
What would the honorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts say if we were to pass a law sayin°"
that the honoiabie member from Massachusetts'
the friend of the freedmen, is to be considered as
far as relates to the right of trying him for a cap-
ital offense or a misdemeanor, as in the military
service of the United States? fie would at once
say that such a provision as that would be wholly
unconstitutional; and what difference does it make
who is the party who is taken out of the consti-
tutional provision by a law which says that he is
to be deemed, for the purpose of the mode of
(rial, to hp without the constitutional provision?
If you can do it in this instance you can do it in
all cases, and the amendment of the Constitution
is a dead letter whenever Congress thinks proper
by legislation to declare it a dead letter.
Willing as I am to provide for this poor class,
I am not willing to make a provision for them
which stnkesat a constitutional inhibition of that
description; and even if I could yield my convic-
tions of constitutional duty to considerations of
policy, I should not be able to yield it in this in-
stance, because as far as there is any policy in
the matter it may be provided for effectually by
the bill which is now upon your table, and only
awaiting the sanction of this body to become a
law.
Mr. HARLAN, I was in favor of the Senate
bill 011 this subject that was referred to the com-
mittee of conference, and am in favor of some
legislation. The question has been suggested in
the Senate from different quarters, whether Sena-
tors were not compelled to vote for the report of
the committee, or have no new legislation on this
subject. I do not think that we have arrived at that
stage in the consideration of this bill which will
justify such a conclusion. It has been no uncom-
mon thing heretofore to reject a report of a com-
mittee of conference, insiston the amendments of
the Senate,and ask for a new committee. There
are certainly some defects in this bill that could
very easily be remedied by that committee if they
were reconvened, if we had approached within
a few houis or a few days of the teiinitiation of
the session of Congress, it would influence my
judgment very materially on this practical ques-
tion; but we yet have anumber of legislative days.
There is ample time to resubmit the amendments
of the Senate and this whole question to a com-
mittee of conference; or, if this were deemed un-
advisable the Senate might proceed now and act,
as the House has acted, denovo; or the Senate
might take up the House bill which is now on the
desks of Senators and so amend that bill as to in-
corporate all the valuable provisions in this new
bill reported by the committee of conference, and j
reject the provisions which are evidently defective, j
Believing, therefore, that the whole subject is still j
under the control of the Senate, and that there is
ample lime to mature a bill for which a majority
of the Senate can vote without hesitation, 1 shall
vote against the report of the commntee of confer-
ence with a view of insisting on the Senate amend-
ment to the House bill and asking fora new com- ;
mittee of conference. I
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is !
on concurring in the report of the committee of
conference, and upon that question the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. HENDRICKS (when his name was
called) said: I desire to state that the Senator
from Kansas [Mr. Lane] has been called away
from the Senate, and I agreed to pair o|f with
him, he being in favor of the proposition and I
against it.
Mr. NYE (when h is name was called) said:
I have paired off on this question with the Sena-
tor from Delaware, [Mr. Saclsburt,] who was
obliged to leave, he being opposed to this report
and 1 in favor of it.
The result was announced—yeas 14, nay3 24;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Chandler, Foot, How-
ard, Morgan, Morrill, Pomerov, Ilanisey, Spra ue, Stew-
art, Sunnier, tt'aile, and Wilson-—14.
! NATS—Mcesr«. Uuckalew, Carliie, Cowan, Davis, Dix-
; on, Dooimte, Grimes Hale, Harlan, Harris, Henderson.
! Howe, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, McDou<m1I, Nesmilh
j Powell, Ilichardson, Kiddle, Ten Eyck, Tiuiubull Van
I Winkle. VVilley, and VVrialit-24
I AlidEN'T—Messrs. Clark, Collamer, Conness. Farwell
Foster, Haiding, Hendricks, Lane of Kansas, Nye, Sauls-
bury, Sherman, and Wilkinson—12.
So the report of the conference committee was
non-concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is still
before the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate fur-
ther insist on Us amendment disagreed to by the
House of Representatives, and ask for another
committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. In what manner
shall the committee of conference be appointed >
Mr. FOOT. By the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be taken
as the sense of the Senate, if there be 110 objec-
tion, anil the Chair will appoint Mr. Wilson
Mr. Harlan, and Mr. Willev, the committee
of conference on the part of the Senate.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. MpPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the Speaker of the House had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills and joint resolution; and they
were signed by the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 424) to facilitate the collection
of certain debts due the United Stales;
A bill (H. R. No. 2"22) to extinguish the In-
dian title to lands in the Territory of Utah suit-
able for agricultural and mineral purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 624) to provide for the pay-
ment of the value of certain lands mid improve-
ments of private citizens appropriated by the
United States for Indian reservations in the Ter-
ritory of Washington;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 45) to enable
the Secretary of the Treasury to obtain the title
to certain property in Carson City and State of
Nevada for the purposes of a branch mint lo-
cated in said place;
A bill (S. No. 368) to incorporate the Sisters
of Mercy in the District of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 240) for the relief of George A.
Schreiner;
A bill (S. No. 376) to amend an act entitled
"An act to amend an act to incorporate the in-
habitants of the city of Washington, passed May
J5, 1820," approved May 5, 1864; and
A bill (S. No. 241) to amend an act entitled
" An act to incorporate the Columbian Institu-
tion for the instruction of the deaf and dumb and
the blind," approved February 16, 1857.
HOUSE BILLS HEFEP.RED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred as indicated below:
A bill (H. R No. 756) supplementary to the
several acts relating to pensions—to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
A bill (H. R. No. 774) to establish certain post
roads—to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
A bill (H. R. No. 776) concerning the Potomac
blidge and Center market—to the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
ENROLLMENT IN LOUISIANA.
Mr. SPRAGUE submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolve/!, That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby,
directed to communicate to the yeiuite copies of all in-
structions and oiders issued relating to the enrollment of
citizens of Louisiana.
COMMERCE AMONG THE STATES.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the Sen-
ate postpone all prior orders and proceed to the
consideration of House bill No. 307, to regulate
commerce among the several Suut-s.
Mr TRUMBULL. I hope that will not be
done,and before the vote is taken 1 desire to say
to the Senate that it is necessary that we should
take some action in regard to the State of Lou-
isiana. There are two gentlemen here claiming
seats from that State, and it is a privileged ques-
tion before the Senate that ought to bo deternunedi
The Committee ori the Judiciary have made a re-
port on the subject which has been printed, and
there is a joint resolution accompanying it. I
think it due to the gentlemen who are claiming
seats here arid due to us that that question should
be settled. If it be not a question of privilege, I
shall insist upon a division of the Senate on the
motion of the Senator from Michigan. I do not
know but it will come up as a qu  stion of privi-
lege at any rate. 1 he lesoiuti'in reported by the
committee does not go to the immediate admis-
sion of the Senators, although it isa report made
on their credentials. The lesolution which the
committee report is that the existing State organ-
ization in Louisiana he recognized as the legiti-
mate Slate oiganizatiou of Louisiana. When that
is done the Smaioisaa a matter of couise would
m entiti. d to their s^ats. If it is a privileged
question, i insist upon it; and if not, i shall ask
for a division of the Senate upon the motion of
the Senator from Michigan.
^ Air. COLLAM &R. Permit me to ask the gen-
tleman whether (hat resolution a joint one.
