*
224
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
Mr. YEAMAN. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. PENDLETON. I will yield if I have
time. How much time have I?
The SPEAKER; Fifteen minutes.
Mr. PENDLETON. I will yield to the gen-
tleman for a moment. He will see the necessity
for beins; brief.
Mr. YEAMAN. If the Constitution as an
original compact of government was binding only
upcii those who did ratify it, then I ask whether
by ratification they did not give the amending
power to three fourths of the States.
Mr. PENDLETON. I have been endeavoring
foril-rec quarters of an hour to answer that ques-
tion.
Mr.' YEAMAN. What number of States can
amend the Constitution?
Mr. PENDLETON. In some particulars,
where the power is granted, three fourths of the
States'"can. In other particulars it cannot be done
except by the consent of all of the States bound
by it.
Mr. YEAMAN. That brings me to the ques-
tion I wish to ask the gentleman, and that is this:
what is there in this particular amendment which
makes it an exception to the general rule, and
takes it out of the operation of the amending
power?
Mr. PENDLETON. That; question I have
fully answered on another occasion in this House.
It does not lie within the scope of my argument
now. The doctrine of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr.AsiiLEY,] to which I have just ieferred,is as
large in its operation, though 1 think hardly as
logical or conclusive, as the position taken by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.]
That gentleman is famous more for a sledge-ham-
mer power of logic than for its scholastic accu-
racy.
He says that we are in a condition of war, and
that war absolves all compacts. It deprives the
citizens of seceding States of their rights under
the Federal Government, and absolves the Federal
Government and the people of the adhering States
from the obligations imposed by the Constitution;
and, therefore, he told us, and with an emphasis
we could all understand, that no State should be re-
admitted into the Union unless it came back carved
by the Federal Government out of territory con-
quered by the sword.
Now, I would ask the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] to be careful how he as-
serts that doctrine too far. He would g<iupoti
the maxim that what is broken in one thing is
broken in all. " i-'racla in xmo fracta in omni-
bus." Let him be careful lest he may find that it
will dissolve the tie which binds these northern
States one to the other, and they be remitted to
theiroriginal position of independence. Let him
be careful, lest when the passions of these times
bo passed away, and the historian shall go back
to discover where was the original infraction of
the Constitution, he may find that sin lies at the
door of others than the people now in arms.
Mr. JENCK.ES. May 1 interrupt the gentle-
man to ask him a question?
Mr. PENDLETON. Certainly, if the gentle-
man will not consume too much of my limited
time.
Mr. JENCICES. I understand the gentleman
from Ohio to say that when the history of this
time should bo written that the sins of and the
cause of this: rebellion might be laid to the doors
of others thafrthose who are now in arms against
the Republic. I ask him in the presence of this
House and of the American people, at whose
door that sin shall be laid, wherein that sin con-
sists, and by whom it was committed ? Let the
gentleman place it on thc.records of the history
of this country.
Mr. PENDLETON. I am not surprised that
the gentleman is touched by what I have said
upon this subject. It might be he misunderstood
somewhat the exact force of the words I used.
But there have been in the neighborhood of the
gentleman, the'ie have been within his own State
or near it, there have been in the northern States,
within the free States, attempts constantly to
infract this Constitution; and that I believe, as I
believe I stand here to-day.
Mr. JENCICES. Name the men.
Mr. PENDLETON. I could do so, but I did
not say that the sin of this rebellion might be laid
at the door of other people; I said to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevems,] and if
the gentleman from Rhode Island stands beside
him he too may regard it—I said to him, let him
beware how he pushed the doctrine that a compact
broken in one part is broken in all, lest it might
be found that in the p? st the compact of confed-
eration has been broken elsewhere tha,n in the
South.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
yield to me for a moment ? ,
Mr. PENDLETON. I must decline for the
present. I should have concluded what I had to
say but for these interruptions.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Just one moment.
Mr. PENDLETON. Well, I will yield to the
gentleman.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I find in the Congres-
sional Globe of 1800—61 a proposition, made, I
think, from the committee of thirty-three to amend
the Constitution by interposing this article:
"No amendment shall be made to the Constitution which
will authorize or give to Congress the pmver to abolish or
interfere, within any State, with the domestic im.tltlltions
thereof, including tliatot persons licld to labor or service by
the laws of said State."
On looking over the yeas and nays upon that
amendment I find that the gentleman from Ohio
voted for the amendment.
I wish to inquire of him, if in the winter of
18C0 and 1861 it was necessary to amend the Con-
stitution by putting into it an article thereafter
prohibiting such an amendment of the Constitu-
tion as would interfere with slavery, why it is that
we cannot now adopt an amendment prohibiting
slavery?
Mr. PENDLETON. The gentleman ought to
know too well the history of that period in which
he was an actor to ask me that question, lie was,
as I, a member of this House at that time, and
he knows that charges were made upon the Re-
publican party that they designed to do what
their history has shown that they have done, to
interfere with the institution of slavery in the
States, and that proposition of amendment was
offered, I think, by a gentleman from Massachu-
setts (Mr. Adams) to test the good faith of the Re-
publican party.
Several Members. Oh, no; youare mistaken.
Mr. PENDLETON. Was it not offered by
Mr. Adams? Well, it was offered at all events
to test the good faith of the Republican party.
[Hero the hammer fell, the hour having ex-
pired.]
Mr. ASHLEY. I move that the gentleman
have leave to proceed.
Mr. PENDLETON. I desire but five minutes
more.
By unanimous consent the leave was granted.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
yield to me for a moment? [Cries of "Oh no."]
Mr. PENDLETON. Well, not if it is to press
the point, which I have already answered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not think the
gentleman from Ohio has answered the point.
Mr. PENDLETON. Sir, I will hear the gen-
tleman.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understand that at
that time the power to amend the Constitution so
as to interfere with slavery was not denied. I find
that the vote of the gentleman from Ohio for this
amendment of the Constitution which should pro-
hibit and prevent further amend men tofit alio wing
us to legislate upon the subject of slavery in the
States was an admission by him of the power of
Congress and of the people to so amend the Con-
stitution. if it was not, why did he vote for the
amendment >
Mr. PENDLETON. As I said before, the
gentleman ought to know, if ho does not know,
that the power of amendment in this particular
was not then admitted by anybody who agreed
with me. Some gentlemen claimed it; quite a
large body of men claimed it; but I will venture
to say that he will not find in the debates that
preceded the vote on that amendment the admis-
sion of any member who sat upon this side of
the Chamber or of a dozen men who sat upon
that side of the Chamber, that the power resided
in three fourths of the States to make this amend-
ment. They denied that the prohibition was ne-
cessary; but, admitting that there was no power,
they did agree, inasmuch as it was not expressly
stated in the Constitution, to vote for that amend-
ment in order that in all future time it might be
the subject of no question whatever.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Nobody at that time,
I think, denied the power of Congress and the
people to amend the Constitution in this regard.
Mr. PENDLETON. Upon that pointwe dif-
fer entirely. The gentleman sat here and so did
I. We had our own views of public policy, as
we have no'w. It may be that we understood dif-
ferently the positions which vaiious gentlemen
and parties occupied at that time.
Mr. COX. 1 will simply say in answer to what
has fallen from my colleague, that at the time
those resolutions were pending this question ol
power was discussed, and for one, I held then as
1 hold to-day, that we had the power under this
amendatory clause to reach slavery pro or con,
and the only question is whether we shall use that
power as then for the benefit of the country or
abuse it as now it is sought to be abused.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman is cor-
rect in regard to that, and, as I said before, no-
body denied the power. The slaveholders upon
the floor of Congress at that time themselves ad-
mitted the power, and were constantly charging
that we intended toexercise that power. For the
purpose of quieting their fears in that regaid, the
committee of thirty-three was raised, who re-
ported this article, and it was passed through the
House by the requisite two-thirds vote. It was
done for the purpose of quieting the fears of the
slaveholders who were then threatening to dis-
solve the Union because they charged us with the
intention of interfering with slavery by an amend-
ment of the Constitution, which they all admitted
we had the power to do.
Mr. PENDLETOIJ, I dissent entirely from
the proposition of my colleague, as well as from
that of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farns-
wortii.] The gentleman and I differ about it.
We cannot settle it. I say, and I am prepared
to show by the debates that took place at that
time, that the same claim was made then which
I make to-day. It was because it was believed
that that opinion was not assented to by the
extreme gentlemen who had just then come into
the administration of the Government, that it was
deemed necessary by themselves to put forth this
declaration confirmatory of the absence of power
on the part of three fourths of the States.
But my colleague from Ohio, [Mr. Ashley,]
and the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ste-
vens,] and the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr.
Morrill,] differing on many particulars, agiee
in this, that the power of their logic is such that
nohonestman can dissent from their conclusions,
and that those who do not intend to vote with
them for this amendment are actuated either by
sympathy with slavery or by sympathy with the
rebellion. Sir, 1 repel with indignation the insin-
uation; I repel it with that honest warmth which
is consistent with the personal respect which those
gentlemen know I feel personally for them. I
say it is unworthy of them; that it is unworthy
their high character, unworthy of their position
in this House. It is the art of the demagogue
to ascribe unworthy motives to an act which may
in itself be honest.
This Constitution demands the highest admira-
tion of my intellect. It has received the profound
homage of my heart. The oath which I have
taken commands me to perform that duty which
my intellect and my heart impose upon me; and I
intend, through evil and thiough good leport,
through whatever storm of popular disfavor, to
stand by it, as I understand it, even to the end.
I love my whole country,South as wellay North;
and it is because I love it that no act of mine shall
rctord'thc restoiation of peace or the reconstruc-
tion of that Union #hich made itall my country.
I am a northern man; I have* their prejudices; I
1 love my section; I love its people; I love its in -
! stitutions; I am jealous of its honor; and no act
; of mine shall stain the luster of the fame of its
i good faith. I am a citizen of Ohio. It was the home
! of my fathers, as it is the home of my children;
and I will stand by this Constitution because I
wish to preserve forever the rights and dignities^
of my State, and maintain forever the liberties of
!' its citizens.
'I I am not influenced, therefore, by any peculiar
love for the people of the South; by any peculiar
!( regard for their institutions. I stand unmoved
I; by the considerations which have been addressed
