THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OJF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY F. & J. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
New Series No. 15.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, JANUARY 13, 1865.
to us. It is nothing to me that gentlemen from
slaveholding States approve this amendment; it
is nothing to me that the tide of the popular sen-
timent runs in favor of it; it is nothing to me that
we of the northern States who believe as 1 do
stand alone, if alone we must stand. I intend to
do my duty as I understand it, and I am pre-
pared for the consequences be they what they
may.
Bat, Mr. Speaker, if I were influenced by the
motives which gentlemen on the other side attrib-
ute to me, it would be easy for me to full into the
current of public opinion which is carryingthem
so rapidly away. It is because I am not that I occu-
py the position I do to-day. The time is fast pass-
ing away when under the influence of your policy
and ycfcir legislation the southern States or people
will have the least interest in your laws. Your
legislation has turned to ashes the golden fruits
of your military success. Your policy has veri-
fied the alleged causes of secession. Gentlemen
must not be misled by the syren voices that come
up to them from captured cities of the South.
They woo you but to ruin. If you misunder-
stand them they will lead you as willing victims
upon quicksands and rocks.
if you drive the southern people by your mil-
itary power to the last extremity, and superadd,
as the majority of this House desire, emancipa-
tion of slaves, confiscation of property, destruc-
tion of local governments, destruction of State
constitutions, division of territory—if that be your
policy, they will liberate their slaves, they will
arm their negroes, they will break down the only
barrier that separates them from the sympathies
of all Europe, and, aided by the moral force, if
not the material power of Europe, they will es-
tablish their independence, and your Union Pres-
ident will sign the treaty of dissolution. And
then, in exchange for free Maryland with her
slaves enfranchised and her white citizens en-
slaved; in exchange for free Missouri with her
slaves enfranchised and her white citizens deci-
mated by the vengeance of the guerrillas, we will
have given up this Union with all its benefits, and
have subverted a form of government the fairest
and freest, the most bountiful in blessings in the
past and the most hopeful of blessings in the fu-
ture, that God in His mercy ever vouchsafed to
man.
Mr. JENCKES, Mr. Speaker, I am not sorry
to have heard, in this House of Representatives
of the American people, as a finality, as I believe,
of the controversy which has divided and dis-
tracted our land, the proposition stated by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Pendleton.] He
has improved upon the school of his master. lie
looked upon a dissevered and divided Union, a
compact of States. We have now a phrase by
which this nation is designated by one who ex-
pected to have been one of its chief executive
officers as " a- compact of confederation." For
the first time, I believe, in the history of this
country has that phrase been used with reference
to this form of government. And I am astonished
that he, a citizen of Ohio, a State sovereign and
independent, as I understood him to say, should
have used a phrase like that in defining his po-
sition when departing from the councils of the
nation. Well is it for the nation that those of
that school should not be retained in its councils.
If we ate not a nation, what are we ? " A com-
pactof confederation?" I doubt, if the gentleman
had weighed the meaning of those words, whether
he would have used that phrase.
But let me make the point upon him which I did
in the question that I put. I ask him, and askall
who may follow him on the same side, to answer
my question. I do not agree with what he says \
in reference to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr.Stevens,] "broken in one thing,broken in
all," referring to the Constitution. I airaign
before the American people the gentleman from
Ohio and all who are of his school of politics, and
I ask him or them to frame an indictment against
u man, a State, or a party in this whole country
that has committed, I will not say a fracture of
15
the Constitution, because that would be a matter
of fact, but that has done anything to break the
Constitution. Let us hear what it is, here and
now. While we are attempting to amend the
Constitution let them place it upon record. Time
and time again we have asked them for it. Now
we have that accusation from the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Pendleton.] Let him put it upon
record in such phrase as he chooses. He knows
well how to do it; no one better. Let him answer
it now, or let him and all who are with him stand
mute.
But the question now before the House seems
to be simply this: can we amend the Constitu-
tion in the way in which the Constitution itself
says it may be amended ? Whatever it may be
callcd, written compact between the State®, a dec-
laration of the rights of the people, a convenient
expreSvSiot) of what the people meant to be their
rights forever thereafter; describe it in whatever
phrase you please, can any one say that it can-
not be amended in the precise way in which those
who framed it intended it should be amended?
What answer have we to that? Why, sir, the
answer of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox]
is that that power is to be used but not abused.
Abused! abused! to amend the Constitution in
this manner? 1 say to that gentleman, and all
who are with him, not only before this House and
this country, but before the world, that it is a
misuse of language in this age of the world to
charge us with abuse of power when we place
ourselves in the direct line of the eternal forces
acting out God's justice upon this earth.
Again, 1 say to gentlemen—and when I say it
I simply mean to raise the points that they may
be answered,and that the answers may be placed
upon record if any one chooses to give them—
why, as a matter of expediency, should this not
be done? I heard the venerable gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Clay] say, the other day, with
lamentations, almost with tears, that the result of
this thing was to use those enfranchised people as
a political power in the States. Has not slavery
been an element of power ever since it had a
iccognizcd existence in this country, ever since
it was first toleiated by this Government? And
shull it be objcctcd to by the friends of freedom
that the freedmen, the enfranchised men, will be
an element of power in a republican Government?
Strange language is that, it seems to me.
But in this contest slavery commenced the
fight; it chose its own battle-field; it has fought
its battle, and it is dead. In the course of our
victorious march that battle-field lias come into
our possession, and the corpse of our dead enemy
is upon it. Let us bury it quickly, and with as
little ceremony as possible, that the foul odor of
its rotting carcass may no longer offend us and
the world.
Mr. SMITH obtained the floor, and then, (at
twenty minutes past four o'clock, p. m.,) on
motion of Mr. WASHI3URNE, of Illinois, the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 12, 18G5.
Prayer by Rev. B. H. Nadal, D.D., of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a message from the President of the United
States communicating, in answer to a resolution
of the Senate of the 15th ultimo requesting infor-
mation concerning an arrangement limiting the
naval armament on the lakes, a report from the
Secretary of State on the subject.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER., the message and
accompanying papers were referred to the Com-
mittee on "Foreign'Relations, and ordered to be
printed.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 657) to amend the third
section of an act entitled "An act making appro-
priations for sundry civil expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending the 30th day of June,
1865, and for other purposes,"so far as the same
relates to witnesses in the courts of the United
States, was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
PRINTING OF A BILL.
Mr. COLLAMER, There was a bill (S. No.
390) introduced by me yesterday relating to the
postal laws which I desire to have printed. It iss
somewhat lengthy, and the committee need it
printed for the purpose of understanding it. I
therefore move that it be printed with the letter
of the Postmaster General accompanying it.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of Jane
G. Swisshelm, praying that provision may be
made for the employment of women as corre-
sponding, reading, briefing, and copying clerks
in the 0epartments; *which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
He also presented the petition of jsitizens of
Philadelphia, officers of the Loyal League of that
city, praying for a modification of the existing
laws m lelation to the raising of troops by means
of local bounties; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. FARWELL presented a memorial of the
Board of Trade of Portland, Maine, praying for an
appropriation to place steam whistles upon Cape
Elizabeth, Matinicus Rock,and Q,uoday Head,
for the better security and protection to the nav-
igation upon the coast of that State; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HENDRICKS presented the memorial of
Dennis Nolan, representing that he occupies a .
strip of land, not susceptible of cultivation, be-
tween the inclosure of the light-house and the
shore of Lake Michigan, at Michigan City, and
proposing to buy or lease it from the Govern-
ment; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. FOOT, it was
Oidcrcd, That the petitioners have leave to withdraw
the papers in the case of Nott &. Co.
On motion of Mr. DIXON, it was
Ordered, That Henry Kellogg have leave to withdraw his
papers in idatiou to his claim for indemnification for losses
Mi&tained in ptoparmg to make and making bricks for the
Washington aqucduet.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 388) further to provide for the verification of
invoices, reported it without amendment.
BRIDGE ACROSS THE OHIO RIVER.
Mr. POWELL. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred the petition of
James Outline, president of the Louisville and
Nashvillle Iluihoad Company, and D. Ricketts,
president of the Jeffersonville railroad, praying
that the act of Congress entitled "An act author-
izing railroad bridges acros.s the Ohio river"
may be so amended in the fourth section thereof
as to permit them to consruct a r/iilroad bridge
at the head of the falls of the-Ohio fifty-four or
fifty-six feet above low-water mark without the
required span of three hundred feet, and that it
be made a postal route for the United States mail,
have instructed me to report it back to the Senate
and ask to be discharged from its further con-
sideration. The committee think it is a matter
that properly belongs to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads. I therefore move that
the Committee on the Judiciary be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on PostOffices and Post
Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POWELL. I now ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to introduce a bill, without
previous notice, in relation to the subject of that
petition.
