1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
991
Mr.TRUMBULL. Yes,sir, for both Houses.
• Mr. HOWARD. I shall not undertake to ad-
vance any opinion as to whether this is a privi-
leged question or not. I rise merely to say that
the report to which the honorable Senator from
Illinois has alluded was placed upon our tables
in print only yesterday, and 1 have not yet had
time to read the report. It is a question of great
magnitude and great interest to the country, and
1 hope that we shall not be precipitated into a
consideration of it unnecessarily. I want a little
more time to examine the facts of the case. I am
not yet prepared. My mind is not made up what
course to take in reference to it, for the very
reason that I am not in possession of the facts
which I deem necessary to a full understanding
of the question before the Senate. I hope, there-
fore, that this matter will not be taken up now,
whether it be privileged or otherwise.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 desire to say, in reply
to the statement of the Senator from Michigan
that he is not yet prepared to go on with this
question as to the recognition of the State gov-
ernment in Louisiana, that others are prepared
to go on with it. We can commence the con-
sideration of it, and perhaps he will get such in-
formation as he desires from others who are pre-
pared to discuss it. I understand there are Sena-
tors prepared to express their views upon the
subject now. I trust we may commence its con-
sideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on postponing all prior orders.
Mr. SUMNER. As I understand it, the ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Michi-
^The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the motion
row pending. In the opinion of the Chair, the
other subject to which the Senator alludes is not
a question of privilege.
Mr. SUMNER. The bill which the Senator
from Michigan proposes to take up has already
been discussed several days in this body. Now
I understand the Senator from Illinois proposes
to take up another measure which has never yet
been approached in this body, and to thrust it in
the pathway of debate. Sir, Idonot think it good
economy of the time of the Senate for us to pro-
ceed in that fashion. The Senator from Michigan
is right in pressing to a vote a measure which has
already been commenced, on which speeches have
been already made, and on which the Senate has
not yet reached its final conclusion. I think,
therefore, the Senate should adopt the proposition
of the Senator from Michigan, and let the other
matter be postponed until we have reached a con-
clusion on the first question.
Mr. HALE. I think if there is a single ques-
tion that ought to demand the attention of the
Senate, and demand it immediately and until it is
finally closed, it is the question that is referred to
by the honorable Senator from Illinois, the chair-
man of the Committee on the Judiciary. I think
if there is a question that looks to the perpetuity
and existence of the Government, the reconstruc-
tion of the Union, and the salvation of the coun-
try, it is the question that relates to the reorgan-
ization and reconstruction of civil governments
foP these States, preparatory to their admission
into the Union. It is the principal point upon
which the whole controversy and gist of this re-
bellion depends; and I want to know how wecan
justify ourselves to the country by postponing
that vital question, in these last days of the ses-
sion, to enter into the consideration of a question
which, whatever may be its bearing upon the com-
merce or the politics of the country, derives its
principal interest from being a contest between
two stock companies of the State of New Jersey.
I trust that the Senate will not postpone the ques-
tion of the reconstruction of the Union and the
admission of these States for any such question.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I am compelled, and I
am pained to be compelled, to differ with the
President on the question of the rule. When
persons accrcdued to the Senate present their
commissions, it seems to me, if there be any
question of privilege, that must be a question of
privilege. They have a right to be heard, and
they have the right to have the question adjudi-
cated, if they come here and claim a right to rep-
resent a State of the Union. I think we cannot
well dispose of this matter without taking it up
and considering it as a question of privilege. In
my opinion, when the people of a State come
here and claim to be heard, or to have a place on
the Senate floor, it must be one of the first ques-
tions of privilege. It cannot be otherwise. We
may differ as to whether they have a right to a
seat on this floor, we may differ as to whether
they have been qualified properly by their con-
stituency, yet that they have the right and the
privilege to be heard, to see whether they shall
debate with us and vote with us with regard to
great questions of government, is almost as cer-
tain as the demonstration of the forty-seventh
problem in Euclid.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope that this motion
will prevail, and that this bill will be taken up.
As the Senator from Massachusetts has remarked,
it has been discussed for several days,an oppor-
tunity has been given to every man to express
his views, and I think we are about ready for a
vote. This is not a question of two corporations;
it is one corporation versus the people and the
business interest of the United States; and I am
sorry to say that that corporation are able to pay
for counsel.
Mr. FOOT. I desire to state that I shall vote
for this motion, among other reasons, as-a mat-
ter due in courtesy to the Senator from Nevada,
[Mr. Nye,] who took the floor, on the bill cow
proposed to be taken up by the Senator from
Michigan, something more than a week ago, and
it was made a special order for the next morning
at one o'clock. He is prepared and desirous of
submitting the remarks he lias to make upon that
question. It was overridden then, and has been
to this time. I think it is a courtesy that we do
not often refuse to a member under the circum-
stances.
The motion of Mr. Chandler was agreed to;
there being, on a division—ayes 24, noes 10; and
the Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
(H. R. No. 307) to regulate commerceamong the
several States.
Mr. NYE addressed the Senate for some time
without finishing. Thathis whole argumentmay
appear together the portion delivered this day is
reserved until it can be published with the con-
cluding part. [See Appendix.]
Mr. HOWARD, i understand the Senator
from Nevada consents to give way to a motion
for a recess. I will therefore move that the Sen-
ate now take a recess until seven o'clock. I will
firstinquire of the Chair whether wehave a stand-
ing order for a recess.
Mr. SUMNER. No.
Mr. FOSTER. I suggest to the Senator that
we are to have an illumination to-night.
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator will withdraw
that motion, I should like to have an executive
session for a few moments to refer some mes-
sages.
Mr. HOWARD. There is no objection to that.
I withdraw the motion for that purpose.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 22, 1885.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. James Mitchell.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
REPRIMAND OF A. P. FIELD.
The Sergeant-at-Arms appeared at the bar of
the House, having in custody A. P. Field as
directed by the resolution of the House of yester-
day.
The said A. P. Field having been arraigned.
The SPEAKER said: Mr. Field, the duty has
been devolved upon me, by the Representatives
of the American people, to express to you their
condemnation of the act forwhich you have been
tried before a committee of their members, and
ordered to be reprimanded at the bar of the House
by their Presiding Officer.
In this Hall assemble those who have been
chosen by the suffrage of their constituents,
throughout the continental area of the Republic,
to deliberate and decide upon the gravest matters
of national concern. Differing often widely from
each other, their acts and votes on many questions
may prove distasteful to large portions of Che
people for whom they legislate; and the Constitu-
tion has therefore wisely declared that no Repre-
sentative shall be questioned elsewhere for words
spoken here in debate. Accountable as every
Representative is to this body with which he is
associated, to which is reserved the right of ex-
pulsion for whatever renders him unworthy of its.
membership, the House has repeatedly decided
that menace, or assault by one member upon an-
other, is a flagrant breach of privilege, rendering,
the offender amenable to whatever proper punish-
ment it may see fit to inflict. And, while thus
subjecting a sworn associate to its discipline, it
claims and exercises the right to fix the penalty
against those, not of the body itself, who en-
deavor, by threat or attack, to interfere with the
freest action of its members.
In your case the offense seems more inexcus-
able, because you were yourself a claimant of a
seat on this floor, and the question involved in the
decision of that claim was one of far more than
ordinary importance to the nation and your State.
The Representative, who was firstdenounced and
then attacked by you, was not a member of the
committee before which the issue was pending,
and whose report was necessary to bring it before
the House. He had himself joined in the unani-
mous vote by which you were authorized to oc-
cupy a seat upon this floor, pending its decision,
and to vindicate your claim to membership when
the question should come before this body for its
action. Yet, without provocation, without any
preliminary personal controversy, you first in-
sulted him at a public table and then followed it
with a violent attack, with an open knife, inflict-
ing a painful wound upon his person, and with
threats that you would shoot him before you
went to bed. You must rejoice that your assault
did not terminate in graver results than those for
which you are now arraigned.
It is but just to you to state that the testimony
of your fiiends before the committee declares you
to be " a gentleman of correct deportment, kind
and amiable in your intercourse with others, and
unexceptionable in demeanor, except on occa-
sions of indulgence in convivialityand the un-
pleasant position you occupy to-day is, therefore,
only another illustration of the exceeding value
of that warning voice of inspiration, *• Look not
upon the wine when it is red, when it giveth its
color in the cup; for at Jast it biteth like a serpent
and stingeth like an adder."
Invoking you, finally, to remember that whether
as an individual or a legislator, tl he that is slow
to anger is better than the mighty, and he that
ruieth his spirit than he that taketh a city," it
only remains for me to direct the Sergeant-at-
Arms to discharge you from his custody.
PENSION LAWS.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. 1 call up the motion to reconsider the vote
by which bill of the House No. 756, supplement-
ary to the several acts relating to pensions was
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion to refer;
and being put, the motion was disagreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike out the first
section of the bill. I do it with the concurrence
of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Whaley]
who reported the bilk
The motion was agreed to.
The bill as amended was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and bemgengrossed,itwas
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. WHALEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JAMES B ROYCE
On motion of Mr. WOODBRIDGE, by unani-
mous consent,joint resolution of the Senate (No.
112) for the relief of James B. Royce, was taken
from the Speaker's table, read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
