226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
By unanimous consent, leave was granted to
introduce a bill (S. No. 392) supplementary to an
act approved July 14, 1862, entitled "An act to
establish certain post roads;" which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads, and ordered to
be printed.
EXTRA SESSION OF CONGRESS.
Mr. TRUMBULL, The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred a resolution ask-
ing if any legislation is necessary to enable the
President to call an extra session of Congress
without giving sixty days' notice, have instructed
me to report it back to the Senate, and recommend
its indefinite postponement. In making this re-
port 1 will state that there seems to be a misap-
prehension in regard to sixty days' notice being
necessary in convening an extra session of Con-
gress. I have been unable to find any law re-
quiring any definite notice to be given, and believe
that no legislation is neccssary, inasmuch as the
President may convene an extra session of Con-
gress upon such notice as he thinks proper as the
law now stands.
The report was concurred in, and the resolu-
tion was indefinitely postponed.
BILIjS INTRODUCED.
Mr. POMEROYasked /uid by unanimous con-
sentobtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 391)
authorizing an adjustment of the claims for lauds
heretofore confirmed to any State; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DIXON asked, and by unanimousconsent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 393) to
authorize the corporation of Georgetown to levy
certain taxes; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Mr. COWAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a hill (S. No. 394)
for the relief of the parties in a cause pending in
the supreme court of the District of Columbia,
wherein Emily F. Wiley is plaintiff and Mar-
shall Brown and others, defendants; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
f COUNSEL FEES PAID BY THE DEPARTMENTS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I offer the following res-
olution, and ask for its present consideration:
Rcsohcd, That the Secretary of State, of the Treasury,
of War, ot the Navy, of the interior, the l>ostm;i'?terCen-
tral, ami iho Attorney General, bo e«tch duected to uitorin
• the Senate what amount was paid or allowed in his De-
partment for attorneys or counsel fees of every kind and
description, exclusive of the regular salaries paid to the
Attorney General and the respective district attorneys dur-
ing tile liscal year ending Juno .50, It 64, and, lar as piae-
tlcable, Jrom that peiiod to the l t of January, 1^03, giving
a lift of ihe names of the persons employed, the amount
paid each, and out of what land.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. HALE. I did not hear the whole of the
resolution, and I do not know but that i should
be in favor of it; but I think it would be well to
add at the close "and theservices for which those
fees were paid."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to that
except that I think it will make the report very
voluminous.
— Mr. HALE. I think wc had better have those
words in the resolution. I have some particular
reasons for wanting them in.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall make no objection
to adding those words in the appropriate place.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois modifies his resolution by inserting the
words suggested by the Senator ft-om New Hamp-
shire.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
COMMITTEE ON VENTILATION.
Mr. BUCK A LEW submitted the following
resolution, which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
\ Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representatives
V concurring,) 1. That the jomt coinimttec on ventilation
and improvement of the Halta of Congress be authoiized
to examine witnesses and employ a reporter.
2. That the members of the* Committees ot the two
Houses upon Public Buildings and Grounds he added to
the said joint committer upon ventilation, Sic,, for the
purpose ot deciding upoa any plea or proposition of im-
provement wiucli may be beiore haul committee for con-
sideration.
SALE OF INDIAN LANDS IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to eallup Senate
joint resolution No. 92 that it may be acted upon
at the present time. When it is taken up I can
in a single moment explain to the Senate the ne-
cessity for immediate action upon it.
The motion was agreed to, and the joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 92) to postpone and prevent the
sale, for less than their appraised value, of cer-
tain Indian lands in Minnesota was read a second
time, and considered as in Comrriittee of the
Whole. It provides that so much of section three
of an act for the removal of the Winnebago In-
dians, and for the sale of theirreservation in Min-
nesota for their Jpenefit, approved February 21,
18G3, as provides that no portion of their reser-
vation shall be sold for a sum less than their ap-
praised value before January 1, 1865, nor for a
less price than 25 per acre, unless otherwise
provided by law, shall be amended so that it shall
not be lawful to sell any portions of the lands
within the limns of the reservation for a less price
than their appraised value prior to January 1,
1866, nor shall any preemption claim (unless
already attached) to any portion of the lands be
held to be valid unless such claim shall be estab-
lished and the purchase-money for such claim
paid prior to the 1st of January, 1866.
The second section provides that so much of
section three of the act of Marcli 3, 1863, enti-
tled " An act for the removal of the Sisseton,
Wahpaton, Medawankaton, and Wabpakoota
bands of Sioux, or Dakota Indians, and for the
disposition of their lands in Minnesota and Da-
kota, " as provides that no portion thereof " shall
be sold for a sum less than their appraised value
before January 1, 1865, nor for a less price than
$1 25 per acre, unless otherwise provided by
law," shall be amended so that it shall not be
lawful to sell any of the lands for a less price than
their appraised value prior to January 1, 1866;
nor shall any preemption claim, not already at-
tached to any portion of the lands, be held to be
valid unless such claim shall be established and
the purchase-money for such claim paid prior to
January ], 1866.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not precisely under-
stand the reason for the postponement of these
sales. I presume the chairman of the committee
can state it to the Senate and perhaps satisfy
everybody about it. I have always noticed that
when sales of this kind are postponed with a view
of getting more than $1 25 an acre for the land
we hardly ever get it. We have had considera-
ble experience on this subject. If these lands can
net to the Indians,as I understand they can, $1 25
an acre, in my opinion that is as much as they
will ever get. I have seen two or three instances
where postponements have been made without
effecting any good.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will state to the honor-
able Senator from Kansas that since these lands
were surveyed there has been but a very brief
pc!iod,as lam informed from the Department, for
the lands to be offered for sale at their appraised
value.
Mr. POMEROY. How long?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. But a few weeks after
the schedules were made out and put in such
shape that the lands could be advertised.
Mr. RAMSEY. If the Senator will allow me,
the appraisement on the lands on the Sioux reser-
vation only reached the Department since the 1st
day of January, 1865; so that the object of the
law is entirely defeated, and the Indians would
not get one cent above SI 25 an acre, although
the land is worth three or four times thatamount.
Hence, this resolution is indispensably necessary
in order to prevent the sacrifice of those lands.
Mr. POMEROY. If it is only to extend the
time for a short period, 1 will not object to the
resolution*, but 1 want to know of the Senator
from Wisconsin, if these lands are occupied,
whether there are preemptors upon them now?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 will explain to the Sen-
ator and to the Senate in a single moment the
whole purpose and scope of this resolution.
The act of 1863 provided that none of these
lands should be sold at less than their appraised
value previous to the 1st of January, 1865, which
is the first day of the present month. It has been
but a very short time since these lands were
advertised, or any portion of them put into market
so that they could be offered and sold at their ap-
praised value. But the 1st day of January hav-
ing arrived, the lands since that date have been
open to preemption, and I suppose that some per-
sons perhaps in Minnesota may have enteied on
some of these lands after that date, and their rights
to preemption may have attached in such a way
that it is impossible for us by legislation t j de-
prive them of their rights which have accrued.
The resolution itself, therefore, excepts those
which have alieady attached; but it proposes to
postpone and prevent any more preemptions at-
taching to these lands for one year, so that they
may be sold at the appraised value.
it will be remembered by the Senate- that the
Winnebago tribe of Indians were not at all in-
volved in that war in Minnesota; yet there was
such a feeling of hostility aroused by the war
which was brought on by the Sioux, that there
seemed an absolute necessity of taking some
measures for the removal of the Winnebagoes as
well as the Sioux. The Winnebagoes have been
removed from the State of Minnesota, and these
lands are the fund by which we are still to sup-
port these Winnebagoes; and it seems to me it
would be very wrong to allow preemption claims
to attach to these lands until there is a fair oppor-
tunity for the to to be sold, one year at least.
So, also, in relation to the lands belonging to
the Sioux, the same provision is contained in this
joint resolution. I think it but just. The De-
partment are urgent to save these lands, or the
funds to grow out of them, for the benefit of these
Indians. I think there can be no objection to its
passage.
Mr. HARLAN. I think there is a little am-
biguity about the language of the resolution as it
now stands, and I therefore desire to propose a
couple of amendments to it. In section one, line
fifteen, I move to strike out all after the woid
" claim" to the end of the section, in the follow-
ing words:
(Unlef-3 already attached) to any portion of said lands
be held to be valid unless such claim shall be established
and the purehn&e-inonev for such claim paid prior to the 1st
day of January, A. D. 1866.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
He valid made after the passage of this act.
So that the clause will read:
Nor shall any preemption claim be valid made after the
parage of this- act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I now move a similar amend-
ment in section two, to strike out all after the
word " claim" in the fourteenth line to the end of
the section, in the following words:
Not already attached to any portion of said land*.,he held
to be valid unless such claim shall be established and the
pnieha- e-in<>ney for such claim paid prior to the 1st day of
January, A. D. 18C6.
And to insert:
Be valid made alter the passage of this act.
So that the clause will read:
Nor shall any preemption claim be valid made after the
passage of this act.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I see no objection to these
amendments if the Senator thinks they make the
resolution clearer and more satisfuctoty.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
as amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, read the third time,
and passed.
RECIPROCITY TREATY.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion relating to the reciprocity treaty.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 56) authorizing the President of the
United States to give to the Government of Great
Britain the notice required for the teimination of
the reciprocity treaty of the 5th of June, A. D.
1854, the pending question being on the passage
of the joint lesolution.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, when the Senate
adjourned yesterday I had just submitted some
figures giving an exhibit of the actual lumber
export of Canada as compared with the lumber
product of the United States. I desired, if I could,
to persuade the Senate and to persuade the coun-
try that there was no danger that $95,000,000)
