992
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Sec-
retary of the Interior transmitting an estimate to
supply a deficiency of $5,000 for the Chippewas
of Pembina and Red Lake, under the treaty of
October 2, 18(j3; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be
printed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I ask unani-
mous consent that Friday next, after the morn-
ing hour, be assigned for the business of the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WILSON. 1 shall object if the committee
intend to report a resolution for the relief of naval
contractors.
Mr. PENDLETON. I desire to ask the
Speaker whether the effect of such an assignment
would be to override prior orders ?
The SPEAKER. It would override them.
Mr. PENDLETON. Then I object. I should
have no objection to its being made a special order
after the prior orders are disposed of.
CARSON CITY, NEVADA.
Mr. WORTH1NGTON. I ask unanimous
consent to take up from the Speaker's table a bill
(H. R. No. 45) in regard to the title of lands in
Carson City, m the Territory of Nevada. It has
been returned from the Senate with a merely
verbal amendment to strike out the word "Ter-
ritory" wherever it occurs, and insert the word
"State." 1 move that the amendment be con-
curred in.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
up, and tiie amendment was concurred in.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. PERHAM. I ask unanimous consent to
make adverse reports from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions upon the petition of G. W. Bon-
ner, and the petition of Mary M. Lee, widow of
Stephen Lee, for a pension. I ask that the com-
mittee be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the same, and that Mary M. Lee have
leave to withdraw tier papers.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PRICE. I ask unanimous consent to make
an adverse report from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions upon the petition of the heirs
of Philip Johnson, and the petition in the case of
Mary A. Beiault, adininistratix. I move that the
committee be discharged from further considera-
tion of the same.
The motion was agreed to.
GEORGE A. SCIIREINER.
Mr. PERHAM, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, Senate bill No. 240, for the relief of George
A. Schreiner, with a recommendation that the bill
do pass.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
COLLECTION DISTRICT OF NEW YORK.
Mr. STARR. I ask that the Senate bill (No.
454) be taken from the Speaker's table, being an
act supplementary to an act entitled " An act to
annex a part of the State of New Jersey to the
collection district of New York, and to appoint
an assistant collector to reside at Jersey City,"
approved February 21, 1863.
The bill was taken up.
Mr. STARR. I ask that the bill be put upon
its passage at this time.
^ Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the bill be referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
PORTRAIT OF LIEUTENANT GENERAL GRANT.
Mr. INGERSOLL asked unanimous consent
to introduce a joint resolution authorizing the
Joint Committee on the Library of Congress to
purchase, at a cost not to exceed §1,200, the full-
length portrait of Lieutenant General U. S. Grant
now on exhibition m the rotunda of the Capitol.
Mr. PRUYN objected. ^
DELAY IN PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. A. AY. CLARK. I desire to make a verbal
report from the Committee on Printing upon the
resolution of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Washbcrne,] in relation to the delay in printing
the proceedings of Congress in the Daily Globe.
We called upon the proprietor of the Globe,and
they assured us that they have employed all the
help tffey can obtain in this city, in Philadelphia,
and in New York, and they are now negotiating
for all the help they can procure, and they hope
to be up with their printing m a few days.
In relation to the printing at the Public Print-
ing Office, the Superintendent of Public Printing
(assures us that he is doing the work with all the
rapidity the means at his command will enable
him to do it. He hopes to deliver the Agricul-
tural Reports during the week as fast as members
may desire them. Further than that the commit-
tee do not propose any action.
I would state that 1 had here upon my table
the reply of the proprietors of the Globe, which
I proposed to have read; but some one has seen
fit to remove it. I have, however, stated the sub-
stance of their letter.
SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA.
Mr. HIGBY,by unanimous consent, reported
from the Committee on Public Lands a bill for
the relief of the occupants of lands in the ex-mis-
sion of San Jose, in the State of California.
The bill was read for information.
Mr. HIGBY. A few words of explanation as
to the character of this bill are due to the House.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the con-
sideration of the bill?
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. What
action is sought ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Califor-
nia [Mr. Higby] desires to have the bill passed.
It is a bill reported from the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. It seems
to me to be a bill of too much importance to be
put through now.
Mr. HIGBY. I can explain it, I think, satis-
factorily, if the gentleman will allow me.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois I desire to
know whether the bill has been soomitted to the
Commissioner of the General Land Office.
Mr. HIGBY. It has been, and he favors its
passage.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
consideration of the bill?
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. I cer-
tainly am not prepared to vote on the bill till I
have a clearer understanding of it. It contains
very important provisions.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts objects, the bill is not before the House.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. I have
no objection to the gentleman from California
[Mr. Higby] making an explanation, provided I
can reserve my right to object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's right to
object will be reserved.
Mr. HIGBY. The lands here in question are
some twenty-five or thirty thousand acres of val-
ley land and hill and mountain land, to which it
has been supposed there was a valid Mexican
1 title. Three commissioners authorized by Con-
gress went to the State of California to settle
these Mexican claims—a class of claims in re-
spect to which the Government of the United
States, by the treaty made when California was
acquired,guarantied to respect the Mexican title.
The commissioners confirmed the Mexican title;
and under that confirmation nearly all the parties,
1 believe, who were embraced in the memorial,
went on to the lands and made purchase of this
title, paying a valuable consideration. In addi-
tion to that they have expended three or four
hundred thousand dollars in fencing and planting
their orchards and vineyards, and m making im-
provements of various character.
The United States appealed from the judgment
of the commissioners to the district court of the
United States, and the decision of the commis-
sioners was reversed. The claimants appealed
from the decision of the district court,and carried
the case to the Supreme Couit of the United
States, where it is now pending. The claimants
are now here asking that they may be permitted
to enter their lands, paying the minimum price,
$1 25 per acre. It is due to the House that 1
should state that some of these individuals have
more land within their inclosures than would be
allowed under the general land law, by which
one hundred and sixty acres constitute the limit.
I believe that there are two of the claimants who
have something like two thousand acres each.
The application of these parties for this legis-
lation is based on the same principle that was
involved in one or two cases that were before
Congress at the last session. Under a title sup.
posed to have been guarantied by the Government
of the United States, a title of a peculiar charac-
ter, these parties have gone on and made pur-
chases of these lands and put their improvements
upon them. Their claim does not meet with any
opposition from individuals. They simply ask
that they shall be allowed to enter these lands at
the Government price, the United States giving
them an undisputed title. These are the simple
facts.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. I shall
not urge any objection to the bill.
There being no objection, the bill was read a
first and second time, and was ordered to be en-
grossed for a thud reading. Being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HIGBY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MARGARET BRADY.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, reported ad-
versely upon the petition of Margaret Brady, of
Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, piayingfora pension
on account of the services of her late husband.
The petition was laid on the table.
ILLUMINATION OF THE CAPITOL.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to state
that the President of the United States having
ordered the Department buildings to be illumi-
nated this evening in honor of the late victories
for the Union, the Vice President and the Speaker,
on consultation this morning, deemed it fitting
that this Capitol should also be illuminated, and
directed the Commissioner of Public Buildings to
make the requisite arrangements for this purpose.
It %vas necessary that the work of preparation
should be commenced before either House of Con-
gress would be in session.
NATIONAL MISSISSIPPI BRIDGE COMPANY.
Mr. WILSON. I demand the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER stated the regular order of
business to be House bill No. 634, to incorporate
the National Mississippi Bridge Company, on
which the previous question had been demanded.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I hope that my colleague
wiil withdraw the demand for the previous ques-
tion, as it is a matter in which Illinois is deeply
interested.
Mr. NORTON. I would be happy to accom-
modate my colleague, but 1 cannot.
Mr. J. C, ALLEN. I desire to ask my col-
league a question.
Mr. NORTON. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. Does my colleague know
that Illinois has chartered a company to build
this bridge, in connection with a company char-
tered by the State of Missouri ? I ask whether
this is not an independent company, for the pur-
pose of depriving Illinois and Missouri of the
benefit of building this bridge.
Mr. NORTON. I cannot hear my colleague.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. Does not my colleague
know that the State of Illinois has recently char-
tered a company in conjunction with a company
chartered by the State of Missouri, and that it
has authorized it to build this bridge across the
Mississippi river? Does he not know that this
is a scheme to deprive the State of Illinois of a
voice in a work in which it is deeply interested?
Mr. NORTON. I am glad to answer my col-
league. I will state to linn that when I reported
this bill there was not to my knowledge a charter
granted by the State of Illinois to construct a
bridge across the Mississippi river. lie knew,
when he put the question to me, that neither he
nor myself knew ihere wtts any project passed by
the Illinois Legislature until yesterday afternoon.
None of us knew that any such proposition had
passed the Illinois Legislature. I knew nothing
about it, and 1 do not know that my colleaguedid,
1 do not know it now, except that my colleague
intimated to me that such a bill had passed ven-
