1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•227'
which is the value oft he American product, would
be swallowed up by §10,000,000, which is the
value of the Canadian export. But it must be
remembered that this quantity of lumber which
I have already give)) us the export of Canada does
not all come here, by any manner of means. On
the contrary, of the §8,500,000, in round num-
bers, which was the export of Canada in 1859,
only something: over §3,000,000 found its way to
the United States. Of the $10,000,000 which was
exported by Canada, in 1860, something over
$3,800,000 worth found its way to the United
(States; and of the $8,600,000 which was the ex-
port uf Canada in 1BC1, only $2,065,870 found its
way to the United States. And yet Senators here
seem to be alarmed that the lumber interests of the
United States are to be overwhelmed by this slight
and insignificant importation from Canada, in
point of fact this $2,000,000 of lumber in value
is received at different points and melts away in
the vast consumption of the United States,and I
dare say is little felt anywhere.
The port of Chicago, which is one of the great
lumber markets m the country, the greatest lum-
ber market in the Northwest, which would be
likely to feel this importation as soon as almost
any point, makes this return of the Canadian
lumber trade: in 18G0 there was received at that
port, from Canada, of lumber unmanufactured
$11,453in value;in 1861,$15,710;in ]862,$19,425;
i.n 3fc63j §43s268; in 1664, §92,378. Of manufac-
tured lumber not a foot has been received in that
poit for five years.
I feel, therefore, great confidence in saying that
this new-born sympathy for the lumber interests
of the United States is not called for. They do
not stand in need of it. They arc doing very
well; and 1 think the lumbermen of this country
will feel much less grateful for this sympathy
when they arc made to understand what it really
leads to; for what is the proposition that was
submitted to us yesterday ? They propose tond
the American lumber interest of a competition
which aiises from an importation of about two
million dollars m value. For what? To put the
Government m a position in which it can levy a
tax on the American product of five per cent. In
other words, you propose to drive $2,000,000 of
Canadian lumber out of'our market, and save our
lumber interest from that amount of competition;
and the equivalent for doing this is that you will
take $5,000,000 directly from the pockets of our
manufactuiers. The lumber product of the Uni-
ted States is not less than $100,000,000, and if
you put five per cent, upon that, they have to pay
directly §5,000,000 as a consideiation for being
lehrved from this competition of £.2,000,000. i
think the lumbermen of the United States can do
without this sympathy. I am sure they cannot
do with it.
But, sir, there has been an attempt to excite
our jealousy against our Canadian neighbors.
The sentiment of envy has been appealed to in
aid of this resolution. We have been pointed to
magnificent lail way improvements which are said
to have cut their way through Canadian forests,
as if they were the effect of this tieaty of 1854.
Well, sir, they have a railway running through
Canada, 1 behove. It is a pretty important high-
way, I suppose; but we are not entirely destitute
of i at! ways in 1 lie United States. We are taunted
with the railway system of Canada, as if the prod-
uce of the United States found us way to our own
markets by wagon trains. But our produce does
not go to market in that way. Sir, I cannot help
feeling a little humiliated and moitified when any
statesman, speaking for the United States, at-
tempts to excite our envy toward the people or
the government or the tiade or the piospenty of
Canada. If wc are reduced to that it is time we
were wiped out as a nation.
So fdi,sir, I have betm considering objections,
not as they were made herein the debate of yes-
terday, but as 1 had found them stated elsewhere,
before any objections were piesented to the Sen-
ate. 1 have taken them from the hps of a Repre-
sentative who is understood to be the author of ;
this measure. I thought it fair to infer that if he j
could not sustain the resolution it could not be |
yu&tciiiicd, and 1 think ihavo succeeded mshow- |
ing that his defense falls very far shoi t of sustain- i
ing the resolution. Yesterday the resolution was j
advocated on this floor, and somewhat different s
grounds were urged in support of the resolution, i
Yesterday we were told that we should repeal this
treaty of 1854 to enable us hereafter to lay duties
on our imports from Canada, and to enable us also
to impose taxes on our productions which aie
named in the treaty. That was urged by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner;] that
was urged by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sher-
man,] neither of whom 1 see in his seat; that
was urged by the Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Collamer] also, who is not in his seat.
The argument fallsfrom the Senator from Ohio
very naturally. To impose taxes seems to be his
forte. He*has an idea, 1 think, that the normal
condition of man is to pay taxes. [Laughter.] I
have never known him to avow a willingness that
anything should go untaxed except perhaps Ca-
tawba wine and silver spoons. When he urges
us to repeal this treaty in order that he may get
a new hold of the pockets of the people, it is all
right; but I insist that we have a right to milder
doctrines from the Senator from Massachusetts.
He has no right to be so greedy.
Besides, sir, if we must have money, do you
conceive it to be absolutely necessary that the
money should be collected off these specific items?
Senators tell us that the Treasury is needy. Well,
supply the Treasury. Must you waituntilsome
commodity comes to you from Canada before you
pay your taxes? I once heard of a Massachu-
setts lawyer who insisted that a fee was so essen-
tial to enable a lawyer to do business correctly
that he never would trust himself to draw a deed
for himself without taking a five dollar note from
his wallet and putting it in his vest pocket.
[Laughter.] 1 never leally believed the state-
ment; but since I have found a Massachusetts
statesman who insists that he cannot pay his dues
to the Government until he has been furnished a
foreign commodity on which to pay them, I am
less incredulous about the story of the Massa-
chusetts lawyer.
Why, sir, if these duties are paid, we have got
to pay them, and 1 would just as soon pay them
before the commodity comes here, and without
any regard to the commodity, as to pay them
now. The tiuth is—andsome time theAmerican
people will be made to comprehend it, and when
they do the American Legislature will be made to
comprehend it—that this method of levying taxes
by way of duties is the most cruel and inhuman
mode you could contrive, because it is the most
expensive mode. Every million of dollars you
put into your Treasury by that method takes, not
less than a million, but more than a million and
a quarter out of the pockets of the people. That
will come to be known some time.
The Senator from Vermont yesterday told us
that the Government of Groat Biitain deiived a
very large revenue from the excise duty on hops.
He told it to us so touchmgly that it almoslmadc
my mouth water to think what a jolly time they
were having there m collecting money on hops.
Nay, he told it with an air which almost led me
to pity our own hop-growers that they could not
enjoy the luxury of paying something on their
hops. But after all, when we look at it sobeily, I
think ourown'hop-giowers cat) get along without
that. Recollect, there is not a dollar made in the
growth of hops that you do not tax just as heavily
as you tax any other dollar of piofits made from
any other source; there is not a hop used m the
manufacture of any article but what you tax just
as high as you tax any other manufactured article;
ynd 1 think the hop-growers will be content with
paying taxes m these two methods and will not
insist upon a direct tax being levied upon their
production. The whole policy of our revenue
laws so far is to avoid laying taxes on raw prod-
ucts.
The Senator from Vermont also urged yester-
day that he wanted to get rid of this treaty be-
cause he did not like the way in which the treaty
was made. He tells us he does not like this way
of regulating trade or commerce by treaty, tie
thinks it hud better be done by Congress. Veiy
likely the regulation of our own commerce with
foreign commies had better be done by our own
Legislature rathei than the treaty-making power;
but it happens that if you want to regulate our
trade with foreign countries you are obliged todo
it through the treaty-making power, for the au-
thority of yourLegisiature does not extend so far.
Your Legislature can determine-what dutiesthey
will impose on the importations from foreign coun-
tries, but vour Legislature cannot prescribe what
duties shall be imposed on those articles you ex-
port to foreign countries, it was the object of this
treaty not merely to regulate the trade of Canada
with us, but to regulate our trade with Canada;
not merely to fix the rate of duties on ourimpor'ts,
but to fix the rateof duties on ourexports.' That
must be done through the treaty-making power,
and cannot be done through the Legislature. It
was conceded here, as it has not been conceded
elsewhere, that the treaty is constitutional; in
other' words, that the President and Senate had
authority to make it, had authority to regulate
trade in this way. If they have the authority to
do it, then the only question'is whether they did
as wisely as the Legislature could.
The Senator from Vermont also told us that it
must have been a bad bargain for us, since we
opened to Canadian productionsa market of thirty
million people, and they have opened to us a
market of but three million. lie insisted that
that must be a bad bargain for us; that a market
of thirty million must be more valuable than a
market of three million. The argument is a
plausible one, but an unsound one; for the value
of a market does not depend upon the number of
purchasers found in it: it depends upon the de-
mands, the needs of the market. Here are thirty
million people purchasers of cotton; thirty mil-
lion arc the consumers of cotton; but of what use
is it to open that maiket to Canada, for we have
more cotton than we know what to do with, or
had when this treaty was formed. The value of
the market, as I said before, depends upon its
necessities; and whether we shall buy more or
sell more to Canada depends not upon the ques-
tion whether our population is larger than theirs,
but whether we have a larger surplus than they.
It is, however, unnecessary to argue this matter
with the Senator from Vermont or with anybody
else. It is put beyond the reach of argument by
established facts. The established fact is, that
notwithstanding we have thirty million to buy,
and they have but three million, yet'we sell more
to them than they do to us, and have done so since
this treaty was made. Wcsell more to the three
million than the three million sell to our thirty
million.
Now, sir, 1 have done what I could to show )
that every objection taken to the treaty in debate
here and elsewhere is unsound, is untenable. I
have aigued from theofficial returns that we have
showing the state of this trade. The Senator
fiom Vermont said yesterday that the people liv-
ing where ho did, in the State of Vermont, did
nut need any reference to any tables whatever on
this subject; they knew that the treaty was in-
jurious to us; they could see that every day.
'Well, sir, I never lived in Vermont. 1 know that
Vermont touches the Canadian line at one point
about as big as a man*s foot, and it is barely pos-
sible that because of that contact they may know
there how this trade affects the whole country
stretching along the whole fiontier of Canada.
I should not suppose so. I do not believe that if
you go out arid put your hand on one of the tel-
egraph wires you can tell what is passing over all
the telegraph wites in the country; and I do not
believe that by placing yourself in contact with
the Canada line at one point you can know ex-
actly what the trade is between the two countries
throughout the whole extent of their bounds.
I, however, did not assume to know anything
from any such quarter. 1 have given you facts
and figures as they are reported to us officially,
and I have shown that if it be objected to this
treaty that you export more free goods since the
treaty was adopted than you did before, that
Canada dees the same, and that such was the very
design of the treaty itself. I have shown you
that if it be objected that the balance of trade was
in our favor before the treaty was adopted and
has been against us since the treaty was adopted,
that that is a mistake. The balance of trade has
been in our favor ever since the treaty was adopted
as it was every year before the treaty was adopted.
If it be objected against the treaty that you have
exported less of the articles named in it than you
have imported, I have admitted that that was
very true when the treaty was first adopted,such
was the undeniable fact then, but even that evil I
have shown you is cured; so that in the last years*
of the operation of the treaty we have exported
more of articles named in it than we imported-
