THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY F. & J. RIVES, WASHINGTON, I>. C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1865.
New Series No. S3i
terday, or that such a bill had been before the
Illinois Legislature.
Further than that, this bill has no intention
to cut out any other corporation in the Slate of
Missouri or the State of Illinois. I am not aware
there is any company'to build this bridge across
the Mississippi river except the one proposed in
this bill. And I am astonished that my colleague
should put such a question to me. He knows
thatthe first intimation I had that this matter had
been before the Illinois Legislature was given by
him to nje yesterday afternoon, after this bill had
been under discussion.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I hope that my colleague
will understand that I meant no reflection on him.
I made the statement for the information of the
House. I was told that the Illinois Legislature
was acting on this subject. I was not advised
until yesterday what was the result of their legis-
lation. I inquired of the proper source, and I was
informed that they had chartered a company to
build a bridge across the Mississippi river. I
see that the names of the corporators in this bill
are of citizens of St. Louis, Missouri. Illinois
is as much interested in this bridge as Missouri,
and there are the names of none of the citizens
of that State here. But this bill, in assuming
the authority of the United States, is to deprive
those two States of a voice through their Legisla-
tures in the building of this bridge. It is for that
reason I have propounded these inquiries to my
colleague. I hope that this House will not un-
dertake to overthrow the legislation of Missouri
and Illinois by passing at this time an act of this
kind.
Mr. NORTON. I yielded to my colleague for
a question, and not for a speech.
So far as the corporators being citizens of Mis-
souri, if my colleague will suggest the names of
citizens of Illinois, I will insert them in lieu of
others. I am willing to do that. Further than
that, my colleague does not pretend to know that
a bill has passed the Illinois Legislature, or what
is the character of the legislation of Illinois on
this subject.
But 1 am not going into a discussion of this
matter. The object of the bill is to provide for
saving any conflict of State jurisdiction. The
authority of Congress is paramount over the busi-
ness and commerce of the country. This bill
brings the company under the jurisdiction of the
United States exclusively, and there will be no
conflict between sovereign States. The bill fur-
ther provides that the bridge shall not interfere
with the navigation of the river; that the bridge
shall be builtseventy feetabove the highest water,
which was in 1844; and further, that it shall not
interfere with the navigation of the Mississippi
river in any respect.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I did not
see the bill now before the House until this
morning, for 1 was not here yesterday, being de-
tained from the House on the business of the
House. It is certainly a very important bill, in-
volving important principles, and the interests of
the State of Illinois, to a very considerable de-
gree. As my colleague has the bill now before
the House, I would be very glad to have him
postpone its consideration for a short time, until
we can have an opportunity of looking at it care-
fully and to see what action the Legislature of Illi-
nois has taken upon this same subject. The sev-
enth section provides in reference to the rates of
toll, and I think the Representatives of the State of
Illinois ought to consider very carefully whether
we shall authorize this bridge to be made, and
authorize it to impose a heavy tax upon the citi-
zens of Illinois who go into Missouri for pur-
poses of business.
, Mr. NORTON. It is very well understood
that this whole question was raised yesterday.
I tell my colleague that I assured the House yes-
terday that if this bill could be made a special
order for any given day, so that a postponement
would not he virtually killing the bill, I would
have no objection to postponing it. But every
one knows that we cannot postpone this bill ex-
63
cept to a day certain without giving it the go-by
for the whole session; much less can we postpone
it until we hear from Illinois, to learn whether
there has been any legislation there, and whether
this bill interferes with any bill which may be
passed by the Illinois Legislature.
Mr. GRISWOLD. If there is no opposition
to this bill, and if it does not conflict with the
guarantied right of the free navigation of the
Mississippi, why is this application made to
Congress for a charter?
Mr. NORTON. The gentleman asks, if there
is no opposition to this bill anywhere, why ap-
plication is made to Congress? The reason why
they have come to Congress and asked their ac-
tion on the question is, that the question affects
the interests of two States, Illinois and Missouri;
and they wanted to avoid any conflict between
the separate interests of the two States.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I understand there is no
conflict or opposition. 1 askthegentleman again,
why then come to Congress and ask these ex-
traordinary privileges ?
Mr. NORTON. The gentleman is confound-
ing the two ideas of conflict of interest and con-
flict of jurisdiction. I do not know that there is
any conflict of interest; but there may be a con-
flict of jurisdiction between the two States; and
there might be two charters granted, one by one
State, and one by the other.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I hope the gentleman will
not insist upon his demand for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. NORTON. We shall avoid all the diffi-
culties which have been suggested by this legis-
lation. I insist upon my demand for the previous
question.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I appeal to the
gentleman from Illinois to dispose of this matter
in some way, as it is taking up all the time to
which the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia is entitled.
Mr. NORTON. I will do it by adhering to my
demand for the previous question.
Mr. PENDLETON. I appeal to the gentleman
to yield to a question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has just
stated that he will not yield.
Mr. HOOPER. I appeal to the gentleman to
answer me a question.
Mr. NORTON. I cannot yield to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts and refuse the gentle-
man from Ohio. I demand still the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was not seconded.
Mr. PENDLETON obtained the floor.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. This bill is
taking up the time of the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and I hope it may be post-
poned.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
is upon the floor.
Mr. PENDLETON. To what time would
the gentleman postpone it?
Mr. STEELE, of New York. To any time the
gentleman may indicate.
Mr. PENDLETON. I will yield to the gen-
tleman to make the motion.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I move to post-
pone the bill indefinitely.
Mr. NORTON. I call for tellers.
Mr. ROSS. Would it be in order to move to
postpone until Monday next?
The SPEAKER. It would not, a motion to
postpone indefinitely being now pending, on
which the House is dividing.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Nortonand
Pendleton were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 62, noes 39.
So the bill was indefinitely postponed.
Mr. PENDLETON moved that the vote by
which the bill was postponed be reconsidered;
and also that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Reports are in order during
the remainder of the morning hour from the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia.
INCORPORATION OF WASHII^TON'CITY.
On motion of Mr. DUMONT, and by unani-
mous consent, an act (S. No. 376) to amend an
act entitled "An act to amend an act to incorpo-
rate the inhabitants of the city of Washington,
passed May 15, 1820," approved May 5,1864,
was taken from the Speaker's table, and read a
first and second time.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and It
was accordingly read the£hird time, and passed.
Mr. DUMONT moved to reconsider the vota
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OPENING OF SIXTH STREET WEST.
On motion of Mr. DUMONT, by unantmoos
consent, bill of the House No. 364, authorizing
and requiring the opening of Sixth street west,
returned from the Senate with an amendment,
was taken from the Speaker's table, and the
amendment of the Senate was concurred in, as
follows:
Add to the bill the following proviso i
Provided, however, Tliat Sixlli street through the publfs
grounds known as Armory square shall not be opened until
alter the removal of'the Aimy hospital from such public
grounds, or until the consent of the Surgeon General of
the United States Army shall be first had and obtained.
POTOMAC BRIDGE AND CENTER MARKET.
Mr. STEELE, of New York, from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, reported a bill concern-
ing the Potomac bridge and the Center markeH
which was read a first and second time.
The bill requires the Secretary of War to caus*
the iron rails now used for the railroad track
across the Potomac bridge to be removed there-
from as soon as possible, and to be laid down
upon the railroad bridge recently erected across
the Potomac river near the Potomac bridge, and
that, as soon as the said rails are removed, tha
care of the Potomac bridge shall revert to th 
Commissioner of Public Buildings, in whose cm-
tody it is by law placed, who shall appoint th#
draw-keepers heretofore authorized by law.
The bill also appropriates $5,000, or so much
thereof as may be necessary, for the repair of the
bridge, provided that the corporation of the city
of Washington appropriate a like sum for tha
same purpose.
The bill further provides for the removal of the
present Center market-house, and the building of
anew market-house, the site thereof to be selected
by the President. "■
Mr. HOLMAN. This bill contains an appro-
priation of $5,000. 1 desire to reserve the right
to raise a point of order on this bill until I can
hear from the gentleman from New York.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I would stat«
to the gentleman from Indiana that this appro-
priation of $5,000 is an appropriation for the pur-
pose of putting in repair the Long Bridge, which
has recently broken down; but the bill provides
that no part of the §5,000 shall be expended until
a similar amount is raised and placed to the credit
of the United States by the corporate authorities
of the city of Washington.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STEELE, of New York, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SISTERS OF MERCY.
Mr. PATTERSON, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, reported back, with tha
recommendation that it do pass, bill of the Sen-
ate No. 368, to incorporate the Sisters of Mercy
in the District of Columbia. *
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and it
was accordingly read the third time,and passed.
Mr. PATTERSON moved to reconsider the
