1865.
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
22#
the termination of the reciprocity treaty of the
5th of June, A. D. 1854.
Mr. IIOWE. Mr. President, to explain this
great change in our trade with Canada in agricul-
tural products, it maybe nocessaryto refer to the
great increase of those products. In 1854, when
this treaty was made, the whole shipment of wheat,
corn, oats, rye, barley, and flour from the port of
Chicago was a little less than 13,000,000 bushels.
In 1864, the shipment from the same port by lake
alone was 41,481,625 bushels. To this must be
added a large amount which has gone forwardfrom
that port by railway, and another large amount
which has gone down the Mississippi river to sup-
ply our armies. Then it appears thatin the time
from 1854 to 1864, in those ten years, it is very
safe to assume that the shipment of these products
from that port and from all western ports have
more than quadrupled.
We have seen that the first effect of the treaty
was to bring into our markets a large amount of
Canadian products. We have seen that the oper-
ation of the treaty at length is, arising from our
increased production, to send to Canadian mar-
kets a large amount of our products. It will be
remembered, sir, that I have stated our shipments
of these products in a time of war. For the last
throe years we have been engaged in war, a large
amountof our labor has been transferred from the
ranks of producers to the ranks of consumers, and
yet in 1862 we sent from Chicago over 52,000,000
bushels, in 1863 over 48,000,000, and in 1864over
41,000,000. For nearly one third of the whole
shipment from Chicago in 18G4, we found a mar-
ket for a like amount in Canada in 1863. The
repeal of the treaty closes to us that maiket. I
think the representatives of agricultural commu-
nities ought to hesitate before they shut up that
market. In a few years at most, we hope this
war will be ended. Then a million of men will
once more return to the work of production who
are now consuming. When that shall have hap-
pened, we can well estimate the effect it will pro-
duce on our production. That it will be immense,
we know. We shall want a market then. Wd
shall look for a market then. If this treaty is
allowed to stand, we shall have a market for a
portion of it. If this treaty is stricken down, that
market will be closed. Our agricultural popula-
tion will want to know then why and by whom
this market was closed against them; and I have
taken this occasion to be able to say, when that
inquiry shall be instituted, that it was not done by
me.
I do not say that it is the design of those who
insist upon the repeal of this tieaty to closc that
market to our products, but I do say that it was
the direct effect of the treaty itself to enable the
manufacturing States to buy their breadstuff's in
two markets; and I do say thatit will be the direct
effect of the repeal of the treaty to close one of
those markets to our productions and to compel
us to sell our surplus to them exclusively and give
them a monopoly of thepurchase. As was argued
in the House of Representatives, bringing in these
Canadian products reduced the price. That is
true; and shutting up this Canadian market will
have the same effect, will still reduce the price.
I know it would seem to be the interest of the
manufacturing States to purchase their breadstuff's
as cheaply as possible; but after all I am notsure
that that is their highest interest. I am not sure
that it is not for their interest to furnish to the
agricultural community a free and a generous
market. This is very certain, that all we get for
our produce we shall take to their shops. We
spend everything we get, and the danger is that
we shall spend something that we do not get. That
has been a little our habit heretofore; we have
made purchases beyond our ability to pay.
I am opposed, therefore, to the repeal of this
treaty, because it will have this discouraging effect
on the agricultural interests of the country. I am
opposed to it for another and a last reason, be-
cause it degrades and disgraces the country itself.
Yes, sir, 1 say it degrades and disgraces the coun-
try itself. Here is Canada, here are these prov-
inces, your next-door neighbors, compiising
about three and a half million people scattered
along over that territory, stretching from the At-
lantic to the Pacific, who have been until within a
few years the shopkeepers for the fur-trading in-
terest. They challenge you to free and open com-
petition; you, the American people, thirty mil-
lion as you were a few years ago, and will be
again in a few months, I trust. If your country
is as capable as theirs you ought to accept the
challenge. I know it is not a free competition of
all their industry with yours. Someof yourcom-
modities are excluded from their markets, to be
sure; some commodities upon which a large
amount of industry is employed; but if that be
the fault you find with this treaty they invite you
to remodel it; they express a willingness to en-
large it. The Canadian minister himself told you
two years ago that instead of recommending its
repeal he would rather" unite with the Committee
on Commerce," representing to the committee of
our House of Representatives, "and especially
with the chamber of commerce of St. Paul, in seek-
ing to find means for the development of the in-
ternational treaty, and entering upon the subject
with a mutual desire to extend the number of arti-
cles for free admission," and he adds:
" The undei signed feels every confidence that much
greater scope could be given to the treaty without compro-
mising on the one hand the revenue interests of the United
States, or on the other the just claims to an equality in the
Canadian maiket which belongs both of right and duty to
Gieat Britain."
Here is the offer to extend the number of articles
embraced in the treaty, to make it more clearly
and more unequivocally a reciprocity treaty than
it is, and how do you meet that challenge? You
are advised to decline it. They challenge you,
as I say, to free and open competition, and you
arc advised to skulk behind the protection of re-
strictive duties and taxes. Why, sir, without
these restrictions production will find its level just
as surely as water. If your soil produces the most
generously, you will have an excess. If theirs
is the most capable, they will have an excess. If
theirs is the most capable, you will be their pur-
chasers; if yours is the most capable, they will
be your purchasers. I believe in the capabilities
of our own soil, and of our own country, and of
our own industry. I am willing to put itin com-
petition with Canadian soil and Canadian industry
at any time. If they have got the best country,
and can develop it, it is just as free to me as to
them, and I want to go there. At present I do
not believe it. At present 1 do not like to see this
challenge declined. I think it becomes us to meet
it, to accept it, to engage in it. 1 believe that our
honor demands it, and I think I know that our
interests demand it.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. President, I do not pro-
pose to argue the question which is before the
Senate; that has been done largely and exhaust-
ively; but I find myself in a predicament where
I shall act, so to speak, under some restraint..
This question in my State is not an open ques-
tion. It is, so far as the people of Maine are
concerned, res adjudicuta. This treaty has been
adjudged for many years to have been utterly
against the interests of my State, with one or two
exceptions; and I think that this judgment of my
State has become so general in most of the States,
particularly of New England, that I doubt much
whether it is an open question anywhere in that
region of the country. This conclusion does not
depend, as has been suggested, upon a caprice or
a whim or a passion or any sudden impulse; it i3
the result of experience and judgment. It is the
experience of the people of my State that the
whole couise of dealing betweenthe Canadas and
the United States under this treaty has been un-
favorable to the general interests of the people of
New England, and I think I may say of the peo-
ple of the States generally.
Therefore, sir, 1 should approach a question of
this kind with very great defeience under any cir-
cumstances; but I am happy to say that my own
judgment runs in harmony with what 1 under-
stand to be the general judgment of the people of
my State, and the people of the several States. I
believe, sir, that in the main it will be found,
whatever may be said in favor of the treaty, that
the principle on which it was started, that of re-
ciprocity, has been sacrificed and does not hold
good to-day; and for this reason alone, if there
were no other, it is proper to give this notice.
Then there js a very significant fact which has
been stated by the honorable Senator from Ohio,
chairman of the Committee on Finance, [Mr.
Sherman.] It seems by our peculiar circum-
stances to have been rendered absolutely neces-
sary by the emergency of public affairs to lay an
internal revenue, and this treaty interferes with
that and this renders its termination almost abso-
lutely necessary. This is an additional reason to
my mind why the notice should be given.
Some objections to this course have been urged,
one very plausible, and I need not say very plaus-
ibjv urged, by theSenatorfrom New Hampshire,
[Mr. Hale,] that the general scope and tendency
of this treaty was favorable to the development of
liberal ideas between that country, and ours, and
that we ought to cherish good neighborhood, and
that we ought to cherish those enlarged princi-
ples which encourage commerce, trade, good
neighborhood, and friendship. I agree to all that,
but do we propose anything to the contrary by
our action here?
It is said that this resolution is started upon a.
sudden impulse, and that it will be taken to be
inimical and unfriendly to the provinces. By no
means, sir. Allow me to remind Senators that
the treaty itself provides for precisely what we
propose. The treaty-making power when it en-
tered upon this compact understood that in the
practical operation of this treaty, very likely dic-
ing the ten years upon which we were to enter,
experience would show the necessity of revision;
and therefore it provided for giving this notice,
and the very fact that it provided for it shows
that the parties having a wise forecast saw that,
as this was but an experiment, and with the in-
formation they had they could only make an ap-
proximate regulation for the future, it would be
well to provide, and they did provide, that if at
any time during those ten years either party found
that its practical operation was injurious, it should
be the right, and will any Senator say it would
not clearly be the duty, of such party to give the
notice to that end? Not in a spirit of hostility,
not in a spirit of passion, but upon the general
judgment that the treaty has ceased to be recip-
rocal. That is the point. Upon the general as-
certainment of the fact that the treaty has ceased
to be reciprocal, then comes the right, and, as I
submit, the duty of the Government of the United
States to give the notice, not as my honorable
friend from Wisconsin, [Mr. Howe,] supposes,
for the total abrogation of amicable relations be-
tween Great Britain and this country, not in a.
spirit of hostility, but in a spirit of liberality, in
a spirit of amity and friendship, to the end that
we may have a better understanding, and to the
end that this great treaty may fulfill its destiny by
being put in harmony by suitable provisions with
its grand object, that of reciprocity.
Without undertaking to elaborate the matter
or to argue it, I content myself with a simple state-
ment of the attitude in which I find myself on the
general judgment of my own State, and the gen-
eral facts which I think in this country have be-
come historical in regard to this question. There
are, however, one or two points, to which per-
haps I may be allowed to advert, as they are pe-
culiar to the interests of my own State, and as
they were adverted to by the honorable Senator
from New Hampshire. The first of those is the
fishing interest. It is very true that on that ques-
tion I feel very deep solicitude; I am very ten-
der of that whole interest, and I would be very
slow to take any measure here or elsewhere which
would detrimentally affect that interest. I am
very free to confess that, to some extent, this
treaty is favorable to the fishing interests which
are somewhat peculiar to New England. It is
favorable to them to this extent, that it did pro-
vide a larger field for the operations of our fish-
ermen. The controverted matter as to where our
fishermen had a right to cast their nets, where
the point within three leagues of the shore began,
and where it ended, was settled by this treaty,
and ourfishermen,gained some additional advan-
tages, I believe by way of curing their fish in
some of the ports and on some of the shores and
coasts of the provinces. But as an offset to all
that, we allowed to come in free of duty all the
fish caught by British subjects; so that when the
balance is struck, my information and belief is
that the benefits which American fishermen are
supposed to have derived from this treaty are very
small and partial, and I entirely concur with the
view expressed by my colleague the other day,
that so far as the fishing interests are concerned
they will not be greatly prejudiced by an absolute
recision of this treaty. But I will not argue the
question of giving the notice on that ground. I
go upon the assumption that if this treatysjae what
