230
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
its friends claim for it in its general features, it
will in theend, this noticc having first been given,
be subjected to revision, and having these defects
cured, the treaty will be left to us.
There is another point in which my State is
beneficially affected by this treaty, by the recip-
rocal relations which are supposed to have been
established between the two countries, and tlmt
is in regard to the transportation over the Atlan-
tic and St. Lawrence and Great Western rail-
way. I can see in a certain contingency, if this
treaty shall be disrupted, finally and absolutely,
and no other take its place, that possibly that
interest which is peculiar to -a. section of my State
might suffer detriment; but I do not anticipate
any such thing. 1 anticipate a revision, and
even if there should not be a revision I think 1
can see a compensation, because this great Cana-
dian railway rests upon the Atlantic at Portland,
one of its termini, and the other reaches mto the
"West; and therefore it will always be a necessity,
I submit, of this railway to give all the facilities
for the transportation of the products of the West
which may be demanded by the interests of the
East. Hence, with a due regard to these partic-
ular interests of my State, which 1 think are
favored by this treaty, looking to the general
character of the treaty and its general operation
upon my own State and the rest of the New Eng-
land States, and upon all the States t hat are in-
timately connected with it, I am very clear in my
judgment that the notice ought to be given, and
that the best interests of the country require that
the treaty should bo revised.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, i do not
wish tp make any extended remarks upon this
subject, nor should 1 have opened my lips upon
it, perhaps, but for an allusion that has been made
in the course of the debate to the board of trade
in my city, Detroit. That board of trade does
not represent the State of Michigan, or the inter-
ests of the State of Michigan. The gentlemen
composing it arc engaged mostly in the forward-
ing and commission business and the receipt of
produce. It is undoubtedly for the interest of
many of those gentlemen to continue this intei-
course with Canada, and the reception of Cana-
dian produce, but, sir, the people of the State of
Michigan have no such interest. The people of
Michigan are engaged m agriculture, in mining,
in lumbering, and in fishing; and every one of
these interests is directly injured by the continu-
ance of this treaty. The citizens of Michigan are
largely taxed for the supportof this Government;
taxed directly and indirectly; taxed upon their
income, and upon their products, and upon their
consumption; taxed in every way; while the in-
habitants of Canada raise precisely the same ar-
ticles, are engaged in the same business, and send
their products here to compete with ours, with-
out contributing one dollar to the support of tins
Government. In my humble judgment the hon-
orable and distinguished Senator from Vermont
[Mr. Collamer] was right when he said that the
object, end, and aim of this treaty in its inception
arid adoption was to give the people of Canada
the full benefit of the American market without
taxation, m order to prevent them from carrying
out the scheme which was then almost generally
advocated in Canada, of annexation to the United
States. From the date of the adoption of the
treaty until to-day that feeling, that desire for
annexation and incorporation with the United
States has grown " small by degrees and beauti-
fully less," until it has become extinct; and the
great mass of the people of Canada arc to-day in
sympathy with the rebellion against this Govern-
ment.
If, instead of a treaty of reciprocity, this treaty
had been called a treaty to encourage emigration
from the United States into Canada; a treaty to
encourage production in Canada instead of in the
United States, it would have been more justly
named. As was remarked by the Senator from
Vermont, we have been prevented from levying
a revenue tax on the lumber interest, which is an
enormous interest in this country, on account of
the treaty. I have no doubtthatto-day we should
be in the receipt of at least §5,000,000 annual
revenue from a tax on the lumber interest, which
can as well afford to pay it as any other business,
and we could impose the tax but for the treaty.
Canadian lamber, as is well known, comes in di-
rect competition with the productions of our own
mills, from one end of our border to the other,
and more particularly is it injurious in its effect
on the State of Michigan, which is perhaps more
largely engaged in the lumber interest than any-
other State in the Union.
The figures which some Senators have pre-
sented to us from the Canadian tables in regard
to reciprocity are false and fallacious in point of
fact. Canada really receives very few of the prod-
ucts of our soil. It is true they pass through
Canada; there are lines of propellers established
between Chicago and the Canadian ports; but we
merely use the Canadian railroads as a means of
transportation. If the treaty be abrogated, I do
not believe it will affect that competition, for these
products can just as well be sent through Canada
under seal or under bond as to be as at present
shipped directly to Canada.
There is another assumption that incase of the
abrogation of the treaty the Canadians will put a
prohibitory rate of tolls on their lines of trans-
portation. Far from it, for those railroads are to-
day supported by the traffic of the United States,
by passengers and by freight from the United
States and to the United States. As I said be-
fore, the figures of the exports of produce tb Can-
ada are fallacious. They merely represent our
products exported to* Canada and transported
through Canada and landed atPortland in Maine,
and at other points which are the termini of the
through milroads. They do not affect our mai-
ket in the slightest degree.
As was well said by the Senator from Ver-
mont, this treaty opened the markets of thirty-
two million people to every product of Canada,
and in exchange there is comparatively nothing
that we have to export which Canada takes free.
Our manufactures are taxed on entering their
ports, as are all other manufactures. We receive
their corn, their wheat, their wool, their lumber,
their minerals, almost every product,free ofduty,
and they require none of these articles from us 11
return. They rcceivc some few of our manufac-
tures and tax them as they see fit.
1 have not prepared a speech on this subject,
but living upon the frontier and having had huai-
ness connections and relations with Canada for
the last thirty years, the whole matter is familiar
to me. My recollection is, that when the reci-
procity treaty, falsely so called, was adopted,
Canada had a uniform tariff of twelve per cent,
on our manufactures and on the manufactures of
Great Biitain. That tariff has gone on increas-
ingand increasing until, as I am informed, the du-
ties levied on many of our most important exports
to Canada are now doubled and trebled in amount.
I have not the figures beforo me, but I have seen a
statement within a few days that the amount of
our imports from Canada subject to duty is very
small, only three per cent, of the whole amount
of our imports, while our exports to Canada are
some forty-seven per cent.
i was in hopes that this resolution would have
passed without a dissenting voicc. I am sur-
prised that any Senator from an agricultural or a
lumber-producing State should stand up here and
advocate the continuance of the treaty, it is m
direct hostility to the interests of every constitu-
ent that I have in the State of Michigan, except
the few men in the Board of Trade in the city of
Detroit, who are engaged in receiving and for-
warding Canadian produce; and I believe that
the constituents of the Senator from Wisconsin
are more injuriously affected by the continuance
of this treaty than by almost any other commer-
cial arrangement existing in the United States to-
day, The constituents of thatSenatorare taxed,
and largely taxed, upon everything that they con-
sume; and yet every product of theirs, of the
plow, of the anvil, of the mill, and of the mine,
is brought in direct competition with untaxed
products of Canada of the same description. We
receive the whole excess of Canadian agricultural
products in competition with our own, and in re-
turn what do we give them f The Senator says
they receive the same articles. It is true they le-
ceive them for transportation, but for no other
purpose. His figures will not stand the test. If
he will look at the exports from Chicago, one
third of which he says goes to Canada, he will
find that not one tenth of that one third stops in
Canada longer than is necessary to transport it
to Portland, or to Niagara Falls, or to Buffalo.
As 1 said before, I was in hopes that there
would not be a dissenting voice, but that this
resolution would passunanimously. As was said
by the honorably Senator from Ohio, a very large
amount of tobacco is exported to Canada in the
leaf, there manufactured, and smuggled across the
lines. A much larger amount of corn is exported
from Illinois to Canada, there manufactured into
whisky, and then smuggled across, defrauding
our revenue in that respect.
I have in my possession a large number of fig-
ures and a large mass of material on this subject.
1 have given a great deal of attention to the treaty
from the time of its first adoption. I was opposed
to it when it was adopted. I have been opposed
to it ever since. I have thought it worked inju-
riously from that hour to this. I think so now;
and I hope that at the very first hour when we
can by the terms of the treaty give notice to Great
Britain of its abrogation that notice will be given.
Mr. FOOT. Mr. President, I do notrise svitli
any purpose of protracting this debate, or of en-
gaging in the discussion of the question before us
at any length, but simply to venture a general re-
maik or two on the subject. In fact, I had hot
supposed that the proposition now befoi'c the Sen-
ate would be at all likely to elicit any consider-
able degree of discussion. I could see no occasion
for protracted debate upon a question on which
we seemed to be pretty nearly all agreed; and I
could see no occasion for long debate upon a prop-
osition in respect to the policy or expediency of
which it can hardly be said that there is a divided
opinion either in Congress or in the country; cer-
tainly there is not among the people for whom I
am authorized here to speak.
I believe it to be very generally conceded that
while this reciprocity treaty, so denominated, has
proved highly beneficial to the interests of the
people of tlie Biitish provinces, and has contrib-
uted very largely to theirinterest and prosperity,
it has at the same time proved injurious and preju-
dicial to the interest and prosperity of the people
of the American States. The very title of the
treaty itself is a misnomer. There is nothing re-
ciprocal about it; there is nothing reciprocal in
its operation; it produces no reciprocity of ben-
efits between the two Governments. It is bene-
ficial to one only of the contracting parties and
injurious to the other. Such are the practical re-
sults of its operation. This, at all events, is the
prevailing if not quite the unanimous opinion of
the American people, who now after an experi-
ence of its effects for ten years demand as with
one voice the abrogation of a contract which they
regard as partial, unjust, inequitable, and one-
sided, as soon as it can be done through the forma
prescribed in the treaty itself.
This demand, Mr. President, is made not in
any spiritof resentment or retaliation toward the
people of Canada on account of any imputed in-
jury or wrong they have done us. It is not de-
manded because we regard it as beneficial to the
people of Canada, but because we regaid it as
prejudicial to our own people in the States.
I take leave here to make another general re-
mark or statement in thisconncction. When this
treaty was before this body for consideration, now
nearly eleven years ago—and there are hut three
or four of us here now who were here at that
time—I voted against its ratification. I feel my-
self entirely at liberty to say this much in refer-
ence to my own action upon this measure, after
this lapse of time, without incurring the imputa-
tion of transcending any rule of parliamentary
decorum or pi opriety, or of violating any injunc-
tion of secrecy upon our proceedings in executive
session. I voted against the ratification of this
treaty more than ten years ago. I have seen no
occasion to change the opinion I then entertained
of the character of the treaty, the partial, inequi-
table, one-sided character of the treaty in its op-
eration. The results of its practical operation,
therefore, have notdisappointed my expectations;
and in voting now, as 1 shall vote, for the propo*
sition to give the requisite notice for its termina-
tion, I vote in accordance with the opinion 1 have
always entertained of its character, as well as in
obedience to the clear popular sentiment of the
country unmistakably expressed, and in obedi-
ence to what 1 regaid as the manifest interest of
our own people. If, however, at any time here-
after when peace shall have been restored to our
country, as all the signs of the time, lam happy to
believe, indicate that it soon will be, another treaty
