1865,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
239
I think almost anything can be proved by tables
of figuies; but knowing something of the trade,
of the industries of that country, I believe the
only articles made free by this treaty which the
British provinces as a wliole do not have a sur-
plus of, and which we have any to send abroad or
ever had, are comprised in cotton, pitch, tar, tur-
pentine, rice, and unmanufactured tobaeco. All
these articles, exccpt the unmanufactured tobacco,
are free the world over. They are articles the
world wants. They are articles Canada would
take from us free, reciprocity treaty or no recipro-
city treaty. Upon the other hand, if you look
over the long list you will find it is the very arti-
cles upon which the industries of Canada are con-
centrated, agricultural products, the products of
her vast forests, grindstones, burr-stones, gyp-
sum, coal, that are admitted here freeofduty. It
seems to me to be a treaty made expressly and for
110 other purpose than to promote the industries
of Canada to the injury of the industries of the
United States, and it is impossible for me to con-
ceive how any treaty could be made, even if it
was made for that express purpose, that should
be more effectual in its operation upon the indus-
tries of the two countries.
Mr. CONNESS. As I intend to vote to give
this notice and for the resolution, I will say a few
words, and a few words only, rather in explana-
tion of my vote.
It is true, Mr. President, that I am here repre-
senting in part a people not very directly inter-
ested in this treaty in regard to which we are
about to act; but I feel, nevertheless, the general
interest that is felt by the people whom I in part
represent here in the public weal,in the prosper-
ity of the industries of the entire country which
becomes me,and becomes them, and therefore 1
desire to make some explanation in regard to my
vote.
This treaty is called a reciprocity treaty. Now,
sir, I think that that is really a misnomer. How
you can make a treaty reciprocal between two
countries lying contiguous to each other which
have the same products, the same class of indus-
tries, I cannot exactly see. Subject the arrange-
ment of that reciprocity to a treaty, or the mode
furnished by a treaty, and you have simply an
arrangement in which each party endeavors to
cheat the other in making the agreement to be
arrived at. That was the case here. It is very
generally concluded and conceded that we have
been cheated in this arrangement. I can see very
well how reciprocity treaties might be made be-
tween countries having different climates, differ-
ent productions; countries that produced very-
different articles, which articles were necessary
to the consumption of the people of those differ-
ent countries. I can see how they might be ad-
mitted by each other free of duty with advantage
to each other, but that does not apply here at all.
Again, it is conceded and generally believed,
as I think, that we have been worsted in this com-
mercial arrangement; and since we cannot coorect
it in any other way than by giving the notice pro-
posed, which reopens the question, resubmits it
to arbitration and arrangement, if we are to have
arbitration and arrangement, I am in favor of
that process and of giving the notice. How shall
we correct any of the disadvantages to us of this
arrangement, unless we give the notice and re-
open the question ?
But, says the Senator from New Hampshire,
take care; do not do that now; the public feeling
is excited in the Canadas and in our own coun-
try and 111 Great Britain in reference to our na-
tional affairs and our international relations, and
our friends in the Canadas and in Great Britain
will be injured and reduced in their influence upon
our national questions if we do this act, which will
be interpreted by our enemies there as an act of
aggression toward those countries and peoples.
Mr. President, m my opinion the very contrary
of that will be the result. It is not denied by the
Senator from New Hampshire or the Senator
from Wisconsin, who have spoken elaborately
on this question, that the treaty is of advantage
to the Canadian people. That is not denied. It
is claimed that it is a treaty of reciprocal advan-
tages; therefore the Canadas are benefited.
Now then, sir, suppose that it shall be taken
as an interpretation of this act of ours in Great
Britain and the Canadas that we are offended at
their conduct toward us; against what party in
the Canadas and in Great Britain have we taken
the offense? Is it against the enlightened and
liberal friends that we have there, whom we ap-
preciate, and who have accepted and performed
the rule of justice toward us? Certainly not. If
we feel offense at any party in the provinces and
in GreatBritain, itis against the governing power,
it is against the power that has done acts of in-
justice against us; and if we take this action by
way of vindicating ourselves, shall it not rather
be held by our friends there that the abrogation
of this treaty, and thus the deprivation of the ad-
vantages that it confers upon the Canadian peo-
ple and these provinces, is the result of the in-
justice of the governing party in Great Britain to-
ward us? And will not our frionds in Great Brit-
ain and the Canadas be able to say, "This would
not have been done in all human probability but
for your overtacts of injustice toward the Ameri-
can people, who, in a spirit of enlightened lib-
erality, agreed to let our products into the market
of their great country while there was confess-
edly no icciprocity in the arrangement?" It ap-
pears to mc that the advantage and the argument
are all in the hands of our friends in Great Britain
and the Canadas, and not in the hands of our en-
emies.
But, sir, no man professes that we are governed
by vengeance in this matter. Itisaduty we owe
to the industries of our country to give noticefor
the abrogation of this treaty, that we may enter,
if it is to be rearranged, upon the question of rear-
rangement, and that the next arrangement may
be more favorable or just to American interests
than the one now in existence.
Mr. President, permit me to say here that I am
no great advocate,and I doubt whether I evercan
be, of the system of determining and fixing the
industrial policies of the country by means of
treaties. 1 mean taking out of the hands of the
legislative and executive authorities of the country
the means of establishing policies by arranging
them in the form of treaties to last for ten years or
through all time, no matter how prejudicial these
treaties may be to us. I prefer rather that the coun-
tries of the earth, and we also, shall retain within
themselves the power to fix their own policies so
that they may adjust them from time to time upon
the basis of the rieeds and necessities of their own
people; for, sir, I do not believe that the millennial
season has yet come upon the earth; 1 believe
every nation pursues that which it thinks is its
own best policy. Witness the policy of Great
Butain upon the Pacific const. While we are
treated to this so-called reciprocity policy on the
Atlantic coast by Great Britain and her colonies,
we see a free port established by Great Britain at
Victoria, on the Pacific, directly under our nose
at Sail Francisco, where the industries of all na-
tions abroad may send their products free of duty,
and keep them there and make an English mar-
ket to which consumers on the entire Pacific
ocean, north and south, may come and buy and
supply themselves. She proposes to make Vic-
toria to the consumers on the Pacific what Lon-
don is to the world now, by means of its capital,
by means of its preeminence, and its long-con-
tinued preeminence, namely, a world's market,
where every man on the earth who desires to buy
anything, no matter what, may go to buy with a
certainty of finding it there. So they are under-
taking now to establish by means of another policy,
that of a free port on the Pacific, an English mar-
ket, a market to which the buyeis may go and
find what they want for consumption. England
in this pursues what is her own best policy. Let
us in regard to our interests pursue what is our
own best policy.
I did not intend, Mr. President, to continue
this discussion. I do not believe that what I have
to say is ncccssary to change a vote, or that it
could change a vote; I believe that the feeling
here is pretty general on one side of the question;
but I felt that m explanation of my vote I might
submit these views m regard to the question,and
particularly have I been incited to do it by reason
of the claim set up that if we give this notice it is
to be used as an argument against us in a na-
tional point of view in Great Britain. I think it
will have the contrary effect, that our duty to
ourselves demands that we shall give the notice,
and that its effect can be nothing else than bene-
ficial to us abroad.
Mr. WILSON. When this treaty was nego-
tiated, it was believed to be for the general interests
of the country, and in Massachusetts it was
especially believed to be for our fishing, manu-
facturing, commercial, and railroad interests. I
have ever been in favor of the treaty, and up to
this time could never have been induced to vote
against it. I am not clear now that it is not for
the interests of the State I in part represent to let
it stand. I am inclined to think that it is for our
interest that the treaty should stand as it now
does. For the interests of the whole country, I
am of the opinion that it ought to bo modified or
perhaps abrogated.
On a question of so much importance as this,
after listening to this debate, I do not like to vote
against gentlemen who have studied the question
so carefully; and I do not desire to give a vote
here that may be supposed to be against the gen-
eral interests of the country, and especially against
the interest pf my own immediatelocality. There
is with us, there ever has been, a very strong feel-
ing in favor of the treaty. That opinion is now
undergoing a change, I think, in view of its work-
ings during the last three or four years. I know
it to be the wish of some persons who have stud-
ied this subject and who have taken a great deal
of interest in it, that we should propose to mod-
ify the treaty instead of abrogating it. The Sen-
ator from Vermont [Mr. Collamer] thinks that
to be a very poor mode of reaching the result we'
desire. Well, sir, suppose that instead of modi-
fying it, when we give this notice we also propose
the appointment of a commission to negotiate a
new treaty upon a fair basis; would not that look
friendly, would it notlookas though we had acted
for our own interest, and at the same time believed
that a good treaty would be for the interest of
both countries ? Believing that, 1 have prepared
an amendment in the form of a second section to
this resolution, which I propose to offer whenever
it shall be in order. I know that those who have
the care of tiiis measuie and who have advocated
it, have suggested that we need make 110 such prop-
osition; that such a proposition would probably
come from England; but at the same time, having
always been a friend to the treaty, haying made
up my mind under the debate now pending to vote
for its abrogation, I desire to offer an amendment
proposing the appointment of commissioners to
meet commissioners appointed by England to ne-
gotiate a treaty upon a proper basis. I feel,con-
strained, in view of the opinions I have always
entertained on the subject and the vote lam about
to give, to move that amendment, which 1 nowdo.
It is to add to the resolution the following provis-
ion :
And whereas it is desirable that friendly relations should
continue between the United states and the British prov-
inces in Nouh America, and that commercial intercourse
should l>e hereafter earned on between them based upon
true principles of reciprocity : Therefore,
Beit further resolved, That the President of the United
States be, ami he is hereby, authorized, by and with tile ad-
vice and consent of the Senate, to appoint three commis-
sioners to confer with persons duly authonzed by Great
Britain to negotiate a new trealy which shall be recipro-
cally beneficial aiid satisfaetoiy to both countries.
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ci.ark in
the chair.) An amendment to the joint resolu-
tion is not in order at the present time, the joint
resolution having gone to its third reading, and
the question now being 011 the motion to commit.
Mr. POMEROY. I suppose it would be in
order to reconsider the vote ordering the resolu-
tion to a third reading, so as to allow an amend-
ment to be received.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A motion to
reconsider will be in order after the motion to
refer has been put.
Mr. COWAN. I rise to say but a single word.
I am in favor of the proposition before the Sen-
ate; and I am in favor of it for this single reason,
that I have discovered that by this treaty wo have
been deprived of our power of taxation over the
products ofourown country forrevenuepurposes,
and I have therefore come to the conclusion that
I would advocate its abrogation. That is all I
have to say on the subject at this time.
Mr. RIDDLE. I desire to say but a word in
relation to this question, as I voted in the other
House against a proposition to abrogate this treaty
and am now about to change that vote. Before
casting my vote, I will say that I shall vote for
the proposition of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire to commit this resolution to the Finance
Committee, believing that the wisdom of that com-
