1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
990
record; for on their soundness I am willing to'be
judged.
Mr. KERNAN. Mr. Speaker, the bill under
consideration provides—
That neither the people nor the Legislature of any State,
the people of which were declared to be in insurrection
against the United States by the proclamation of the Pres-
ident, dated August 36, 1861, shall hereafter elect Rep-
resentatives or Senators to the Congress of the United
States until the President, by 'proclamation^ shall have de-
clared that armed hostility to the Government of the United,
States within such State has ceased; nor until the people*of
such State shall have adopted a constitution of government
not repugnant to the Constitution and laws of thS United
States; nor until, by a law of Congress, such State shall
have been declared to be entitled to representation in the
Congress of the United Stales of America.
The chairman of the Committee orytte Judi-
ciary claims that we have power to pa^gfcis bill
under section four of article one of the "Consti-
tution. That section declares that—
"The times, places,and mannerof holding elections for
Senators and Representatives shall be piesciibed in each
State by the Legislature thereof; b it the Congress may
at any time by law make or alter such regulations, except
as to the places of choosing Senators."
Sir, I deny that this confers the power claimed.
I deny that, under the power to make regulations
as to time, places, or manner of holding elections,
we can prohibit the people of a State from hold-
ing an election of Senators and Representatives
until the President shall permit an election to be
held. This is the purport of the proposed law.
Authority to make regulations was not intended
to and does not give Congress the power to pro-
hibit any election under any regulation. This
bill declares that neither the people nor the Legis-
lature of any State which has been declared to be
in insurrection shall hereafter elect Representa-
tives or Senators to the Congress of the United
States, until the President, by proclamation, shall
have declared that armed hostility to the Govern-
ment of the United States in such State has ceased.
If we can rightfully do this, we can enact a law
that they never shall elect Senators or Represent-
atives until the President issues a proclamation
saying that they may do so. It is equivalent to
doing this when, by this bill, we declare that cer-
tain States shall not elect until the President shall
declare that armed hostility has ceased. No Pres-
ident should be intrusted with such power if Con-
gress had authority to grant it. But Congress has
not the power—it is well that it has not—to pro-
hibita State from sending its Representatives here
until after the President shall have declared that
it may. The President, acting up to the letter
and spirit of this law, if it shall be enacted, might
prohibit elections when, I am sure, every Union
man would desire that elections should be held
and Representatives sent here. According to this
bill, so long as a guerrilla band is in the State,
the Presidentmay truthfully refuse to declare that
armed hostility toward theUnited States has ceased.
I insist that if to-morrow the State of Georgia,
or any other of these States, should through its
organized government, the Legislature and Gov-
ernor, disavow the ordinance of secession, and
declare itself in favor of the Union and against
the rebellion, its Representatives here should be
received. Is there any Union man in the coun-
try who would not welcome its Representatives
here? No. And yet if we pass this bill we say
that they shall not elect Representatives in the
contingencies I have mentioned. Such legisla-
tion tends to defer the restoration of the Union and
peace, and to perpetuate the war. If, therefore,
we have authority to enact such a law it should
not be enacted. Our policy should be to induce,
by all proper measures, the people of these States
to lay down their arms and renew their constitu-
tional connection with the Federal Government
by sending Senators and Representatives to Con-
gress under and in accordance with the Consti-
tution. We should in no way repel or embarrass
such action on their part; we should invite it.
We should pass no law by which it is declared
that this House shall not receive as Representa-
tives Union men elected by the Union men of one
of these States unless the President shall have
authorized their election.
Again, by another provision of this bill there
can be no election of Senators or Representatives
in either of these States until after an act of Con-
gress has been passed declaring that the State is
entitled to representation in the Congress of the
United States. Why, sir, no enabling act passed
by -Congress is required to empower the people
of these States to elect Senators and Representa-
tives. These States are in the Union. The peo-
ple, or a majority of them, are in rebellion against
the authority of the Constitution of the United
States; they refuse to submit to the United States
Government, and have declined to send Represent-
atives to take part in its administration. When
they desist from their rebellious and treasonable
acts and return to their allegiance they have a
right under the Constitution to elect and send
here their Representatives; and when these Repre-
sentatives present themselves, each House by the
Constitution is to judge of the election and quali-
fications of those demanding admission. Each
House is to judge for itself. Neither is to con-
sult the other or the President. But if wc pass
this law and obey it this House cannot admit
Representatives from one of these States, although
we may be satisfied they are loyal to the Consti-
tution and were properly elected by loyal Union
constituencies, because the Senate and President,
or even the latter, did not or would not assent to
an act of Congress enabling the people of the
State to hold an election. Neither House should
or rightfully can surrender its constitutional right
and duty to exclusively judge of and determine
as to the election and qualifications of those ask-
ing admission as members. We should enact no
law by which the action or assent of the Presi-
dent is made necessary to the admission of Rep-
resentatives to this body or the Senate. Execu-
tive power and influence have increased to an
alarming degree. I fear they are increasing, and
I believe they should be diminished. Let ^s not
then by act of Congress put it in the power of the
Executive to say whether or not States shall be
represented in Congress.
The proposed legislation is in my judgment
unwise in reference to the present condition of
these insurrectionary States. We should take
no action which shall tend to prevent, embarrass,
or discourage the people of these States or any
portion of them, whenever they are disposed to
submit to the Constitution and laws, from elect-
ing and sending Representatives to Congress. I
shall rejoice to see them do so. I believe the
friends of the Union everywhere will rejoice to
see this evidence of the restoration of the Union
under the Constitution; this evidence of Union
sentiment among these people; this evidence that
the war is drawing to an end and that union and
peace among our people will soon be restored.
As my friend from Kentucky [Mr. Mallory]
has well said, we should discard all these unwise
reconstruction schemes, these schemes for pre-
scribing conditions as to the return of the people
of these States to the Union under the Constitu-
tion, and allow matters to remain as they are, so
far as legislation on the subject is concerned.
At least there should be no legislation apparently
hostile to their return. We should wait and deal
with the people of each State and their Repre-
sentatives when the case arises for our action,
and should not attempt by act of Congress to
prescribein advance any unbending rule of policy
or action on this subject. Certainly wisdom for-
bids that we should declare that the people of
these States sh'all not hold elections for Senators
or Representatives, and send them here to take
part in the councils of the Union as Union men,
until they have complied with conditions, not re-
quired by the Constitution, which we prescribe.
I believe the cause of the Union, and the cause
of peace based on the Union, which all parties
desire so earnestly, will not be promoted by the
passage of this bill, or by the policy sought to
be inaugurated by a portion of the party in power
by the passage of this and similar acts. On the
contrary, in my judgment, we should manifest
a willingness on our part to receive into Con-
gress the Representatives of the people of any
State, so soon as we arc satisfied that they rep-
resent the people of that State, and that the peo-
ple of that State, or a majority of them, are op-
posed to the rebellion, willing to submit to the
Constitution and laws made in pursuance of it,
and in favor of peace based upon the Union under
that Constitution. When they are thus disposed
1 am in favor of admitting their Representatives
here and of allowing them to administer their
State governments and local matters with all the
rights enjoyed and exercised by the people of
the other States.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. POMEROY. Mr. Speaker, my first ob-
jection to tins bill is that, so far from fixing a time
at which an election may be held, it simply pre*
scribes conditions precedent to the holding of an
election. It fixes no time whatever, but it pre-
scribes that certain things shall occur before any
election shall be held. Now, it is as much within
the power of Congress to prescribe that no elec-
tion shall be held within the State of New York,
except by proclamation of the President, and call
that fixing a time for an election within the State
of New York. ,
But there is another, and'with Hie it is the prin-
cipal, objection to this legislation. I sympathize
fully with the object which the Committee on the
Judiciary have in view. I wish as much as they
wish- that the time may never come when the
States now in rebellion shall again be represented
under the constitutions which formerly existed in
those States.
I believe that all those constitutions have, by
the act of the people of those States, been sub-
verted, are now of no force, and never again can
be in force, unless new life be breathed into them
through the same instrumentality by which they
were overthrown. I believe that as fully as the
chairman of the Judiciary Committee; and I de-
sire as much as he does to see the new state of
things which will come when slavery shall be
wiped out from the seceded States. But my ob-
jection to this legislation is that our action upon
this whole subject is purely and entirely judicial.
The initiative in reorganizing those States is with
their people, and not with the Congress of the
United States. The people of those States, in
whatever way they may elect, whether through
some constituted bodies, through conventions le-
gally organized, through legislative action which
shall meet the approbation of the people of the
States—in whatever way they choose, they may
restore political order under such constitutions
as they see fit. Under those constitutions they
maysend Representatives to this House, and they
may send Senators to the other. When those
Representatives come here, and not till then, are
we called upon to determine whether the consti-
tutions under which they come heie are repub-
lican in form and recognize the supreme author-
ity of the Constitution of the United States, and
whether those Representatives l^ve been legally
elected, and have the qualifications required by
the Constitution of the United States. I am not,
for my part, disposed to anticipate the fruits of
this rebellion.
Mr. H1GBY. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him n question ?
Mr. POMEROY. Certainly.
Mr. 11IGBY. 1 would like to know whether the
gentleman is in favor of allowing any one of the
States now conceded to be in rebellion, and that
has had no representation in either end of this
Capitol for the last four years, to come back here
with the same number of Representatives that it
had when it entered upon tlws rebellion, without
regard to its present population.
Mr. POMEROY. I will say to the gentleman
that if, while I have a seat in this body, any Rep-
resentative should come here from any one of
those States, 1 will endeavor to judicially deter-
mine the question whether he has been constitu-
tionally elected, and has the qualifications re-
quired by the Constitution. That is all I am
called upon to determine. I will not undertake
to declare to-day by legislation what a year or
two years hence 1 will judicially determine. Act-
ing in a legislative capacity I cannot bind my own
judgment upon this question; much less can I un-
dertake to bind the judgment of anybody else.
What I claim (and it is all that I claim) is that
those States have to-day a right to send Represent-
atives here. I should not vote to admit Repre-
sentatives from those States unless I believed them
to represent a loyal sentiment within those States
sufficient to preserve there political order. When-
ever any man comes here to represent such a po-
litical sentiment I will vote for his admission with-
out regard to the manner in which the State con-
stitution under which he comes, may have been
inaugurated. It is sufficient fur me to know that
he is a lepr^sentative of the loyal sen'iment of
that Stntp, and comes here under o State consti-
tution which is m harmony with the Constitution
of the United States.
Mr. COX. Mr, Speaker, the proposition of
