1002
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
Sec. 11. .And be it further enacted, That when the con-
vention shall have adopted those provisions, it "ball pro-
ceed to reestablish a republican form of government, and
otdam a cojittiiutiun containing those provisions, which,
when adopted, the convention *liail by ordinance provide
fot Submitung'to the people of the State entitled to vote
under tins law, at an election to be held in the manner
prescribed by the act for the election of delegates, but at a
time and place named by the convention, at which elec-
tion the said electors, and none other, shall vote directly
for or agaiiint such constitution and form of State govern-
ment. And the returns of said election shall be made to
the provisional governor, who shall canvass tile same, and
if a majority of the votes cast siiail be for the constitution
and form ot' government, lie shall certify the same, with a
copy thereof, to the Piesident of the United States, who,
after obtaining the assent of Congress, by act or joint reso-
lution, shall, by proclamation, recognize the government
so established, and none other, as the constitutional gov-
ernment of tlie State; and from the date of such recognition,
and not before, Senators and ltepiesentatives and electors
for Piesident and Vice President may be elected in sueli
State, according to the laws of the State and of the United
States.
Sec. 13. Jlnd. be it further enacted, That if the conven-
tion shall refuse to reestablish the State governmenton the
conditions aforesaid, the provisional governor shall declare
itdissolved; but it shall be the duty of the President, when-
ever lie shall have reason to believe that a sufficient num-
ber of the people of the State entitled to vote under tins
act. in number not less than a majority of those enrolled as
aforesaid, aie willing to reestablish a State government on
the conditions atoresaid, to direct the provisional governor
to order another election of delegates to a convention lor
the puipo=e and in the manner prescribed in this act, and
to proceed in all respects as hereinbefore provided, either
to dissolve the convention or to certify tlie State govern-
ment reestablished by it to the President.
Sec. 13. Jind be it further enacted, That if the persons
exercising the functions of Governor and Legislature under
the rebel usurpation in any State heretofore declared to be
in rebellion shall, before armed resistance to the national
Government is suppressed in such State, submit to the au-
thority of the United States, and take tlie oath to support
tile Constitution of the United States, and adopt by law
the third provision prescnbed m the eighth section of this
act, and ratify the amendment to the Constitution of the
United States proposed by Congress to tlie Legislatures of
the several States oil the 31-st day of January, anno Domini
J.sfj,). repeal all ordinances and laws inconsistent with
the Constitution and laws of the United States, it shall be
lawful tor the President of the United States to recognize
the said Governor and Legislature as the lawful State gov-
ernment of such State; and to certify the fact to Congress
for its recognition: Provided, That nothing herein con-
tained shall operate to disturb the boundary lines of any
State heretofore recognized by and nowrepiesented in the
Congress ol the United States.
Mr. MALLORY. I rise to a question of order.
So far as I can remember, and my memory is
pretty good, the amendment just read is iden-
tical, verbatim et literatim, with the bill offered by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Ashley,] and
which was laid on the table yesterday. 1 now
raise the question of order that that bill having
been laid on the table it is not in order to offer it
now as an amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that
there have been several changes made in the bill;
one in the fifth section by inserting the word
" white" before the words " male citizen;" which
is an important change. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. K.ELLEY. I appeal to the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Ashley] to yield for a moment
that I may submit an amendment to strike out the
word "white" in the fifth section. I will ask"
him to accept that amendment.
Mr. ASHLEY. Personally I would have no
objection to that; but I have been instructed by
the committee to insert that word. If I could
have a separate vote upon it, which I desire very
much, I would vote to strike out the word
" white."
The SPEAKER. That would not be in order,
for there is already an amendment pending.
Mr. ASHLEY. Mr. Speaker, I know how
anxious the House is to proceed witii the im-
portant business before the House, and there-
fore I will detain them but a few moments. I
very much desire the adoption of the amend-
ment which I have submitted. Had I consulted
my own wishes, I should not have inserted the
word " white," which will be found written in
the fifth section. I hope to get a vote on the
question of striking it out. 1 intend, however,
to vote for the amendment, if it is not stricken
out; for, as gentlemen will see, by referring to
flic seventh section, all colored citizens of the
United States of the a^e of twenty-one years, who
have been in the military or naval service of the
United Stares, will be authorized to vote at. tlie
election fur delegates to the State convention, and
they alone who vote for delegates to the conven-
tion will ba authorized to vote upon ths adop-
tion or rejection of the constitution which that
convention may submit to the people of the State,
when that convention shall have been held, and
a constitution formed. Thus I secure the right
of suffrage to two thirds, if not more, of all the
colored men who are in these rebel States, anu
by the provisions of this bill civil rights will be
equally secure to all men.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not think it necessary
to say whether a colored man ought to vote or
ought not. "Why not say simply " enroll the
citizens of the United States," without saying
anything about whether those who have served
in the Army or anywhere else shall be allowed
to vote? It seems to me that "citizens of the
United States" is the true phrase to employ, and
I hope the gentleman will agree to that. Let
the State itself decide who shall be its citizens.
Mr. ASHLEY. 1 would gladiy accept the
proposition of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens,] if the matter depended upon my
vote. The substitute which I had the honor to
submit on yesterday contained the proposition he
has suggested, as gentlemen will see by referring
to the printed bill. I could not, however, prevent
the adoption of the previous question on the bill
reported by the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Wil-
son,] and thus have my amendment cut off, unless
I consented to insert the word "white." To get
my amendment before the House I consented to
insert the word " white." 1 did so, however, with
the understanding that I might yield to 'my friend
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kellev,] to move to
strike the word out, so we might have a direct
vote on that proposition.
I want a record made on this question. I do
not expect to pass this bill now. At the nextses-
sion, when a new Congress fresh from the peo-
ple shall have assembled, with the nation and
its Representatives far in advance of the present
Congress, I hope to pass even a better bill. Sir,
I know that the loyal people of this country will
never be guilty of the infamy of inviting the loyal
blacks to unite with them in fighting our battles,
and after our triumph—a triumph which we never
could have achieved but for their generous coop-
eration and aid—deny these loyal blacks political
rights while consenting that pardoned but nnre-
pentant white rebels shall again be clothed with
the entire political power of these States.
Failing to secure the adoption of the amend-
ment as printed, I desire as a practical man to
secure the next best thing, and that is, the decla-
ration here, on the part of the Congress of the
United States, that the people of no rebel State
shall hold a convention and frame a constitution
which does not contain in it a provision securing
the civil rights of these people. And even if the
word " white" is not stricken out of the fifth
section I secure by the provision of the seventh
section to every colored citizen of the United
States, who now is or who has been in the mili-
tary or naval service of the United States, the
right to vote first for delegates to a convention,
and then upon the constitution which that con-
vention may adopt and submit to the people for
their ratification or rejection.
Mr. DAWES. I am very much astonished
that my friend from Ohio [Mr. Ashley] should
offer this amendment, inserting the word " white"
in the manner proposed.
Mr. ASHLEY. 1 have no doubt that my
friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] is very
much astonished and shocked; but I would re-
mind htm thatl have just explained at length the
reasons which induced me to offer the substitute
with the word " white" to which he objects. I
hope when the vote is taken the gentlenjpn from
Massachusetts will vote to strike out as I shall.
.Mr. COX. My colleague [Mr. Ashlev] has
a great deal of influence in this House; he is the
chairman of a committee; and I want to under-
stand from him distinctly his position on this
question. 1 understand that personally he is in
favor of the negro, but as a committee man he is
in favor of the white man. [Laughter.] Now,
I want the gentleman to explain to this House
why it is that he will not yield the door to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kellev] to
offer an amendment which conforms to his own
political policy. Why is it that he is willing,as
he says, if he cannot get the negro, to take the
j white man as the next best thing? [Laughter.]
Mr. ASHLEY. If the gentleman had been
paying attention to the business of the House he
would have learned that the Speaker had decided
that my friend from Pennsylvania who desired
the floor to offer his amend mem could not offer
it, because there was already pending an amend-
ment to an amendment.
Mr. COX. Well, Mr. Speaker, my colleague
can accept this amendment if he chooses. After
the gentleman has made these colored people go
into the Army and expose their lives for their
country, and after all his professions of regard
for them, I ask whether he is willing now to stab
theyi under the fifth rib, and deprive them of the
privilege of voting. The gentleman has the mat-
ter now in his power.
Mr. ASHLEY. If the gentleman will look at
the seventnsection, he will see that it secures to
every colored mhn who is now or has been in the
military or naval service of the United States the
right of suffrage.
Mr. COX. Then what does the gentleman
from Pennsylvania want?
Mr. ASHLEY. He wants to make it univer-
sal, as 1 do. If there is to be any limitation of
the right of suffrage in the reorganization of the
rebel State governments,for one 1 am determined
that it shall not be one of caste, of color, of na-
tionality. If there is to be any restriction let it
be one of intelligence, and let no man vote unless
he can read in the English language the Consti-
tution of the United States.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I think we all want
to go on the record upon all the questions involved
here, and I desire that everybody shall he accom-
modated. Now, aa this bill as reported back with
amendments is substantially the same as the ori-
ginal bill, though varying in form, I propose that,
by common consent, it be treated as the original
text. Then the substitute of my friend from Ohio
will stand as the first amendment; and my friend
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] can move his
amendment.
Several Members. That is right.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
bill as amended by the committee will be treated
as the original text.
There was no objection.
Mr. KELLEY. I move to amend by striking
out the word "white" in the eighth line of the
fifth section.
Mr. ASHLEY. I call the previous question
upon the amendment and the amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania. I move that
the bill, with the pending amendments, be laid on
the table.
Several Members. Oh, withdraw that.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania. I will with-
draw my motion with the understanding that we
shall have a direct vote upon the amendment of
my colleague from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley.]
Mr. BLAIR. I move that the bill and amend-
ments be laid on the table; and on that motion I
ask the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
1 The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 80, nays 65, not voting 37;
as follows:
YEAS — Messrs*. Jaroes C. AU^n, Ancona, Anderson,
Baily, Blair, Bli?s, Brooks, William G. Brmv'n, Cbanlfr,
Clay,Cobb, Cox. Craven*,Daive<. Dawson. Denton.
Edgerton, Eidridge, Ktigludj, Fmck.Gaiwon,(_«oo<?b. Grid'T,
Griswold, Hail, Harding, Hamilton, Benjamin G. Harri.^,
Charts M. Hams, Hernek, Hulmau, Jlurehin-, Kalb-
fleisdi, Ka??on, Kernan, Knapp, hnw. Lazear. l,«; Blond,
Long, Mallory, Marcy, Marvin, MeKianey,
William H. Miller, Jamc* 1*. Morris, Morrison, Nelson,
Noble, Qdeli, i'endleton, Pern, i'ske, I'omcroy. Pruyn,
Radford, Samuel J. Randall, William II. Kan da IK Alexan-
der H, Rice, Roger--!, Jamf" Rollins, Ro<«, rtunfiK John
B. Steele, William G• Steele, Snlo-, ckrotw, j^iuart,
Townsend, Tracy, Yoorheo, \V id-worth, William B.
Wat-libutn, Whaiey, Wheeler, VYjtjftcid, Fernando vVyod,
and Yoaman—80.
NAYS—Mfs^rs. Allison, Ami1?, Ashley, John 1 . Bald-
j win, Baxter, Beaman, Blow, Uouuv< U. ]>t )d, iSnimif'cce,
i Broomall, Ambrose W. Mark, Co!**, IL-nry VYmter Davin,
't Demm«, Dixon, DonnrHy. Drieg-, Dumont, 15< kiey, lihm,
| Garfitdd, Grimiel*. lli£hy, fJoup<*r, AsahW W. Iluhbaid,
j John H. HubbardfPBuibuul, In^rM)!!, Jfttek^sKeiiey. <>r
i iando KeHojjq, Kn x, LilUejohn, Loan, Loissjyar, Mc-
] Bride, McCfnrg, JSaniuel F. Miliar, Mooibead, Merrill,
! Daniel Morris, A mas Mu'rrf, Leonard Myws, Clnrh-s
j O'Neill, Onh. iVjjhim. i'nee, Johu II-Km-'*, Edward H.
1 Rofhh-;, Heiionek. SooOHd, Shannon, 3I* ati, SnnllMT*,
j <S .irr, rUoyen-j. Thayer, Lpion, Van Vatk^nbureh, Kldm B.
; VVa-liburne, VVilhama, Wilder, WtUon, and Woodbndge
i —
I NOT VOTING—VVIWftm -L AH<*n, Alley, Ar-
j ftoirf, Atigunras Baldwin, Jam«-* Brown, f'reo-
