1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
23:7
greatness, which will be forever an ally to this Re-
public, and its warm andunflinchingfriend. We
can do it and we will do it. And Napoleon had
better look well to his interests in Mexico, and
Maximilian had better beware of the fate that
awaits him.
You have heard the hue and cry of the fanatical
pro-slavery men in the country, that these aboli-
tionists in Congress, these northern men, these
suddenly converted men from the South, who have<
come out in favor of the abolition of slavery, are
in favor of miscegenation, amalgamation, associa-
tion, and all that kind of thing. Now, sir, if I
believed that there was in this country a man
with so little sense as to believe that he would be-
come the equal of the negro, notwithstanding the
laws of this country, notwithstanding the protec-
tion he can obtain from Congress, then I would
be willing to vote for a resolution to give him two
medals, one to be worn before and the other be-
hind, with the inscription upon them, " lam afraid
of the negro, and here is my sign, stuck out
prominently, that I am not to be considered the
equal of the negro."
Mr. Speaker, in my judgment there never was
a sounder or a more philosophical truth com-
municated by any man than that of the President
of the United States, when he wrote to Colonel
Hodges, ofFrankfort, Kentucky, that" if slavery
is not wrong, nothing is wrong." Whatever
may have been my opinion four years ago, I
am not, so far as that opinion is concerned, to be
questioned for the opinion that I entertain now.
You may, if you please, look at our country in
18G0—a magnificent and a beautiful country; one
of happiness and of plenty, one where the people
mingled and commingled togetheras people of one
nation,, with a common purpose and a common
end.
But there was one principle in this Government
which had more to do with the destruction of sla-
very than all things else put together. The Con-
stitution declares that every citizen of the United
States shall have equal privileges in every other
State. That principle was denied to the whole
North by the South unless the man adhered to
the sentiments of the South. The very fact that
slavery could not be discussed in the South killed
. it. The very fact that men from the North cotild
not go to the South and speak their real senti-
ments induced the people of the North to become
bitter toward the institution. Now, when this
revolution shall have been closed, when this re-
bellion shall have been put down, my judgment
is that that principle of the Constitution will not
become fully established until the man from
Massachusetts can speak out his true opinions in
the State of South Carolina, and the man of Mis-
sissippi shall be heard without interruption in
Pennsylvania. That is a glorious principle to
fight for; and if we can accomplish it, with a uni-
ted country, with a united people, with a people
of one common purpose, we can all say that the
war has not been in vain; that we have suffered
much, thatwe have expended much, yet the great
principle of the freedom of man has been accom-
plished by the war.
If slavery is not wrong, then what is wrong?
It prevented a man from speaking his sentiments
in the South. Go ask the South why they se-
ccded,and the answer will be, to establish sla-
very. Go travel over this vast country and wit-
ness the thousands and thousands of new-made
giaves, and ask what caused them, and the
answer will be, slavery. Go ask the tax-payer of
this country why he is to-day called upon to pay
such heavy taxes to support the armies of the
Government and to conduct this great war against
the rebellion, and the answer comes back to us
from every one, slavery is the cause. Why are
we wrangling in Congress to-day upon this sub-
ject,if slavery is not wrong? Why does the con-
scientiousness of every man in this country accept
as the truth that slavery is wrong?
If it is right, if it is apostolic, if it is according
to Scripture and of divine origin, then why are
not men convinced of the truth of that? We all
know that slavery will resist the Government, will
ftp-lit against the Government, until it is destroyed
and abolished from the whole extent of our coun-
try. And the man who now stands up for this
obnoxious, and abominable, and nefarious doc-
trine of State rights is not the Union man that
was found in 1860, or even the Union man found
so far back as 1831 and 1832. Sir, I would give
all the States their full rights. 1 would give each
State and each individual all the rights that can
be demanded from the Constitution, and I am
thankful to believe that the principle which will
be promoted and established by the prosecution
of this war will be that this is to be one country,
and one Government, for one people; a Govern-
ment over all the States, free and independent
States, but each State owing allegiance to the
Government of the United States.
My opinion is that whenever a State undertakes
to rebel,and to violate a single law of the United
States, it is the duty of the Government of the
United States to coerce that State, and force her
to obedience, even at the point of the bayonet.
That was the doctrine which was preached when
our Constitution was formed. In the letter which
was addressed, by the members of the Conven-
tion that framed that Constitution, to the people
of the United States, asking them to adopt that
Constitution, the very idea of consolidation was
recommended as an argument in its favor, in order
that we might have a strong and powerful Gov-
ernment. What is that recommendation ?
" In all our deliberations on this subject we kept stead-
ily in our view that which appears to us tlie greatest interest
ot' every true American—the consolidation of our Union—
in winch is involved our prosperity, felicity, safety; per-
haps our national existence. This important consideration
seriously and amply impressed on ourmmds led each State
in the Convention to he less rigid on points of inferior mag-
nitude than might have been otherwise expected."
Now, sir, there was the doctrine of consolida-
tion, preached by the fathers of the Government,
by the framers of the Constitution. Those men
believed that the power existed in the Govern-
ment to execute ail the laws enacted by the Gov-
ernment, and that when the Government was
formed the States gave up everything comrected
with sovereignty; there was nothing of it left in
a single State. Therefore the idea that a feeble,
insignificant State has the right to oppose a Fed-
eral law, a law of the nation, is obnoxious and
abominable, leads to war and destruction and
anarchy. It is a doctrine under which we cannot
maintain the Government.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COX obtained the floor.
Mr. L. MYERS. I hope that, by unanimous
consent, the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Smith] will be allowed to proceed.
A Member. For how long?
Mr. L. MYERS. For fifteen minutes.
There was no objection.
Mr. SMITH. 1 regard the present condition
of our country in a different light from many men
who have spoken in this House. I believe that
the union of the States is an inevitable result of
the war. I believe that just so certainly as these
States were united under the original compact be-
tween our fathers, just so certainly will they, by
the blood which is now being spilt, be brought
back to a stronger union, a more surely perpet-
ual union,  nd a more glorious union than it was
before. I believe that all the wrangling, all the
dis'affection, all the discord which has existed
heretofore, making the North a section and the
South a section, inducing war, civil war, bloody
war, will be done away with forever. We are
just beginning to realize and develop the resources
of this country; we are just beginning to exhibit
the richness of our soil; wo are just beginning to
show the rapidity with which our commerce is
to be extended, and our population increased; for
nothing is more remarkable than that, in the
midst of this great and terrible conflict, when
every nun is expected to go in and assist in the
war, our statistics show that the emigration from
Europe is as great as at any preceding time. The
whole world is looking upon the action of the
United States to-day. England, Franco, Russia,
and other nations have at one move emancipated
all the slaves in their respective dominions. Ken-
tucky and the other States of this Union in which
slavery is maintained will, ere long, by a similar
grand act, decree emancipation, so that there will
be no slavery within the borders of our country.
Then shall we be a great people, a proud people,
a prosperous people. Then shall we go on and
develop the resources of the country, and show
ourselves a nation such as no people upon the
face of the earth have ever seen before. Sir, this
will be a country of civilization, a country of ed-
ucation, a country of religion, a country of refine-
ment, a country of great men and great women,
a country which will command the respect and
admiration of the whole civilized world.
Gentlemen upon the other side say that we had
better beware how we act; that we had better not
be revolutionary ourselves; that it is impossible
to produce harmoniousness between the North
and the South. I tell gentlemen who thus speak
that they know nothing of the South. They have
been educated and trained alone in the North.
They know nothing of the genius of the people
of the South. Though those people have been
deluded and led astray, and thus induced to enter
into this great conflict, yet, when they shall have
been once well chastised, when they shall have
been brought back to the strict obedience to the
law, they will be as acquiescent as any people
upon the face of the earth. It is their character;-
it is their disposition. Men who would favor the
separation of the Government, men who act to-
day under the idea that the South is to be inde-
pendent, might as well abandon that opinion,and
promptly give their adhesion to the Government
in all its actions for putting down the rebellion.
Just so certainly as we sit here to-day, shall we
ere many years have every State in this Union
represented upon this floor as a free State, and as
a part of this great Confederation. Louisiana
and Arkansas stand knocking to-day; Tennessee
will be here shortly. Other States are coming on.
Georgia has manifested a disposition to loyalty
that no one expected before General Sherman
marched through that State and occupied Savan-
nah.
You may say that these defeats of the rebels,
the occupation of all these places by our forces,
mean nothing. Does the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Pendleton,] who spoke yesterday of our
victories, mean to say that they accomplish noth-
ing toward the restoration of the Union? That
southern soil will never be given up, the country
around Richmond will never be given up by our
gallant soldiers. If it should be the disposition
of any of the departments of the Government to
yield that soil, they must first go and consult the
soldiery who have marched over that land and
made it sacred by every step they have made
toward the subjugation of the South. Go and
ask the army of the Potomac if they will yield
the sacred battle-fields on which they have fought.
Ask them whether they will retire and leave that
Virginia soil to be a part and parcel of the south-
ern confederacy, and each man who wears the
uniform of the nation will point to a new-made
graveandsay, " Here lies my comrade; this land
is made sacred by his blood and his bones; and
it never shall be surrendered to traitors." Go to
the soldiers of the army of the Cumberland, who
were with General Sherman in his glorious march
to Atlanta, passing through a country every foot
of which was contested for one hundred and fifty
miles, and ask those soldiers whether they will
retire and yield that territory to the southern
confederacy. No, sir; the proud soldiers bf the
West, the brave soldiers of the North, all the
gallant soldiers of the Union will point to the last
resting-places of their comrades and say, " This
land has been made sacred by these noble deaths;
it is ours; we will keep and maintain it, and here
with God's help we will defend it or lie cold and
helpless corpses."
We wiil never yield up this country. It is ours.
We intend to keep it. We intend to fight for it;
and if every man of our present armies is killed,
if they are vanquished and driven back, wo have
a million men more behind who will rise up,
take their place,and march down far South even
to utter annihilation. We do not intend to give
it up. We intend to bring it back. We intend
to make it one people, one nation, under one Con-
stitution, with one purpose, one common end,
the glory of the nation, the glory of our people,
the civilization of the land, the education and
Christianizing of mankind. Then we shall have
but one aim; all men shall be free; there shall be
union, and there shall be no divisions and dis-
sensions in the length and breadth of the whole
land.
Sir, it should be the highest incentive to every
American that we shall not act alone for to-day.
Instead of being controlled by self-interest, instead'
of looking to the luxuries surrounding us, we
ought to look forward to the myriads who are to
come after us. He, indeed, would be a selfish
