1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1003
man Clarke, Coffroth, Creswell, Thomas T. Davis, Farns-
worth, Fiank, Hale, Hotchkiss, Philip Johnson, William
Johnson, Julian, Francis W. Kellogg, King, McDowell,
Mclndoe, Middleton, Norton, John O'Neill, Patterson,
Robinson, Scott, Spalding, Sweat, Thomas, Ward, Web-
ster, (Jiulton A. White, Joseph W. White, Windom, Ben-
jamin Wood, and Worthington—37.
So the bill, with the pending amendments, was
laid on the table.
During the roll-call,
Mr. ORTH stated that his colleague, Mr. Ju-
lian, was absent on account of indisposition in
his family.
The result of the vote was announced as abpve
stated.
Mr. BLAIR moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill and amendments were laid on the
table; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NATURALIZATION LAWS.
Mr. BOUTWELL moved that the Committee
oil the Judiciary be discharged from the further
consideration of a resolution to amend the natu-
ralization laws, and that it be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
ENCOURAGEMENT OF ENLISTMENTS.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back Senate joint resolution
(No. 82) lo encourage enlistments and to pro-
mote the efficiency of the military forces of the
United States.
Mr. MALLORY. Does the gentleman believe
that Congress has the constitutional power to pass
such a law ?
Mr. WILSON. I answer the gentleman's
question with great pleasure. I have always be-
lieved that the Congress of the United States, in
' time of war, when it was necessary to make our
population most eifective for the purposes of war,
has the power, and has the power to liberate
slaves by congressional enactment. That may
be, and doubtless is, a doctrine different from that
entertained by many gentlemen in this body, but
it is not a new one to me. I will not take up time
of the House to refer to the opinions of many
able and very learned men who have acted, not
only in the Halls of Congress, but in other promi-
nent positions in this country, in relation to that
question.
Mr. MALLORY. I will ask the gentleman
from Iowa whether the learned chairman of the
Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate does
Dot differ from him?
Mr. WILSON. I will state that the learned
chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee does
differ from me; but I am happy to state that he is
not the only learned gentleman in that body, and
that a majority of the learned gentlemen in that
body concur with me, for the Senate passed this
bill.
. Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. Mr. Speaker,
with permission of the gentleman from Iowa I
will-say a few words on this measure before he
calls the previous question.
Mr. WILSON. I yield to the gentleman from
Maryland.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. Mr. Speaker, it
is very evident to me that the members of the
House on the other side are getting perfectly wild
on the subject of the negro.
Mr. WILSON. I think that we are getting
our senses.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. They have con-
tracted the disease called " nigger on the brain."
[Laughter.] In the space of not more than one
hour he has been served up for us in three or
four different forms, and in every shape in which
lie comes he is used for the purpose of dispara-
Pging and overthrowing the conceded and estab-
lished rights of the white man. This measure
is presented and is pressed on its passage under
a pretended necessity that the country wants the
services of the negro as a soldier, and as payment
in part for his haying become a soldier, or as an
inducement for his enlistment as #ch, and that,
too, while you are rejoicing over what you sup-
pose to be the perfect overthrow of those whom
you are pleased to call " rebels." 1 do not be-
lieve that it is for the purpose of supplying sol-
diers to the United States that measures such as
this are introduced. I am fully convinced that it
is for the purpose, and that only, of interfiling
with and abolishing the institution called slavery
in those States where it is legalized and main-
tained, and which you are determined to abol-
ish by the most underhand and unconstitutional
means, even though the other great reserved rights
of the States may be involved in its ruin. Where
was the necessity of submitting the question of
slavery to the States for their decision under the
provision for amending the Constitution, if Con-
gress itself by a majority of its two branches can
constitutionally pass a bill to effect the same ob-
ject?
If you can abolish slavery so far as it relates to
the wives and children of negroes who are or are
to be your soldiers, why can you not abolish the
entire institution by act of Congress? The very
fact that you have submitted the question to an-
other tribunal, .to three fourths of all the States,
under the clause of amendment in the Constitution,
shows that you yourselves believe you are violat-
ing the provisions of that instrument and its true
construction by adopting this measure. You are
fearful that that amendment may not be adopted
by the States, and you are determined to break
through all legal and moral obligations in order to
carry out your determination to destroy this in-
stitution. I deny your right to touch it in any
way with a view to its injury. Your resolution
submitting the question of abolishing slavery to
the States, which was passed a short time since,
and the pretended amendment, when it shall be
adopted by three fourths of the States, cannot be
made a part of the Constitution which our fore-
fathers have handed down to us for the protec-
tion of our rights and liberties, and it will be so
decided by any honest judiciary that will ever
occupy the bench of the Supreme Court or any
other court. The idea that a set of men (and
great men, such as the framers of our Constitu-
tion were) should allow the unrepealable privilege
to the States to carry on the foreign slave trade it-
self fortwenty years,and to import from Africa an
unlimited number of slaves into this country, and
at the same time intend that the United States in
any way should during the same period or at any
time have the constitutional right and power to
destroy slavery when they are brought in, is too
absurd for belief. It certainly would not have
been sensible or honest for them to have given
this inducement to their citizens to press all sail
so as to obtain all advantages of the slave-trade
in the year 1807, and then in 1808 (at which
time the privilege of importing slaves ceased) to
turn about and abolish all the effect and advan-
tages resulting from that trade. And if not in
1808, why should they intend that the General
Government, or the States not interested in the
institution, should have that power at any time
thereafter? Sir, they never did intend to claim
for Congress or for any number of States such
a power; on the contrary, the institution was left
by them under the exclusive control of the indi-
vidual States in which it existed.
Sir, that slaves are property in this country is
a doctrine that has been recognized by every au-
thority, political and judicial, for centuries. Your
highest tribunals have so recognized it, and have
declared that it waa the duty of Congress to pro-
tect this property—not to destroy it. This was
the uniform judgment of your courts up to and
including the judgment and opinion of the Su-
preme Court in the Dred Scott case, a case so
thoroughly braced by law and reason that I will
defy all the ingenuity of the chairman of the Ju-
diciary Committee, and all the iegalaiijl he can
bring from the ranks of his party tttMbte, and
especially in regard to the condition owlhe negro,
whether slave or free.
In speaking of this class of our population, this
court, in the case referred to, declares:
"The only two provisions in the Constitution which point
to them and include them treat them as property, and make
it the duty of the Government to protect it. No oilier power
in relation to this race is to be found in the Constitution,
and as it is a Government of special delegated powers no
authority beyond these two provisions can be constitution-
ally exercised. The Government of the United States had
no right to interfere for any other purpose but that of pro-
tecting the rights of the owner, leaving it altogether with
the seveial States to deal with this race, whether emanci-
pated or not, as each Slate may think jui-ttce, humanity and
the intents and safety of society requiie. The States evi-
dently intended to reserve this power exclusively to them-
selves.1'
" Exclusively to themselves," is the language
of this court.
I have thus cited the decision of the highest
judicial tribunal known to our laws (a tribunal
which the people of the North have professed to
have the highest respect for) to sustain mji oppo-
sition to the measure now before this House and
all kindred measures—a decision not only of the
highest judicial authority, in which respect alone
I might array it against such propositions as this
—but one sustained by a train of argument and
reasoning which the successor of our late pure
and venerated Chief Justice maybe willing but will
never be able to refute. What can be your de-
sign , then, when you adopt such measures as this,
under such circumstances, but to break through
all the obligations imposed by our Constitution
and to make it a dead letter?
Mr. WILSON. I hope the gentleman will not
consume too much of my time.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I wish only to
say further that the whole difficulty of gentlemen
on the other side of the House originated in their
departure from the fundamental principles of this
Government, that each State shall have control
of its own institutions, and above all things that
the negro, slave or free, should be exclusively
under the control of the laws and constitution of
the States in which he shall be located. I may
add that a greater difficulty, and one which has
brought upon us and our country the mostdread-
ful,and I fear lasting calamities, is the entire disre-
gard by the members on the other side, and the
party they represent, of that great principle on
which our political systems are founded, which is,
" that the people have in all cases a right to deter-
mine how they will be governed."
Mr. WILSOlSfc I must resume the floor. I
did not give way to the gentleman from Mary-
land to consume all my time, yet I desired to give
him a fair opportunity to express his views m
regard to this bill. I think the most perfect de-
velopment of the disease the gentleman referred
to that I ever met with may be found in his own
person. If he has not the disease which he
denominates "nigger on the brain" I do not
know thata person can be found who is distressed
with it.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee ori Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had e^amijied,
and found truly enrolled bills of the foiiwiving
titles; when the Speaker signed the same: *
An act (S. No. 376) to amend an act entitled,
"An act to incorporate the inhabitants of the
city of Washington, passed May 15, 1820," ap-
proved May 5, 1864;
An act (S. No. 240) for the relief of George A.
Schreimer;
An act (S. No. 368) to incorporate the Sisters
of Mercy in the District of Columbia; and
An act (S. No. 421) to amend an act entitled
" An act to incorporate the Columbian Institution
for the instruction of the deaf, the dumb,, and
the blind," approved February 16, 1857. _ 
ENCOURAGING ENLISTMENTS AG A I*.
Mr. WILSON. We were formerly aecustpmed
to hear such arguments in this Hall, but I am
happy to know that the time is rapidly passing
away when any man will rise up before the Amer-
ican people, in the Congress of the United States,
or elsewhere, and submit such arguments as the
gentleman has just drawn from the late Dred Scott
decision.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I ask the gen-
tleman if he recognizes that as the decision of the
Supreme Court.
Mr. WILSON. I do not recognize it as a de-
cision in that part of it to which the gentleman
has referred, and I never did. The Court as now
constituted will never disgrace itself by uttering
such an opinion. The time for such things has
gone by forever.
Mr. MALLORY. I would ask the gentleman
whether that decision has been reversed by the
Supreme Court?
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. Does not the
gentleman consider it as binding law until it is
reversed ?
Mr. WILSON. Only so far as it related to the
single question legitimately before the court, but
not in regard to the question to which the gentle-
man has referred—thence it is a mere dictum.
Now, sir, the gentleman wants to know th« pur-
