1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
239
of our Government, not to strain its intent, and
thus destroy it altogether.
I am sustained in my view, by the history of the
Convention which framed the Constitution. Was
this question considered by the Convention? It
was. In Elliot's Debates, volume five,page 357,
it appears that General Pinckney " reminded the
Convention that if the committee should fail to
insert some security to the southern States against
an emancipation of slaves and taxes on imports he
should be bound by his duty to his State to vote
against their report." Again, when the report
was made, this clause of amendment came in on
the 15th of September. It was discussed by Sher-
man, Morris, Gerry, Mason, and Madison. Mr.
Sherman did not like the mode proposed, for fear
it would, by three fourths of the States, do things
fatal to particular States, as abolishing them al-
together, or depiiving them of their equality.
Colonel Mason thought it dangerous and excep-
tionable. Mr. Madison defended the present
clause. Mr. Sherman moved to annex to the
end of the article a further proviso, 44 that no
State shall, without its consent, be affected in its
internal police, or deprived of its internal police,
or deprived of its equal suffrage in the Senate."
Mr. Madison opposed it. It was lost—three to
eight. Then Mr. Sherman moved to strike out
the fifth article altogether. That too failed. The
article was then fin ther amended by the existing
clause, that " no State shall be deprived of its
equal suffrage in the Senate." (Elliot, volume 5,
page 352.) Thus it passed.
The argument from contemporary history is
therefore conclusive. The intention of the cre-
ator is the best criterion as to the character of the
cieature. Here we have it, not only implied by
the absence of an exception, but by the positive
disallowance of it by the Convention. That in-
tention was to limit the amending clause only in
two particulars. This one before the House in
neither of the two.
My opinion on this matter of construction is
diawn from unexceptionable teaching; not alone
from Judge Story; not alone from Calhoun. No
man can teach me a different lesson until I forget
the history of the Constitution. The platform of
my party, and the philosophy of Us founders,
teach me the same thing. In the language of that
platform of many years, adopted last at Cincinnati
tuid Baltimore, I " maintain before the world this
great moral element in a form of government,
springing from and upheld by the popular will,
which seeks not to palsy the will of the constitu-
ent;" and that is, that the Federal Government
is one of limited power, derived solely from the
Constitution and the grants of power made there-
in; that its powcis ought to be strictly construed;
and if upon such construction found therein, to be
strictly pursued, with all the vigor of their con-
stitutional sanctions.
Finding this clause of amendment in the Con-
stitution, with no doubt upon its features, I must
bow to its supremacy. Even though I may regard
it as clear and unquestionable, and admit the
power in its fullest expression, I may yet claim
that its exercise is dangerous and inexpedient,
if it were a doubtful power I would not think of
exercising it, but since it is clearly gianted I shall
consult my own judgment upon the merits of the
proposed amendment.
If then it be an exercise of an admitted power,
why not confine the discussion to proving the
unwisdom of its exercise? For two reasons:
I. I believe that the argument from lack of
power to amend is weaker than the argument
against its expediency. It is a settled rule of
logic that a fallacy, used in a good cause, gives
your opponent the advantage of apparent suc-
cess in the conclusion of the argument. I do not
propose to give this advantage to the advocates
of this measure. Believing that the powei exists,
1 am bound to follow the example of my colleague
[Mr. Pendleton] and place my vote upon the
leasons winch weigh most in my judgment.
I find that the learned commentatoi, Judge
Story, legards this power of amendment as both
useful anil important. His reasons are radical.
He Kays, page 678:
" It is nbvioiv-i that no human Government can ever be
pei feet; and that itiMinposMble to foiesee or guard against
all the exigencies winch may, in difieient ages, require
diffVient adaptations and modifications of powers to suit
the v.uious necessities of the people. A Government for-
evei changing and changeable, u indeed in a state border-
ing upon anarchy and confusion. A Government which,
m its own organization, provides no means of change, but
assumes to he fixed and unalterable, mu^t after a wbilo
become wholly intuited to the circumstances of the na-
tion ; and it will either degenerate into a despotism, or by
the piessure of its inequalities bring on a revolution. It is
wise, therefore, In every Government, and especially in a
republic, to piovide means for altering and improving the
fabric of Government as time and experience or the new
phases of human affairs may render proper, in order to pro-
mote the happiness and safety of the people. The great
piinciple to be sought is to make the changes practicable,
but not too ea y; to secure due deliberation and caution;
and to follow experience rather than to open a way for ex-
pel unents suggested by mere speculation or theory."
Upon this philosophy he considers this power
of amendment; finds in its mode of exercise suffi-
cient checks against its abuse; but even if abused
he finds that it is better as a measure of safety
than if the powers were limited. In his judgment
there are no limitations upon its exercise except
those specified; and the claim to abolish the in-
ternal policy of a State is not an exception.
These reasons for the clause of amendment are
the reasons why the power is so extensive. The
mode of amendment was thought to be so guarded
as to prevent any unrepublican or monarchical
amendments which would substantially change
the genius and scope of the Federal system of del-
egated powers. It is, nevertheless, unlimited,
except in the two particulars specified.
This power of unlimited amendment is an ele-
ment of democracy. It has been the character-
istic of our democratic institutions that our an-
cestry, however prudent and wise, did not tie the
hands of the children nor shackle their liberties
by laws so irrevocable that no mode of change was
allowed. In our State constitutions this power
of amendment has been and is being exercised al-
most every decade. Why? On the principle of
Jeremy Bentham, (Benthammna, page 220,) that
at each point of time the sovereign for the time pos-
sesses such means as the nature of the case affords
for making himseli'acquainted with the exigencies
of hisown time. With reference to the future he
has no such means. He thus argues against the
transfer of the Government from those who pos-
sess the best means to those, who possess the least
means of information. Shall the past century
rule the present? No, not unless they are better
informed or feel more interest in the future gener-
ation than in their own. Why should we of the
nineteenth century tie up the hands of the twen-
tieth ? Why should the dead forever rule the liv-
ing? Is a tyranny inexorable because it is estab-
lished in the past? Is a law immutable because
made by the fathers ? If the law be despotic who
then shall reverse it? Fiorn these general princi-
ples he deduces the reason why I choose to argue
this amendment rather upon its unwisdom than
upon the lack of power to make it. " It is only,"
he says, " when the law is mischievous that an
aigument of this stamp will be employed to sup-
poi t it. Suppose a law a good one it will be sup-
ported, not by absutdity and deception, butfiom
its own excellency. A declaration that this or
that law is immutable, so far from being a proper
argument to enforce Us permanency, is rather a
presumption that such a law has some mischiev-
ous tendency."
Now, Mr. Speaker, if our polity, which leaves
all domestic questions to the State, be wise, as I
think it is—eminently wise—not because it was
made in 17d7, but because it is suited to 1865, and
our condition now as well as then, why weaken
the argument for its continuance by discussing its
iitevocable nature? Why not build its defense
on its intr insic excellency ? Why not then from
this fortification thunder your rifled artillery?
Why, if it be so wise, exhaust your fulminations
in trying to prove that we have no power to change
it in the mode prescribed?
it is in the light of these democratic truths that
I read the fifth article of the Constitution. I con-
struct my argument upon the perennial beauty
exquisite symmetry, and enduring perfection of
that system which reserves to the local communi-
ties their local interests, the very genius of all
permanency, the very element which secures us
against that homogeneity so dreaded by the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] the happy
accord of diverse interests, E plaribus ununi,
many as the waves in variety but one as the sea
in unity, stars upon one constellated ensign, each
differing in glory, but upon the field of blue all
emblematic of the harmony of the Federal sys-
tem springing out of the " brotherly dissimili-
tudes'* of the mingled States! It is upon this
foundation that I would seek, by reason and not
by authority, to erect the argument for its pres-
ervation against radical change.
Does it follow, as my friend from Iowa sug-
gestedjthat I weaken my argument against the
amendment because I argue its demerits while
acknowledging the power to amend ? I may ob-
ject to an alteration m my house, especially if it
disturbs the foundation and general plan; but must
I change it fundamentally because I am the pro-
prietor and have the power? If it be true that a
denial of the power is apt to be regarded as ati
apology for a mischief, do I not strengthen the
argument by discussing the mischief? The mis-
chief to be apprehended in this instance is not the
abolition of slavery. It is the abolition by this
amendment of our peculiar form and structure of .
Government. The argument which I desired to
hear and meet should be directed to this point.
Who cares, sir, whether slavery die or live, when
the question is, " Shall the form and subsiance
of our Government perish ?" Show me that the
Government will perish or be imperiled if this
amendment is not carried, and I will vote it though
all the devils in the South and North should con-
front me with their wrath! Show me that by
voting against it I facilitate the recstablishment
of the Government in all its integrity, and my
vote shall be against it.
Mr. KASSON. I rise in order to ask the gen-
tlemen if at this point, as well as anywhere in his
argument, he will permit me to call his attention
to a suggestion he made before, and which seems
to have been touched upon by his last point more
clearly than elsewhere; and that is the charge
that the tendency of this amendment is the de-
struction of the form and substance of our Gov-
ernment. The form of government we all under-
stand; and even he will not contend that this
amendment changes the form.
Touching its change of substance, I presume he
alludes to the charge he made the other day of
its effect being a centralization of power. Am 1
right?
Then I wish to ask him upon this point—that
we may not be misled by a misapplication of
terms—to explain what he means by such cen-
tralization. 1 will say what 1 understand by it.
When I read, the other day, an extract from a let-
ter of the original Convention which formed the
Constitution, and unanimously adopted by them,
this phiase occurred in it, " Consolidation of the
Union," as the great object of the fiameia of that
system of government. Objection was taken to it
by thegenileman from Indiana, [Mr. Voorhees,")
but I uke it in its length and breadth; and 1 call
the attention of the gentleman from Ohio to the
distinction between " consolidation " of the Union
and the "centralization" of the Government.
Centralization means when you take the power
fiom the State and give it to the United States.
But when you take it both from the Stales and
from the United States there is not a particle of
centralization of power. That is what this amend-
ment does.
Mr. COX. Before I get through I will meet the
statement of the gentleman. I believe this amend-
ment, if carried out, will have a tendency toward
consolidating power in the Federal head. What-
ever it may be termed, I am opposed to compound-
ing powers in the Federal Government. Whether
the powers of the Federal Government be united
in onfi department, or consolidated in the Union, I
would decentralize such powers, take them from
the Federal center, and distribute them among the
States and the people. If you consolidate or
centralize powers here, you endanger by the ex-
cess ofpowerthe substance and form itself of our
Government. The form will soon change to con-
form to the substance. But I will make that clear
as I progress.
II. Another reason for discussing the question
of power is, that it is the most valuable gift from
| the States to the Federal Government, if it be
i not an express reservation of power in the States.
I Perhaps, as both Fedeial and State Governments
I take part in the amendment of the Constitution,
the power to amend is both a reserved and a del-
egated power. Whatever it is, it is so valuable
that 1 cannot surrender it. Not now. If ever
peace comes, it will be through its exercise, upon
this very question of slavery. I regard that Gov-
