240
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12.
ernment with a constitution which has not the
liberty of amendment as lacking the means of its
own conservation. Such anamendmentis a safety-
valve, or governor, upon the engine of State. A
State without it is in perpetual danger of violent
revolution. Such an amendment is a peaceful,
legal, and salutary revolution. It is the beauty of
our system of written constitutions that, like ma-
chines, with a principle of compensation belonging
to them, any irregularity may be corrected with-
out breaking the machine or impairing the move-
ment. Such powers of change save the State
from such terrible red-handed revolution as that
now upon us. Rufus Choate once described, as
if he foresaw it, the present revolution " as a
great sea lifting itself, with darkened sky, and
not very imitable thunder; a tempest which over-
turns and successfully resists the existing public
authority, arrests the exercise of supreme power,
introduces by force, or by resort to a primary
right of nature, a new, paramount authority into
the rule of the State." Had this bloodless and
legal revolution by amendment of out; Constitu-
tion been wisely exercised upon this very sub-
ject of slavery, as Crittenden, Douglas, ay, even
Toombs and Davis, insisted in 1860, we would
not be fulfilling so sadly the magnificent picture
which Choate painted of tempestuous and fratri-
cidal strife!
Sir, when the statesmen of 1860 sought to ex-
ercise this power upon this subject of slavery, I
gave my voice and vote for it. I know nothing
now, but the fear of being misjudged by paitial
friends about me, that should deter me from again
asserting the power which, with my colleague,
[Mr. Pendleton,] 1 then assumed. Hr* bravely
resists the popular current to defy its exercise
now, i humbly do the same. But this I will not
do, discard my own wordsand throw aside a once
cherished principle of government because its
present exercise may be an outrage upon the sense
and patriotism of the country.
When I first came to this Congress with my
colleague wo came under the odium ofli pio-slu-
very;" we came defondingthe position of Doug-
las, that Congress had no right to interfere with
slavery, under the Constitution, in States and Ter-
ritories. We claimed non-intervention as both
wise and constitutional. Again and again, when
anti-slavery and pro-slavery zealots demanded
congressional action, we said, "No, no; there is
no power under the Constitution to abolish it or
protect it. It is local, not Federal; State, not na-
tional. If you would touch it, either to extend
or limit, abrogate or institute it, first change the
ConstitutionAgain, when discussing questions
connected with the power of a State over the sub-
ject of black immigration, I luxvedenied all power
to Congress, to the President, to the Army, to
interfere with this subject, because it was not so
written in the Constitution. I said, "Amend that
instrument first if you would thus break down
the incontestable rights of the State under the
Constitution in such matters." Denying ever
the propriety of its exercise, I have never heuid
the power denied. Am I to ignore the power be-
cause foolish fanatics may rule in its exercise?
Mr. Buchanan, in his message of December 4,
I860, proposed to save us from war by slavery
amendments, which he called.peaceful and con-
slitutional remedies. Who objected to theexer-
ciseofsueh remedies for wantof power? No one
oxcept gentlemen opposite, who declared it to be
monstrous and illegal, against the laws ©f God
and man, fundamental and irreversible.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I desire to
ask the gentleman from Ohio a single question at
this point. He refers to the message of Presi-
dent Buchanan. 1 desire to osk him whether the
recommendation of Mr. Buchanan did not apply
to the question of slavery in the Territories, and
not at all to the question of slavery in the States ?
Mr. COX. The recommendation of Mr. Buch-
anan, which I hold in my hand, applies to both,
But oVen if it is only applied to slavery in the
Territories, the question of slavery was the sub-
ject-matter of the amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. If I recol-
lect aright, at the time, the question of the dis-
turbance of slavery in the States was not agitated
at all. It was denied by the Republican party
that they intended in any way whatever ever to
interfere with the question of slavery in the States;
and it was only the question of slavery in the
Territories and beyond the limits of the States
which was agitated in Congress at that time. It
is since the inauguration of this Administration
that the question of the abolition of slavery with-
in the States has grown up in the country.
Mr. COX. That will do for the gentleman;
because I have the recommendation of Mr. Buch-
anan upon that subject here. It is more authentic
than even his good memory. It is as follows:
"An express recognition of the rights of property in slaves
in the States where it now exists or may hereafter exist."
As my valued friend will perceive, this was not
aquestion of the abolishment of slavery. It was,
however, a question which touched, through a
constitutional amendment, the institution of sla-
very in the States. The gentleman says the rec-
ommendation was confined to slavery in the Ter-
ritories, and did not reach that in the States. He
will perceive his mistake. I am not anxious to
raise a discussion with my friends upon this side
of the Chamber, but I am entitled to be consistent
with the record I have made for eight years here.
I have always claimed the right to pass upon the
slavery question by an amendment in pursuance
of the fifth article of the Constitution. I have
sought only to make its exercise judicious.
The abolitionists only declared in I860 against
" any express recognition of the right of property
in man in the States where it now exists or may
hereafter exist." Then the abolitionist made the
argument of my colleagues, [Messrs. Ashley and
Pendleton.] They denied the power, it was
and is so easy to argue against the power to do a
thing which we do not like.
YVhen Mr. Buchanan, referring to the amend-
ment clause, proposed to extend as operation to
protect this right in the Territories until admitted
as States, and a like recognition of the right of
the master to his escaped slave, who objected?
Who? Not my colleague [Mr. Pendleton] and
myself. For though we might have agreed with
the decision of the Supreme Court in Dred Scott's
case, we desired such principles established in the
fundamental law. Why? Because it was recom-
mended, to use the language of that day, "as an
explanatory amendment which would forever ter-
minate the existing dissensions and restore peace
and harmony among the Slates." Those who
desired not to terminate our troubles, or to keep
peace and avert war, denied the power to enslave
or to recognize slavery. This side of the House
labored, 0 how nobly, but how vainly, to have
the compromises of that dark hour written with
a pencil of light on the organic law, by the unim-
peached power of amendment, that North and
South might dwell in accord forever.
Again, on the 28th of February, 1SG1, in the
hope of allaying the fears of northern men, a
joint resolution was passed with my colleague's
'[Mr. Pendleton's] sanction and vote—yeas 133
to 6*5 nays—providing for an amendment in the
mode prescribed by the present joint resolution,
as follows:
u Airr. hi No amendnifMit shall he made to the Consti-
tution wlueh >>h:til authouze or jnvo to Oongiess the power
to aholMi or iutcifen: within <m> State with the domestic
institutions theieof, including that of person* held to labor
or berviee by the laws of said State."
This was voted for by South and North—Doug-
las, Crittenden, Pugh, Bocock, and Hunter.
What did it mean? I do not ask what was its
intention as a remedial measure; as a bill to quiet
title; as a peace measure. It did two things:
first, it assumed to speak by amendment on a
domestic question; secondly, in the very substance
and body of it, it recognized, without dissent from
a single voice, the power to amend by abolishing
slavery in States, and it sought to checkmate that
power by adding it to the exceptions of the fifth
article. It was as if it said, " Congress, by the
mode prescribed, may propose amendments which
shall be vahd as a part of this Constitution, pro-
vided no amendment shall be made as to the. abo-
lition of and interference with slavery." Truly my
colleague was right m requiring, as a peace meas-
ure, such an expression as an exception to the
general power of amendment. lie knew the old
maxim of construction, "the expression of one
thing is the exclusion of another." As the Con-
stitution had excluded two subjects from amend-
ment, and had failed to excluae the abolition of
slavery as sacredly unamendable, it follows that
the power to abolish was given in the general
grant. But the argument drawn from my col-
league's former vote or opinion is not conclu-
sive, except upon him, and only upon him upon
the frailest of all arguments, that, once in favou
of a thing, he should always be in favor of it.
I shall be the last to press the ad hominem upon
him.
I need not recall to the House the propositions
of Mr. Crittenden or their tenor. In the preamble
their object is stated. They were intended to al-
lay " dissensions concerning the rights and secu- .
rity of the rights of the slaveholding States."
They proposed to do this by constitutional pro-
visions. Above the latitude of 36° 30' slavery
was prohibited; south it was recognized and pro-
tected. They denied to Congress the right to
abolish in the District and in the States where the
United States had jurisdiction. They proposed
to protect members of Congress and other Federal
officers in bringing their slaves here, to protect
the inter-State slave trade, and to pay for fugitive
slaves in certain cases. As if this were not enough
to show the power over thfs subject by amend-
ment, and because these statesmen of 1860 knew
the power existed to abolish slavery in the States,
they provided:
<c No future amendment of the Constitution shall affect
the five preceding articles; nor the third paragraph of tho
second section of the first article of the Constitution ; nor
the third paragraph of the second section ot the fouith ar-
ticle of said Constitution ; and no amendment shall he mndo
to the Constitution which shall nuihotize or give to Con-
gress any power to abolish or interfere with shivery in any
of the Stales by whose iawa it is, or may be, allowed or
peinutU'd."
Thus they strove to make the lines of slavery
irrevocable by amendment; to forever preserve
the three-fifths representation of slaves and the
provision for the return of fugitive slaves. Who
questioned the power then ? Not my colleague.
Not a man on this side in Congress then or now.
Oh! it was then to be used for a patriotic purpose;
for salvation, and not for destruction. But is it
less a power? Am i to give up the sweet shine of
the sun because it may breed malaria ? Am I to
surrender the benignant element of fire because it
may consume as well as comfort? Am I to be
driven by the accidentsof warorthe vicissitudes
of time to change my opinion of the Constitution
and its powers? Jlbusus non tollit usitm. 1 will
cling to the power,and make my argument, when
1 choose to make it, against its abuse.
* Again, the peace convention sent its proposi-
tion to Congress, inhibiting any amendment of
the Constitution on most of the subjects connected
with slavery above recited. They were offered
in the House on the 1st of March, 1861. I re-
member well that I was detained from the House
by illness. I was not here to vote for them with
my colleague, [Mr. Pendleton,] but his nameis
enough. I find it there, asserting these powers
under the amendment clause—which he now de-
nies—while you, Mr. Speaker, together with my
colleague, [Mr. Ashley,] along with the seces-
sionists, treated them as unworthy of your sano
tion. Why? Because you were not actuated by
the genuine patriotism of my colleague before
me, whose love of the whole country led him to
defy the taunts of secessionists and the jeers of
abolitionists, and to march boldly up to the ex-
ercise of the power now asserted by my colleague
[Mr. Ashley] in one case and denied by my
other colleague [Mr. Pendleton] in the other.
Gentlemen have heard of the committee of thir-
teen. it consisted of men of every shade of
political opinion: Messrs. Powell, Seward, Col la-
mer, Bigler, Hunter, Toombs, Davis, Rice, Crit-
tenden, Douglas, Wade, Doolittle, and Grimes.
They agreed upon no plan. But many plans were
proposed, and all under the amendment clause.
Do gentlemen tell me that these propositions weie
unconstitutional? Were they usurpations of
power never conceded ? Strange thatMr. Hunter,
the biographer of Calhoun, and Mr. Davis, his
follower and disciple, did not discover it! Strange
that Mr. Hunter should have proposed that Con-
gress should pass no law in relation to slavery,
except by the consent of a majority of the Sen-
ators and Representatives of the slaveholding and
nori-slaveholding States, thus yielding the power,
with qualifications! Can this be yielded and yet
the power over slavery in the States be above
all amendment? Or must my colleague take ref-
uge, as he did, in a higher law? Strange that
Douglas should have proposed to punish con-
spiracies against slaveholders and their property I
