,3.86.3.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
terminus of the lines of the Grand Rapids and Indiana, and
the Amboy, Lansing, and Traverse Bay railroads, at the
point of junction at or near Traverse bay, in the State of
Michigan, a<* provided by existing laws of the United Slates,
to the sttaits of Mackinaw, and from the straits of Macki-
naw to Little liayde Noquet, and to aid in the conduction ||}
of a i aiicoad from Ontonagon, in the said State, to the west-^'
ern boundary theieof, every alternate section or parts
thereof of public lands not mineral, designated by odd lium-
beis, not reseived, appiopriated, or otheiwise disposed of,
and to which a preemption claim or homestead settlement
has not attached, to the amount of ten sectioqs per mile
for each mile of i abroad, to be located as near as practi-
cable to the line of paid laiiroads throughout their whole
'extent: Provided, That the land so granted shall in no case
,be located moie than twenty miles from the lines of said
road : Provided farther, That any and all lands heretofore
reserved to the United States by any act of Congress;, or in
"any other manner by competent authority, for the purpose
ot aiding in any object of internal improvement or other
purpo<e whatever, be, and the same are hereby, reserved
and excepted from the operations of this act, except so far
as it may be found necessaiy to locate the route of said road
tbiou<jh such reseived lands, in wluch case the light of
way shall he granted, subject to the approval of'the Piesi-
dent of the United States: Provided further, That any lands
N^vhich may have been granted to the State of Michigan for
the put pose of aiding 111 the conduction of any railrotftl,
which lands may be located within the limits of'this grant,
shall be deducted irom the full quantity ot lands hereby
granted, and that any lands which may have been so
granted f-ball be strictly applied in accordance with the
terms and conditions in said act or acts.
Sec. 2. J1 nd be it farther enacted, That the sections and
parts of sections of land, which by this grant shall remain
to the United States, within ten miles on each side of said
roads, shall not be sold foi Jess than double the minimum
price of public lands when sold, nor shall any of said lands
becornc subject to sale at private entry until the same shall
thave been first offered at. public sate .to the highest bidder
at or above the minimum puce as aforesaid: Provided,
That actual bona fide settlers under the preemption laws
"of the United States may, after due proof'of settlement, im-
provement, and occupation, as now piovided by law, pur-
Chase the same at the increased minimum price : Jlndyro-
vided, also, That settlers under the piovisions of the home-
stead law, wiio comply with the terms and requirements
•ofsaid act, shall be entitled to patents for an amount not
exceeding eighty acres each, anything in tins act to the
contrary notwithstanding.
Sec. 3. Jlnd he it fuither enacted, That the lands hereby
granted shall be subjectto the disposal of theLegislature of
"" the State of Michigan, tor the purposes aforesaid, and no
other. And the satd railroads shall be and reniain#pnbljc
highways tortile use ofthoGovernment oi the United States
free of all toll oi other chaiges upon the tiansportation of
any propcity or troops of the United States.
Sec. 4. jind be it fuither enacted, That the lands hereby
granted bhaJl be disposed ot by said State for the purposes
aforesaid only, and m manner following, namely: when
the Govei nor of«md State shall certify to the Seeretaiy of
the Ifitenor that any section of ten consecutive miles of
said ioad js completed in a good, substantial, and work-
manlike manner as a first-class raihoad, and the said Secre-
tary shall be satisfied that said State has complied in good
faith with this requirement, the said Secretary of the Inte-
rior shall issue to the said State patents tor all the lands
granted and selected as aforesaid, situated opposite to and
withjn a limit of ten miles of the line of said section of
road thus completed, extending along the whole length of
said completed section of ten miles ol road,and no further.
And when the Governor of said State shall certify to the
Seeretaiy of the Interior, and the Seeretaiy shall be satis-
fied that anothei section of said ioad. ten consecutive nntes
,in extent, connecting with the pteeedmg section or with
some other fust-class railroad which may be at the time in
"successful operation, is completed as aforesaid, the said
'Seeretaiy oi the Intenor shall i&>ue to the said State pat-
ents tor all the lauds granted and situaied opposite to and
within the limit of ten miles of the line of said completed
section of road or roads, and extending the length of said
section, ayd no further, and so, from time to time, until
said roads are completed. And when the Governor of said
State shall so certify, and the Seeietary of the Interior shall
he satisfied, that the whole of said roads is completed in a
good,substantial, and workmanlike manner,as a first-class
-railroad, the said Secretary of the Interior shall is*ue to
the saul State patents to all the remaining lands granted for
the purposes indicated in this act, situated within the said
limitsol twenty miles from the line thereof, thtougiiout the
Entire length of said road: Provided, That no land shall be
' granted and convened to said State under the provisions of
this act on account of the conduction of any railroad or
part thereof that has been or may hereafter be constructed
under the provisions of any other act, and adopted as a
part of the line of raihoad piovided for in this act: Jlnd
provided fuither, That said lands shall not in any manner
be disposed of or incumbered, except as the same are
patented under the provisions of tins act; and should the
State fail to complete said ioad within ten years after the
acceptance of this grant, then the said lands undisposed of
as aforesaid shall revQrt to the United States.
Sec. 5. Jlnd he it further enacted, That as soon as the
Governor of the said State of Michigan shall lile, or cause
to be filed, with the Secretary of the Interior maps desig-
nating the routes of said road, then it shall be the duty of
the Secretary of the Interior to withdraw from maiket the
:jands embraced within the piovisions of this act.
$ec. 6. Jind be it further enacted, That the United States
Lmail shall be transported on said road, under the dhection
of the Po^t Office Department, at such price as Oongre-^
-may by law provide: Provided, That, until such price is
.fixed by law, the Po.-tmaster General shall have power to fix
the rate of conipemation.
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it fuither enacted, That the time for the
completion of each and all of the raihoads named in the
tecfc approved Juue a, 1858, entitled "Anactmaking a grant
of alternate sections of the public lands to the State of
Michigan, to aid in the construction of certain railroads m
said State, and for other purposes," be, and the same is
hereby, extended eight years.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to amend theamend-
ment by inserting in section seven, line six, after
the word " purposes," the words " and an act
amendatory thereof, approved June 7,1864;" and
after the word " years," at the close of the section,
to insert " from the day of the approval of this
act." These amendments are agreed to by the
chairman of the Committee on Public Lands.
The amendments to the amendment were
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. It was
ordered that the bill be engrossed for a third read-
ing; and it was read the third time, and passed.
Its title was amended to read, "A bill making a
grant of lands to the State of Michigan to aid in
the construction of railroads in that State."
MESSAGE mom. TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the Houseof Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Cleric, announced that
the House had passed, without amendment, the
bill (S. No. 37) to prevent officers of the Army
and Navy, and other persons engaged in the mil-
itary and naval service of the United States, from
interfering in elections in the States; and the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 82) to encourage enlistments
and to promote the efficiency of the military forces
of the United States.
The message further announced that the House
had agreed to the amendment of the Senate to the
bill of the House (H. R. No. 184) to facilitate pro-
ceedings in admiralty and other judicial proceed-
ings in the port of New York, and for other pur-
poses.
The message also announced that the House
had further insisted upon its disagreement to the
amendment of the Senate to the bill of the House
(H. R. No. 51) to establish a Bureau of Freed-
men's Affaiis, insisted upon by the Senate; that
it agreed to the further confcrence asked by the
Senate on the disagreeing votes of thetwoHouses
thereon, and had appointed Mr. R. C. Schenck,
of Ohio, Mr. G. S. Boutwell, of Massachu-
setts, and Mr. James S. Rollins, of Missouri,
managers at the same on its part.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had passed the following bills
and joint resolution, in which it requested the
concurience of the Senate:
A bill (H. R.No. 80) directing a district or cir-
cuit court to be held at the city of Erie, in the State
of Pennsylvania.
A bill (H. R. No. 609) to prescribe the mode
of designating citizens of the United States who
shall serve as jurors in the circuit and district
courts of the United States;
A bill (H. R. No. 638) to facilitate judicial
proceedings on writs of error and appeals;
A bill (H. R. No. 707) to provide for the pub-
lication of the opinions of the Attorneys General
of the United States;
A bill (H. R. No. 7o8) amendatory of the acts
relative to the Attorney General's office, and to
fix the compensation of his assistant and clerks;
A bill (H. R. No. 775) for the relief of the oc-
cupants of the ex-mission of San Jose, in the
State of California;
A bill (H. R. No. 777) changing the name of
Emil Cohen;
A bill (H. R. No. 778) in relation to the ap-
propriation of private property to the public use;
A bill (H. R. No. 779) to regulate the taking
of depositions in certain cases; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 46) relating to
the account of B. C. Whiting.
COMMITTEE ON CURRENCY.
Mr. FOOT. I submit a resolution proposing
to amend the rules:
Resolved, That the 34th rule of the Senate be amended
by inserting -after the words a Committee on Finance, to
consist of seven members," the following: " a Committee
on Currency and Banking, to consist of  even members."
Of course this resolution cannot be considered
unless by unanimous consent, butif no objection
be made, it may as well be adopted now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let it go over.
Mr. FOOT. Very well.
ORDER 03? BUSINESS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion recognizing the existing State government in
Louisiana.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think thatsubject should
be considered.
Mr. SUMNER. Before the vote is taken on
this motion, I wish the Senate to understand that
the Senator from Nevada [Mr. Nye] is engaged
in a speech which was cut oif by the adjournment
last night on the bill known as the railroad bill.
I presume the Senator from Illinois would not
push the matter that he has in charge so far as to
prevent the Senator from Nevada from finishing
his speech. He has the floor, in the natural course
of business, at one o'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL.. It will be soon enough to
decide that question when the time comes. It is
not one o'clock now; he has not the floor now.
Mr. SUMNER. He has not the floor now;
but I presume the Senator is serious when he pro-
poses to take up a measure of this importance,
and expects to proceed with it. 1 merely wish
that the Senate should see what is before them,
that at one o'clock, according to the natural course
of business, we shall have the pleasure of listen-
ing to the Senator from Nevada.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it very unjust to
the public business of this country that from day
to day these questions of courtesy should be forced
in here to the detriment of the public service.
Yesterday, because the Senator from Nevada was
in the midst of a speech, the Senate gave way
with its other business that he might go on. is
that to be repeated from day to day ? I do not
know that the Senator from Nevada is complain-
ing. When he appeals to the courtesy of the
Senate and wishes to proceed with his speech, I
shall certainly be disposed to extend to him all
the courtesy that the Senate is in the habit of ex-
tending to any of its members; but it will be for
him and not the Senator from Massachusetts,
I suppose, to complain if he is not treated with
proper courtesy by the body. I hope we may
proceed with the consideration of this question;
it is an important one; it ought to be settled, and
it ought to be settled now. The gentlemen claim-
ing seats from the State of Louisiana are entitled
to have it settled
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of,the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope that motion will
not prevail. The Senator from Illinois has had
this Louisiana case before his committee week
after week and month after month. If it was a
matter of so much importance as he represents I
should suppose he would have reported it at a
proper time, when we could have had proper
discussion and proper action. Now to bring it
up, eight days from the close of the session, to in-
terfere with important business is, I will not say
reprehensible or outrageous, but i| is at least
crowding the good nature of this body.
Mr. HARLAN. I deem it my duty to state
my objection to taking up the measure named by
the Senator from Illinois. The Committee on
Public Lands have had before them the subject
of the disposition of the private land claims in
California for some two months, have labored
carefully on the subject, and have finally reported
a bill which they think will simplify the dispo-
sition of those lands greatly, and believe that ac-
tion on that subject is necessary at the present
session of Congress. As that bill originates in
the Senate and must necessarily be considered by
the House of Representatives before it can be-
come a law it is important that it be acted on
soon. I have been deferring the subject from time
to time through feelings of courtesy to other mem-
bers, and I feel now like raising the question if
the Senator from Illinois shall insist on his mo-
tion. I do not believe that the bill to which I
allude will occupy more than five or ten minutes,
but it is a bill of vast consequence. There is
one claim alone pending in which the value ofthe
property amounts, it is said, to more than haifa
million dollars, and it is believed by the Com-
mittee that this bill will dispose satisfactorily of
the whole subject; and if this motion ofthe Sen-
ator from Illinois shall be voted dowrf I shall then
