1008
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
try to get the bill up. I shall therefore have to
vote against his motion; though I would vote to
give that joint resolution the preference of the
pending order.
Mr. CONNESS. I beg leave to say that the
bill to which the honorable Senator from Iowa
alludes will not pass in ten minutes unless the
Senate could at some time pass it without hear-
ing the voice $f California in the premises, for it
is the opjpion of this part of the California dele-
gation that no more mischievous bill could pos-
sibly be passed for our State than the bill spoken
of so highly and recommended by the honorable
Senator from Iowa. When a question of so much
importance as the one proposed is to be discussed,
I apprehend the Senate of the Unitee States will
hear us very fully before it is disposed of. I say
this much to give notice that no bill of that kind
can pass this body, unless the Senate imposes it
upon us, until it has been very thoroughly and
fully discussed. Of course I will not occupy the
time of the Senate now by enteringupon any dis-
cussion of it. It is not before us. I find myself
very unpleasantly situated in having to say this
of the bill spoken of by the honorable Senator
from Iowa, and at the same time being opposed
to the motion pending, which proposes to launch
us into the consideration of whether we shall not
only receive Senators from a new State, but
whether we shall admitaState into the Union at
this point of time. I am totally and entirely
against the consideration of the proposition now
presented by the honorable Senator from Illinois,
but will not vote when his motion shall be voted
down, if it shall be, to take up the bill proposed by
the honorable Senator from Iowa.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 should like to inquire of the
Senator from Nevada if he is prepared to proceed
with his speech at this time.
Mr. NYE. I shall only occupy a few minutes.
Mr. GRIMES. That will control my vote
against the motion proposed by the Senator from
Illinois. As soon as "the Senator from Nevada
shall have concluded his speech I will vote with
the Senator from Illinois if he makes the motion
to take up his joint resolution.
Mr. FOOT. So will 1.
Mr. DOOLfTTLE. I suggest to my friend
from Illinois whether this resolution cannot be
taken up and then informally laid aside until the
Senator from Nevada finishes his speech.
Mr. WILSON. Let him conclude and then
this can be taken up.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is immaterial to me
which way it is done; but after the Senator from
Nevada shall have finished his speech I am with
the Senator from Illinois for taking up the reso-
lution in regard to Louisiana.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Ne-
vada insists on the floor to go on with his speech,
I withdraw my motion and he may go on at once,
as far as 1 am concerned.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeasand nays
having been ordered, the motion cannot be with-
drawn without the consent of the Senate. The
Chair hears no objection, and the motion is with-
drawn.
Mr. POWELL. I desire to offer a resolu-
tion 
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to make a remark on
the motion of the Senator from Illinois before it
is withdrawn.
Mr. POWELL. The Senator is too late.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion has
been withdrawn, arid is not now before the Senate.
ORDERS OF GENERAL BANKS.
Mr. POWELL. I offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the President be respectfully requested to
tr&Rsimt to the rfeuute General Older No. 2J issued by
Major General Banks at New Orleans, and dated February
^ 166-1, *
Mr, SUMNER. Allow me to ask the Senator
if he is sure of the number of the order. Is it not
No. 34?
Mi. POWELL. I am sure of the number. I
wish to have this order, to be used m the discus-
sion of i his very Louisiana case.
Mr. SUMNER. If I understand the matter,
it is the military order by which this State gov-
ernment has been constituted.
Mr. POWELL. It is one of the orders con-
nected with it. There are several orders, and
this is one. • til
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
RECESS.
Mr. WILSON moved that the Senate take a
recess at half past four o'clock until seven o'clock,
p. m.; and the motion was agreed to.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following joint resolution and bills from
the House of Representatives were severally
read twice by their titles, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary: .
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 46) relating to
the account of B. C. Whiting;
A bill (H.R. No. 80) directing a district or cir-
cuit court to be held at the city of Erie, in the
State of Pennsylvania;
A bill (II. R. No. 779) to regulate the taking
of depositions in certain cases;
A bill (H. R. No. 778) in relation to the appro-
driation of private property to the public use;
A bill (H. R. No. 777) changing the name of
Emil Cohen;
A bill (H. R. No. 758) amendatory of the acts
relative to the Attorney General's office, and to
fix the compensation of his assistant and clerks;
A bill (H. R. No. 707) to provide for the pub-
lication of the opinions of the Attorneys General
of the United States;
A bill (H. R. No. 609) to prescribe the mode
of designating citizens of the United States who
shall serve as jurors in the circuit and district
courts of the United States; and
A bill (H. R. No. 638) to facilitate judicial
proceedings on writs of error and appeals.
The bill (H. R. No. 775) for the relief of the
occupants of the lands of the ex-mission of San
Jose, in the State of California, was read twice by
its title.
Mr. CONNESS. I move to lay that bill on
the table.
Mr. HARLAN. I object to that motion. I
move the reference of the bill to the Committee
on Public Lands.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to lay
on the table takes precedence of the motion to
commit.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask for a vote on my mo-
tion, and I desire to say 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion tolay
on the table is not debatable.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is a House bill, and
is it proposed to lay it on the table without con-
sideration?
Mr. CONNESS. A similar bill has been re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands of the
Senate, and that committee during the whole ses-
sion has not reported it until this morning, when
the committee made an adverse report. 1 do not
desire the same identical bill sent to the commit-
tee, because it is of no use; we now have the re-
port of the committee on the same subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion tolay
on the table is not debatable.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to refer the bill to
the Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
COMMERCE A510XQ THE STATES.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
having expired, the unfinished" business of yes-
terday isnow before the Senate, being the bill
(H. R. No. 307) to regulate commerce among
the several States; upon which the Senator from
Nevada is entitled to the floor.
Mr. NYE addressed the Senate, continuing and
concluding the speech which he commenced yes-
terday. [His speech will be published in the
Appendix.]
Mr. MORRILL obtained the floor.
Mr. TRUMBULL, if the Senator from Maine
is not anxious to proceed with his remarks now,
1 hope he will allow the joint resolution in rela 
tion to Louisiana to be taken up.
Mr. MORRILL. I have no special preference
on the subject.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Maine
does not insist on going on at this time, as 1 un-
derstand he does not, I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of the joint resolu-
lion for the recognition of the existing State gov-
ernment in Louisiana.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pomf.rott
in the chair.) The question is on the motion of
the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope that motion will
not prevail, and if the Senator from Maine does
not desire to speak I hope we shall have a vote
immediately on this bill. I gave notice that I
should antagonize it against any measure before
this body except the regular financial and appro-
priation bills. The bill has now been thoroughly
discussed, and we are prepared for a vote, and
we can get a vote to-day if the Senate will stand
by me; and certainly we never shall get a vote
until after the 4th of March upon the Louisiana
case. I am surprised that the Senator from Illi-
nois should propose to bring up that case at this
late day of the session. 1 hope the Senate will
stand by me in regard to the pending bill, and if
the Senator from Maine desires to make a speech
upon it he will be listened to, and 1 shall ask for
a session to-night if we do not get through with
it before that time, for the purpose of disposing
of the bill. I hope the Senate will not adopt the
motion of the Senator from Illinois, but will per-
mit the Senator from Maine to go on with his
speech if he desires to do so.
Mr. SUMNER. I certainly agree with the
Senator from Michigan, and I must remark again,
as I have repeatedly, that I think it is a bad econ-
omy of the time of the Senate to go on a little
way with one measure and then abandon it and
take up another. Let us finish the pending meas-
ure. There are two ways of killing a measure;
one is by voting it down, the other is by post-
poning it until you lose an opportunity of voting
upon it, and the latter is the policy of certain Sen-
ators with regard to the railroad measure. I think
that,the friends of that measure ought not to be
insensible to that policy; they ought to be pre-
pared against it; and they should insist that the
measure be proceeded with until they have a vote.
If the Senator from Maine is not disposed to go
on now, there are other Senators, doubtless, who
are; at any rate we can vote, and let the question
be taken from our Calendar.
Mr. MORRILL. I believe I expressed no
wish on the subject. I yielded to the inquiry put
to me by the Senator from Illinois. I am entirely
indifferent on the question. Before the bill is
acted on by the Senate I desire to be heard.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I desire to say in regard
to the bill now before the Senate, that believing
as 1 do in the doctrine of State rights I can never
vote for it; but circumstances are such that be-
fore gentlemen vote I should like to have them
state their opinion whether these strong State
monopolies have got such influence that they can
come in the presence of the Senate of the United
States and seek to control the legislation of the
country. I will not vote for this bill under any
circumstances,and yet 1 would just as lief see it
passed as not. I want to know whether there is
any political intrigue, whether the Democratic
party of this country is sold by the Camden and
Amboy Railroad Company or not. 1 should like
some of my Republican friends—perhaps the
class-leader of the paity, the Senator from New
Hampshireis justas capable of giving an opinion
as anybody else. 1 mean no reflection on him,
for I regard him as a personal friend.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
before the Senate ia on postponing the pending
bill.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I want to call the atten-
tion of the country to this question. With my
ideas of State rights I would not vote for such a
bill under any circumstances, but 1 do not want
these State monopolies to come into the Senate of
the United States and undertake to contiol the
legislation of thecountry; and 1 am appiehensive
that they are here with their lobby agents. I
want now to advertise the country that if I am
not present on the vote—and if I were outside I
would not (;nter the room to vote on the question
—the reason of it is because 1 believe there is cor-
ruption foul and damnable in the whole thing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
before the Senate is the motion of" the Senator
