1010
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBB.
February 23,
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts seems to suppose that, the only object of
getting up the bill for the recognition of the ex-
isting State governments is to inaugurate "a dance
of debate;" and then he goes r>n to tell us that the
matter that is to be disp.aced by it has already
passed the House of Representatives, has been
under discussion for twelve months and longer.
They have been dancing in this debate for twelve
months, and the Senator wants to pursue it. I
think if there was nothing else involved in this
matter but simply this " dance of debate," it would
be well to have a new figure after dancing twelve
months to this old one.
This is not the proper time to speak of the mer-
its ofthis measure; to speak of the merit of the bill
which the Senator from Michigan.has in charge,
or of the merit of the joint resolution I desire to
,call up; but it is proper to speak of the lmport-
. ance of that resolution. Sir, it relates to the res-
toration of this Union. It relates to the estab-
lishmentof commercial relations with a State the
inhabitants of which have been in rebellion against
the Government. It relates to the opening of the
" great Mississippi river to the commerce of the
country. It relates to peace, which we all desire
upon honorable terms at the first practicable mo-
ment. At some time these revolted States are to
be brought.ioto harmony with the Government
of the United States. At some time the author-
ity of the Constitution and laws of the country is
to be recognized throughout Louisiana, and all
these States, I trust. Here is an effort of eight^f
thousand persons, says the Senator from Mich-
igan, and the testimony of sworn witnesses says
of more than half the loyal voting population of
Louisiana, asking that their government may be
restored to the authority of the United States,
asking that they may set up a government in har-
,.mony with ours, asking that they may .establish
local laws and freedom, which I know the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts loves, throughout Lou-
isiana; and the Senator from Massachusetts will
not hear them. Ifa single negro is expelled from
the cars in the District of Columbia, the voice of
the Senator from Massachusetts is liea'rd in this
Hall; he will repeal charters and take up the time of
Congress about the rights of the negro, but when
more than ten thousand voters, representing hun-
dreds of thousands of loyal Union men, ask the !
protection ofy our laws and the rights guarantied to j
them by the Constitution, the SenatorfcomMassa- !
chusetts says they shall not be heard, because some |,
proposition is here, a new proposition, brought ij
into the Seriate for the first time since thefounda- !,
tion of the Government, by which the Congress of j
the United States propose to take charge of the i
roads and highways of the United States! That is
such a pressing measure that you cannot attend ;to
one affecting the vital interests of the country,
the restoration of peace and the establishment of
the authority of the Government throughout one
of the States which has heretofore been in rebel-
lion. Sir, if there is any question of transcend-
ent importance which this Congress can con-
sider, it is that which relates to the bringing into
harmony with the Constitution and laws of the
United States the population of those districts of
country which have been in rebellion against the
United States.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It seems to me the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts gives far less import-
ance to tliis question than it is entitled to. In
addition to all 'lie strong reasons given by the
Senator from-J!linois there is, in rnyjudgment,a
very powerful one which should press for its con-
sideration now at this mus^ioh, ^i.d H bkuuiu. ua
disposed of at. the present session.
Mr. President, yoa l;oaw with what ar.xiety
and what earnestness members of the Senate and
members of the House of Representatives, as well
as a large majority of the American people, have
urged the adoption of an amendment of the Con-
stitution ot the United States which was to settle
forever this vexed question of slavery. ^Ve know
that it the people of Louisiana have a right to or-
ganize their State government, as we insist they
have, it is of almost vital importance that that
State should be recognized in some form in such
manner as to allow the people of that State and
the Legislature of that State to vote upon the
great question, I will say the paramount question,
. now submitted to the American people, whether
that constitutional amendment shall or shall not
be adopted. Upon that subject, in the minds of
nine tenthsof all the people of this country, the
conviction is clear that the votes of twenty-seven
States are nccessary to the ratification or the
adoption of that amendment to the Constitution.
The vote of Louisiana, therefore, becomes neces-
sary. My honorable friend from Massachusetts
shakes his head and says substantially no.
Mr. SUMNER. I say no.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand that the hon-
orable Senator has a resolution before the Senate,
of the United States in which he proposes to de-
clare as the sense of Congress that three fourths
of the States of this Union, in voting upon the
constitutional amendment, are only intended to
include three fourths of those States in which the
insurrection has not existed.
Mr. SUMNER. Three fourths of the de facto
States.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Three fourths of the States
that are represented in Congress substantially. I
do not question the sincerity of my honorable
friend in his opinion. I have never done so.
Much as I have differed with him on many ques-
tions, I have never doubted his sincerity. I have
sometimes thought that in the earnestness with
: which he advocates his viewsihe sees very clearly
.what makes for him, and does not see. quite so
clearly what makes against him; yet I have never
questioned his sincerity in the opinions that he
advocates. But although he may be sincere, I
venture to say that nine tenths, if not ninety nine
out of every hundred, of.the people of the United
States and the legal profession will maintain that
"three fourths of the States" means three fourths
of all the States of the United States whieh are
necessary to the adoption of a constitutional
amendment. Whether it be necessary or not, it
is necessary to have them to put the question be-
yond doubt; and therefore I maintain that in this
present exigency there is not and cannot possibly
be a more important question presented to Con-
gress tha'n this very one, whether Louisiana is to
be recognized as a State, with power to v,ote on
this question, in addition to all the other ^strong
reasons that are given why this subje'ci-shoUld be
acted upon. Sir, is there any greater' measure to
be presented to Congress than a question whether
a State shall be represented on this floor? I say
it is not only an important question, but it is a
question of paramount importance, a privileged
question, which takes precedence of other ques-
tions, the question of the admission of a member
of this body.
Now, sir, what is this other question which is
insisted upon and is presented to the Senate as of
such transcendent importance. It is a question
between two railroad companies in the State of
New Jersey, involving the other question, whether
the Congress of the United States shall now as-
sume to do what it never-has assumed to do in
the whole history of the Government, annul the
provisions of the charter ofa company which has
been incorporated under the laws of a State. I
do not desire to enter into a discussion of that
question on its merits at the present time; but
the importance of this question in relation to
Louisiana cannot be overstated, in my opinion.
Mr. SUMMER. I hoped not to say another
word in this discussion, but a remark that fell
from the Senator from Wisconsin does temptme
again into debate. Sir, I cannot conceal my as-
tonishment at the Senator from Wisconsin. The
Congress of the United States has already pro-
posed an amendment to the Constitution to secure
liberty throughout all the land, and to make the
\.oids of the prophecy a reality, '^Proclaim lib-
erty throughout all the land and to.all the inhab-
itants thereof," The Senator from Wisconsin
who voted for that proposition now comes for-
ward swiftly in order to seek to impose upon the
country his own interpretation of the Constitu-
tion so as to prevent that from becoming a prac-
tical reality.
Mr. GONNESS. I do not like to interrupt the
honorable Senator; but, sir, for ten days 1 have
been trying to call up a measure of the greatest
consequence to the people I represent, and here,
on a motion having for its object the mere pre-
cedence of business, not only the question in the
Louisiana matter is discussed,but the question of
the resolutions formerly introduced by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. I do hope that we
shall get to some subject bo that I may get to the
legislative business with which 1 am charged at
some time.
Mr. SUAJNER. Well, Mr. President, I will
not say anything more on the point except to
protest, in the name of liberty and in the name of
the Constitution, against any such interpretation
as the Senator from Wisconsin now seeks to im-
pose.
Mr. DAVIS. I call the Senator to order. I
protest against his making any protest in the
name of or for the Constitution. [Laughter.-")
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator may make his
protest and I shall continue to make mine. } do
protest, in the name of liberty and in the name of
the Constitution, against any such suggestion as
the Senator from Wisconsin has chosen 10 throw
out now in order to arrest the great march of hu-
man freedom. Sir, that constitutional amend-
ment will become a part of our fundamental law
when it has been approved and ratified by nine-
teen Slates of this Union. I submit that question
to the judicial and juridical talent of the land. * I
do not doubt the result. I know already the
opinions of learned lawyers and judges on the
question. I am not alone. If the Senator again
sets himself up on the side of slavery, and by his
interpretations seeks to arrest the great march of
human freedom, he will find himself in the mi-
nority.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair has
several times remarked that no extended debate
can be indulged hi on a motion such aS is now
before the Senate, except by unanimous consent.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. When the Senior refers
to me personally in these terms, I think 1 ought
to- be permitted to reply. The honorable Senator
says that when I again set myself up as the great
defender of the institution of slavery I ought not
to be listened to either by theSenate oMhecoun-
try. Is it forgotten to this Senate how that Sen-
ator struggled against the passage of this consti-
tutional amendment? There is no member of
this body that does not remember with what per-
tinacity, in season and outof season, he struggled
against it,- denouncing it in advance as a useless
undertaking, when I was urging it as the great
measure of peace on this question 'Of slavery;
• that it -was necessary to have the constitutional
amendment to give efficacy- to presidential proc-
lamations; to put this question of freedom where
it could not be disturbed by a change of parties
or a change of Presidents, or a change of the de-
cisions of the Supreme Court. Sir, 1 arraign that
Senator, boastful as he is of being the friend of
freedom- 
Mr. CHANDLER. I call the Senator to order.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I submit that I am not
out of order.
Mr. CHANDLER. The whole debate is out
of order, and 1 call the Senator to order.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Allow me to finish my
sentence, and the Senator from Michigan will
understand whether I am out of order or not.
Instead of my standing in the march of freedom
and in favor of the building up of slavery, I say
that Senator, by struggling against the admis-
sion of the free State of Louisiana now, which
by its constitution has knocked off the shaekle3
of ninety tjiousand slaves that the emancipa-
tion proclamation did not reach, stands in:the
way of freedom, and is throwing the weight
of the influence of his great name in favor of
holding those men still in the condition in which
they were left by the emancipation proclamation,
which excepted them and left them slaves in Lou-
isiana. Talk to me of standing in the march of
freedom under circumstance!! like these! I am
for the constitutional ami mlmcnl which sets free
every slave; not merely the wife or the children
of the soldiers in our armies, but ail their cousins
and all their relatives and all their neighbors: I
am for a measure which is to be effective, and
which is not open to discussion even in Congress
or in the courts; a measure which overrides Con-
gress and the courts and Presidents and parlies,
and puts this question of freedom forever a( rest,
where it never can be disturbed in ibis country.
I arraign him for opposing now the admission of a
free State whose \oice rimy be necessary to the
consummation of thi^ great tneaHure.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING -OFFICER. The Chair
must again remind the Senate that this protracted.
