THE CONGRESSIONAL &LOBE.
mu
discussion cannot be in order. Any personal
explanations may be made,
Mr. SUMNER. I merely wish to set my friend
from Wisconsin right on one point. I do not
.believe he intended to do injustice. He has
strangely misrecollected the facts. I have before
.me a joint resolution submitted, by myself, Feb-
ruary 8, 1864, proposing an amendment to the
Constitution of,the United States.. I am nota.wa.re
that at that time the Senator had made anypar-
.tie^r.expression of opinion on the subject. The
.aniendmerit that I,proposed was in these words:
"Everywhere within.the limits of the United States, and
of escli State ;uid Territory- lUereo!', ;U! persons are equal
before the law. so that jio person can Uold another as a
slave." '
That resolution I maintained, in se^pn and out
of season, always. The Senator hjas no authority
for saying that 1 ever in any respect questioned
or opposed tiie constitutional s^endment. I gaye ■
it my i?iost ardent support. ,At the same time I
did support all,measures against slavery. I sought
by those measures to girdle thetr.ee, while at the
• same time by the, ax I sought to fell the tree to
the ground. The Senator is entirely pnistaken.
I correct him in point of fact.
Mr. DO0LITTLE. I will refer to the Sena-
tor's speeches and give him his language on some
other,occasion. ' I remember,his speeches very
well. . . ' ,
Mr. HOWAR.D. The honorable Senator from
•Wisconsin urges as ,a reason for taking up the
joint resolution, whichjtis proposed now tocon-
'sider, that k is necessary that the ^t^te of Louisi-
ana should be readmitted into the Union in order
to secure the ratification of the amendment pf the
Constitution abolishing jslavery. I dp,not con-
sider that .there is much weight in this reason.
'Let uslook ,yer,y briefly at the fact? as they exist
'.at present; for 1 will not;eonsume the tirpe of the
Senate unnecessarily". Tjie number "of loyal States
'now in the Union.and. acknowledging the author-
ity of the United; Stales ,\yithout the interposition
of military power is twenty-four, and in this num-
ber are included the States of Kentucky, N.ew
"Jersey, and Delaware. This.numberof twenty-
four also includes the very recent State of Nevada.
'The number of disloyal States whic,h. have been
all along and are still covered by the President's
proclamation, as being in a state of insurrection,
is eleven." The whole number of States—.—
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sena-
tor from lV|iehigari yield to the Senator from ilJii-
jnojs? ...
; Mr. HOWARD. Not unless he Calls me to
order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do; I call the Senator
to order; he is not discussing the question of the
order of business.
Mr. HOWARD. I demand that the words
may be.taken down in writing, so that the point
may be in writing.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The point of order is that
the Senator's remarks are irrelevant to the ques-
tion under consideration. .
The.'PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
"has stated at various times that no discussion of
the merits of the measure was in order; but great
indulgence has been extended to ,allow personal
"explanations. The Chair hopes that the Sena-
tor will confine himself entirely to the question.
Mr. HOWARD. Why did not my friend fr,om
Illinois interrupt tlie honorable Senator from Wis-
consin iivhen he was indulging in this same line
of remark? Why does he visit me with his call
to order? , .
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will state to the Sena-
tor from Michigan that I thought the discussion
some time ago was outof,order,and was in hopes
that it would cease; but I give notice now that I
will call the Senator from Wisconsin or anybody
else to order when I think he is trespassing or
out of order.
Mr. HOWARD. I believe the honorable Sen-
ator from Illinois also urged that' as a reason for
taking up this joint resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No.
Mr.HOWARD. I may be mistaken.as to.that.
At all events he considered that the question was
one of great importance. Its importance consists
in that, and very little else, if it has any import-
ance. Now, sir, I want to show that it is not of
so much importance. We have thirty-six States,
including the loyal and the disloyal States. Upon
the hypothesis that it will require three fourths
of all these States, loyal and disloyal, to ratify
the amendment to the Constitution, it will be ne-
cessary that it should be ratified by at least twenty-.
seven States. I do not here state nfy opinion as
to the correctness of that hypothesis, but I know
that hypothesis is entertained by many gentle-
men in this Chamber. According to it, there must
be a ratification by twenty-seven States. Sup-
pose We deduct from the twenty-four'loyal States
the States of New Jersey, Delaware, and Ken-
tucky. That will leave only twenty-one which
at present can be relied upon to ratify this amend-
ment to the Constitution. What sort of use then
will it be at present to introduce Louisiana* It
will only increase the number of certain.States to
twenty-two, and that will bejust five short of the
necessary three fourths. Why, therefore, press
this matter upon Us ? X have no more to say on
the question.
The, question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, CarlileJ'Coilaiiier, Dixon, Doo-
little, Foster, Grimes, Hale,Harlan,Harris, Johnson, Lane
of Indiana, Nesmiih,itiehardson, laddie, Te^EycIc, Trum-
bull, Van Winkle, Willey, and Wright—20.'
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew; Chandler, Conness, Davis,
Farweli, Font, Ilendtieks, Howard, Lane of Kansas, Mor-
gan, Nye, Ramsey, Sprague, Stewait, Sumner, Wade, and
Wilkinson—17.
ABSENT—Messrs: Anthpnj', Clark, Cowan,. Harding,
Henderson, Howe, McUoti^all, Morrill, Pomeroy Powell,
Sauisbury, Sherman, and Wilson—13.
So the motion-was'agreed to. '' ' ,
STATE GOVERN iVtJMT OF LOUISIANA .Ny
The joint resolution (S. R. No. 117) rccngniSs^
ing the government of the State of Louisiana,'.was
read-a second time, and considered as in Com-
mitee of the Whole; The resolution is as follows;
Resolved, lje., That the United States do herohy recog-
nize the government of the State of Louisiana, inaugurated
under and by the .convention winch assembled on the 6th
day of April, A.' I). 18114, at the eity'of New Orleans, as
the legitimate government of said State, entitled to the
guarantee and all other rights Of a State government under
the .Constitution of the United States.
, T.he joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. I. have an amendment to
offer.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 'I should like to pro-
pound.a question to the chairniaji of the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary. Why is it that he reports
-i* joint resolution for Louisiana', excluding Arkan-
sas which stands in the same position ?
Mr. TRUMBCJLL. I will state that it 'was
thought more advisable by the Committee on the,
Judiciary to act upon the State of Louisiana sep-
arately. The facts are not precisely the same in
Louisiana and in Arkansas, though the principle
may be very similar, <and it was thought that it
would, perhaps, complicate the matter to put the
-two. together. The principle upon which the
-committee have reported this joint resolution, if
adopted by the Senate, would be made appbcable
of course to any other State. This had been re-
ferred separately to the committee, and it was
thought best to act upon one case first.
" Mr. JOHNSON. If thechaifman will permit
me, I thirik he will remember that the Arkansas
case was not before the committee at the time we
were hearing this case, and hence the resolution
is limited to the Louisiana case.
Mr; TRUMBULL. It was not before ys when
the Louisiana case was first considered, but it
'came' before us before it was finally,disposed of.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Do fflfe committee
expect to .report'the Arkahsas case during the
present session P1'
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it is the intention
of the committee to act immediately upon the
Arkansas case when this is disposed of.
Mr: SUMNER. I move to strike out all of
the resolution after the enacting clause, and to
insert the following in lieu thereof:
That neither the people nor the ijegislature of any State,
'.the people of which were declared to be in insurrection
against the United States by the proclamation of the Pres-
ident, dated August 16,1881, shall lieieafter elect Repre-
sentatives or Senators to the Congress of the Iftiiteu States
until the President, by proclamation, shall have declared
that armed hostility to the Government of the United States
within such State has ceased ; nor until the peopleof such
State shall have adopted a constitution of government not
repugnant to the Constitution and laivsoftlie United States;
nor until, by a law of Congress, such State shall have been
declared to be entitled to representation in the Congress of
the United States of America. „
I ask for the yeas and nays upon the amend-
ment. ■ i-';
The yeas and nays were ordered. ■
Mr. TRUMBULL. I merely wish to say that
I trust the amendment will not be adopted. Al-
though the general features of the amendment
would not be unacceptable to me in most of'its
features, still'-I think it better not to adopt it -With
reference to the State of Louisiana at'this time.
It would not operate upon this particular case, be- •
cause it is prospective. Another objection to' it
is, ifl- heard it readcorreetly, that it would put it
in the power of the President to keep out a Stafe
forever by refusing to issue his proclamation, ff
do not believe in placing any such power in tWe
hands of the President. When Congress'think
proper to admit,the Senators and Representatives
from a State I think they should be permitted to
do so; and to say that'no representation shall be
had until the President issues a certain proclama-
tion'^'what 1 am not willing to say.
The question being: taken by yeas tlnd nays,
resulted—yeas 8,|tfayfe 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. BtWa, Contiess, Grimes, Howard,
Spragues'SteWart, Sumneiy and Wade—8.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Carlile, Collamer,
Cowan, Dijon, Doolittle, Farweli, Poster, Hate, Harlan,
Harris, Hendricks, Jo'hnson, Lane of "Indiana, Lane of
Kansas, Morgan, Mori ill, Nesnltth, Nye, Pomeroy, Powell,
Ramsey. Richardson, Kiddie, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Willey,
and Wright—09.- ; . ■ , '
ABSENT--®Ies5rs. Chandler, CJIark, Davis, Foot, Hard-
ing, "Henderson; Howe: -McDougall, Salisbury, Sherman,
Van Winkle/and Wilkinson—12. ' v
So the amendment was rejected.
jVIr. PpWELL. I desire to make some re-
marks upon this subject, but 1 am not prepared
 to do so to-day. The Senate this morning passed
aHujsnl^tion requesting the President to. transmit
to ui^^fcertain order issued 'by General. Banks,
which m a very important document to have in
the discission. If no other Senator wishes to
address the Senate on the subjefct, I mo.ve that
the resolution be postponed until to-morrow, by
which time we shall probably receive that order,
and I shall then be prepared to address the Sen-
ate, very briefly however, on this subject. I do
not suppose I shall occupy more than a few-
minutes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I dislike very much to
have this matter go over, but I certainly will not
be discourteous to the Sertator. from-Kentucky.
I think; the Senatorfrom Kentucky is apprised af
the contents of the order.nbout.which ne wished
to comment; th^i the substance of it is embraced
in a report already submitted to the House of
Representatives.. I do not know;whether'he to-ill
be able to get an answer to his resolution by to-
morrow, and 1 think it vpry questionable whether
the order to which he alludes is in the possession
of.the President. I.submit to him whether he
cannot proceed to-day. If the resolution goes
over, and we waitfor the answer to this inquiry,
it may be postponed for a number of days.
Mr. POWELt. ' I cannot proceed to:day for
another reason: I" did not expect this measure
would,be called up jlorday, and-all my papers on
ti(,e subject are in my room. I will inform the
Senator, however, that I do not ask for a post-
ponement longer than to-morrow morning. It
the President does not send an answer to the reso-
lution of the Senate by that time, I shall then be
ready to procced 'with my remarks.
Mr. TRUMBULL. According to the uniform
practice of the Senate, if the Senator from Ken-
tucky insists upon the resolution going over, and
no other Senator,is prepared to make any remarks
upon the question, I cannot resist it, and it will
have to go over, I suppose. If it does, I think
we had better make it the .special order at one
o'clock, so as to dispose of it to-morrow. With
that understanding, I shall not resist the motion,
if the Senator will move to make it the special
order for to-morrpw at one o'clock.
Mr. POWELL-. I am perfectly willing to do
that. I was in hopes that some other Senator
desired to discuss it to-day.
Mr. TRUMBCJLL. I hope if any other Sen-
ator wishes to speak that we .will go on with the
discussion to-day.
Mr. POWELL. If any other Senator -wishes
to sneak to-dny I will withdraw the motion. .,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. . DuestheSen-
ator withdraw the motion ?
Mr. POWELL. Yes, sir.
