1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
gentleman tell me why they enumerated the three
subjects which were excepted from the operations
of this power ? Sir, the position upon the part of
those of us who contend for the undoubted exist-
ence of the power to adopt this resolution rests
upon this immovable base, that the powers which
are gianted by the Constitution of the United
States are plenary, and that they have no limits
except in the restrictions which the Constitution
itself contains. I deny the premise upon which
the whole argument of the gentleman from Ohio
is founded, to wj>t, that the grant of this power of
amendment isalimited power. I contend,on the
contrary, that it is an unlimited power in common
with all otherpowers which are expressly granted
in the Constitution, except in so far as you find
a limitation of them in the Constitution itself.
I must therefore be allowed to say that I was
somewhat surprised when I heard the distin-
guished gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Boutwell] subscribe in a kind of qualified man-
ner to the position which was assumed by the
gentleman from Ohio, when he said that neither
did he believe that it was an unlimited power,
but that its limitations were found in the preamble
of the Constitution. To say that the limitations
are found in the preamble is to say, perhaps, that
there are no limitations, which would bring the
distinguished gentleman from Massachusetts to
the point I occupy myself; because the preamble
is so extensive, it embraces such a great and end-
less variety of subjects, and is so comprehensive
in its scope, that if you construe the Constitution
by the preamble you may bring almost anything
within (lie scopc of the powers granted.
Mr. DAWES. I would ask the gentleman if
the preamble itself was not submitted to the States
like all other parts of theConstitution; and if the
frameis of the Constitution did not also say, in
piescribing that three fourths of the States might
amend the Constitution, that to them should be
addressed the question what would contribute to
a more perfect union, what would establish jus-
tice, and secure public tranquillity? And there-
fore, in that way, is not the power perfectly un-
limited, the three fourths of the States being the
law-makers and the law-expounders? I ask the
gentleman if it is not just as competent for that
tribunal to alter the preamble as it is to alter any
other part of the instrument? And further,whether
it is not competent for that tribunal, there being
no appeal from it, to say that anything, save the
limitations prescribed by the instrument itself,
does or does not contribute to the ends set forth
in the preamble, even to the extent of permitting
a man of foreign birth to be chosen Piesidcnt of
the United States? May not that tribunal of three
fourths of the States say that that contributes in
their opinion to the very purposes of the pream-
ble; and therefore that the King of Dahomey
might be just as eligible after that to the Presi-
dency as any other living man.
Mr. THAYER,. 1 do not think I disagree with
the views of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawes.] The preamble of the Constitu-
tion is undoubtedly a part of the Constitution,
and it is that part which indicates the general
purpose and intention of the framers. What 1
meant to express by what I said was simply this,
that the objects named in the preamble are of such
an extensive character that practically it operates
as no restriction or limitation upon any power
confeired by the Constitution. When, for in-
stance, the preamble says that one of the objccts
is to promote the general welfare, it must be ob-
vious to all that within the limits of such general
language you may bring almost any proposition
which will command the general approbation.
And you cannot deduce from the preamble any
fixed rule for the construction of the Constitution,
because men's ideas will differ as to what is meant
by these general phrases, and there is hardly any-
thing which may not be brought within their op-
eration.
I may add to what I have said upon that sub-
ject, that if anything can be shown clearly not to
be within the purview of those general declara-
tions in the preamble, that of course being with-
out the intention of the framers, it would be in
contravenfion of the Constitution.
Mr. EOLTWELL. Possibly I did not make
myself fully understood ycsteiday in reference to
thi* preamble. H is, as it seems to me, a decla-
ration of motal and political truths on which the
Constitution is based, rather than a part of the
Constitution itself. It does not contain a specifi-
cation of duties; it does not contain an enumera-
tion of powers; and it is not a declaration of partic-
ular rights, either of the General Government, or
of States, orof individuals. What I meanttosay,
if I can make myself understood, was this, that
if you proceed, under the Constitution, to amend
it, and intend to preserve the form of government
which was provided for in the Constitution, you
mustkeep yourselves within thexleclarations made
in the preamble as to the purposes for which the
Constitution was formed. As to what measures
are within those purposes there must always be
a judgment, but 1 think mankind would agree that
if we were to amend the preamble so as to declare
that the object of the union was the perpetuation
of injustice, we could not say, when we had so
amended it, that it was the same form of gov-
ernment which our fathers set up. There is
evidently this distinction: an amendment to the
Constitution, under the Constitution, by which
wc perpetuate the same form of government, and
the overthrow of the Constitution, which is a revo-
lutionary proceeding, and which unquestionably
belongs in some form or other to the people.
I should say, as a matter of opinion, that if a
proposition were made to amend the Constitution
so as to establish slavery everywhere, that is so
manifestly contrary to the principles of justice
that if you adopted it it would bo an overthrow
of this form of government, and you could not
appeal morally to the Constitution and say to the
one fourth of the States dissenting from that prop-
osition, " You are morally bound by this." You
might legally enforce, as a motter of power, the
authority of the Government derived from the
people of the three fourths of the States over the
dissenting one fourth. But when, in the judg-
ment of ail mankind, you depart from the objccts
for which the Constitution was framed you will
have set up a new form of government, and you
must seek in the people themselves, in their judg-
ment, for the moral basis on which the new form
of government is to rest. The moral basis on
which this Government rests is set forth m the
preamble to the Constitution, and upon that you
must rely, according to the judgment of men, for
the moral support which any amendment you may
make is to receive from the people.
Mr, DAWES. With the consent of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, I will say that my diffi-
culty about my colleague's argument is this, that
the very considerations which he has now urged,
the frameis of the Constitution referred to pre-
cisely this same tribunal to which they referred
proposed amendments; they refer a pioposed
amendment to the Constitution to that tribunal,
and they refer along with it the question whether
it is a departure from the fundamental principles
of the Government or not; and from the decision
of that tribunal there is no appeal. Going along
with that decision there is the right of revolution,
which is a right existing in every man's breast;
he takes the responsibility of judging for himself
whether there is any departure fiom the original
fundamental basis of the Government, and if he
succeeds in maintaining his judgment he is free,
otherwise he is bound by the obligations of the
Constitution. So it seems tome; and, therefore,
as the gentleman from Pennsylvania has well said,
practically my colleague's definition of the lim-
itation which he puts upon the right of amend-
ment comes right round m a circle to this, whether
it be a departure or not, which question is referred
to the same tribunal which is to pass upon the
amendment itself.
It seems to me, therefore, that the Constitution
makes a tribunal to which are to be referred all
these questions—both the question of the char-
acter of the amendment and the question whether
it is a departure from the fundamental principles
of the Government or not. It is not acase where
one tribunal makes the amendment and another
tribunal passes upon the obligation of it. The
Supreme Court of the United States passes upon
the laws we make, and decides whether they are
departures from the Constitution or not. This is
a case as if the Supreme Court and the Legisla-
tuie were one and the same body, making a law
and expounding it and deciding whether it be a
drpaituiv from the Constitution or not in one and
the same breath. With tho exception of the lim-
itations which the frameis of tUe Constitution
themselves chose to put upon the acts they havfe
recited, they have erected a tribunal into whose
keeping they have put the decision of all questions
touching the nature, form, and character of the
Governmentitself,withoutappeal, leaving toevery
man and to every body of men the inalienable
right of revolution, and leaving to every man the
responsibility before God of deciding whether lie
will exercise it or not, and maintain it if he can.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. Speaker,lean subscribe
most heartily to the sentiment which I have
listened to from the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Dawes.] The point that I make is
that every power granted by the Constitution is
complete in itself; may be exerted to its utmost
extent, and acknowledges no limitation except
that which is written in the Constitution. Now,
sir, that announcement of a principle contains
nothing new. That is a principle with which the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Pendleton] cannot
possibly be unfamiliar, because it has been for
years the doctrine, the solemnly adjudged doc-
trine, of the highestjudicial tribunal of this country
in expounding the Constitution. It is the doctrine
laid down by Chief Justice Marshall in Gibbons
and Ogden. It is a doctrine which has never been
departed from by that august tribunal from the
day on which Marshall and his illustrious asso-
ciates gave it utterance and authority in the Su-
preme Court of the United States, if it be said,
as was said by the gentleman from Ohio and oth-
ers, that that embraces an absurdity, that if the
power is unlimited, anything, no matter how
much opposed to the moral law, no matter hoftr
subversive of civil government, may be tolerated
under such a construction of the Constitution, I
answer, not, sir, in my own language, but in the
language of that illustrious judge to whom I have
already referred.
i( The wisdom and the discretion of Congress* their
identity willi the people, and the influence which their con-
stituents possess at elections, are in this as in many other
instances, as that, for example, of declaring war, the sole
restraints on winch they [the people} have relied to secure
them from its abuse- They are the re^tiaints on which the
people most often rely solely in ali representative Govern-
ments. "
When you ask me, therefore, whether, if the
people of the United States were so to amend the
Constitution as to enable them to enslave the
white freemen of the North, that would be bind-
ing, I answer you by asking you what, in your
opinion, would be the effect of a law legalizing the
crime of murder, whether, in your opinion, you
would be bound to obey such a law, whetheryou
would be bound to obey any law that contravenes
the moral law established by the Creator ? Sir,
there is no sound argument to be founded on the
putting of such extreme cases. The people of the
United States hold their liberties under theirown
protection and in their own keeping. If the men
they send to the halls of legislation abuse the trust
reposed in them, if they enact immoral laws, un-
just laws, laws that subvert the very foundations
of human society, the remedy is with the people.
The people would, in that event, clear these Halls
of the men who made them, and would send here
men who would enact laws in accordance with
their welfare, with justice, with morality, and
with free and equal government.
Sir, when the gentleman from Ohio puts an
extieme case in order to overthrow the settled
principles which I have stated, namely, that where
ever you find a grant of power in the Constitu-
tion that grant is unlimited, except it be limited
by the Constitution itself, he relies (he will allow
me to say, with the utmost respect for him) on
what can be shown to be a very shallow fallacy.
In the first place, there is no danger of the Rep-
resentatives of the people enacting such laws,
and in the second place, if they were to enact
such jaws they would be whipped from these
Ilalls by the people whose liberties and whoso
rights they had outraged, and the people would
send here men who would repeal such laws and
punish those who made them.
Well, sir, we have then a new doctrine an-
nounced, and that is that when a power is granted
and there is no limitation on that power, there is,
notwithstanding, a limitation, and that limitation
is to depend on the fluctuating opinions of the
members of this House. The gentleman says
that although there is plainly written in the Con-
stitution the power to propose amendments, and
although the authors of the Constitution enu-
