1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1013
defended. But in the performance of public duty
I am indifferent to both.
The apology is too obvious. 14 Nothing but good
of the dead. This is a familiar saying, which,'
to a certain extent, may be acknowledged. But
it is entirely inapplicable when statues and busts
are proposed in honor ofthe dead. Then, at least,
truth must prevail.
If a man has done evil during life he must not
be complimented in'marble. And if indiscreetly
it'is proposed to decree such a signal honor, then
the evil he has done must be exposed; nor shall
any false delicacy seal my lips. It is not enough
that he held high place, that he enjoyed worldly
honors, or was endowed with intellectual gifts.
" Who wickedly is wise, or madly brave,
la but the more a fool, the more a knave."
- What is the office of Chief Justice, if it has
been used to betray Human Rights? The crime
is great according to the position of the criminal.
If you were asked, sir, to mention the incident
of our history previous to the rebellion which was
inall respects most worthy of condemnation, most
calculated to cause the blush of shame, and most
deadly in its consequences, I do not doubt that
you would say the Dred Scott decision, and es-
pecially the wicked opinion of the Chief Justice
on that occasion. I say this with pain. I do not
seek this debate. But when a proposition is made
to honor the author of this wickedness with a
commemorative bust, at the expense of the coun-
try, I am obliged to speak plainly.
I am not aware that the English judges who
decided contrary to Liberty in the case of ship-
money, and thus sustained the king in those pre-
tensions which ended in civil war, have ever been
commemorated in marble. I am not aware that
Jeffreys, Chief Justice and Chancellor of£ngUnd,
famous for his talents as for his crimes,has found
any niche in Westminster Hall No, sir. They
have been left to the judgment of history, and
there I insist that Taney shall be left in sympa-
thetic companionship. Each was the tool of un-
just power. But the Power which Taney served
was none other than thatSlave Power which has
involved the country in war.
I speak what cannot be denied when I declare
that the opinion of the Chief Justice in the case
of Dred Scott was more thoroughly abominable
than anything of the kind in the history of courts.
Judicial baseness reached itslowest pointonthat
occasion. You have not forgotten that terrible
decision where a.most unrighteous judgment was
sustained by a falsification of history. Of course
the Constitution of the United States and every
principle of Liberty was falsified, but historical
truth was falsified also. I have here the authentic
report of the case, from which it appears that the
Chief Justice, while enforcing his unjust conclu-
sion which was to blast a whole race, used the
following language:
" It is difficult at this day to realize the state of public
opinion in relation to that unfortunate race, which Drevailed
in the civilized and enlightened portions of the vv^Rd at the
time of the Declaration of Independence., and when the Con-
stitution of the United States was framed and adopted. But
the public history of every European nation displays U in a
manner too plain to he mistaken,
" They had for more than a century before been regarded
as beings of an inferior order and altogether unfit to associ-
ate with the white lace, either in social or political rela-
tions ; and so far inferior that they had no rights which the
white man was bound to respect,.and that the negro might
justly and lawfully be reduced to slavery for his benefit.*'—
19 Howard's Reports, 407.
In these words, solemnly and authoritatively-
uttered by the Chief Justice of the United States,,
humanity and truth were set at naught, and the
whole country was humbled. "Then you and
I and all of us fell down while bloody slavery
flourished over us."
I quote his words fully so thkt there can be no
mistake. Here then is his expressed assertion,
that at the Declaration of Independence in 1776,
and the adoption of the national Constitution in
1789, in Europe as well as in our own country,
" colored men had no rights which white men were
bound to respect." Jfow.^sir, this is false—
atrociously false. It is notorious that there were
States of the Union where, at the adoption of the
Constitution, colored persons were free, and even
in the enjoyment of the electoral franchise, while
in England the Somerstlt case had already decided
that there could be no distinction of persons on
account of color, and Scotland, Holland, and
France had all declared the same rule, On this
point there can be no question. And. yet this
Chief Justice, whom you propose to honor with
a marble bust, had the unblushingeffrontery to de-
clare that at that time, as well abroad as at home,
" colored men had no rights which white men were
bound to respect;" and. this he said in order to
justify a wicked interpretation of the Constitution.
Search the judicial annals and you will find no per-
version of truth more flagrant.
Sir, it is not fit, it is not decent, that such a
person should be commemorated by a vote of
Congress; especially at this, time when liberty is
at last recognized. If you have money to appro-
priate in this way, let it be in honor of the de-
fenders of liberty now gathered to their fathers.
There was John Cluincy Adams. There also
was Joshua R. Giddings. Le.t their busts be
placed in the court-room, if you please, where
with marble lips they can plead always for hu-
man rights and teach judge and advocate the
glory and the beauty of justice. Then will you
do something not entirely unworthy of a regen-
erated land; something which willbe.an example
for future times; something which will help to
fix the standard of history.
I know that in the court-room there are busts
of the other Chief Justices. Very well. So in
the hall ofthe doges, at Venice, there are pictures
of all who filled that high office in unbroken suc-
cession, with the exception of Marino Faliero,
who,although as venerablefrom years as Taney,
was deemed unworthy of a place in that line.
Where his picture should have been there was a
vacant space which testified always to the justice
of the republic. Let such a vacant space in our
court-room testify to the justice of our Republic.
Let it speak in warning to all who would betray
liberty.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no amend-
ment be proposed, the resolution will be reported
to the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I move to strike out the name
of" Roger B. Taney" and insert "Joshua R.
Giddings," and on that I ask for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it would be just
as appropriate to put in the name of " Joshua R.
Giddings, a justice of the Supreme Court"-into
this resolution, as is the Senator's speech, follow-
ing to his grave and denouncing a man who has
stood high, certainly, as an able jurist, for a quar-
ter of a century and more in this country. The
Senator talks about honoring Roger B. Taney.
Sir, Roger B. Taney has passed beyond your as-
saults or your honors. He has gone where the
feelings of hate and animosity or love and affec-
tion can reach him no more; and I for one am not
for undertaking to follow a departed brother into
that other world for the purpose of denouncing
him. I agree that the decision in the Dred Scott
case was wrong. I always thought so. The Sen-
ator has read from it, and he says that the late
Chief Justice made a mistake as to the,truth of
history, that he made a statement in regard to the
condition of the negro at the time of the Declara-
tion of Independence which was no-t true. Sup-
pose he did; what has that to do with the question
of preservingin the Supreme Courtof the United
States busts of the Chief Justices of that court?
Every man who has presided over that eminent
tribunal from the foundation of the Government
has had his bust preserved in marble. It is pro-
posed to continue that custom. Chief Justice Ta-
ney presided there foralong time; Marshall him-
self did notsit there much longer. I will not under-
take to institute a comparison between Marshall
and Taney. They were great men, both of them,
great jurists, and each has shed luster upon the
judicial tribunal over which he presided. Each
was a man of great ability, of great learning, of
great purity of character, and I am sorry that the
Senator from Massachusetts should come in with
this denunciation of a man against whom he can
find no fault except that he made an erroneous
decision. If the Senator from Massachusetts had
presided, or should ever preside over the Supreme
Court of the Uflited States for thirty years, he
would be more than man if he did not make any
erroneous decision.
I do not desire to take'up time on this question.
We wish to do for Chief Justice Taney what we
have done for the other judges who presided over
that court, and we have done it in every instance,
and the insertion of the name of Mr. Giddings
as now proposed is so inappropriate, so out of
place, that I cannot suppose it will receive any
support.
Mr. SUMNER. I withdraw the amendment,
and am willing to come to a direct vote.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, 1 d<5 not propose
to indulge in any denunciation against ChiefiJus-
tice Taney, or say anything that I think any#>f
his friends have a right to be offended at. But,
sir, the placing of a marble bust of any man in
any public place by the act of the Government
is an indication that the Government highly es-
teem and regard his memory and his character
and his example, and that they will cherish his
fame and take this mode of perpetuating his name
and memory in enduring marble. If it has not
that meaning- it has no. meaning at all. I appre-
hend Congress would not be willing to pass agen-
erai act that whoever has heretofore been, or shall
hereafter be Chief Justice of the Supreme Court
of the United States, should have a marble bust
placed up in the court-room. If that was the char-
acter of the act, it would have no value at all.
But when the Congress of the United States di-
rect that a marble bust of a certain individual
shall be preserved in a public place it is an indi-
cation to the world, to the present time, and to
coming ages, that the Congress and the people of
the United States deem him to have been- worthy
of such distinguished honor. *
  Sir, all that has been said about the ability of
Chief Justice Taney may be true. I confess that
while he was upon the bench, a portion of the
time, to say the least, I was in the practice of the •
law, and had occasion to know something about
him; and I began to feel, yes, sir, I began to hope
that before he went off the stage of action he would
do something to redeem his memory from the
opprobri*iYi and the odium under which it rested,
in my humble judgment, for the manner that he
came on the bench. Unfortunately for the Su-
preme Court of the United States, it has not been
the fashion to appoint men there because they are
lawyers, but rather because they are not lawyers,
and in some cases because they not only are not
lawyers-but in all human probability never can
be lawyers. That is what gets men on the bench
ef the Supreme Court of the United States; and if
you get one that is a lawyer, it is a mere accicteht.
I remember discussing in this body the question
of confirming a man to a seat on that bench, and
the discussion was not whether he was a lawyer
but whether he entertained sound views 'efW the''
question of the negro; and we had the assurance
of Mr. Benjamin, of Louisiana, and others 6f that
ilk and school, that upon this transcendent ques- -
tion the candidate was sound. The Senate did
not go any further than that; they confirmed him,
and confirmed him for that reason; and I suppose
if it should so happen in the course of nature or
politics that that individual should be made Chief
Justice we should have to put up a marble bust
of him because the precedents are that way.
Iam opposed to this being done in this partic-
ular instance, because whatever Judge Taney
may have been—he may have been as good a
judge as the Senator from Maryland thinks him
to have been,orasmy friend from Illinois thinks,
—he will be known to posterity outside of the
legal profession, he will be known to the world,
by the Dred Scott decision. That will associate
itself with his memory,and his memory will as-
sociate itself with that. There have been very
distinguished judges in England, an(| some of
them are distinguished and their memory is cher-
ished and held in reverence by posterity at the
present time in connection with some great judg-
ment that they gave illustrative of some great
principle; and in future ages, when the history of
this time and of the controversy in which we are
now engaged, and through which we have gone,
shall go down to posterity, Judge Taney and the •
Dred Scott decision will go together; the name
of Dred Scott will bring up Roger B. Taney, and
the name of Roger B. Taney will bring up Dred
Scott. There they are for evil or for good, and
thus associated they will live through all coming
time as long as the history of this country and
the history, of the great trial through which it
has passed is remembered and preserved, and it is
for,this decision and by this decision that Judge
Taney becomes eminent.
Entertaining that opinion and believing beyond
controversy that to be the fact, I am not willing
