1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
247
be referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I present the petition of John
P. Andrews, of Salem, Massachusetts, in which
he sets forth the loss by him of a United States
five-twenty bond for $500, and he asks that pro-
vision may be made for the reimbursement of
the same to him by causing a new certificate to be
made out payable to his order. As the question
involved in this memorial is already before the
Committee on Finance, on some other petitions
that have been presented, I ask the reference of
this to the same committee.
Mr. GRIMES. Those other petitions have
been referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon;
they were referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr, GRIMES. They were reported back by
the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] and on
his motion referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. SUMNER. I was not aware of it. I ask
the attention of the Senator from Ohio to this mat-
ter. There was one memorial that I presented
from a banking house in New Yoik and Boston
relating to the loss of certain certificates, in regard
to winch they ask not only a remedy in their own
case, but legislation of a general character appli-
cable to ail such cases in the future. Has any-
thing been done with regard to that?
Air. SHERMAN. I can state to the Senator
that ( reported the memorial referred to the other
day adversely. The claim was for interest on
bonds. The bonds had been lost in the mail, and
after they became due the Secretary of the Treas-
ury required one year to elapse before he would
pay the principal and interest of the bonds. At
the expiration of the year, the principal and in-
terest were paid; but these parties claimed inter-
est af'er the bonds matured, during the year the
Secretary would not pay them. The committee
were unanimously of the opinion that there was
no j«ist ground of claim; it was the misfortune of
'the parties that they lost their bonds. As soon
as the proper time elapsed, the time that has been
e->Ubhshed and deemed proper in the Treasury
Department, the bond was paid.
Air. SUMNER. Do I understand from the
Senator that the committee were of opinion that
there was no necessity for further legislation?
Air. SHERMAN. Not on that point. There
is pionaljly a necessity for legislation if Congress
is willing to pay for legal tenders lost or de-
stroyed. " If they are, it will be necessary to pass
an act of Congress on the subject. My own
judgment is against it. When parties lose their
legal tenders, unless they are destroyed and iden-
tified by numbers and description so clear that
they may be replaced by other notes beating the
same numbers, i think it is the misfortune of the
party who loses them, and he cannot call upon
Congress to repair that loss; but if Congress
should at any time think that the parties arc en-
tilled to relief, then there ought to be a general
bill passed on the subject.
Air. SUMNER. Then, as I understand the
Senator, a petition, such as I have now presented,
which concerns an individual case of loss is not
proper to the Committee on Finance, but simply
for the Committee on Claims.
Mr. SHERMAN. They have all gone to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; let this petition
go to the same committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so re-
ferred.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that Joseph P. Wood-
buiy,of Boston, Massachusetts, have leave to
withdraw his memorial and accompanying papers
from the files of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Has there been an
adverse report?
Air. GRIMES. There has been an adverse re-
pott; but the memoiial is an application to Con-
gress to make an appropriation of money for the
purpose of constructing a submarine gun. It is
not the case of a claim against the Government.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Theorder will be
made, if there be no objection.
IU2POUTS FltOM COMMITTEES.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the memorial of
C. C. Hutchins, Indian agent for the Ottawas,
praying indemnity for the loss of a Treasury
draft, which was lost in the destruction of the
Lawrence Bank, of Lawrence, Kansas, by the
rebel duantrell, on the 21st day of August last,
reported adversely thereon, arid asked that it be
indefinitely postponed; which was agreed to.
He also, from the Committee on the District of
Columbia, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
376) to amend an act entitled "An act to amend
an act to incorporate the inhabitants of the city
of Washington, passed May 15,182(1,"approved
May 5, 1864, reported it with an amendment.
Air. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 520) for the relief of Samuel Beaston, master
of the schooner George Harris, reported it ad-
versely, and moved that it be indefinitely post-
poned; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was recommitted the bill (II. R. No. 43) for the
relief of Aiilo Suthff and Levi IL Case, reported
it adversely, and moved that it be indefinitely
postponed; which was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the joint resolution (II. R.
No. 94) for the relief of Peter Wheeler, reported
it adversely, and moved its indefinite postpone-
ment; which was agreed to.
He also, from the snme committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 94) for the relief
of Isaac R. Ddicr, reported u with an amendment.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 516)
for the relief of Francis Munson, reported it ad-
versely, and moved its indefinite postponement;
which was agreed to.
Air. COLLAMER, from the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (H. Pv. No. 623) to amend an act
entitled ''An act to provide for carrying the mails
from the United States to foreign ports, and for
other purposes,5> approved March 25, 1864, re-
ported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 389) relating to clerk-
ships in the Post Office Department, reported it
without amendment.
Mr. COLLAMER. I move that the letter of
the Postmaster General accompanying that bill be
printed for the use of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
GEORGE MOWKEY.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Claims,
to whom was rcffired the bill (PI. R. No. 458)
for the relief of Geoigc Mowiey, have had the
same under consideration, and direct me to report
it back without amendment and recommend its
passage. As it is a bill involving only the sum of
seventy-two dollars, I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate for its immediate consideration.
Thete being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill, which dnects the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to George Mowrey the sum of $72 12 in
full payment fur conveying two piisoners from
Somerset j.til in Pennsylvania to Pittsburg, in the
year 1841, by order of the United States deputy
marshal for the western district of Pennsylvania.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordcied to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
EDMUND S. ZEVELY.
Mr. COLLAMEIl. The Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
memorial ot Edmund S. Zevely, praying to be
relieved from a contract of his with the Post Office
Department, have directed me to report a biil for
his relief; and as it is a small bill, I desire that it
may be put on its passage now.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 395) for
the relief of Edmund S. Zevely was resid twice
by its title, and considered as inCommittee of the
Whole. It proposes to authorize and empower
Edmund S. Zevely to put an end to his contract
with the United States entered into with the Post-
master General on the 24th of Alarch, 1853, for
furnishing the Post Office Department with box-
wood marking and rating stamps, on giving the
Postmaster General sixty days' notice in writing.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
QUOTAS OF THE STATES.
Mr. RIDDLE. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and ask for its immediate consideration,as
1 presume there will be no objection to it:
Resolved^That the Secretary of VVnr be directed to in-
form the Senate what number of soldiers and sailors the
several loyal States (embracing the States of Maine, New
Hampshire, Vermont, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Con-
necticutfNcw York, New Jorsfy, Pennsylvania, Delaware,
Maryland, West Virginia, Kentucky, Ohio, Indiana, Illi-
nois, Missouri, Michigan, Wisconsin, Iowa, Minnesota,
California, Oregon, and Kansas, and the District of Co-
lumbia) have turnished the Army and Navy under the
proclamation and order of the President for five hundred
thousand men, dated July 18,1864.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there any ob-
jection to the present consideration of the resolu- -
tion ?
Mr. BROWN. I have no objection to its con-
sideration if it is to be referred to a committee.
Does the Senator propose to refer it to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs?
Mr. RIDDLE. I am confident that the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs is in favor of it, and I
will make astatement which I am sure will satisfy
the Senator that the resolution should be acted
upon now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The first question
is to ascertain whether there is any objection to
the present consideration of the resolution. The
Chair hoars none, and it is before the Senate.
Mr. RIDDLE. The information which the
resolution .is designed to produce is very anx-
iously looked for by thousands of citizens in all
the loyal States, more particularly in those States
which border upon the States in rebellion, and
which have responded to every draft made upon
their people. By the proclamation of the Presi-
dent of the 19(h of December last, it appears that
but two hundred and forty thousand of the five
hundred thousand men called for in July were
obtained,leaving a deficiency of two hundred and
sixty thousand. In consequence of this a draft
of three hundred thousand has been ordered by
the President. By the census of 18G0 the States
mentioned in my resolution, including the District
of Columbia, contained in round numbers twenty-
three million people. This number is doubtless
greater now, but I will assume it to be the same.
The State which I in part represent here had a
population of one hundred and twelve thousand
two hundred and sixteen. Out of this population
Delaware has furnished two thousand four hun-
dred and forty-five rr>en, allowing a small credit
under the proclamation of the 18th of July last.
If Senators will make the calculation—it is asim-
! pie one—they will find that this amounts to alit-
tle more than our quota for the five hundred
thousand men. And yet the idea has gone abroad
that the small States where the drafts are enforced
with ease and rapidity must be taxed to fill up the
deficiency created by the failure of the draft in the
larger States. Justice certainly protests against
such a policy, and I think the Senate will gladly
afford the opportunity to the Secretary of War to
furnish the information. The resolution is offered
with the very kindest spirit to that officer, and
I believe he will cheerfully respond to it, and with
alacrity. 1 cannot see any earthly objection to the
resolution.
Mr. BROWN. I move that this resolution be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
In doing so I simply desire to say that I think
it is far more appropriate that this subject should
be acted upon advisedly than in the hurry of the
moment, touching as it does the number and
character of our forces in the field, and upon
which we may rely for active military operations.
1 think it is certainly desirable that we should
look before we act in this matter. I therefore
move its reference to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
BILLS INDEFINITELY POSTPONED.
Mr. WILSON. There are three or four bills
on the table which the Committee on Military
Affairs have reported back with a request that
the committee be discharged from their further
consideration. They are of no importance now,
and I wish to get them off the Calendar. I desire
therefore to take them up with a view to their in-
definite postponement. I will first move to take
up Senate bill No. 103.
The motion was agreed to,and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 103) to define
