248
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
the rank, pay, and emoluments of chaplains in
the United States Army and volunteer force, and
for other purposes.
Mr. WILSON. I move its indefinite post-
ponement.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. $61) to
provide for the voluntary enlistment of any per-
sons residents of certain States into the regiments
of other States.
Mr. WILSON. I move its indefinite post-
ponement.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 231) concern-
ing the subsistence and pay of the Army.
_Mr. WILSON. 1 move that the bill be indefi-
nitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the joint resolution (S.R. No.
20) extending the benefits of the bounty granted
by the act of July 22, 1861, to certain soldiers
who have entered the service prior to May 3,1861.
Mr. WILSON. That matter has been acted
upon in another bill. I therefore move the indefi-
nite postponement of this joint resolution.
The motion was agreed to.
CONSULAR AND DIX^LOMATIC BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of the consular and
diplomatic appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (H.ll. No. 598) making appro-
priations for the consular anddiplomaticexpeiihes
of the Governmentfor the year ending 30th June,
18GG.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. HALE. That bill was postponed on my
suggestion until to-day for the purpose of offering
an amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is still
open to amendment.
Mr. HALE. The subject has been referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and that commit-
tee, on consultation with the Secretary of State,
have agreed upon an amendment. The chairman
of the committee, I see, is not in his seat; and if
some other member of the1 committee will state
what the amendment is, I shall be obliged to him;
if not, I think I can state what the amendment is
that has boon agreed upon.
Mr. SHERMAN. Send up the amendment.
Mr. HALE. 1 move to mid an additional sec-
tion, that the salary of the consul at Halifax, from
and after the 1st of January, 18G5, shall be $3,000
per annum, and that an nppropuation of $>1,500
lor supplying the deficiency until the next current
year be made.
Mr. SHERMAN. To enable the Senator from
New Hampshire to write his amendment, which
ought to be wtitten, if he will allow me I will offer
an amendment now from the Committee on Fi-
nance. It will give him time to prepare his amend-
ment.
Mr. HALE. Certainly.
Mr. SHERMAN. I offer this amendment to
come in at the end of the bill:
For expenses of the commi^Mon to run and mark the
boundary line between tin; United States and the I3ntL-h
pos-e, sions bounding on W<Wunnton Tenitory, $13,250.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORGAN. I propose an amendment on
thcone hundred and ninth line of the bill, and I
send to the Chair a letter fiom the Secretary of
State in relation to it. My amendment is to in-
crease the appropriation u for bringing home from
foreign countries persons charged with crime'' to
§20,000. It is now $5,000 in the bill; and my
amendment is to strike out "five" and to insert
u twenty."
Mr. BROWN. I inquire whether the bill is
susceptible of amendment unless on motion from
a committee.
the VICE PRESIDENT. It is open to any
amendment coming within the rules of the Senate,
not increasing an appropriation except m pursu-
ance of the report of a committee or the recom-
mendation of the head of a Department. The
letter from the Secretary of State will be read.
The Secretary read the letter, as follows:
Department op State, January 9, 1865.
Sir: Resolutions to present Cornelius Vanderbilt a gold
medal, as introduced by yourself at the ia«t session and
passed, failed to make an appropriation for the expense of
the medal. The sum of $3,000 will be required for that
purpose; will you please cause an amendment to be placed
in the proper appropriation, bill ?
I have aK-o to request that you will cause House bill
numbered 598 to be amended hi line one hundred and
nine by an increase of the appropiiation " for bringing
home from foreign countries persons chaiged with crime"
fiom $5,000 to §20,000.
1 have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,
WM. H. SEWARD.
Hon. E. D. Morgan.
Mr. SHERMAN. The bill already contains
the ordinary appropriation of $5,000 for tiiis pur-
pose, and 1 know no reason why it should be
increased. The Secretary of State does not men-
tion a reason. The annual estimates as they
came from the Department recommended an ap-
propriation of $5*000; there may be facts which
have arisen since; if so I have no objection to the
amendment, but it ought to be properly explained.
Mr. MORGAN. The appropriation in rela-
tion to the medal to Mr. Vanderbilt was included
in the deficiency bill on my motion. This appro-
priation is asked for by the Secretary of State.
I have had no conversation with him on the sub-
ject. I only offer the amendment becausc of the
letter which has been read.
Mr. SHERMAN. The estimate submitted
by the Secretary of State with the annual esti-
mates, for this purpose, was $5,000. I know not
the reason why the increase is recommended. It
is not stated in the letter. I have no objection,
however, to allowing the amendment to be made.
We can correct it hereafter.
The amendment wa« agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I have reduced the amendment
I suggested to writing, and as the chairman of
the Committee on Commerce is not here, i submit
it, as follows:
./2nd he it further enacted, That the sataiy of the consul
at Halifax, iVova Scotia, fiom and alter the lsst day ol Jan
iMi v, shall he .^,000 per annum ; and <i lurth«*r sum
oi tfl,f>tW he, and the same is hereby, appiopuaied to cany
the same into flleet.
In the ubwence of the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Commerce I will stare that this amendment
is offered m pursuance of a unanimous recom-
mendation of the committee, and also m pursu-
ance of n recommendation of the Secretary of
State.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I am sure my friend from
New Hampshire did not mean to misstate when
a reference was made to the action of the Com-
mittee on Commerce as having been unanimous.
It way not entirely so. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the fact that this cat*e is not
particularly distinguished from a large number of
other cases. It is an application for an increase
of the salary of a consul, and there are many
groundsalleged why this increase of salary should
take place; but there have been similar applica-
tions before that same committee in a very large
number of cases. The same general grounds aris-
ing from the increased expenses of living, the
cost of keeping up the consulates, and various
other circumstances applied to those cases as well
as to this; and out of perhaps some fifteen or
twenty at the last session of Congress there was
selected not more than one or two under very
peculiar and extreme circumstances for an in-
crease of the salary of those consuls. I thought
then the precedent was rather a bad one under the
existing state of things, and I am sure that the
Senator from New Hampshire lias been himself
as vigilant and careful to prevent an mcrease of
salaries everywhere in the public service as any
other Senator upon this floor. lie has exercised
great care, and caution, and prudence, and i com-
mend him for it. If, hosvever, we increase the
salary of this consul, why shall we not increase
the salary of the consul at Liverpool, where I am
induced to believe a much larger burden of duties
is imposed upon the consul, and where the ex-
penses of living and maintaining himself respect-
ably abroad as the representative of this Govern-
ment at that place, an important position, require
an increase of the salary to a greater extent than
the one now leferred to ? And if we commence
this increase of salary in the one instance, the
Senate will, perhaps, in order not to make invid-
ious distinctions, be called upon to increase the
salary of public officers in the public service gen-
erally.
I have no special or particular objection to the
increase of this salary, standing alone by itself,
but looking to the extent to which it may be car-
ried and the danger of making an inroad on the
system, I at least beg leave to call the attention
of the Senate to the fact that they may be aware
of that which they are now asked to do.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I understand that the bill
now before the Senate covers all the appropria-
tions for the civil and diplomatic service.
Mr. SHERMAN. All appropriations for con-
sular and diplomatic purposes, not civil and dip-
lomatic.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I accept the correction.
We have, I understand, some five ministers to Cen-
tral America, and we are paying $7,500 a year to
each of them. I know of no authority of law for
theirnppointment. Theappropriation made in this
bill recognizes the existence of those missions as
full missions, and the Congress of the United
States is called upon to pay some thirty-five or
forty thousand dollars a year to support minis-
ters to Governments which, if I recollect aright,
Mr. Stephens, in his travels to Central America,
says he had great difficulty in finding. I move
that the further consideration of the bill be post-
poned until Monday next, that Senators may
have an opportunity to inquire into the propriety
of the appropriations it contains.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the bill will not be
now postponed. It has already been once post-
poned merely to allow an amendment to be offered
increasing the salary of a consul, and I trust no
further postponement will take place.
The motion to postpone was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
New Hampshire.
Mr. SHERMAN". I will say a single word in
reirard to the salary of the consul at Halifax.
The matter has been referred to the Committee
on Commerce; and if they are very decidedly of
opinion that the consulate at Halifax is an ex-
ceptional case I shall not undertake to set up
my views m opposition to their conclusion after
examination; but unless facts aie stated which
convince me that it is an exceptional case de-
manding an increase, founded upon reasons differ-
ent from those which apply to ordinary saiaiies
under the Government, 1 shall not vote for the
amendment. The question of increasing the com-
pensation of the officers of the Government is the
most difficult and troublesome one we have now at
this session of Congress. There is not a depart-
ment of the Government, and scarcely an officer
of the Government, that does not complain, and
very properly, of the compensation now allowed
by law as not sufficient to sustain himself and
his family. But all the reasons for an increase
of salary in ordinary cases do not apply to our
foreign intercourse; because our consuls and our
ministers abroad are paid in gold. They do not
feel the effect of the depreciation of paper money,
there is therefore no reason for an increase of the
salary of the consul at Halifax unless the war has
thrown upon him increased responsibilities and
increased expenditures, if facts are stated to
show that the consul at Halifax ought, for par-
ticular reasons, to have his salary increased, 1 am
willing to listen to them and weigh them; but if it
i« simply an increase without any special reasons,
I think we ought to hesitate to begin it. We shall
have on every appropriation bill that comes be-
fore us an eifort made to increase salaries, and
before we embark in that undertaking we ought
very carefully to examine the ground on which
we stand.
I shall, therefore, vote against this amendment
unless facts are stated by the Committee on Com-
merce to the Senate to induce me to believe that
this is an exceptional c^se, and that the war has
thrown upon the consul at Halifax peculiar re-
sponsibilities and peculiar labors which do not
apply to other consuls.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce have resisted ail applications for an increase
of salary on the part of our consular agents unless
where a case was exceptional. In this case I be-
lieve the committee,were unanimous in the opin-
ion that it was exceptional. The large amount
of contraband traffic going on between Halifax
and the rebel States has thrown very large respon*
