18:65,,
THBGOF^EISSIOML'GBOBE.
Estts, and, if they will- permit me to say so, more
serviceable to the cause of loyalty than either of
them—and in that remark I include the honorable,
member from New Hampshire—concurred. Mr.
Justice Grier, who has decided theorize cases and
given to the honorable members the benefit of the
doctrine upon which they are relying for other
purposes, concurred with him. It is wrong-in
point of fact, it is illogical and unjugtj to attribute
such -influence to the Chief Justice as would cause
the three honorable officers to whom I have>«I-
luded to yield their ov\sti -judgments eithen upon
matters of law or maters of policy .to the; Chief
Justice. . ,
The honorable, member from Massachusetts
■who spoke first [Mr.Sumner] has quoted from-
the decision in the Dred Scott case a passage
which has been used for the same :purpose in his
region, and has answered its purpose; it was to
effect ,a party object, and ,they have used it so as
to assist in accomplishing that object. He has
read that portion of the opinion and has denounced
it as at war \*rith all history and repugnant to the
feeling of the'human heart; and it has-been pub-
lished in Massachusetts as a mere extiact from
a single sentence in which it is to be found, with-
out giving either what precedes or what succeeds
it, and without giving the historical facts upon
which the Chief Justice relied, or wirtiout stating
liis own individual opinion-of the sentiment which
he supposes those historic facts proved to be, the
sentiment of the country at that time. What is
t^e.fact? I will riot, refer to what-he quotes in
the legislation of Maryland. What does he quote
from the.legislation of Massachusetts and Con-
necticut? I pass by the Maryland act.
" The other colonial law to which we refer was passed
by Massachusetts in 1705, (chap. 8.)"
- The- accuracy of the references I have never
heard called in question.
" It is entitled 'An act for the better preventing of spuria
ous and mixed issue,' &c.; and it provides that'if any
negro or mulatto shall presume to smite or stufce any person
of the English or othcrChiistian nation, such negro or mu-
latto shall be severely whipped, at the discretion of the jus-
tices before whom the offender shall he convicted.'
"And' that none of her Majesty's-English or Scottish sub-
jects, nor of any other Christian nation within tins prov-
ince, shall contract matrimony with any negro or mulatto ;
nor shall any person duly authorized to solemnize marriage
presume to join any such in marriage, on pam of forfeiting
the sum of £50; one moiety thereof to her Majesty, for
and toward the support of the Government within this
province,1 and the other moiety to him or them that shall
inform and sue for the same in any of her Majesty'*? courts
of record within the province, by bill, plaint, dr'informa-
tion.'"' . . -
• Then he quotes fronr the legislation of Connec-
ticut, and adds:
" We refer to these historical facts fhr the purpose of
showing tire fixed opinions concerning that race upon which
the statesmen ol' that day spoke and acted."
And before making the quotation he says:
" It Is difficult at this day,to realize the state of public
opinion in relation to that unfortunate race which prevailed
iu the civilized and enlightened portions of the world at the
time of tile Declaration of independence .uul when the Con-
stitution of the United States was framed and adopted-"
And in a succeeding part qf the opinion he says
that the same words which are to be found in the
Declaration of Independence, if now used, would
be held to include the whole, of-the human family.
Now, sir, when the learned gentlemen from
Massachusetts and New Hampshire, [Messrs.
Sumner and Hale,] and the .equally learned gen-
tleman who spoke last from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Wilson] expressed such a decided opinion against
the correctness of the Dred Scott decision, I won-
der it did nut occur to them, one of them not being
a'lawyer even, one qf them being a lawyer for a
few months and then ceasing, and the other not
in a very extended practice until lately, that it
was barely possible that such men as Taney,
and Wayne, and Catron, and Grier might be right,
and they might be wrong. But no; they are in-
fallible; the world is in error and the Senators
from MassachusettsandNewHampshire are not.
Great men, towering intellects, with knowledge
unparalleled; not the equals but the superiors of
the men who have heretofore figured upon the
bench of the Supreme Court of the United States,
of who have ministered as officers before its bar!
Let me say to the honorable members, that hum-
ble as I hold my own ability, I should feel it much
more humble (and I speak it in a spirit of abso-
lute humility) if I thought I was not equal to
either oft'he honorable members, and particularly
to iiixn -who spoke last, upon a question Of law. I
thought when I argued thatcase; and have thought
ever since, that the decision was right.
Now, a word more and I have done. The hon-
orable member who spoke last, .with, that taste '
which always characterizes, him, saw proper to
say that the memory of the Chief Justice, is not
to be saved by eulogies pronounced by a few men
who collect in the Supreme Court-Eoom for that
purpose., I do not think (and l.do not mean to
s^ty anything: unkipdiof the honorable member
when I say it) the.men-who-wereuhere'stand in
need of his eulogy; and they ate not likely much
to suffer from his condemnation.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I did not hear the
first remarks .of the Senator from Maryland; I
was called out of the Chamber; but I came in
while .he was talking, and I gathered- from what
fell from him that he was censuring me or reprov-
ing me for not intimating my dissent from this
bill when it was up in- the committee. I will not
haye a question of veracity with the Senator from
Maryland, but I will say, and I hope it will re-
fresh his-recollection when I do say it, that if
there is a man in' the world whose mouth should
be forever shut against making that charge it is
the -honorable Senator' from Maryland; for al-
though I understand it not to be within the rules
of the body- to refer to whatitook place in com-
mittee, yet, as the honorable Senator has provoked
me to-it,and-hasintroduced the subject, reproving
me-for not .doing it, I will state exactly, what did
o.cjcur. It was only a few days ago, and ofcourse
I am governed by memory—there was very little
conversation when the bill-was taken up—it was
agreed that it should be recommended. I took
the bill up, called the attention of the honorable
Senator from Maryland to it, who was its partic-
ular advocate,and said I, " Mr. Johnson, 1 want
you to understand, though I have made no noise
agamgt this bill in committee, I am opposed to it,
and.shall'oppose it in the .Senate."
Mr. JOHNSON. If the honorable member
said so I have entirely forgotten it, and I am not
alone in that particular; no other member of the
committee has any recollection of it.
Mr., HALE. I did not say it to anybody else.
The Senator made some facetious remark, I do not'
remember what it was, to. me upon the subject;
and if I remember my existence^ remember that.
There was, no great discussion upon it; but if I
ever said anything in my<life,.aeid my-memory
is to be,depended upon for three- days, I dill say
.that to .the honorable Senator from Maryland,and
he mode some answer to it which I do not remem-
ber now, but it seems to me that-if the honorable ■
Senator taxes his memory itcannot have entirely
escaped it.
Perhaps I might as well sit down now, as I do
not. want to say anything else; but the honorable
Senator-seems to-think that when he censures and
reproves both the honorable-Senator from Mas-
sachusetts and myself he is doing a great deal.
If there is one single thing in the history of my
friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] that'
1 have congratulated him for and think he his
lucky in it is that he was not educated a lawyer.
There is no knowing what legal nonsense he
might have- babbled here if he had had his strong1
good sense,spoiled in the technicalities of Black-
stone and the black-letter decisions of -the old
English- courts. He was saved from that, and
he stands here now as nature made him, an hon-
est, sensible man. ■ ' -
Mr. President, in saying this I do not mean to
say anything disparaging to the profession; and
l!need not, for the honorable Senator from Mary-
' land intimates that I am not so much of a lawyer
as to hurt me a great deal. [Laughter.] That
statement was accompanied by a profession of
humility; butin my judgment, so far asmyexpe-
rience goes, real, genuine humility, such as you
will find in the Pilgrim's Progress, is not uttered
with such a dogmatical manner, and in such a
vociferous-tone as the honorable Senator from
Maryland takes when he is going to profess a
great deal of humility. [Laughter.]
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, in uttering the
few words I felt it my duty to utte« to-day against
this resolution, I d-id not expect to excite the wrath
of the honoraWe Senator from Maryland. That
Senator, full of indignation, crosses to this side of
the Chamber, and in manner and tone that hardly
became even him, makes a personal attack upon
those of us whb< have' had the'temerity TO Oppose'
this illHimed measure. Swelling with- indigrm- *
tion, the-honorable Senator.so far forgot theipro-'
prieties-of this Chamber as to speak' of *tny vf"a>nts
of legal-training. Sir, this is the Seiiat0 '^f-thB^
United States, not a convocation of taV?yersi T-hi#5
is a Chamber for the exercise of'higher qUiUitteS"'
than the capacity to dribble, hour Aftetiiotir, into®
the weary ear of tlie Senate legal e*tfditief$-letaed'J
injudicial tribunals. I never exhaust the pafientees
of the Senate in profitless discussiohs of legal
points-plain to the comprehension of all; witth
the Senator from Maryland could sily as much."
Sir, the honorable Senator, who hastened with
alacrity to argue the Dred Scott -case must be pa-
tient under the criticisms even of-gentlemen oat--
side the-legal profession. Perhaps; sir, I am quite
as able to judge of the sentiments of the people
concerning the Dred Scott case as is the' Senator
from Maryland. Lawyers equal, to'say the least,
to the Senator from Maryland, have pronounced
that decision, in the words of one of the judges,
"an assumption of authority." Sir, this Dred-
Scott decision has gone down under the common
sense and the general judgment of the American
people, and from their verdict there lies no appeal.
The Senator from Maryland should remember
that an uncounted majority of the loyal people of
the United States have pronounced the Dred- Scott
opinion:inhuman, unchristian, and unconstitu-
tional. The Senator may cling to that godless'-
decree-, it is quite natural that he should "■* cling
to errors past," but the nation has discarded it!-
and disowned the men who proclaimed it as the
law of Christian America.
But the Senator takes offense to a casual allu-
sion to the eulogies pronounced in the Supreme
Court a few weeks'ago. I thought, and I stfll
continue to think, that the judgment of the future
is not likely to be determined any more than was
the judgment of Maryland last autumn by that
Senator. Nor is the judgment of the future likely
to be determined by the utterances of Charles
O'Connor, whose recorded sentiments are abhor-
rent to the reason of the nation. Sir, it was fit-
ting that the Senator from Maryland,who hastened,
to instruct Judge Taney to decree all laws to keep
slavery out of the Territories unconstitutional,
and Mr. Charles O'Connor, who maintains the
right of the slave-master to take his slave into
the free States, should pronounce eulogies upon']
him who had decreed the right of the slave-mas-
ters to carry their slaves without restraint- itt'to
the Territories. It is morefitting that these two
champions of the rights -of the slave-masters
should eulogize the judge smitten vdth judicial-
blindness than it is for Senators who were borne
into this Chamber on a wave of popular indigna-
tion against the aggressive policy of the slave
power.
Sir, Senators may -forget or forgive crimes
against a harmless and long-suffering race; they
may. forget or forgive crimes against liberty; but
the people forget not nor forgive not. ^Thisday
and this hour the common sense, the judgment,
the heart, the conscience of loyal America repu-
diates the Dred Scott iniquity arid the'me'n who
proclaimed it. I am asked to forget the gre&t'-
crime, the crime of our history, to comply wittt®-
a customary usage, and place m the sight of a re-
generated tribunal the bust of the chief actor; '
For twenty-nine years I have never given-a vote
or uttered a word to sustain slavery. ;Grodhas-
given me the price'css opportunity to give voice
and ballot against the gian-t crime of my country.
I am grateful for the opportunity, and have hailed _
and welcomed it. Slavery is rapidly sinking -
into the grave of dishonor, to rise no more forever.
I have neither eulogies to utter nor statues' to6 4
erect to the memory of- its apologists or cham-
pions. I give no vote, Mr. President, now that
any man of the present or of the future who shall"-
see it or read it can construe into a vote to ap- ^
plaud dr "honor him who has been the enemy of'
freedom in America.
Mr'. WADE. Mr. President, I was here at the
time the Dred Scfttt decision was pronounced. I
had been straggling prior to that time in a very
small minority in this Senate for the recognition
of the rights of the free States. I had seerrtbem
trampled under foot by the Senate and by the
Congress of the United States. '■ 1 had seen myself
and others who were associated' with me de-
nounced in the public prints wliich were paid Out *
