1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sibilities and duties on the consul there. A large
number of refugees from those States are there
who require watching. I send to the desk, and
ask to have read, a letter from the Secretary of
State winch explains the matter.
The following letter was read:
Department of State,
Washington, January 10, 3865.
, Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of
your communication of the 9th instant relative taa reso-
lution which had pa^ed the Senate instructing the Com-
nuttee on Commerce to inquire into the expediency of in-
creasing the compensation of the United States consul at
Halifax, and in reply to your request for any information
upon the subject winch the Departmentcan furnish, I have
to state that the compensation attached to the office is
$2,000 per annum, ami thecon&ul is not permitted to trans-
act business. The cnnsular fee*, which forihe fiscal year
ending 30th June last amounted to $1,580 iW, are, under
existing provisions of law, paid into the United States
Treasury. A large number of American vessels are con-
stantly arriving in Halifax, and that port is much resorted
to by vessels engaged in blockade running and in afford-
ing aid and comlort to the insurgent States. Besides the
attention which the consul i  required to givo to the ioimer,
his duties have been hugely increased by the necessity of
constant labor and watchfulness on his pait to defeat the
nefarious designs of the latter as well as of many persons
from those States and their svmpathizeis who frequent that
poit. The cost of living in Halifax has within a few years
much met cased, and I am satisfied that the consul cannot,
with rigid economy, live upon his present salary. I do not
hesitate, theiefore, rc>pectfully to suggest, for the consider-
ation of the committee, the expediency of providing hy law
foi the increase of tin* consular compensation at Halifax.
f iiave the honor to be, sir, vonr obedient servant,
WILLIAM II. SEWARD.
Hon. Z. Chandler, Chairman of Committee on Commerce,
United btalcs Senate.
Mr. HALE. I will state very briefly some
of the reasons why this amendment should be
adopted, though it is impossible for me to state to
the Senate everything that produces the convic-
tion upon my mind that this salary should be in-
creased. The business at Halifax, I have no
doubt, has increased tenfold from what it was
when our present consul went there, by the op-
eration of the war. Halifax is the great depot for
the blockade runners; a great many of them were
there during the last summer, and I think in no
single instance has a blockade runner or any con-
federate vessel sailed from the port of Halifax
that the consul has not availed himself of an op-
portunity to learn the name of the vessel, her
register, where she was built, what she earned,
what her cargo was, and all these facts were com-
municated to the Government here by telegraph,
and in pursuance of information thus furnished,
I think six outof eleven vessels that leftthntport
have been seized and condemned. The consul
has to have his eye constantly all over the city,
and to me it was utterly astonishing how he got
the information which he was daily communica-
ting to the Government. Besides this, the calls
upon him, I should say, on an average while I
was there—and I was there over a fortnight—
were at least fifteen a day. The salary of the
consul is $2,000 a year. Out of that he has to
pay for a small house a rent of $250, and he has
to pay his own messenger and his own clerk. His
office is constantly thronged during the day, and
lie lias to stay there after daik at night to do his
writing, which ought to be done by a clerk.
These are some of the facts which convince me
that the salary ought to be raised. There are
others of a private and personal nature; but the
Senate will remember that when I first presented
the subject I stated that if I could not convince
the Committee on Commerce at once that this
ought to be done, I would not urge it any more.
The Committee on Commerce are persuaded that
it ought to be done; so is the Secretary of State.
My fiiend from New Jersey will pardon me, for
I certainly did not mean to misrepresent him when
I stated that I believed that the committee were
unanimous. It seems that the chairman made
the same mistake that I did. The Senator from
New Jersey is a very modest man, and he does
not always urge his opinions, and he certainly
does not with a loud voice. It might have been
that he entertained the convictions which he has
stated; but he was not so persevering in present-
ing them as to attract the attention of the chair-
man. I believel have been,asthatSenatorsays,
rather cautious in the matter of increasing sala-
ries; f have not been one of the friends of the
doctrine that it was only necessary to give a man
" the pay, rank, and emoluments of a brigadier
general" in order to crush the rebellion; I have
bscn of a different opinion; but I believe that this
is a case which imperiously demands, where the
public honor and necessity demand, the increase
which the committee have recommended.
Mr. TEN EYCK. It would appear from the
letter of the Secretary of State that there are some
reasons given why the salary of this consul should
be increased. It may not, perhaps, be amiss for
me to say that in a very large number of cases
presented to the Committee on Commerce during
the last session of Congress the same reasons
were assigned in the same form. We cannot
close our eyes to the fact that there is one general
complaint coming to the Committee on Com-
merce, and through the channel of the State De-
partment, on account of the smallness of the sal-
aries of these foreign agents, in consequence of
which they are not able to live in a way in which
they desire to live, and in which, perhaps, we
might desire that they should live. I myself have
not been able to learn or to distinguish any differ-
ence betweenthiscase andalarge number of cases
precisely similarly situated, and some of them I
think having rather stronger claims to the con-
sideration of Congress. It was for this reason,
and this reason alone, that I wished to call the
attention of the Senate to the fact that if they
mean to do justice, or if they mean to enable our
consuls abroad to live in the manner in which
they desire to live, they will not simply restrict
their action to the consulate at Halifax, but will
extend this sympathy, or justice, whichever it
may be called, to consulates generally. The
chairman of the committee is well aware of the
fact that there has been a large number of claims
of the same character, and founded upon the same
reasons, addressing themselves very strongly to
the humanity, at least, of the committee.
I did not make my resistance very strong in
the committee, it is tiuc; but my objection was
urged; and perhaps my modesty was a little in-
creased by finding thatthe committee were gener-
ally in favor of the proposition under the plaus-
ible and pleasant mode of address of the Senator
from New Hampshiie, and the urgcncy of his
appeal. It would take a pretty bold man indeed
to rise up and resist his application before a com-
mittee or anywhere else in a matter where his
heart seemed to be engaged.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 desire to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce whether
this consul is paid in gold or in currcncy.
Mr. SHERMAN. He is paid in gold; all the
consuls are paid m gold.
Mr. HARLAN. Thenthesalarynowreceived
would be equivalent to $4,000 if paid on this side
of the line. With that view of the case I think
I shall vote against the amendment.
Mr. POMEUOY. It occurs to me that this is
one of a class of cases which are constantly pre-
sented to us and are very numerous. I have no
doubt that there is a class of men, not only those
representing this Government abroad, but officers
at home, whose duties have been largely increased
in consequence of the war. I know of some offi-
cers who had almost nothing to do before the
rebellion, and who now have to work day and
night. When the war is over, I suppose they
will have much less to do, and perhaps almost
nothing. I do not see how wc can enter upon
the business of increasing the salaries of this class
unless we increase them all. I am disposed to
deal out as even-handed justice as it is possible
for us to do, to every employe of the Govern-
ment. If this consul has more than he can do,
there is u way of giving him a clerk temporarily;
there might be some appropriation made in that
direction which would relieve him; but we ought
to bear in mind that these men who are abroad
have not upon themselves the responsibilities of
this war that nren of their ages have who live
here. They arc not subject to draft; they are
not called upon constantly to aid in efforts to pro-
mote recruiting, and I believe they arc not even
taxed on their salaries. I think the income tax
does not come out of their salaries. I am not
certain of that fact, but such is my opinion. Be-
sides, I do not know of many of them who have
resigned. If any Senator knows of many such
eases, he is better informed than I am. As their
salary is paid in gold, and as they are not taxed
upon it, and as they are relieved from the burdens
of men who stay in the country, I do not feel
callcd upon to vote any increase of salary to them,
as a general rule, or even in this particular ease. I
Mr. CONNESS. I think that if a majority of
this body could possibly oe present at the sittings
of the Finance Committee they would scarcely be
prepared to vote this increase if they could hear
and know of the propositions and demands that
are there made from great masses of persons em-
ployed by the Government in every possible re-
lation for an increase of pay. This proposition
would never have come to us undoubtedly but for
the incident, the fortunate incident, perhaps, of the
recent visit to Halifax of the distinguished Sen-
ator who proposes it in this body, it was doubt-
less a great advantage to the Government that the
Senator visited that spot; but it would be a great
damage to the Treasury if we had the misfortune,
or, I should say, the fortune, of his having vis-
ited all the consulates, for 1 am afraid he would
have discovered a great many of them that were
serving the country without sufficient compensa-
tion. I do not pretend to doubt the Senator's
statements in reference to this case; but in making
those statements it would be well to remember that
the needs and necessities, the laborand surround-
ings of that particular consulate have simply been
brought to his notice by his having made himself
acquainted with them. Equal demands, equal ne-
cessities, equal or superior amounts of labor would
have been discovered to be the part or lot of other
consuls at other consulates if they could have been
visited in like manner. There is scarcely a doubt
about that.
I can hardly think that there is justice to the
other agents abroad, and ccrtainly there is no
proper fitness to the Treasury at the present time,
m passing this measure. The members compos-
ing the Finance Committee are at a loss how,to
reply to the demands that are made for an increase
of salary, as 1 said before,from all quarters; and
we can only safely resist the general demand now
being made, at a point of time of great enhance-
ment of prices and depreciation of the currency,
by refusing all, or nearly all. It is the only way
in which the Treasury can be at all maintained at
present. Wc are all hoping for a recession of the
present condition of things, and a change—and I
think the aspect of the times promises very soon
to make this change—which will become a per-
manent one if made; and it does not seem to me
to be wise or proper to increase salaries now, and
1 hope we shall not enter upon that system of "
legislation, if it be desirable and necessary that
the pay which our consuls and other agents abroad
receive shall be reexamined and rearranged, let it
be entered upon regularly, and let us ascertain
how many consuls there are like the one at Hali-
fax where the labors performed are inadequately
paid, and apply the remedy in each case. It may
turn out that there are but a dozen of them under
the Government; it may turn out that there is but
the one at Halifax; but I have doubts about that.
I think the needs of that one come to us by the
special reason thatthe Senator has recently visited
there. I have not attempted to bring in question
any statement he has made in regard to it; I take
it he has stated the facts; buttheyare notfactsas
pressing as those which come to the knowledge of
the Finance Committee at every meeting they
hold. I hope this amendment will not be adopted.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I certainly
hesitate at this time, and in the present condition
of the public Treasury, to increase any salary any-
where, and most certainly should I hesitate to
enter upon any general system for the increase of
salaries* in any department of Government; and
yet, sir, lam willing to look at individual cases
as they may arise. It is in that spirit that I ap-
proach the question before the Senate.
I know something of the consular service of
the country. 1 know that we have consuls in
some parts of the world that are paid perhaps ad-
equately, ccrtainly as much as they deserve, and
so that they are able to live well on their income;
but I know also that there are other consuls in
other parts of the woild that ate not paid ade-
quately. I receive letters, 1 may almost say by
every foreign arrival, from persons in the foreign
service of the country making such complaints.
There is our consul at Bordeaux, a very consid-
erable seaport, where we have a large trade and
large interests, and a port also which I may say
exorcises to a certain extent a political influence.
The consul there is underpaid. 1 think his salary
should beadvanced. I might give other instances,
but I will not. I content myself with saying
