1016.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
of the Treasury of the Unit'ed States for our en-
deavors to resist the torrent of oppression and
wrong that seemed to pervade the nation. Daily
as we took up the newspapers which were upheld
and supported by the Treasury of the United
States we saw attempts to set the populace upon
us as we passed to and fro between our lodgings
and this Capitol. We had then scarcely power
enough in the Senate to call for the yeas arid nays,
eo that we might record our opinions upon any
question. Then was got up this partisan Dred
Scott decision, to give judicial sanction to the
enormous iniquity that prevailed in every branch
of our Government at that period. Weknowhow
it was brought up. Dred Scott was an old negro,
who was worth nothing, notwithstanding the high
price at which negroes were held at that time. He
was made the John Doe in order to raise this
issue before the court, which everybody foresaw
would decide it in one way.
Sir, talk not to me of judicial independence; talk
not to me of judicial sagacity and ability—the
greater you make Judge Taney's legal acumen
the more you dishonor his memory by showing
that he sinned against light and knowledge, it
would be more for his fame if you could prove
him a fool. Talk not to me of the ability and
purity of a man who makes such a decision as
that for no better purpose than to enslave forever
nearly five million people and subjugate the whole
North to the dominion of those who held slaves.
I tell you, sir, that case arose in no sense as a
judicial case. It was a political case. It was got
up in the name of Dred Scott, who was supposed
to have no authority to sue, at a time when he
was seventy years old and entirely decrepit and
broken down. It was at that time that it was
proposed to interpose a suit for his freedom, be-
cause he had been permitted to reside in freeStates
and Territories, and because the whole current of
judicial decisions had been that a slave who was
permitted by his master to reside in free Terri-
tories and free States thereby became a free man.
It was necessary, in order to enable the slave
power to dominate your Territories, that that
good old doctrine of the common law should be
subverted. Who should do it? Was the igno-
rant old negro Dred Scott well calculated to sue in
the courts of the United States for his freedom?
Not at all; but politicians bent on the subjugation
of the North and the enslavement of mankind got
up the suit. History will not mistake it; man-
kind will not misunderstand it; and they do not
misunderstand it now.
The case arose, I believe, in Missouri. There
wasa plea to thejurisdiction of the court, orrather
a plea in abatement, alleging -that Dred Scott had
no right to sue in the courts of the United States.
The court sustained that plea. They held that a
person of African descent like Died Scott had no
right to sue in the courts of the United States,
and there properly ended the case.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator iswholly mis-
taken. The court in Missouri decided that he
had a right to sue, and his counsel brought up
the case.
Mr. WADE. Very well; the Supreme Court
that you boast of held that he could not sue, that
he had no right here. Why did you notdrop your
case there? You talk about la wand judicial decis-
ions. The Senator knows, as the judges knew,
and as we all knew, that the case ended with that
decision; arid if it had not been for base political
reasons, the suit would have ended there. It was
not, however, permitted to end there. I do not
profess to have much legal sagacity,butl do pro-
fess that my opinion and the opinion of the Sen-
ators from Massachusetts and of the Senator from
New Hampshire are as reliable as that of the feed
attorney in the case, at all events. We fiave not
been hired or paid for our opinion, and if it is ad-
verse to Judge Taney's 
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the Senator permit me
to ask on what authority he says 1 was a feed at-
torney in that case?
Mr. WADE. I do not know that the Senator
was a feed attorney,
Mr. JOHNSON. You said so.
Mr. WADE. He was an attorney in the case;
and if he volunteered, so much the worse.
Mr. JOHNSON. J did volunteer.
Mr. WADE. I am sorry for it; 1 was in
hopes you were only induced to embark in so bad
a cause by an enormous fee.
Mr. JOHNSON. I would rather take the
court's opinion than yours on that point.
Mr. WADE, i suppose you would, and the
court was more likely to be favorable to you than
I should be. Sir, the decision in that case will
admit of no criticism judicially. Take the opin-
ions of Judge McLean and Judge Curtis, and they
tear your Dred Scott decision to pieces, and ev-
erybody who reads them knows it. The fame of
that decision and of all its proposers in spite of
all the eulogies of those who pronounced them,
has gone down to posterity with utter contempt
and disgrace, and the people of Ohio, whose rep-
resentative 1 am, and whose opinions I profess to
represent on this floor, would pay $2,000 to hang
this man in effigy rather than $1,000 for a bust to
commemorate his merits. I was willing that he
should sleep; but his friends injudiciously, not-
withstanding all the admonitions of public senti-
ment upon his head, saw fit to drag him here and
to propose to take money out of the Treasury to
pay for a bust to commemorate him whom the
world execrates.
Mr. President, I did not want to speak on this
subject. I was willing that Judge Taney, like
many other bad men who have figured in troub-
lous times, should go down to oblivion, where
his friends ought to have permitted him to go. If
they had been content with that, they would have
heard nothing from me; but.when it is proposed
to take money from the pockets of my constitu-
ents to commemorate the merits of him who pro-
nounced the Dred Scott decision, I am amazed;
and I am more than amazed when I find that a
committee composed as committees are composed
here should think they could do honor to him who
pronounced that decision by bringing such a meas-
ure as this before the Senate.
If the enunciation contained in that decision
could have become the law of the land, every ne-
gro would be now and forever a slave, and not
only a slave but a brute, a beast, incapable of any
rights asaman, and one to whom no rights should
be awarded. Not only did it trample down the
negro, but your court intended to trample down
the rights of freemen in the Territories forever.
That is what Mr. Taney intended and expected
to do.
The Senator from Maryland appeals to his co-
adjutors to help him out. Sir, when you propose
to spend public money for u bust to any one of
those who concurred with him in.that infamous
opinion, I will be as ready to do them justice as
I am now to do it to their chief. Nor will it do
to invoke what the Senator calls law. There are
cases too plain for law. I say there is not a law-
yer in this body who does not know that that
political opinion was pronounced for political pur-
poses and not to give anybody his rights; for as
I said before, when the court came to the conclu-
sion that Dred Scott had no standing and no rights
in the court, thedecision should have ended there.
Why did the court go on further to pronounce
opinions perfectly at war with the rights of every
Territory of the United States, and of every white
man therein ? You cannot find any authority for
it in the books. The law is that whenever in
pronouncing a judgment a judge goes beyond
what is necessary to decide the case before him,
all that he says beyond that is no more than
though it came from any other source. All that
is said in the Dred Scott opinion, after announ-
cing the conclusion of the court that Dred Scott
had no right to sue, is the same as though it had
been pronounced by anybody else in a bar-room
or anywhereelse. It has no legal efficacy. Why,
then, was it pronounced ? Why did they go be-
yond the case in order to give opinions that were
to bind mankind forever? It was only part and
parcel of that accursed system of usurpation
which had commenced in an attempt to subvert
the Territories to slavery, and afterward sought
to subject all the free people of this nation to the
slave power.
Sir, I feel deeply on this subject, because I was
hereat a time perhaps when it was hardly safe for a
man to pronounce an opinion such as I pronounce
now. What, sir, give money to commemorate
the merits of the«enunciator of the Dred Scott de-
cision ! if I were to give such a vote, it would not
do for me afterward to face my constituents any-
where.
Gentlemen say that this isnotgiven as a token
of merit, but it is a kind of custom to record and
perpetuate in the court-room the memory of the
Chief Justices. Then, as the Senator from New-
Hampshire has well said, it is perfectly meaning-
less. if you award it to all alike, why do you
have them there? They are not remarkable for
their good looks. Why do you put them nil
there unless it is as a kind of compliment, unless
it is a merit to them ? I will never yield to any
such rule as that. If a man stands conspicuous
for his merit, for the glory of his judicial decisions
for a number of years, incorruptible, unbiased by
public opinion, standing forthe right, 1 will give
him a monument, for such men are very rare in
our day. Find such a man, and I will withhold
from him no token of merit; but this is the case
of a man who, it has been said, obtained a foot-
hold in the Supreme Court by most questionable
practices. I believe, before God, he won his title
to the bench by nothing buttrampling your Con-.
stitution under his feet when he undertook,
against law, to remove the deposits from the old
Bank of the United States, because the President
wanted him to do it. That i understand was his
only title to this high position. His commence-
ment then was not very good, and from it 1 should
have expected very much such a run as he has
made. I am not here to criticise the general course
of his decisions; 1 know nothing about them; I
care nothinglibout them, because this one decis-
ion was so palpably wrong in point of law, and
so contrary to the common sense, the common
judgment, and the common propriety of mankind,
that it has met with universal condemnation; and
no attempt of the Senate to prop it up, as my
friend from Massachusetts has weilsaid, will have
any other effect than to make the infamy of the
decision more lasting and conspicuous.
Mr. CARL1LE. Mr. President, I have but a
word or two to submit, not so much for the con-
sideration of Senators as in explanation of the
vote that I shall give. I think if the debate be
correct I entirely misapprehend what would be
the effect of this bill if it should receive the sanc-
tion of the Senate. I do not believe we can honor
Chief Justice Taney by perpetuating his features
in marble, but I do believe the Senate by voting
to embody the features of Taney in marble will
do honor to itself. Nor do I believe thatin voting
for the resolution I can be regarded as indorsing
the many able and learned opinions delivered by
that distinguished jurist during the many years
he presided in the Supreme Court. If such were
to be the effect of my vote I should want time to
review those decisions. The passage of this
resolution cannot add to or its rejection detract
from the fame of Taney; his memory will be
cherished by the wise and the good long after ihe
names of those who now strut their little hour
upon the political stage will have been forgotten.
It may be that the decision of the Dred Scott case
was sought and obtained for political purposes,
but the late lamented Chief Justice had no agency
in bringing thatcase before the court. He found it
before him, it was his duty as a judge to decide
upon it, and as an able, upright,and wise judge,
as he was, he decided it. No one is authorized
to say that his decision was in accordance with
his own views as a man or that the law as ex-
pounded by him was what he would have made
it; but he decided it as every honest judge must
decide, and as he did decide every case before
him, according to the law as it was under the
Constitution which he had sworn to support and
to expound as a member of the highest judicial
tribunal in the land.
The passage of this resolution cannot, I repeat,
add to the fame of Chief Justice Taney; that
fame will live and his memory will be cherished
long after the Constitution which he expounded
and the Government which he sought to perpet-
uate under it shall have passed away. 1 siitill
vote for the proposition in order thai my country
maybe saved the stigma that history would have
to record if we should refuse to one who so long
and so worthily filled the place where Jay and
Marshall sat the same mark of respect that has
been shown to his predecessors.
Mr. SUMNER. At last 1 have the floor again.
I rose at once to reply to the Senator from Mary-
t l.md [Mr. Johnson] when he made bis objtir-
| g'Uory vindication ofthe present proposition; but
the iluor was given to others. Ami now as 1
look at the clock i see that 1 can only begin what
I have to s«y.
