18G5.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
251
possibly be; but it 1ms been entered upon by the ]
employes of tin; Government who are far removed
from the capital, and unless this policy shall be
rebuked in a signal manner from this Govern-
ment, it will be carried into effect, and we shall
have to suffer the disgrace of the extermination
of thousands of these comparatively inoffensive
and unarmed people.
In this case it is said that most of those who
were massacred were women and children; that
there were no armed Indians in the village; that
the chiefs of the tribe, when they were fired upon,
went out and made an effort to deliver themselves
and their tribe as prisoners of war, and that the
parties who thus went out were shot down in
cold blood, and then the massacre became gen-
eral, and that the massacre extended perhaps to
every woman and nearly all the small children
belonging to the tribe.
This joint resolution, if it should pass, will
merely suspend judgment in the case, and render
it impossible for these parties to profit by the
robbery, if it shall prove to have been unprovoked,
until an investigation can be had.
Mr. POMEROY. I wish to inquire of the
Senator fiom Iowa what was the evidence before
the committee? What investigation was entered
info? Upon what testimony did the committee
act?
Mr. HARLAN. The evidence is not official.
There was a letter before the committee from the
agent of this tribe, who says that he is preparing
a full report. He pronounces it an unprovoked
massacre, and he is preparing a full official report,
which will be here soon if it has not been inter-
cepted on its why here. There arc letters here
also from one of the judges of the Territory cor-
roborating the facts; there are letters from private
gentlemen to members of the committee, all cor-
roborating the same general facts, implying that
the massacre was unprovoked,premeditated, and
cold-blooded; that it was probably perpetrated
for plunder.
Mr. NESMITH. I am sure there is not a
member of this body who would justify an un-
provoked attack on women and children, whether
Indians or whttes; but I do not know that there
is any reliable information either before this body
or before the Committee on Indian Affairs that
any such outrage has occurred in Colorado. If
there is any such infoi mation it has not been
brought to my observation.
It seems to me that this is rather a hasty and
unprecedented manner of disposing of a question
of this kind. There may have been outrages com-
mitted there, and doubtless there have been on both
sides, or what would be considered outrages in a
civilized community; but in the consideration of
a question like this, you must take cognizance of
the circumstances which exist there. You must
remember that the people of Colorado have been
engaged in a war of extermination not provoked
by themselves but brought on by the Indians. It
seems to me that before action like thatnow pro-
posed under these cucumstanccs is taken in a case
of such tmpoitancc as this, and the pay and al-
lowances of men are suspended, there should be
some official investigation.
If upon investigation the fault is found to rest
with the officers or the men, and they are culpable,
I shall have nothing to say against their punish-
ment, but I am opposed to punishing men m ad-
vance of investigation, (men who are serving for
the poor pittance of thirteen or fourteen dollars
a month,) by stopping their pay and stopping
their subsistence, depriving them of the pay upon i
which their families at home, their wives and '
their children, arc depending for support, while
they are defending their homes against the ruth-
less barbarity of the savages. 1 say it is im- !
proper to take hasty action on the subject, and
to punish the men in this way when there could
have been no responsibility on them. They were
simply obeying the mdors of their officers. If
the ordet s of the officers were illegal, or wrong, or ;
improper to be executed, you cannot fasten the ij
responsibility upon the private soldier. You must 1
hold the officess responsible; and the fact that they
will be musteied out of service in a shot t time will
in no wi^c relieve them of the responsibility which
they owe to the law for an outrage such as the
Senator from Iowa Miys has been committed in
tin Tcrutoryof (Vloiado.
Sir, there "is a great deal of misguided sympa-
thy for the Indians. It is a fruitful theme, and
individuals all over the country are continually
elaborating it. They are talking constantly about
the wrongs which the aboriginal race has suffered
at the hands of the white man. I admit that
there have been wrongs on both sides. We have
deprived them of their country; we have occupied
it; and circumstances have necessarily driven us
to war with them. If I could appeal to Senators
here who represent the older States, and who
bring upon this floor some of the feeling's to which
I have just alluded, I would recall to their minds
the hostilities between the Indians and the early
settlers of the country in their own States, and
they would perhaps entertain a very different
opinion. This complaint of killing the women
and children of the Indians is as old as the settle-
ment of our country, and has been reiterated year
after year when wc have had an Indian difficulty.
It commenced with old Miles Standish in his fo-
rays against the Pcquods, and it has been perpet-
uated to the present time. lie was charged with
not particularly discriminating in favor of women
and children when he attacked and burnt the In-
dian villages, and wiped out the tribes which in-
fested that portion of the country. Sir, go back
and read the history of New England; read the
terrible scenes that were perpetrated upon our
soil; where the Indian women and children were
slaughtered, where the brains were knocked from
the babe at the mother's breast, and the father
was scalped in the presence of the rest of the
family.
I have had some experience with Indians; more
than half of my life has been spent in direct con-
tact with them. I have seen none of that noble,
generous, and lofty character"which is described
by Mr. Cooper and other Utopian writers on the
subject. I have found them a degraded, thieving,
murdering, plundering race. That is their in-
stinct; and when they slaughter our people, when
they murder them, when they rob them, they but
carry out what is the instinct of their nature. The
people of Colorado have been engaged in a war
of this character. These volunteers are men who
have been raised for the protection of their own
homes; many of them have looked on the smol-
dering ruins of their houses, and the mutilated
forms of their own wives and children lying
around them; and it is not probable that under
such circumstances men are very easily restrained
from retaliation. Retaliation is the natural reel-
ing of every man who witnesses calamities of that
kind heaped upon his own head. During my own
experience I have often witnessed such cases;
and while I believe my nature is as mild as that
of ordinary men, I have often thought it would
be well if the whole race could he exterminated.
I do not say that our Government would be jus-
tified or warranted m pursuing a course of that
kind, which would be entirely inhuman; but I
say there is nothing more natural to a frontiers-
man than to adopt such a view.
Sir, you cannot civilize the Indian. Yourhu-
manitaiian objects do not leaeh him. I have tried
myself to translate Christ's sermon on the mount
to the Indians, and I have never succeeded in con-
verting them to the excellent theories which were
set forth in that very wonderful production; but
I have succeeded sometimes in civilizing them
with powder and ball, and that is the only remedy.
It is the remedy that was adopted by the Puu-
tans in New England, and it has been carried
wherever our emigrants have traveled from the
shores of Massachusetts bay to the coast of the
Pacific, and to the Gulf, and to the Northwest,
no far as our intercourse has extended among
them.
My own State has not been the least among
the sufferers from these terrible outrages. In
1840 a very excellent, pious, arid worthy gentle-
man by the name of Whitman took his "family
across the Rocky mountains almost alone, and
established himself m the Yvalla-Walla valley,
about two thousand miles from the white settle-
ments on this side, and the nearest settlements on
the other side weie in China find Japan, so that
he was pcifectly isolated from civilization. His
object \v;is to do something to elevate th.p Indian
character. He established iarms,he instituted a
school, he and ins wife both taught school, lie
gave the Indians every education in his power;
he preached to them; he undertook to dissemi-
nate among them the principles and plan of salta-
tion. He was a man actuated by the most noble
and generous impulses. If God ever made a g*ood
man, I think he was one. That man remained
there until the emigration commenced passing
through the country. The first emigrants went
there in 1842. In the winter of 1847 fifteen or
twenty families of emigrants were delayed, ob-
structed by the snows in the mountains, and it
became necessary that they should winter at
Whitman's settlement, five hundred miles from
the Pacificocean. They did winter there. That
year the measles broke out among the Indians.
Dr. Whitman and his family were assiduous in
their attentions; did everything they could to re-
lieve them; but the Indians, to whom they had
done no wrong,to whom the emigrants had done
no wrong—there had never been a drop of blood
shed in the valley up to that time—held a coun-
cil among themselves and determined to exter-
minate this party, Dr. Whitman and his wife,
their benefactors, and the innocent women and
children who were detained there by the inclem-
ency of the weather. One morning they eame to
his house in a body, and one of them pretending
to be ill asked him for some medicine. While
the doctor, in the exercise of the generous hu-
manity that always animated him, was dealing
out to the Indian his medicine, another ap-
proached him from behind and crushed his skull
with a tomahawk. Then a general attack took
place. Mrs. Whitman was shot two or three
times; the women and children were murdered
indiscriminately. Mrs. Whitman begged for her
life, appealed to those Indians who were mem-
bers of her own church, of the church that had
been organized among them, and endeavored in
every way to induce them to save her life after
she was shot; but they were relentless, they
killed every man, they killed many of the women
and children, and some they kept and took into a
captivity worse than death.
Sir, this is but a solitary instance within the
boundaries of my own State. In 1855 the south-
ern Indians broke out and desolated an entire
district of country; they murdered men, women,
and children indiscriminately, and the condition
of those whom they took captive was worse than
that of those whom they had murdered. I will
not attempt to recount upon this floor the savage
deeds of barbarity which have been perpetrated
by this race within my own State, I might refer
to two massacres on Boisa river of peaceable em-
igrants, when the poor, helpless women, attempt-
ing, almost naked, to escape, were overtaken, and
the most horrible outrages perpetrated, which if
I were to enumerate them here would drive every
lady from these galleries. They were outrages
that are not fit to be mentioned or referred to
anywhere.
Under these circumstances, can you blamepeo-
plc who have suffered such wrongs and outrages
for some feeimgof retaliation ? Read the history
of the Oatman"family. When they were cross-
ing the plains the father and mother were mur-
dered, and two of the children, Utile girls, being
captured, were dragged on foot through weary
mile'? of deseit, and reduced to the most abject
slavery. One'of them died as the direct con-
sequence of the severe labors imposed on her by
her ruthless captors, and the other only survived
to suffer worse outrages than her sister who died.
I pity the man who reads that account and does
not shed a tear.
This dodge of " friendly" Indians is an old
one; it is one with which I am familiar. I never
knew an Indian yet who when he was conquered,
or was brought within the power of the white
man, did not become a " friendly Indian.5' In-
dians are then always disposed to be friendly. A
gentleman who crossed the plains last year told
me that the men of this very tribe of Indians, for
attacking whom you propose to punish Chivmg-
ton, were traveling through the country exhib-
iting strips of white cloth with the name of the
Indian upon them as a token that they were
fiiciidly; but when they found unarmed and de-
fenseless parties on the plains they stuck this
white cloth under their shirts and massacred the
pnrties, nnd then when they came across forces
too strong for them to overcome, they again ex-
hibited this badge of their friendship or neutral-
ity. These cases were of continual occurrence
last year on the plains. Captain Crawford, who
went over with an escort and has just returned,
