252
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
told me that when he arrived at Laramie he came
to the conclusion, and still believes, that there
■was complicity between some of the Government
officers and Indians in the mountains. Many
Government trains last year were attacked. He
told me that when he arrived at the agency he
found a party who had been waiting several days
for him to come up. They would not proceed
as several parties had been cut off; but the inter-
preter told a man who was in advance of Cap-
tain Crawford with a small train that he might
go on and the Indians would not disturb him.
The families, the women and children of the In-
dians, were assembled around the agency and
receiving protection and favor from the Govern-
ment while the young men were out fighting and
butchering our parties on the plains; and he says
that every night there was a constant howl going
up from that village for their young men who had
been slain in the different attacks on emigrants
crossing the plains. He told me that he saw one
man there who was the survivor of a party of
whom at the first fire six men and a boy were
shot down and he was left by the Indians for dead.
There were two ladies in that train and several
children. The Indians captured the two ladies
—the wife of this wounded man,and his daughter
—and took them off. The man subsequently
found his way to the fort m an exhausted and
wounded condition, and he induced people to go
out to hunt for his wife and daughter who had
been captured by the Indians. A short distance
from the creek they found his daughter killed,
scalped, and a stake driven through her body.
His wife is yeta prisoner among the Indians, and
when Captain Crawford was there he was en-
deavoring to raise some people to go out to at-
tempt to rescue his wife from the hands of her
barbarous captors. Do you suppose that man,
if he had the opportunity of engaging in an at-
tack upon an Indian village, would have been
restrained any more than Miles Stnndish was?
Do you not suppose that he was perfectly imbued
with the idea that it was necessary to extermi-
nate a race who would perpetrate such outrageous
and heinous crimes? I have no doubt that many
of the men who participated in this alleged attack
near Fort Lyon were men who were smarting
under wrongs of a similar character.
Captain Crawford told me of another incident.
Beyond Fort Laramie a party of Indians attacked
a train and were unsuccessful. One of the chiefs
was desperately wounded, but he succceded in
getting away. A white man who had at some
previous time been in the employment of the Gov-
ernment as agent or sub-agent took him to his
house, nursed him, and cared for him. The com-
manding officer of the military forces hearing
that the Indian was there wounded, that he had
^bcen wounded in an attack on an emigrant train
comprising women and children, thought that he
should take means of securing him. He sent a
guard there to be placed over the house, but this
white man \yho had him in chargn,and who was
an accomplice doubtless in 1ns crimes, succeeded
in spiriting him away. The next thing the captain
heard of this vagabond chieftain was that he was
lying in the United States hospital being cared
for by the Government, his wounds dressed and
receiving medical aid and attention from the offi-
cers of the Army.
These are a few of the circumstances that arc
constantly occurring upon that route. I could
enlarge upon them, but I have no desire to do so.
As 1 said before, these outrages have been com-
mitted upon both sides. I do not pretend to say
that the whites upon the frontiers are always
right and the Indians always wrong. There aie,
doubtless, occasionally, circumstances of paliia-
tion upon either side; but I do know so far as my
own experience goes, these wars ofextermmation
have always been inaugurated by the Indians
themselves, and have never been inaugurated by
the white man, though he may at times have been
driven to them by way of retaliation. When we
find ourselves surrounded by a people who will be
governed and controlled by no sort of civil policy,
but who upon all occasions resort to this species
of warfare; who prefer to make war upon women
and children bccause they are defenseless, and
there is less danger to be apprehended in a war
of that kind, and when the only manner of re-
straining them is their extermination, it is a ques-
tion which it is well for gentlemen to consider how
farit may properly be pursued, ltis well, Isay,
to take into consideration how far a remedy of
that kind may be pursued. I would not rec-
ommend extermination under ordinary circum-
stances; but when men whose families have suf-
fered barbarities and cruelties at the hands of the
Indians have a chance to retaliate, I am not pre-
pared to blame them altogether when they attack
the Indian villages and put them to the fire and the
sword. This is an old .complaint. Miles Stan-
dish attacked the Pequods, and it was said that he
did so, and that was about the earliest complaint
of the butchery of women and children in this
country. We heard of it again in Jackson's wars
in the South west. I believe that at Horseshoe
Bend and in some other places in Alabama, he
was accused of butchering women and children
in indiscriminate warfare. Some time subsequent
to that, and it is within the memory of every per-
son here, General Harney attacked the Sioux
village at Ash Hollow, and he was accused of
there puttingmen, women, and children to death
indiscriminately. The nextcomplaint we heard of
this kind, I believe, was in Connor's campaign
on Bear river, where in the dead of winter he at-
tacked the Indians who had assembled in their
village, and in the fight, doubtless, some women
and children were killed.
It is impossible to discriminate in such cases.
When the Indians can be found in a village with
their women and children, it is about the only
place where they will stand so that you can get a
" sight" on them. All other fights with them are
in the nature of foot-races; but when they have
their women and children in their villages, and
have collected and deposited there the plunder
they have stolen, they make generally a pretty
respectable sort of stand. In a case of that kind
you have an opportunity of killing the men, and
doubtless, while filing into Indian lodges indis-
criminately, you will sometimes kill women and
children. This was the case, doubtless, in those
instances which I have enumerated, and I have
nodoubtthat when Colonel Chivington'sconduct
conies to bo investigated you will find that these
were the circumstances under which he attacked
the village. The young men of that village had,
doubtless, been at war, and he attacked them in
the village and inflicted on them indiscriminate
slaughter. As I said before, I do not attempt to
justify indiscriminate slaughter, but I say there
are circumstances when men cannot be restrained
from it. Women and children have been killed
in this war. There is scarcely a town or city
which has been whelled during the war where
more or less of them have not been sacrificed by
the missiles which have been hurled at their resi-
dences. It is not properly a cause of complaint,
becausc it is a thing that happens unintentionally
and unavoidably under the circumstance. -
I trust, Mr. President, thatthis resolution which
proposes to inflict upon Colonel Chmngton and
his men punishment in advance of Ascertaining
what has been the character of their crime or
what they have done in this matter of extermina-
tion, will not pass. 1 hope that time will be given
for a full, free,and fair investigation. If Colonel
Chivington has attacked a village of mere women
and children, unprovoked, and robbed and plun-
dered them, I should be the last man to raise my
hand or voice in his defense; butif he has pursued
fugitive robbers and thieves who had been depre-
dating on that community to their village and at-
tacked them and exterminated them, I have little
sympathy for the Indians. Most of my sympa-
thy is on the side of the white man. All the ex-
perience of my life has taught me that whatever
.sympathy these people may derive at the hands
of transcendental philosophers and persons who
are at very remote distances fiom them and know
nothing about the circumstances existing on the
frontier, my sympathy should be given to the
white man, because I believe he has generally
been in the right and has only resorted to this
sort of retaliation as a matter of self-defense.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, I do not un-
deistand that the resolution before us proposes,
as is claimed and asserted by the Senator from
Oregon, any considerable punishment to the par-
ties engaged in this so-called war. It proposes
simply that the pay and compensation to which
they would be entitled shall at present be reserved,
and that an immediate investigation shall be had.
I-am in favor of that proposition. If you pay for ,
this expedition now, or letit be paid for, you will
investigate it, I undertake to say, very slowly, but
if you stop the compensation and take proper
steps at the beginning, you will have an addi-
tional incentive to ail persons connected with the
expedition to have the investigation made. I do
not pretend to hold any opinion upon the merits
of the proposition as to whether men, women,
and children of the Indian race have been massa-
cred in this case without provocation or cause. I
think the statements maue by the Senator from
Iowa are sufficiently direct to require the investi-
gation that he proposes by the resolution, and I
think thestep he proposes, in suspending the pay
and compensation until that be done, is a very
safe and practical one.
The Senator from Oregon might have enter-
tained us further, for I confess that I was very
much entertained by his speech recounting the
histories of the Indian wars, particularly on the
side of the question which he said claims his sym-
pathies, especially the white man's side of the
question. I have no doubt that what the honor-
able Senator from Oregon says m one respect is
true, that there is very much false sympathy ex-
pressed for the Indians upon occasions and by
persons in civihzcd bodies and communities; but
while he gives us an account of Indian wars and
barbarous and cruel massacres in his own State
and in the far West, he should not forget m jus-
tice and in truth to relate what he must know of
the barbarities, the cruel injustice of the white
man to these poor creatures whom God has made
and given as much right to live and be as He has
to either the Senator or myself. Why, sir, the
State that 1 in part represent htJVe has been the
theater of these so-called Indian wars; 1 will not
say akin to the Chivington war, because sve know
nothing about the facts of that yet; but I do know
of the facts connected with the so-called Indian
wars of my State, and it will not be enough for
me to say that I am ashamed of them to-day: my
heart has bled again and ngain through long years
over the miserable and cruel and cowardly mur-
ders perpetrated in that State against these poor
defenseless creatures.
Upon the simple allegation coming from a
county in the State of California that a house had
been burned by an Indian boy that lived theie,
and that after he set fire to the house, which of
course consumed some of the inmates, he ran
into the Indian country, there was an Indian war
got up and carried on at the expense of the State;
and eventually it came to Congress to be paid for
from the national Treasury—one of the most un-
necessary, cruel, and baibarous butcheries that
ever was perpetrated on earth. 1 undertook the
investigation of that war in the Legislature of the
State against a powerful lobby; a lobby reeking
and filled with men stamped by God with an im-
pression that could not be mistaken by the quick
instincts and intuition of any clear-minded man.
When I got so far in the investigation as to prove
what was the mode of warfare carried on by the
leaders of companies organized of white men—
shall 1 call them white men or recognize their
claim to belong to that race?—when I got to the
point of developing their system of warfare, which
was to sneak along through the mountains, where
there was peace and no war, in the darkness of the
night until the revealing light of the morning sun
gave them an opportunity of surrounding a de-
fenseless camp occupied in peace, then alarm the
camp, and as the creatures ran shoot them down,
concentrating upon them a fire from which they
could not possibly escape; when I got to that
point with my investigation, tho investigation
was silenced, the lobby bccame too strong, as it
very often does.
There were instances there, sir, where fifty to
eighty bodies were mangled and cut to pieces,
ay, of men, women, and children, with toma-
hawks in white men's hands; and when the
creatures escaped into a pond of water, as they
occasionally put their heads above its surface
that they might breathe and live, they were dis-
patched upon being discovered. If those Indians
had devastated the country; if they had burned
homes, as was claimed; if they had pillaged, as
was claimed; if they had murdered and outraged
and carried white persons into captivity, and this
was retaliation, there would have been at least
an excuse, if not a complete justification. But
that was not the case. These wars—I am nol
