254
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
investigation is to be made, by the War Depart-
ment, the pay of the officers in command of the
expedition, as well as of the private soldiers,
should be suspended. It does not assume that
the Senate shall pass upon the question, and the
Senate stop the pay of these officers and men, but
requests the Secretary of War to examine into the
case, and not to pay the troops engaged in this
expedition until he shall, have examined it and
ascertained fully what the circumstanccs were,
and whether the expedition was justifiable, and
then having the matter under his control he will
make the payments.
Mr. President, it is not from any overweening
sympathy in behalf of the Indian race that 1 stand
here to plead for the adoption of this resolution;
I do not deny that I feel a sympathy for that
race, for I look upon it as a dying race. Such
has been its history from the beginning of the
Government to the present time. It is dying
through natural causes growing out of its contact
with a superior race inhabiting the same; country.
There are causes which are at once set in opera-
tion, moral causes, physical onuses, and the war-
fare when once begun between civilized and
savage life becomes an eternal and irrepressible
conflict which, in the very nature of things, will
only cease when the savage life ceases. Why,
sir, if you look at the state of Indian affairs any-
where in this country, even where large settle-
ments have never been attempted by the white
men, if you go into the Hudson's Bay territory,
where there are one hundred and forty thousand
Indians and not over three thousand white men,
with perhaps six or eight thousand half breeds,
you will find that the Indian race is dying even
from that contact with the European race. The
very contact of the races produces this result.
But, sir, while I believe this, while 1 look upon
them as a race that is passing away, while I be-
lieve the time is coming, and rapidly coming,
when the only trace that will be loft of the Indian
race will he the beautiful names which they leave
to our towns and rivers, when they shall have dis-
appeared, in all human probability, from the con-
tinent, yet I am unwilling that the /lag and the
Government of the United" States shall be stained
by any outrages such as it is alleged have been
perpetrated by Colonel Chivington and the men
under his command in this expedition. There-
foie, sir, while I am as blow, I believe, as must
persons to pass judgment in the absence of a heal-
ing or the absence of a trial, upon the conduct of
any officer, civil or military, yet I believe that in
this case the facts arc presented in such a man-
ner that an investigation ought to be had, and I
further believe that there ought to bo a suspen-
sion in the payment of these hundred days' troops
until the Seeietary of War is satisfied with their
action; and that I understand to be the substance
of ihn* resolution.
Mr. POMluROY. I do not intend to resist the
passage of tin* resolution in some form. I think
that one portion of the resolution is perfectly
. proper. 1 am certainly in favor of so much of
it as proposes to direct the Secietary of War to
order an investigation. The other portion of the
resolution implies that we have already brought
in a verdict to a sufficient extent to induce us to
direct the suspension of the payment of these
troops. I do not object to that simply on account
of the pay. The suspension of the thirteen dol-
lars a month is not the point with me; but that
implies that we have adjudged the case far enough
to recommend that. I am not prepared to go that
far.
I know Colonel Chivington by reputation very
well, and I have a slight personal acquaintance
with him. The latter part of this resolution goes
on the presumption that he has committed great
wrong, because it brings m a verdict of that kind, j
I can see very well ho"w I can ask to have an in- j
vestigation upon these charges, but I do not see i
how 1 am called upon to vote as if I had made up [
my mind that ho was guilty. Colonel Chiving- ]
ton is a man who has sustained all his life not j
only an excellent, but I think I may say an en- ]
viable, reputation. Prom eaily manhood he has j
been a minister of the Methodist church, not a
church with which I am connected, but a church I
for which I >*ave a very high respect. He was I;
presiding elder in that church when he entered j:
the military service. i!
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator will allow me, i!
I have been informed, and I think it is true, that
this gentleman was at one time a minister in the
Methodist church, but he was suspended and
dismissed from the church, and he is now not
even a member.
Mr. POMEROY. Then he has been dismissed
since he entered the militaiy service, for when he
came on to Washington a short time ago he
preached in a Methodist church and officiated as
a minister.
I only mention that as prima facie evidence of
his having had a good character. Governor
Evans, a man distinguished for his philanthropy
and kindnessandrehgion, not only strongly rec-
ommended Colonel Chivington,but has indorsed
his act since it has been reported to have been
committed; and I notice that the papers in that
Tciritoiy speak in the highest terms of Colonel
Chivington. 1 take the Mountain News and two
or three of their papers. They speak in the
highest terms oven of this act of Colonel Chiv-
ington. lie w/is a candidate for Congiess at the
late election, and was elected by a large majority,
and if they had not voted against a State organ-
ization he would now, I suppose, be representing
that State in the House of Representatives. That,
1 claim, is another reason why it is to be presumed
that he is a man of good character and good stand-
ing. The presumption is that a man of such a
character and such a standing would not commit
such an outrageous act as the one alleged unless
there were some provocation and some control-
ling circumstanccs that have not yet come to the
knowledge of the Senate.
This Indian war on thatline from the Missouri
river to California has been kept up for a whole
year. Citizens from my own town, my own neigh-
bors, were murdered there last year, and there
were brought to my own town and my own house,
when I was at home lately, little children with
their fingcis cut off, with their ears cut off, and
one with his nose cut off by Indians on that line.
There are controlling circumstanccs, in my
opinion, that have not yet come to the knowledge
of the country or of the Committee on Indian
Allans; and it is on that account that I ask that a
vei diet and judgment may be suspended and that
only an investigation may be ordered. I know
that Colonel Chivington and every man theie will
not shrink fiom an investigation. IJut to have i
the ease prejudged, to have the Senate declaie
that their pay shall be suspended as if they weie
criminals, before they have been heard, I say is
going faster than I am prepared to go m this case.
Colonel Chivington is the colonel of the thiid Colo-
rado regiment. I do not know of his being colonel
of any one hundred days'men called into service
by a proclamation of the Governor. There may
be such men in the command, but he is in the
volunteer service of the Government, amenable
to a com t-martial, and the regular proceedings
urnlei a coui t-uiartial.
For these reasons I shall ask that the losolution
be amended, by sinking out so much of it as re-
lates to the suspension of the pay of the officers
and ni<*n, thus confining it to a i equost to the Sec-
retary of War to order an investigation. I do this,
not because there is any particular value in the
pay that I am speaking of, but because if I vote
for the resolution as it stands it commits me to a
decision of guilty m the case; itsupposesthat the
Senate are ready to pronounce a verdict of that
character; we at least recommend that much. I
think that as far as we can safely go is to order
an investigation, and let that be as thorough and
as i igid as the Secretary of War or the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs may desire.
I will not pursue these remarks further, but
will now submit a motion that the resolution be
amended, by stuking out so much of it as relates
to the suspension of the officers and men.
The Secretary read the amendment, which was
in section one, line three, after the words " Soc-
ietal y of War," to stnkc out the following words:
fie, and lie is hereby, dnccted to c«ui?-<v the suspension
of all pay and allowances to eaeh of the inewhen of Use
tliiic! Colorado regiment, office)-, puvates, and employe.-,
and all otitis engaged in the tecent attack made on tiie
CheymiG Indians, m their village near Fort Lyon, in the
Tenitoiy of Colorado, under the command of Colonel Chiv-
ington, until the conduct of said Colonel Chivington, the
members of said third Cola ado regiment, ofliccis, pi nates,
and employes, ami all others engaged m said attack, ^hall
seveialiy leceive the apptovulof the said Sucietaiy ofWar;
and that the said Secietary.
Mr. HARLAN, I hope this amendment will
not be adopted, if it should be it will defeat the
effectiveness of the resolution. The paities, who
are chiefly hundred days' men, will probably be
mustered out of the service in a very short time
and receive their pay, and will disperse in the
mines m the mountains, where it will be impos-
sible to inflict on them any punishment if they be
found guilty of misconduct.
1 wish, in connection with this remark, to state
an additional fact which aggravates the case if in-
vestigation should establish the truth of the state-
ments which have come to the knowledge of the
committee. The Governor of Colorado some
months ago issued a proclamation inviting the
peaceable Indians to collect together in places
indicated, so as to be separated from the hostile
members of tribes and <hc hostile tiibcs, for the
purpose of receiving the protection of the sol-
diery, and in order that they might not suffer in
any contemplated conflict of arms. These In-
dians, as we are informed, convened at this camp
in the vicinity of Fort Lyon in pursuance of this
invitation of the Governor. Having convened
there in pursuance of the invitation of the civil
authority of that Territory, where they were al-
most immediately assailed by the soldiery and
massacred, it seems to me, if unexplained, it af-
fords a picture of bad faith and depravity unpar-
alleled in human history. This was notintended,
doubtless, by the Governor; but how will it ap-
pear to the Indian tribes? llere the Governor of
the Territory invites the peaceable Indians to sep-
arate themselves from the hostile Indians in oider
that they may be protected; and when they are
fairly settled down in their camps in puisuance
of this invitation the armed white men fall on
them and massacre them.
If these allegations shall prove to be true, as
the committee lear will be the case, and the per-
petrators should go unpunished, it will disgrace
the nation in the eyes of all just and honorable
men. I know that Indians have committed out-
rages; they are savages, and often commit griev-
ous wrongs; but it seems to me that that is suffi-
ciently answered by the fact that we are not sav-
ages and should not follow their bad example. If
we are not savages, we must not follow in their
bloody footsteps.
Mr. WILSON. I move to strike out the word
"privates" wherever it occurs in the resolution,
so that it shall apply to the officers alone who are
responsible. I think it is the duty of the privates
to obey their officers. Our laws on that subject
are very severe indeed. I think the responsibility
attaches to the officers for this act. if we will
strike out the privates and apply it to the officers
I think it will be just and proper; but to apply it
to the privates it seems to me would be to punish
men who were acting under orders, and who would
be shot down on the spot if they did not obey
those oi ders.
Mr. HARLAN. I hope this amendment to
the amendment may not be adopted, for this rea-
son: it is clear, the committee think, that these
privates came back laden with the loot, the fruits
of this outrage and massacre, and thus connected
themselves directly and criminally with the
wiong. Had they simply obeyed orders and
fired on these helpless creatures, there would be
a palliation in the fact that they only obeyed or-
ders, but those orders surely would not justify
them in plundering the victims of the cruelty and
carrying off this loot and parading it in the capi-
tal of the Territory as evidence of their prowess.
The privates, it is said, came back laden with
this plunder; and if it is just in relation to the
officers it is just m relation to them, that the pay
should be suspended until the facts can becleaily
ascertained. If on investigation it shall appear
that they did not connect themselves with these
outrages, and arc not guilty of intentional wrong,
of course they will receive their pay. But then
they have this plunder in their possession. They
have no right to it; and one portion of the reso-
lution duects the Secretary of War to seize it and
hold it for the use of the Federal Government, or,
if it should appear that the act was unwai ran table,
that it shall be returned to the tribe from which
it was taken; that restitution shall be made to the
living part of this tribe of the plunder taken from
their slaughtered comrades, and thus impress
them with the conviction that the outrage was
unautuorized, and that they w'll be treated justly
by the Federal authorities.
