1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
255.
Mr. FARWELL. 1 suggest that the amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts should go
further, i suppose it is as much the duty of the
subordinate officers to obey the orders of the com-
manding officer as it is of the privates, and con-
sequently he should move to amend the resolution
by striking out all but the commanding officer, to
car ry out his idea.
Mr. WILSON. I am willing to punish all the
officers.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ten
Eyck in the chair.) The question will be on
the motion of the Senator from Massachusetts to
modify the portion of thejointresolution proposed
to be stricken out by striking out the word " pri-
vates."
Mr. POMEROY. The amendment of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts not now being m order,
as the amendmentthat I moved is pending, I will
accept the amendment of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts as a modification of my own motion.
The PRESI DING OFFICER. The Chair will
state that it is in order to move to modify that
portion of the original resolution which it is pro-
posed to snike out, before the vote is taken on
striking out.
Mr. POMEROY. I will accept the modification
suggested by the Senator from Massachusetts,
thus confining the operation of the resolution
simply to the officers.
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President, I do not think
that this resolution, paiticularly in Us pnsent
form, ought to pass. If this Colonel Chivington
is guilty of the conduct indicated in the papers
winch have been read by the Senator from Iowa,
he deserves the severest punishment. But, su,
I am not m favor of punishing; any man without
giving him a full and fair trial. I think, if the
resolution is to pass, that the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Massachusetts should first be
' adopted, because certainly the privates who obey
oidera m making a chaige of the character indi-
cated by the Senator from Iowa aic not to blame.
Sir, 1 think the Senator from Iowa has done
well in bringing this matter to the consideration
of the Senate. I think if is the duty of this Sen-
ate when they are informed of such outrages on
the pait of any of our military commanders, by
resolve, or otherwise, to call the attention of the
executive department of the Government to them,
and to demand that they be tried before the proper
tribunals and punished, if this Colonel Chiv-
ington is guilty of the conduct stated by the Sen-
atoi from Iowa he deserves to be tued bifoie a
military court and shot to death. If the facts
stated in the papeis which have been lead to the
Senate are true, that he with his command made
an assault upon friendly Indians under the pro-
tection of our flag, knowing them to be such,
killed them and took away their propeity, he is
guilty of murder, peculation, and jobbery, and
deserves to die by the sentence of a military court.
I think it would have been better if the Senator
ftom Iowa had intioduced a resolution setting
forth the facts, and asking the President or Secre-
tary of War to appoint a military commission to
investigate them, and if they found them true to
inflict upon this man the punishment he deserves;
and if tiiey find them untrue, let them by a ver-
dict of acquittal relieve our flag from the disgrace
that would attach to it in consequence of the mur-
der and robbery indicated in the papers that have
been read.
But, sir, I do not think that Colonel Chiving-
ton or anybody else should be punished until his
guilt has been made manifest before a legal tri-
bunal. If the Senator will draw up a pieamble
embodying the facts set forth in the papers that
he has caused to be read, and will then follow it up
by a resolution requesting the President, or direct-
ing the Secretary of War to convene a military
coutt, and try him and punish him if guilty, I
will vote for it with the greatest pleasure. But
here, by the terms of this resolution, the pay of the
privates of this regiment is stopped, because they
were led to this awful charge by their command-
ing officer. Why, sir, if these soldiers had not
obeyed the orders of their supeiior they would
have been liable to be and perhaps would have
been punished in the severest manner. It is the
officer who leads that is guilty; and I would not
take away the pittance you give to the poor sol-
dier. I would punish the officer for such con-
duct in the harshest possible manner; but I never
would punish him without first trying him before
a legally constituted court, and having him con-
victed by that court. *
I know nothing of this Colonel Chivington. I
do not remember ever to have heard his name
before the honorable Senator from Iowa intro-
duced these papers to the notice of the Senate.
The Senator from Kansas says he knows him,
and that he is a man of the most estimable char-
acter. I dare say that is all true.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 said he was at the time I
knew him. 1 have not known him for the last
few years.
Mr. POWELL. I know nothing and care
nothing about him; but I do know this: that if
an officer of the American Army leads on the regi-
ment he commands to such deeds as are indicated
by the papers read by the Senator from Iowa, he
is a murderer, a robber, and a public plunderer,
and deserves to be sentenced and shot to death
by a military court in obedience to the military
law, jf, under the military law, the punishment
is death.
But, sir, this colonel, I dare say, is an honor-
able gentleman. The presumptions are all in his
favor. The presumption of the law is that every
man is innocent until his guilt is made manifest.
I say not one word against Colonel Chivington.
1 know nothingabout him. But,sir, 1 would not
punish him; 1 would pass no resolve that would
indicate that he had acted improperly by admin-
istering any punishment, however gentle it may
be, such as the stopping of his pay, until he had
been propei ly tried and sentenced to punishment.
Do that, and all will be well.
We have had enough of this kind of thing in
this country of late years, of arresting and pun-
ishing men without trial or withoutcharge against
them, i know the Senator from Iowa has read
charges against this officer, but the accused has
had no chance to confront and to meet them. If
he is guilty you do yourself a manifest injustice
by inflicting any punishment upon him until you
have made that guilt manifest. Besides, if he is
guilty, the stoppage of lus pay is a punishment
altogether too jig hi f oi such crimes as ai e charged
against him. if we do anything let us pass a
resolution lequesting the proper authorities to
order a court of inquiry upon the case. I know
that we have no power to do that; but it is within
our legitimate province, and we are lecreant to our
high duties unless we do call the attention of the
executi ve depai iment of the Govei nment to such
offenses, and i eque.\t that the guilty pat ties be ar-
raigned, uied,and punished in obedience to law.
1 have, then, two objections to the resolution.
First, I do not think the poor privates ought to
be cmhtaced in it, and hence 1 shall vote for the
amendment suggested by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts. If it were amended in that form I
could not still vote lor it, because you so far ad-
judge the case us to inflict punishment on this
colonel without his being heard; you adjudge him
so far as to stop his pay. That maybe a matter
of great importance to him.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The subordinate officers,arc
in the same condition.
Mr. POWELL. The Senator from Rhode
Island suggests that the suboidinate officers are
in the same catalogue with this colonel. If there
be guilt, Colonel Chivington is the guilty one; he
is the man I wish to see punished, provided he is
guilty; but! hope, for the honor of the flag ofmy
country, that when the investigation is made,
which I hope will be made, he will prove himself
innocent ofthis most outrageous plunder and mur-
der. But, sir, if he should be found by the proper
legal tribunal guilty, then, in order to vindicate
the majesty of the law, in older to vindicate our
name and keep our flag fiom dishonor, he should
be punished to the very extent of the law.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, exceptional
ciimes require exceptional remedies. Here isan
exceptional crime; one of the most atrocious in
the history of any country. These must bean
exceptional remedy to a certain extent commen- .
surute with the exceptional character of the crime.
And, sir, the icmedy, in older to be anything hut
a name, ought to have something of swiftness m
it. 1^ must not wait the slow ceremonies of or-
dinary proceedings. It must have promptitude
such as can be given to it by tins proposition now
under consideration. I thank the Senator from
Iowa for bringing it forward; let us vote upon it,
put it on its passage, speed it on its way, for only
by doing so can we wash our hands of this intol-
erable atrocity.
Mr. POWELL. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts says he would be swift to punish. Sup-
pose that Colonel Chivington and the men under
his command should prove upon trial to be inno-
cent; then the Senator's remedy would be swift
to do injury. Sir, I am in favor of being swift to
punish; but never, never would I punish swiftly
or tardily until the party accused had been ar-
raigned before a proper tribunal and found guilty.
That is the difference between the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts and myself. He is swift
to punish before the party has been tried and ad-
judged guilty; I would only be swift to punish
after the party had been tried before a legally
constituted tribunal and found guilty.
Sir, propose your resolution to have this man,
upon the papers you have got, ordered instantly
under arrest, and request the President, the Com-
mander-in-Chief of the armies of the United
States, or direct your Secretary of War, if you
please, to arraign him before a military tribunal
and try him, and if he be found guilty I would
be the last man to ask that he be exempt from
any punishmentinflicted under the law. I know,
and the Senator from Massachusetts knows, that
the conduct charged by these papers against this
Colonel Chivington, if true, will under the mili-
tary law condemn him to death. If they are
true, he is guilty of murder, which would con-
sign him to death under the law; he is guilty of
plunder and pillage, and pillage under the mili-
tary law is punished by death, or by any other
punishment that a court-martial may choose to
inflict. Almost every count (if I may use that
term) in the charges against this person, under
the military law would consign him, if guilty, to
death.
Sir, 1 would not prejudge any man. I would
give him a fair and impartial tiial, and if found
guilty, then I would be swift in my punishment,
but not till then. In myjudgment, if you pass this
resolution you will do this man a manifest injus-
tice; you will do yourselves greater injustice; for
the Senate of the United States ought to be gov-
erned not only by the dictates of humanity, but
by the laws of the land. Every man is presumed
to be innocent until his guilt appears or is made
manifest before some legal tribunal. There is no
such establishment of guilt against this man. I
admit that without establishment of guilt you
can proceed so far as to aricst and arraign him,
but no further can you go. You cannot legally
make that arrest m the civil courts except there is
probable cau;?e shown in the affidavit; but under
the military law you have a right to make out
your charges and arraign this man and try him.
I know nothing whatever of this Colonel Chiv-
ington; and it does not matter whether I know
him or not. lie may be guilty. I fear for the
honor of my country that lie is guilty; for the
statements that the Senatorfrom Iowa has brought
to the attention of the Senate from Government
authorities seem to indicate that ail is not right
in thatdnection. I by no means wish to.censure
the Senatorfrom Iowa for bringing this matter to
the attention of the Senate. I think that lie has
acted well m that. lie has been governed by
high dictates of justice and humanity, and for that
I commend him. I do not think he is pursuing
the proper and legal course to reach the evil of
which he complains; and that is the only thing
in which 1 think he is in fault.
Mr. HARLAN. I think the Senator makes a
strong case by his statement of facts. Pie argues
on the presumption that this proposition isapun-
ishment, presuming that these parties are guilty,
when the reverse is true. The resolution pro-
poses that the pay shall be suspended and the
plunder taken into custody of the officers of the
United States, and thus 
Mi. POWELL. If the Senator from Iowa will
allow me, it would not be so much punishment
as it would be an implication of guilt. When the
Senate of the United States act in this matter by
solemnly passing this resolve, it certainly is an
indication of guilt; for the presumption is that
this honorable body would not proceed and stop
this man's pay unless there was some guilt made
manifest to them.
Mr. HARLAN. I have yet to learn that the
suspension of pay is regarded by soldiers or offi-
