1022
dollars per day, and the other officers three dol-
lars per day, during the session of theLegisl&tive
Assembly; but no other officers are to be paid by
the United States. There is to be but one ses-
sion of the Legislative Assembly annually,unless,
on an extraordinary occasion, the Governor, with
the approval of the President of the UnitedStates,
fihalt think proper to call them together. There
is to be appropriated annually t,he usual sum, to
be expended by the Governor, to defray the con-
tingent expenses of the Territory, including the
salary of the clerk of the executive department;
.and there is also to be appropriated annually a
sufficient sum, to be expended by the secretary
of the Territory, and upon an estimate to be made
by the Secretary of the Treasury of the United
States, to defray the expenses of the Legislative
Assembly, the printing of the laws, and other in-
cidental expenses. . !£he Governor ar^d secretary
of the Territory, in the disbursement of all
monoys intrusted to them, are to be governed
solely by the instructions of the Secretary of the
Treasury of the United States, and shall semi-
annually account to him for the manner in which
these moneys shall have been expended; but funds
intrusted to the Governor, as superintendent of
Indian affairs, are to be disbursed and accounted
•for as provided by law and the rules and regula-
tions of the Interior Department. No expendi-
ture is to be made by the Legislative Assembly for
objects not specially authorized by the acts of
Congress making the appropriations, nor beyond
.the sums thus appropriated for such objects.
The Governor and Legislative Assembly are to
locate and establish the seat of government for the
Territory at sjich place as they may deem eligi-
ble; but the seat of government gxed by the Gov-
ernor and Legislative Assembly is not to be at
any time changed except by an act of the Assem-
bly duly passed and approved, after due notice,
by the several Indian tribes, or by a majority of
them, in such manner as the Secretary oftheln-
terior may prescribe.
A Delegate to the House of Representatives of
the United States, to serve for the term of two
years, who is to be a member of some one of the
Indian tribes residing in the Territory and at peace
with the United States, may be elected by the
voters qualified to elect members of the Legisla-
tive Council, who is to be entitled to the same
rights and privileges as are exercised and enjoyed
by the Delegates from the several other Territo-
ries of the United States to the House of Rep-
resentatives; but the Delegate first elected is to
hold his seat only during the term of the Congress
to which he shall be elected; and the first Dele-
gate may be elected by the Legislative Council,
and afterward in such manner as may be pro-
vided by law. The Constitution and all laws of
the United States, which are not locally inappli-
cable, are to have the same force and effect within
the Indian Territory as elsewhere within the
United States.
When the lands in the Territory shall be sur-
veyed under the direction of the Governmentofthe
United States, preparatory to bringing then; into
market, sections numbered sixteen and thirty-six
ill each township in the Territory are to be re-
served for the purpose of being applied to schools
in the Territory, and in the States and Territories
hereafter to be erected out of it.
Until otherwise provided bylaw,the Governor
of the Territory may assign the judges who may
be appointed for the Territory to the several dis-
tricts, and also appoint the times and places for
holding courts in the several subdivisions in each
of the judicial districts, by proclamation to be is-
sued by him; but the Legislative Assembly, at
their first or any subsequent session,may organ-
ize, alter, or modify such judicial districts,°and
assign the judges, and alter the times and places
of holding the courts, as to them shall seem proper
and convenient.
All officers to be appointed by the President of
the United States, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, for the Territory, who, by
virtue of the provisions of any law now existing,
or which may be enacted by Congress, are re-
ffiii-.d to give security for moneys that may he
ri.V'iNitd with them fordisbursement.are to give
su.-Insecurity at such time and in such manner as'
the Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe.
The Committee on rndiati Affairs reported' the
bill with various amendments. i
Ml! CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. February 23,
The Secretary read the first amendment of the
committee^ which w«s in line twenty-six, section
one, after the word " States" to strike out the
words " after the Indian title shall have been ex-
tinguished" and to insert the word "or;" so that
the proviso will read:
•Bnd provided, That nothing in this act contained shall
be construed to inhibit the Government of' liie Unueii
States from dividing >.tid r£w uory, or changing its bound-
aries, in such manner and at such tune as Congress shall
deem convenient and proper, or from attaching any por-
tion of said Territory to any other Suite or Territory of the
-United States, with the consent of tiie Indians residing m
said Territory.
Mr. D00LITTLE. That word " or " should
be stricken ostplso.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That word will
be considered as included in the motion to strike
out.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I think that amendment
should include the last sentence. The insertion
of the word "or "is certainly wrong. I do not
think we ought to ask the consent of the Indians
whether we shall change the boundary of that
country or nat.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. In relation to that I will
say to my friend from Kansas that we specially
-reserve that the consent of the Indiana shall be
necessary. We are under treaty obligations with
those Indians in relatian to this matter which we
ought not to depart from, and which we cannot
depart from without violating the faith of the
United States.
Mr. POMEROY. Bat by the text of the bill,
as it is printed, the word "or" is printed as an
-amendment of the committee.
Mr. LANE,of Kansas. That has been stricken
out.
Mr. POMEROY. If the wjird".or"is stricken
-out that makes good grammar of it.
Mr. DQOLITI'LE. That was a misprint, and
I have moved to strike it out.
The next amendment was in section three, line
•two, after the word "Territory" to insert the
-wards " appointed by the President, by and with
the advice and,consent of theSenate;" so that the
section will read:
That there shall be a secretary of said Territory, ap-
pointed by the President, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, who shaii reside therein, and hold hie
office for four years, unless sooner removed by the Presi-
dent of the United States, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
, Mr. DOOLITTLE. I propose to add an amend-
i ment at the end of the fifth section. I move to
insert the words "and approved by Congress"
after the words" Legislative Cour,cil;"so that the
clause will read:
But the qualifications of voters, and of members of said
Council, at all subsequent elections, shall be such as shall
be prescribed by the Legislative Council and approved by
Congress. " -
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. That amendment
will be made, if there be no objection.
The next amendment was in section six, line
nine, to strike out the word "forcible"andinsert
the word "compulsory;'* so that the clause'will
read:
But no law shall be in force providing for the sale, taxa-
tion, or incumbrance of real estate,or the compuNoWcol-
lection of debts, until approved by Congress, nor shall any
be imposed, upon the property of the United States.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That is one of the im-
portant provisions of the bill, and I will simply
state that the reason why that provision was in-
serted was because such are the laws of the Indian
tribes in those Territories now. They have no law
to enforce the collection of debt,and it is deemed
entirely improper that among Indians in their pres-
ent state such a law should exist.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section seven, line fifty-five, to strike out the words
"and enforce" after the word " recognize," and
in line fifty-six to strike out the words " lawfully
residing m said Territory," and to insert " as to
the members and within the limits of the same-"
so that the clause will read:
The said supreme court and circuit courts shall recognizc
all laws, rules, and usages of cm-i, of wud Indian tribe?,
as to the members and withta the limit, of t!>.- -aim-, wit I
inconsistent with the Constitution and laws of tiie United '
states and ol the Legislative Council, j
The amendment was agreed to. |
The next amendment was in section seven, line j.
two, after the word "appointed" to insert the
words " by the President, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate;" so that the cjause
will read:
That there shall lie appointed hv tiie i'resident, by and
with the advice and consent 01 tin. Senate, an attorney lOr
said Territory, sviiu shall coritiinii' m office four yearo, See.
The amendment was agreed to.
, The next amendment was in section eight, line
nine, after the word "appointed" to insert " by
and with the advicaatid consent of theSenate;"
so that the clause will read: *
There shall also he n marshal fortheTerritory appointed
by and with the advice nnd consent of the Senate, wtio
shaii hold Iiis office lor four years, Sic.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section nine,line
nineteen,after the word" dollars"to insert "and
the further sum of §500 us superintendent of In-
dian affairs;" so that the clause will read:
The Governor Shall receive no'annua! salary of ,3-3,300
and the further sum of §300 as superintendent of Indian
affairs.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section nine, line
thirty-one,after the word " Legislative" to strike
out the word " Assembly" arid to insert the word
" Council."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The committee propose
that same amendment,striking out " Assembly"
and inserting " Council" in a great many places
in the sfction, an,d I suggest that the queation be
taken on them all together.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) All those amendments throughout
the bill will be considered as agreed to, if there be
no objection.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. After the words "duly
passed" in the seventh line of section ten I move
to insert the words " and approved by the Gov-
ernor;" so that the proviso will read:
Provided, That the seat of government fixed by the Gov-
ernor and Legislative Council shall riot be at any time
changed except by an act of the said Council duiv passed,
and approved by the Governor, and wiiicii shall he ap-
proved, after due notice, by tiie several Indian tribes, or
by a majority of them, in such manner as the (Secretin of
die Interior may prescribe.
The amendment was agreed toT
The next amendment of the committee was in
section twelve, line one, to strike out the word
" when" and to insert " whenever with the cos-
sent of the said Indian tribes;" so that it will
read:
That wheoeverwith th/> eonsentofthe «mid rndiati tribes
the landri in the said Territory shaii be Mirveyed under the
direction of the Government of the United Slate*-. &.c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In section thirteen, line
seven, after the word "Council"! move to insert
"with the approval of the Governor;" so that it
will read:
But the Legislative Council, with the approval of thfe
Governor, their fir>t or anv subsequent may or-
ganize, alter, or modify &Uoh judicial Strict-, -mU assign
the judges, and .liter the times and places of imidlog Ute
courts as to them shall seem proper and convenient.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not want to inter-
pose any objection ..to this measnre if it be the
pleasure of the Senate to adopt it, but it is very
new in its character, and it seems to me the at-
tention of the Senate to stime little extent ought
to be griven to it. This is a proposition coming
from the Committee on Indian Affairs, not having
been considered, I believe, by the Committee on
1 errttories, to organize a new Territory, with alt
the machinery applicable to a territorial govern-
ment, with two peculiarities not found, I believe,
in any other territorial organisation: iirst, that
there shall be a Legislature to be selected from
among the Indians themsehes to legislate upon
ail questions of a domestic character; and in the
second plare, that there shall be a Delegate to
Congress selected by the Indians, i merely de-
sire to <vtj| the attention of the Senate io the bill,
i hazily know whether I am in favor of it or
against it; i am not prepared to vote for it with-
out some consideration. It is a bill that was in-
troduced by the Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Har-
lan,] i observe, three days ago, on the 20ih of
