256
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13.
cers as a punishment. In a mere civil proceed-
ing, the officers of the court frequently take pos-
session of the property which is the object of the
litigation. It may be an inconvenience to the real
owner, but to secure the ends of justice you are
compelled to seize the property and hold it until
the case shall have been tried. In criminal pro-
ceedings or proceedings smacking of fraud, you
are frequently under the necessity of taking pos-
session of the party implicated, the person in-
volved in the controversy. To that extent it may
be an inconvenience; but if the Senator's logic is
correct as applied to this case, it would suspend
all the preliminary proceedings in every criminal
case and many civil cases. If a party is about
to dispose of his property for the purpose of de-
frauding a creditor, you have the right to seize
the property and hold it subject to the final order
of the court after a full hearing. So if an indi-
vidual is alleged to have committed a wrong of a
criminal character, you seize his person and re-
tain him in custody until the case is tried. I have
yet to learn that any lawyer of reputation has
maintained that you have already adjudged the
case when you arrest the individual who is
charged, and retain him in custody for the pur-
poses of a trial. These personal inconveniences
are sometimes 'necessary to secure the ends of
justice.
So it is in the present case. The committee
believe, and I believe, that these parties have vio-
lated the law, have violated their duty, have com-
mitted a flagrant outrage; and this resolution, if
adopted, proposes that the pay to these parties
shall be suspended for a temporary purpose until
the case can be heard, that the plunder which it
is alleged they have secured from these victims
shall be retained in the custody of the officers of
the Government until a final ad judication shall be
had, and then if it shall prove to have been prop-
erly taken from these Indians, it will of course,
revert to the Government, will belong to the Gov-
ernment; if otherwise, it ought to be restored to
the parties from whom it has been plundered.
This is the whole case. If it was really adjudg-
ing the case and proposing the punishment of
these parties in advance of a healing, I would vote
as the Senator from Kentucky suggests, but I
submit it does not partake of that nature. It is
merely a preliminary proceeding necessary in
order to secure the ends of justice in the case at
bar.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have no doubt the Sen-
ator from Ohio is right in that view, that his
answer is a perfect one to what has been said by
the Senator from Kentucky, that this resolution
assumes the guilt of these parties. It does not
make the assumption; but it does assume to say
that such guilt has been charged, and we believe
the question has been raised to such an extent
that there ought to be an inquiry to see whether
guilt exists or not, but that in the mean time
the pay of these hundred days' troops should be
suspended.
There is another reason, which in my judgment
is a very strong one, why this resolution ought to
be adopted. There is a constant tendency on the
part of the men in command of ourmilitary forces
m the neighborhood of Indian tribes, without any
direct order or authority from the Government
here at Washington, to commence a warlike ex-
pedition. Before it was known by thclndian de-
partment that any such policy had been adopted,
the Navajoes, as a nation, consisting of about ten
thousand men, were captured m the mountainsin
New Mexico and brought over and placed upon
the Pecos river.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator permit me
to say a word at this point?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Certainly.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish simply to state at this
point that in my opinion, and I think I am right,
the Navajoes were never captured, but the mil-
itary depaitmentor power there simply entered
into a speculation of feeding the women and chil-
dren while the Navajoes in fact were out fighting
tfs as much as they ever have been since.
' Mr. DOOLIT FLE, I will notgo into the de-
tails and principles of that matter in reply to what
is said by the Senator from California, as it would
lead me from the question now before us; but I
desire to state 
Mr. CONNESS. I beg the Senator's pardon;
I did not desire to lead him from the question.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. What I desire to say is
this, that these military expeditions, which cost
the Government frorti one to two and three and
five million dollars, ate sometimes undertaken
by military commanders who have forces under
their command in the neighborhood of Indian
tribes, and in this way wars are inaugurated
which entail upon us an expenditure of millions
upon millions. I think it is well to adopt a res-
olution having a bearing like the present one,
where we have a case presented like the present,
to suspend the pay of these men until we can as-
certain whether this conduct is really approved
by the War Department or not.
It was said by the honorable Senator from Iowa,
and there are statements coming to us which lead
us to believe that it may be so, that there is anew
expedition now organized against the Camanches,
the most powerful of all the Indian tribes, with
more than three thousand warriors, perhaps the
best horsemen in the world,like the Arabs on the
plains; a war which, if it once be inaugurated and
undertaken and prosecuted, will cost this Govern-
ment perhaps twenty million dollars before it is
ended. It is time that the country should wake
up to these military expeditions inaugurated, in
my judgment, without the direct authority of the
War Department here at Washington, against
these Indian tribes, involving these wars, these
expenses, and all the inhumanity, too, which fol-
lows.
But, Mr. President, I am content, so far as this
resolution is concerned, that it shall be adopted in
its present form,not to chargeguiltupon Colonel
Chivington, but simply to say thatsuch facts have
come to the knowledge of the Senate that it is de-
sirable that further proceedings, at all events, in
the payment of these troops, shall be suspended
until the Secretary of War has an opportunity to
look into the ease, and shall either approve or
disapprove of the conduct of Colonel Chiving-
ton.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The question ison thependingamend-
mcnt. The Senator from Kansas moves to strike
out from the bill a certain clause which has been
read. The Senator from Massachusetts moves
to amend the clause proposed to be stricken out,
by striking out the word " privates" wherever it
occurs, which is first in order, by way of perfect-
ing the words proposed to be stricken out.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 understand that to be ac-
cepted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It cannot be
accepted. The question is on the amendment
moved by the Senator from Massachusetts to
strike out the word " privates" wherever it oc-
curs.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from Kansas.
Mr. POMEROY. I accepted in the amend-
ment which I oflored the modification of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstood that; but it is not competent for a Sena-
tor moving to strike out certain words to accept
a modification of the words pVoposed to be stricken
out.
Mr. POMEROY. I knew it was not compe-
tent except by unanimous consent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
have decided it, and negatived the proposition.
Mr. POMEROY. I said at the time that I
thought it could be done by unanimous consent.
Mr. CONNESS. You could not get that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Kansas to
strike out certain words in the first section, which
will be read.
The Secretary read them, as follows:
Be, and he is hereby, directed to cause the suspension of
all pay and allowances'to each ot' the members of the third
Colorado icgiment, odiceis, privates, and employes, and
ail other* engaged in the leeent attack madu on the Chey-
enne Indians, in their village, near t L\ on, ni the Ter-
ritory of Colorado, under the command ot' Colonel Chiv-
ington, until the conduct of said Colonel Chivington, the
menibeis of said third Colorado regiment, ofiieeis, privates,
and employe.':, and all otheis engaged in said attack, shall
severally receive the appi oval of the said Secietaryot War;
and that the said Scciotiiry.
So that the section will read:
That the Secictaiy of War shall cause all pomes, blank-
ets, money, jewels, turs, and other property, captured from
said Indians in stud expedition, to be seized and held for
the use of the United States, or for restitution to said
Indians should it hereafter appear that said attack was
unjustifiable.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is for the Sen-
ate to decide as to the consistency of the words
remaining if the proposition to strike out shall be _
carried.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 should like to be informed
whether or not—I have heard statements made
either way and both ways here—these soldiers
were three months' men, ninety days' men, hun-
dred days' men, or whether they are soldiers reg-
ularljfenlisted for a period of three years. Does
any one know ?
Mr. HARLAN. The information which the
committee have received lead them to believe that
the most of the men, perhaps nearly all, were
hundred days'men, and probably will be mus-
tered out of service in a few days.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to strike out the words which
have been read.
The motion was not agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to move to take upa,
bill in order to make it the special order for Tues-
day or Wednesday next: I will say Wednesday
next. It i^ Senate bill No. 213, reported from
the Committee on Foreign Relations, to provide
for the adjustment and satisfaction of claims of
American citizens for spoliations committed by
the French prior to the 31st of July, 1801.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Massachusetts moves to proceed to the con-
sideration of the French spoliation bill with a
view of making it a special order.
The motion was not agreed to.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. MORGAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sentobtained,leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 94) authorizing the Secretary of the
Navy to advance to Paul S. Forbes $250,000 ad-
ditional out of the sum to be paid him under his
contract for building a steam screw sloop-of-war;
which was read twice by its title,and referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
AFFAIRS IN MEXICO.
Mr. WADE submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolccd, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to the Senate, if not incompatible with the public
setvicc, any correspondence or other information m posses-
sion of the Government, in legard to the piesent condition
of affairs in Mexico, and especially the papers m relation
to the case of the French war tumsport Reamer Rhine,
which it is alleged look articles contraband ot war from
San Franeifcco to the Fiench forces at Acapuleo, in the
Mexican republic.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. HENDRICKS, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourn to-day it be to
meet on Monday next.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 13, 18C5.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Mr. Tomlinson, of Warsaw, New York.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
THEORY OF FINANCIERING.
Mr. MOORHEAD, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a communication fiom John Koppitz, of
Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, entitled " Financiering;
or, a Guide to Happiness, by removing Poverty
and the fear of it;" which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
MESSAGE FROM THE PFvESIDENT,
A message from the President, by Mr. Nicolay,
his Private Secretary, informed the House that he
had approved and signed bill of the House No.
