1024
TOE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
haps as .far north as Michigan, Wisconsin, and
Minnesota; but the latter may never think of
going there, it is true. The climate is very dif-
ferent, and the habits of the Minnesota Indians
are different; they live on the rice lakes, and on
the game which abounds in those rice lakes, and
the fish of those lakes; their habits are very
different from the habits of the Indians further
south, and they may never desire to go there.
I do not understand that there is to be any
attempt to force these Indians to go there, nor
does this bill of itself or anything contained in it
of necessity contemplate the removal of any other
, Indian tribes to the Territory. But it is a very
fine "ferritory; it is as fine a section of country
as there is in the United States, and perliaps as
. fine as the sun ever shone upon, and before this
war broke out the. Indian tribes there were in-
creasing in population, they were increasing in
wealth, they were increasing in flocks of cattle
and horses, I believe beyond any equal number
of persons in the whole United States. It is a
country where flocks and herds grow, as it were,
almost spontaneously; they require no labor to
winter them; and it is a truth that-the armies of
the rebels, the armies of the United States, and
the conflicting and lighting Indians have lived
upon the cattle that were found and are still to
be found in that Indian Territory. By hundreds
and by thousands they are still there. It is a
Very productive Territory. It is the country that
the Government long, long ago, under the policy
of General Jackson, solemnly set apart for the
Indians, and it belongs to them. The only thing
involved m the bill is this: we could by strict
right forfeit the title of those Indians who have
rebelled against the United States if we chose to do
so; but when the war is over the Indians will still
be upon our hands, as they must be provided for
somehow, and perhaps it is better that we should
begin an organization over this Territory,get the
consent of the Indians to it, and perhaps this may
be used as one of the instrumentalities to induce
the Choctaws and Chickasaws who have been in
rebellion against us to come into this arrange-
ment when they find that they can take part in
the legislation of this very Territory if they lay
down their arms against the Government. But
these are rather speculations than otherwise.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will ask the Senator
if he does not in this provide that before they
can do that they have got to swear that they will
have nothing; to do with the rebellion.
Mr. HARLAN. No; that provision is in re-
lation to office holders in the Territory only.
Mr. POMEROY. I would not like to put any
obstacle in the way of the passage of this bill.
Still, it is a new measure, and there are some
features of it that do not seem to me altogether
proper. I sympathize somewhat with the Sena-
tor from Indiana; and I should like a little more
time to consider it. There are three things that I
think somewhat essential which are not provided
for. In the first place, this sets out to be a tem-
porary government; yetitis provided that it shall
be permanent for all time to come. Secondly, it
sets out to be an Indian Territory, and yet no
provision is made agamst white people going in
and actually being adopted as members of the
tribes and absorbing the Government of the coun-
try; and as if to offeran inducement for that, there
is a direct provision made that there shall be no
forcible legal collection of debts inside this Terri-
tory. That is a new feature.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The honorable Senator
will allow me to interrupt him. Thatisone of the
distinguishing features of the laws of these In-
dian tribes, the Cherokees, Choctaws, Chicka-
saws, Creeks, and Semmoles; all of them by their
laws provided that there should be no compulsory
collection of debts, because in a state of society
not fully civilized it would be a dangerous power
to b<5 exercised if Indians could be permitted to
contract debts and have those debts enforced
against them; and we provide that there shall be
no sale of lands.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not object to a law that
would prevent the enforcement of the collection of
debts as against Indians; but this bill is so drawn
and the existing usage is such that the Indians aie I
to be absorbed. My colleague very well says I
they are bleaching out now; they are becoming !
white men. j
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. On a point suggested j
by my colleague I should like to ask him a ques-
tion. Does he not know that a large number of
black persons have intermarried with Indians ot
these tribes and become members of the tribes;
Does he object to the provision of the bill which
permits black people to continue to go in and be-
come members of the tribes?
Mr. POMEROY. I understand that negroes
and Indians have intermarried. 1 do not object
to it. That is not the point. My colleague
stated what I think is true, that these tribes are
becoming white persons to a great extent, and
•there is no provision inthe bill against white peo-
ple taking possession of this country and this
Government. That is wha^ I am talking about.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. It is suggested to me
that my last remark may lead to a misapprehen-
sion. These tribes are composed of an amalga-
mation of the whites on the one hand, under the
chivalry, while they were in the South, and the
blacks on the other hand. The finest specimens
of manhood I have ever gazed upon in my life
are half-breed Indians crossed with negroes. It
is a fact which I state here that while amalgama-
tion with the white man deteriorates both races,
the amalgamation of the Indian and the black
man advances both races; and so far as I am con-
cerned I should like to see these eighty thousand
square miles, almost in the geographical center of
the United States, opened up to the Indian and
to the black man, and let them amalgamate and
build up a race that will be an improvement upon
both. I say to anti-slavery men here, if you de-
sire to furnish a home for the black man, pass this
territorial bill and let him go there. The climate
is genial. He understands how to cultivate the
products. They are those of the South, cotton
and tobacco. In my opinion nothing can be bet-
ter calculated to clear the political arena of the
question of what shall be done with the black
man than to pass this territorial bill, open up this
country for him, and he will flock in there and
become a useful member of society.
Mr. POMEROY. I will not prolong this dis-
cussion, because I have not prepared the amend-
ments which I desire to offer to the bill. I do
not wish to make any opposition to the measure,
but only to perfect it. I move to post-pone its
further consideration until to-morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit a motion that the
further consideration of the bill be postponed with
a view to take up the fortification bill. I do not
want to act upon it to-i)ight, but I desire to have
it left as the unfinished business for to-morrow.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Let this bill be post-
poned until to-morrow, and made the special order
for one o'clock.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to that; I desire to
have the fortification bill passed to-morrow.
Mr. CONNES8. There is a special order for
one o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. FOSTER. I will ask the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio to withhold his motion to call up
the fortification bill for a few minutes, that I may
move to take up two or three little bills which
have been reported from the Committee on Pen-
sions that 1 think we have time to pass to-night.
Mr. SUMNER. I inquire of the Senator from
Ohio if the fortification bill will take much time?
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope not.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The bill now before
the Senate is of more importance-to my constit-
uents than any bill which will come before this
body. We have now no protection from the
South; this disorganized Territory of eighty-four
thousand square miles lies on our border, subject-
ing us to raids; and I move that this bill be post-
poned until to-morrow evening at seven o'clock,
and made the special order for that hour.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The question is on the motion of the Senator from
Kansas to postpone the further consideration of
this bill until to-morrow evening at seven o'clock,
and make it the special order for that hour.
The motion was agreed to.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now mov£ t$,}#ke up the'
fortification bill, so that it may L-e itti.as the un-
finished business.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (II. R.
No. 688) makingappropriations for the construc-
tion, preservation, and repairs of fortifications arid
other works of defense for the year ending June U
30, 1866, was taken up for consideration by the
Senate as in Committee of tha Whole.
Mr. FOSTER. I ask that that bill be .laid
aside informally for ten minutes—I will not ask
for more than ten minutes—to allow a few pen-
sion bills to be considered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It may be
done by unanimous consent. The Chair hears no
objection.
THOMAS BOOTLK.
On motion of Mr. FCiSTER, the bill (H, R.
No. 454) granting a pension to Thomas Booth
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of Thomas' Booth on the in valid
pension roll of the United States, at the rate of
four dollars per month, from the 2d of Septem-
ber, 1858, to continue during his natural life.
The bill was reported from the Committee on
Pensions withamendments,thefirstof which was
to strike out " Booth" and insert " Bootle."
Mr. FOSTER. That was a verbal error in the
engrossment of the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out " the
2d day of September, 1858," and insert " the 1st
day of May, 1860."
Fhe amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read the third time. The bill,
was read the third time,and passed. Its title was
amended by substituting " Bootle" for "Booth."
MARY SHIRCLIFF.
On motion of Mr. FOSTER, the bill (H. R.
No. 389) for the relief of Mary Shireiiff, was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to place the name of Mary, widow of John
ShirclifT, on the pension roll, and pay her a pen-
sion at the rate of eight dollars a month during
her widowhood.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
SISTERS OP COMMODORE MORRIS.
Mr. FOSTER. I now move to take up the
bill (H. R. No. 314) for the relief of Harriet and
Emily W. Morris, unmarried sisters of the late
Commodore Henfy W. Morris, and it is the last
bill I shall move to take up.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
provides that Harriet and Emily W. Morris, the
unmarried sisters of the late Commodore Henry
W. Morris, shall be entitled to and receive the
same pension as their brother would have been
entitled to if he had been totally disabled, to com-
mence from his death; but in case of the death or
marriage of either of the sisters, her pension shall
cea e.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a Jhird reading, read the third time, and passed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The fortifica-
tion bill is now before the Senate as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to;and after some time
spent in executive session the doors were re-
opened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 23,1865.
The House mftat eleven o'clock,a. m. Prayer
by Rev.Thomas Bowman, Chaplain to the Senate.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
JOHN HASTINGS.
Mr. HALE. I ask unanimous consent to take
from the Speaker's table a bill (S. No. 276) for
the relief of John Hastings, collector of the port
of Pittsburgh.
Mr. IIOLMAN. Let it be read for informa-
tion.
The hill, which was rend, directs the Secretary
of the Ti'i usury, in adjusting the accounts of John
Hastnurs, collector of the port of Pittsburgh, to
give him credit for $9,956 C2, the amount of pub-
lic moneys of which he was robbed on the 10th
