THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY F. & J. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1865.
New Series.....No. 65.
of March, 1854, while acting in the aforesaid
capacity.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the object be to refer the
bill to the Committeeon Claims I shall not object.
Mr. HALE. The bill has been before that
committee, and they unanimously report in favor
of its passage. They reported in favor of it at the
last session of Congress. The bill has passed the
Senate at three different times,and always failed
in the House for want of time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman will
allow this bill to pass over for the present. I will
not object to the bill coming up to-morrow morn-
ing.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
the regular order of business. I have no objec-
tion, however, to the bill being referred "to the
Committee on Claims.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
bill will be postponed until to-morrow morning,
after the readme; of the Journal.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
Let it go to the Committee on Claims.
No objection being made, the bill wus referred
accordingly.
ARMY APPROPRIATION KILL.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask unanimous consent
that the Army appropriation bill, with Senate
amendments, be taken from the Speaker's table,
and referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
No objection being made, it was so ordered.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that for to-day the
House take a recess at half past four o'clock till
seven o'clock this evening, for the purpose of con-
sidering appropriation bills only.
Mr. SCHENCK. Before any change is made
in our sessions, I desire to inquire what the regu-
lar order of business is. I desire to know partic-
ularly with a view of ascertaining whether there
is any prospect of carrying out the order ofFebru-
ary 2 making the enrollment bill the special order.
Th«i SPEAKER. The first business before
the House this morning is the consideration of
the bill which was pending when the House ad-
journed last evening, and which comesup as un-
finished business. After that, the morning hour
is devoted to the consideration of reports from the
Committee on the District of Columbia, after that
the remainder of the day, by the assignment @f
the House, is devoted to reports from the Com-'
mittee on Commerce, after that the enrollment
bill will be next in order.
Mr. STEVENS. The loan bill was postponed
till to-day.
The SPEAKER. It was, and so was the en-
rollment bill. Both are special orders, the en-
rollment biil having precedence in order of time.
Mr. STEVENS. Such being the condition of
things, I move to postpone the loan bill until
Monday next, after the morning hour.
There being no objection, the bill was post-
poned accordingly.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now object to making
special assignments of anything until we get at
this enrollment bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state that
the loan biil is not made a special assignment.
It is the postponement of a special order.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 remember very well that
when we had the enrollment bill as a special order
before, the business of the Judiciary Committee,
by previous unanimous consent, came before the
House and crowded it out; and now, when we
should reach it to-day, the Committee on Com-
merce comes in and shoves it off again. And so
it may be next Monday, or any other day.
The SPEAKER. No special assignmentafter
to-day has been made by the House,
EVENING SESSION.
Mr. MORRILL. I now renew my motion in
reference to an evening session. I will state for
the information of the House that but one single
general appropriation bill has yet passed both
65
Houses. If we can have an evening session, we
should probably dispatch a large amount of busi-
ness. Upon consultation with several members
on both sides of the House,! learn that my prop-
osition will be satisfactory.
Mr. KALBFLEiSCH. Does this arrange-
ment extend beyond to-day ?
The SPEAKER. For to-day only. The
change can be made for this day only by a ma-
jority of the House.
The motion was agreed to. -
\jT
CONFISCATION BILL.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. I demand the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
579) providing for the forfeiture of the fee of
rebel landholders, reported last evening from the
Committee on the Judiciary,upon which the gen-
tleman from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] demanded the
previous question.
Mr. HOLMAN. Has the bill been read?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. HOLMAN. Has the previous question
been sustained ?
The SPEAKER. It is now pending.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to lay the bill on
the table.
The SPEAKER. The Journal cleric informs
the Chair that the motion to lay on the table was
made last evening, and is still pending.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 call the yeas and nays on
that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I raise the pointof order
that this House at this session has already passed
a bill repealing the section ©f the law referred to
in this bill, and therefoie it is not in order to con-
sider it again now.
Mr. ASHLEY. The proposition that passed
this House was defeated in the Senate.
The SPEAKER. This point of order has been
already raised and overruled. The gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Noble] raised the same pointof
order on yesterday, and in vindication of it stated
that a section of the Freedman's Bureau bill was
the same in effect as this bill. The Chair overruled
the pointof order, upon the ground that the prop-
osition referred to by the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Noble] was but a single section of a bill,
while this js an enjtire and independent bill, and
therefore does not come within the rule.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 52, nays 61, not voting
69; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James* C. Allen, Ancona, Rally, Augus-
tus 0. Baldwin, Blair, Bli^s, Chanler, Clay, Dawson, Deni-
soji, Eden, Edgerton, English, Fmck, Ganson, Hale, Hall,
Benjamin G. Hums, Hohnan, Plnlip Johnson, Kulbfln^cli,
Kernan, King, Law, Le Bloiul, Long, Malloty, McAllister,
William H. Miller, James R. Moriis, Moriison, Ne^on,
Odell, John O'Neill, Pendleton, Perry, Pruyn, Samuel J.
Randall, James S. Rollins, Ros<?, John B. Steele, Strouse,
Townsend, Tracy, Voorhees, Wadsworth, Whaley, Whee-
ler, Joseph W. White, Winfield, Fernando Wood, arid Yea-
man—52.
NAYri—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Ashley, John D. Bald-
win, Beaman, Blaine, Boutwell, Bojd, Biandegee, Broom-
nil, Ambrose W. Clark, Cobb, Cole, Thomas T. Davis,
Dawes, Dixon, Dumortt, Eckley, Eliot, Frank, Gooch,
Grinnell, Highy, Hooper, A&ahel W. Hubbard, John 1J.
Hubbard, Inger&oll, Orlando Kellogg, Knox, Littlejohn,
Longyenr, Marvin, MeBnde, McCluig, Samuel F. Miller,
Moorhead, Morrill, Daniel Morris, Leonard Myers, Noiton,
Patterson, Pcrham, Pike, Pomeioy, Puce, Alexander II.
Rice, John H. Rice, Edward II. Rollins, Schenck, Shan-
non, Sloan, Smithers, Starr, Steven4!, Thayer, Upson, Van
Valkenburgh, Elihu B. Washburne, William B. Washburn,
Wilder, Wilson, and Worihinjjton—61.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. William J. Allen, Alley, An-
derson, Arnold, Baxter, Blow, Biooks, James S. Brown,
William G. Bunvn, Freeman Clarke, Coffroth, Cox, Cra-
vens, Creswell, Henry Winter Davis, Doming, Donnelly,
Drigcs, Eldridge, F.irnsworth, Garfield, Grider, Griswold,
Harding, Harrington, Chailes M. Harris, Herrick, Hotch-
kis<5, Ilulbuid, Hutchms, Jenckes, William Johnson, Ju-
lian, Iv.isson, Kelley, Fiancis W.Kellogg, Knapp, Lazear,
Loan, Mniey, McDowell, Mclndoe, McKinney, Middle-
ton, Amos M\er-, Noble, Charles O'Neill, Orth, ltadl'ord,
William II. Randall, Itohmson, Rogers, Scofield. Scott,
Smith, Spalding, WilhauiG, Steele, Stiles, Stuart, Sweat,
Thomas, Ward, Webster, Chilton A. White, Williams,
Windom, Benjamin Wood, and Woodbridge—69,
So the motion to lay the bill on the table was
not. agreed to.
The question recurred upon seconding the call
for the previous question upon ordering the bill
to be engrossed and read a third time.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered.
Mr. MALLORY. I move acall of the House.
The SPEAKER. The previous question hav-
ing been seconded, a call of the House is not in
order unless upon an actual count it is fou/id that
there is not a quorum present. The House has
just voted by yeas and nays, and there is a quo-
rum present.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I call for the yeas and
nays upon ordering the bill to be engrossed and
read a third time.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 67, nays 54, not
voting 61; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allium, Ames, Ashley, John D. Bald-
win, Beaman,Blaine, Boutwcll, Boyd. Brandegee, Broom-
all, Ambrose VV. Clark, Freeman "Clarke, Cobb, C'de,
Thomas T. Davis, Dawes, Doming, Dixon, Dripgs, Du-
mont, Eckley, Eliot, Gooeh, Grinnell, H «by, lloopor, Asa*
hel W. Hubbard, John II. Hubbard, Hiilhuid, Ingersoll,
Kas^on, Orlando Kclioug, Knox, Littlejohn, Lougyoar,
Marvin, MeBnde, McCluig, Samuel F. Milter, Moothead,
Morrill, Daniel Morris, Leonard Myers, Notion, Orth, Pat-
terson. Pcrham, Pike, Pomeroy, Puce, Alexander 11. Uice,
John H. Rice, Edwaid II llol!in«, Selienck, Shannon,
Sloan. Smithers, Starr, Stevens, Thayer, IJp-on, Van Vril-
kenburgh, Elihu B. Wa^hburne, William B. Washburn,
Wilder, Wilson,and Wortlungton—67.
NAYS—Messrs. Jarm;-. C. Allen, Aneona, Bally, Angus-
tin C. Baldwin, Blair, IMss, Clianler, Coffroth. Cox, Daw-
son, Deni-on, Eden, Edgerton, lSUlrnlge, Engh.-b, Finvk,
Ganson, Hull, Benjamin G. Uarri-, iloiman, Philip John-
son, Kalbfleisch, keinan, King, Law, Le Blond, Long,
Malloiy, William H. Miller, James II. Morn**, Morrison,
Nelson, Noble, John O'Ne.il. Pendleton, Peny, Pruyu,
Radfotd, Samuel J. Randall, William II. Itandad, James
S. Rollins, lto-sv, Strouse,Smart, Townsend.Tiaey. V« or-
hees. Wadsworih, Whaley, Wheeler, Jo>eph W. White,
Winfield, Ferimndo Wood, and Yeaman— 54.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. William J. Allen, Alley, An-
derson, Arnold, Baxter, Blow, Brooks, Jame* S. Brown,
William G. Brown, Clay, Cravens, CresweJI, Il'-tny Win-
ter Davis, Donnelly, Farn^worth, Frank, GattiHd, Gilder,
Griswold, Hale, Harding, Harrington, Charles M. Harris,
Hernek, Hotchkws, nutehin.s, Jem-Ices, William Johnson,
Julian, ICelley, Francis VV. Kelloetr. Knapp. Lazear, Loan,
Marcy, McAllister, McDowell, Melndoe, MeKinney, Mid-
dleton, Amos Myers, Odell, Charles O'Nftll, Robm-on,
Rogers, Scolield, Scott, Smith, Spalding, John 0. SteHe,
WilliamG. Steele,Stiles,Sweat,Thomas,Ward. WetMer,
Chilton A. White, Williams, Windom, Benjamin Wood,
and Woodbridge—61.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third tune.
The question being on thefinal passage of the
bill,
Mr. WILSON demanded the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. COX. I move that the bill be laid on the
table.
Mr. CHANLER. On that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question being taken, there were—yeas 68,
nays 68, not voting 46; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Ancona, Baily Augus-
tus C. Baldwin, Blaii, Bh-"-, Brooks, Jaum'* S. Brown,
Chanler, Clnv, Coffioih. Cox, Dawson, Denison. Eden,
Edgerton, Eidrulge, Engh-li, Fmck, Gannon, Griswold,
Hale, Hall. Beniaimn G. Harris, Iloiman, llut<*luns, Philip
Johnson, Kalbti'-isehj Kernan, King. J/ w, T.a/.'-sH, Le
Blond,Lonsr, Malloiy,'Marcy,MeAlli&tei. William II. Mil-
ler. James K. Morris, Mormon, ]Vel>on, Noble, Odell, John
O'Neill. Pendleton. IVny, Pruj n,K;td!ord, riamuel J. Ran-
dall, William H. Randall, James S. Rollins, Ros.-:, John B.
Steele. William G. Steele, Stiles, Strouse. Stuart, Town-
send, Tracy, Voorhees, Waihworth, Wehster, Whaley,
Wheeler, Joseph W. White, Winfield, Fernando Wood,
and Yeaman—68.
NAYS—Messrs. Alli«on, Ames, Ashley, John D. Bald-
win, Beaman, Blow, Bouiwell, Boyd, Br.uidegee, Broom-
all, Ambrose W. Claik, Cobb, Cole, Thomas T. Davis,
Dawes, Doming, Dixon, Dneg*, Dumont, Eekley, Elint,
Garfield, Gooch. Grinnell, llijjliy, Hooper, AsahH W. Hub-
bard, John 11. Ilubhaid, llulhiirii, Itigersoll, Orlando K'd-
loag, Knox, Littlejohn. Lontryear, Marvin, MeBride, ,Mc-
Clurg, Samuel F. Miller, Moorhead, Morrill. Daniel Mor-
ris, Leonard Myer«>, Norton, Orth, Patterson, Perham. Pike,
Pomeroy, Price, Alexander H Uice, John II. Rice, Edward
H. Rollins, Schenok, Scofield, Shannon, Sloan, Smithcrs,
Starr, Ste.vens, Thayer, Upson, Van Valkenburgh, Elihu
