1026
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
B. Washburne, William B. Washburn, Wilder, Wilson,
Woodtmdge, and Wortftmgton—68.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. William J. Allen, Alley, Ander-
son, Arnold, Baxter, Blaine, William G. Brown, Freeman
Clarke, Cravens, Creswell, Henry Winter Davi«. Donnelly,
Farn&worth, Frank, Grider, Harding, Harrington, Charles
M. Harris. Iferrick,Hotchkiss, Jenckes, William Johnson,
Julian, Kasson, ICelley, Francis W. Kellogg, Kua^p, Loan,
McDowell, Mefndoe,MeKinney, Middleton, Amo^ Myers,
Charles O'Neill, Robinson, Rogers, Seou, Smith, Spalding,
Sweat, Thomas, Ward, Chilton A. White, Williams, Win-
dom. and Benjamin Wood—46.
The SPEAKER. The Chair votes in the neg-
ative, and the bill is not laid on the table. 9
Daring the roU-caU,
Mr. A. W. CLARK stated that Mr. Spalding
was detained at his room by illness.
The result was announced as above stated.
The question then recurred on seconding the
call for the previous question.
On the question there were, on a division—ayes
63, noes 62.
Mr. ANCONA called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 69, noes 67.
So the call for the previous question was sec-
onded.
The main question was ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the bill be laid
on the table.
The SPEAKER. That motion has already
been made and voted down.
Mr. HOLMAN. There have been intervening
questions.
The SPEAKER. There is no change in the
status of the bill.
The question being on the final passage of the
bill,
Mr. COX demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 72, nays 71, not voting 39;
as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Allison, Ames, Ashley, John D. Bald-
win, Baxter, Beaman, Blame, Boufwell, Boyd.Brandegee,
Broomail, Ambrose W. Clark, Freeman Clarke, Cobb, Cole,
Thomas T. Davi«, Dawes, Deming, Dixon, Donnelly,
Driggs, Dumont, Eekley, Eliot, Frank, Garfield. Gooch,
Grinnell, Higbv, Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, John H.
Hubbard, Hulburd, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Keiley, Orlindo
Kellogg, Knox, Littlejohn, Longyear, Marvin, McBride,
McClurg, Samuel F. Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Daniel
Morris, Leonard Myers, Norton, Orth, Patterson, Pike,
Pumeroy, Price, Alexander H. Rice, John H. Kice,Edward
H. Rollins, Schenek, Shannon, Sloan, Smither.-, Starr,
Stevens, Thayer, Upson, Van Vaikenbursh, Ehhu B.
Washburne, William B. Washburn, Wilder, Wilson,
Woodbridge, and Wortiiirigton—72.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Ancona, Baily, Augus-
tus C. Baldwin, Blair, Bliss, Brooks, James S. Brown,
Chanler.Clay, Coftroth, Cox, Cravens, Dawson, Denison,
Eden, Edgerton, Eldridge, English, Finck, G.mson, Gris-
wold,Hale, Flail, Benjamin G. Harris, Holman,Hutchins,
Philip Johnson, Kalbfleisch,Kemati, King, Law, Lazear,
LeBlond, Long, Mai lory, Marcy, McAllister, William H.
Miller, James R. Morris, Moirison, Nelson, Noble, OdeJI,
John O'Neill. Pendleton, Perry, Pruyn, Radford, Samuel J.
Randall, William H. Randall, Rogers, James S. Rollins,
Ross, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Sttie*, Strouse,
Sluait, Sweat, Tovvnaend, Tracy, Voorhees Wadaworth,
Webster, Whaley, Wheeler, Joseph W. Wuite. Wmfield,
Fernando Wood, and Yeaman—71.
NOT VOTING—Me^rs. William J. Allen, Alley, An-
derson, Arnold, Blow, William G. Brown. Creswell, Henry
Winter Davjj., Farnsworth, Grider, Hardin*:. Harrington,
Charles M. Harii<, Herrick. Hotchki&s, William Johnson,
Julian, Kasson. Francis W. Kellogg, Knapp, Loan, Mc-
Dowell, Mclndoe, McKinriey, Middleton, Amos Alvers,
Charles O'Neill, Perliam, Robinson, Scofield. Scott,Smith,
Spalding, Thomas, Ward. Chilton A. White, Williams,
Windom, and Benjamin Wood—39.
So the bill was passed.
During the roll-call,
Mr. NOBLE said: My colleague, Mr. Jobn-
is detained from the House by sickness, if
he were here he would vote against the passage
,of this bill.
The result was announced as above stated.
Mr. O'NEILL, of Pennsylvania. I desire to
state that if I had been present when my name
was called I would have voted in the affirmative
on the passage of this bill.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
Xhe motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the title of
the bill so that it will read as follows: An act to
repeal a portion of a joint resolution explanatory
of an act to suppress insurrection, punish treason
and rebellion, to seize and confiscate the property
of rebels, and for other purposes, approved July
17,1862; and on that I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. COX. I ask the gentleman from Iowa to
permit me to make a suggestion in reference to
the title.
Mr. WILSON. I cannot yield for that pur-
pose. I have taken the title of the law to which
this is amendatory.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 72,
noes 64.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
Mr. KERNAN. What was the old title of
the bill?
The Clerk read, as follows:
" An act to provide for the forfeiture of the fee
of rebel landholders."
Mr. WADSWORTH. What is the matter
with that title?
Mr. MALLORY. It is pertinent, and exactly
indicates the object sought to be accomplished.
I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 76, nays 69, not voting 37;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnold, Ash-
ley, John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Blame, Boutweil,
equal to about ont: font umi three qunrtrrs in
cash. Sir, there is not a roiicJ in the country that
can carry passengers at tlmt rate, arid the testi-
mony ia that they are losing upon this rood
§18,000 a quarter. The roads elsewhere charge
above five cents, in Brooklyn they charge eight
cents; in Philadelphia, 1 am told, they charge
eight cents; and 1 learn that there isa proposition
before the Legislature of New Yoik to allow ail
the roads in that State to charge eight cents a
ticket. 1 believe they are charging eight cenlsa
ticket on the roads in and about Boston. I have
been so informed.
It would therefore seem but just that the price
of tickets should be raised on the Washington
and Georgetown railroad. Why, sir, I am told
j this mornimr, on good authority, that the stock
! of the Washington and Georgetown road hasbeen
offered in the market at the original cost to the
present stockholders, but found no purchasers at
that price.
But the objection is made that this company
does not allow colored people to ride in their
cars, and that they have been ejected from them.
It may be true that this has been done in some
instances, but to my personal knowledge con-
ductors so ejecting colored people have been dis-
charged when the facts were brought to the notice
Boyd, Brandegee, Broomall, Ambrose VV. Clark, Freeman | Gf t)le president of the road.
Clarke, Cobb, Cole, Tliomas T. Davis, pa\ws,Demm?, |, j, js aljeged that the committee propose, by an
Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs, Dumont, Eckley, Ehot, tiank, j <=■ , e, . 1 ' - J ,
Garfield,ttooch, Grinnell, Hlghy, Hooper, a-sahel \V. Huh- jj amendment to the benate bill, to continue this
bard, John H. Hubbard, Hulbiird, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Kel-|i evil. Now, sir, I submit that the amendment
ley, Orlando Kellogg, Knox, Littlejohn, Longyear, Marvin, ij unl)er discussion ougllt not to suffer from views
i which ^ntlemen may entertain in respect toother
Orth, Patterson, Perham, Pike, Pomeroy, Price, Alexander
H. Rice,John H. Rice, Edward 11. Rollins, Schenck, Shan-
non, Sloan, Smithers, Starr, Stevcus, Thuyer, Up^on,V'an
Valkenburgh,EUhuB.Washburne,Williams, Wilder, Wil-
son, Woodhridge, and Worthmgton—76.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Ancona, Baily, Augus-
tus C. Baldwin, Blair, Bliss, Brooks, James S. Brown,
Ohanler, Clay, Coffroth, Cox, Cravens, Dawson, Denison,
Eden, Edgerton, Eldridge, English, Finck, Ganson, Hale,
Hail, Holman, Hutching Philip Johnson, Kalbrieiseh, Ker-
nan, King, Law,Lazear, Le Blond, Long,Maliory, Marcy,
McAllister, William H. Miller, James R. Morris, Morrison,
Nelson, Noble, Odeil, John O'Neill, Pendleton, Perry,
Pruyn, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, William H. Randall,
Rogers, James S. Rollms, Ross, John B. Steele, William G.
Steele, Stiles, Strouse, Stuart, Sweat, Town&end, Tracy,
Yoorhees, Wadsworth, Webster,Whaley, Wheeler, Joseph
W. White, Winfield, Fernando Wood, and Yeaman—69.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. William J. Alien, Alley,Blow,
William G. Brown, Cresweli, Henry Winter Davis, Farns-
worth, Grider, Griswold, Harding, Harrington, Benjamin
G. Harris. Charles M. Harris, Heriick, Hotchki??,William
Johnson, Julian, Kasson, Francis W. Kellogg. Knapp. Loan,
McDowell, Mcfndoe, McKinney, Middleton. Amoa Mvcrs,
Robinson, Seofield, Scott, Smitti. Spalding,Thomas. Ward,
William B. Washburn, Chilton A. White, Wn.dom, and
Benjamm Wood—37.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote by
which the title was amended; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to. /
METROPOLITAN RAILROAD COMPANY.
The SPEAKER stated the next business in
order'to be the consideration of Senate bill No.
411, to amend an act entitled "An act to incorpo-
rate the Metropolitan Railroad Company m the
District of Columbia," on which the gentleman
from New Hampshire [Mr. Patterson] was en-
titled to the floor.
Mr. PATTERSON. Mr. Speaker, it is very
difficult to reply to the objections which were
yesterday brought against the proposed amend-
ment to this bill. They came in such a question-
able shape that I find only the ghost of an argu-
ment to speak to. It is difficult to answer any
other than solid objections. We have had only
the opinions, prejudices, and vague ideas of men
who know nothing definitely on the subject. 1
presented to the House yesterday a statement
of the president of the road, which was a trans-
cript of the books of the company, and that state*
ment was remdorsed by Mr. Darling, a director
and a member-elect of this House, as correct,
showing that the road does not pay any profits at
the present rate of fare. Yet gentlemen told us
that that company was amassing wealth ata rapid
rate. It is represented to me as a fact that one
fourth of the individuals who travel upon the
Washington and Georgetown road travel free of
charge, on account of the transfer system. The
average price of rickets is only three and a half
cents each; and at the present value of our cur-
rency—that is, its value in gold*—-that would be
parts of the report. I agree with my friend from
Illinois [Mr. Washburne] upon the propriety of
allowing black people to ride in the same cars and
on equal terms with white people.
I may vote with him when we reach the reso-
lution proposed by the committee on that point,
but let us not bring that question in here to pre-
judice this part of the bill. 1 may be permitted
to say, however, that I do not,as a general rule,
believe in special legislation for black or for white
men. Make them equal before the law, and leave
the black men to the blessing of God and their
own abilities to take their position in the social
world. If the black man is not able to rise to an
equality with the white man socially, it will not
then be our fault, but his own want of native
ability and enterprise which will keep him down.
So, as a general rule, I do not believe in special
legislation for races or classes. Make them free
and give them equal rights under the law, and
then leave them to workouttheirsocialstatusand
civil history among men. The struggle to rise
will develop power, and give position and char-
acter. No amount of legislation can everdo this.
iy Mr. STEVENS. 1 would inquire of the gen-
tleman if he means to exclude them from the
cars? lie does so by not legislating for them.
Mr. PATTERSON. 1 will say that the law
j does not exclude them, and if they are excluded
i it is the result of the exercise of a petty, arbitrary
' authority by some mean conductor; but that au-
thority is not given them by the law. The pres-
ident of this road, as I am informed, in every
such instance that has come to his knowledge,
hasdischarged those conductors who haveejected
from the cars black men on account of their color.
The blacks have now, before the law, all the
rights that the whites have, if they are ejected,
let them resort to the law.
Mr. DAWES. I would inquire of the gentle-
man what is the meaning of those hoards which
are put up over the cars, which say " colored
persons admitted in this car."
Mr. PATTERSON. If the gentleman will
wait, he will learn my views.
Mr. DAWES. I do not want to, know what
the gentleman's views are, for I know they are
all correct; but I want to know what is llie mean-
ing of that inscription put up over the cars.
Mr, PATTERSON. I will say that what is
written on those boards is generally written in
good English, and I do not know any gentleman
m this House who can better understand and in-
terpret good English than the gentleman from
Massachusetts.
S)r, you cannot mala* one hair white or black
by legislation, or make a black man a white man.
You may pass a joint resolution that the leopard s
spots and the Ethiopian's skin shall be changed.,
but you will not remove a spot or lighten the
