1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
261
southern people is anti-slavery. And I assort a
proposition which may startle some gentlemen,
but which I believe m my heart to be true, that
to-day the State of South Carolina is anu-sla-
very. I take South Carolina as an example, be-
cause she is the most " wayward" of all the " sis-
ters," because she has been hitherto always wrong
and never right, and especially on this question.
1 take her because there this institution has left
its deepest and keenest impress. 1 believe in re-
gard to the people of that State, that if this ques-
tion of slavery, in all its bearings, and in all its
phases, could be thoroughly dUcussed and pre-
sented m an intelligent and patriotic way; send*
ingmy honorable friend from Maryland [Mr. tt.
W. Davis] with his giftofargumentand eloquence
to combat the proudest intellects of that State—I
believe, as God is my judge, that after twelve
months', or even six months'dhcussion, the ma-
jority of the people of South Carolina would vote
to rid themselves of this institution of slavery.
And as in South Carolina so would it be m other
States.
And how do I arrive at this conclusion? 1
look at the histoiy of events in my own State of
Missouri. Four years ago, a man who now lias
gone to
uThe undiscovered cotinlty, fiom whose bourne
No traveler letuuiv'
the late treasonable governor of that State, Jack-
son, was elected by an overwhelming majority
upon this very question, and almost upon this
question alone, Four years have expned; four
years of rebellion, four years of civil wai, four
yearsofruin and desolation and biood and misery.
All these things have occurred, and the people be-
lieve, whether correctly or not, that they are nil
in some way or another connected with this in-
stitution of slavery. And what has been the ic-
suk? The other day a gentleman, for whom 1
did not vote, but who has my highest respect,
and in whose patriotism 1 have eveiy confidence;
one who, I tt ust, will be equal to the great occasion
befote him; a radical man, far more radical than
I am or expect fo be, radical tu all ins theories
growing out of this disturbing question befoie us;
was elected governor of that State by the votes
of a larger majority than that which was cast four
years ago for Claiborne F. Jackson. What does
that prove? I believe that, to some extent, there
may have been some intimidation, some nulitaiy
inteifercnce. But I tell you that tny conviction
is that thid change has resulted from the deliberate
and earnest con vietion of the honest masses of the
people of that Statu, slaveowneis and non-slave-
owners, that the institution ofslaveiy is wiong,
that it has been to some extent the cause of all
out tnals, and that they are in favor of disposing
of it as eatly as practicable.
The State convention of Missouri assembled
the other day to revise the State constitution.
Almo.st two yeaisago an ordinance of emancipa-
tion had been adopted, allowing the institution to
stand until the 4th of July, 1870. Yet the people
of Alissouri were not content witii that. They
met in convention tin ee days ago, and almost the
very fir^t act of that convention, after organizing,
was, by a vote of 60 to 4, if the telegraph is cor-
rect, to wipe out the institution of Alnean slaveiy
from the soil of Missouii.
It is an old adage that " he is a fool who learns
nothing from experience, but he is the greatest
of foolh who will not pioiii by his oven expo iencc."
1 have learned a lutle; not much; but I am pro-
gressing. I never expect, peihaps I am not wise
enough, or perhaps I am too timid or too slow;
I do not expect to get quite up to the standard of
my venerable friend Irom Pennsylvania [Mr,
Stevens] or my eloquent friend from Maryland,
[Mr. H. W. Davis.] But I wilicmleavoi to keep
pace with my own convictions, having in view
always the testoration of the Union,the preserva-
tion of the Constitution and of republican liberty
under hee institutions upon the American conti-
nent. Sir, I have a firm conviction that there is
such a thing as the " logic of events."
May I say a word oi two to my friends from
Kentucky? My life-long friend who sits on my
left, who addtessed the Mouse the other day, [Mr.
Clay,] in the remaiks that I understood him to
make, spoke of the slaves m Kentucky being
worth $150,000,000 before the rebellion, and per-
haps as much now. Sir, put upon the block to-
day, what would all the slaves in North America
now sell for? Does he expect, after all to which
I have referred, after what he has seen, does the
gentleman expect that the institution of slavery is
to remain anywhere safe for any length of time?
If he does, if my other friends from Kentucky
expect that, I have only to say that upon that one
question I am wiser than they, I have passed
through this sea of troubles. Thank God, I
breathe freer and easier to-day in consequence of
having got through it, and 1 tell them now, that
without some obstacle in the constitution of the
State of Kentucky, Ui less than two years from
the day that I am making these poor remarks in
the American Congress, Kentucky will be a free
State without any regard to the views gentlemen
may express here on this side of this Hall.
And, sir, if ever a set of people made a mistake
on earth, it was the men of Kentucky, by whom
I was somewhat governed myself, when, three
yeais ago, they rejected the offer of the President
of the United States, who, wiser than we were,
seeing the difficulties before us, but seeing the
bow of promise set in the sky, and knowing what
was to come,proposed tons tosweep the institu-
tion of slavery from the border States, offering
the assistance of the United States to aid in com-
pensating the loyal men of those States for their
losses in labor and property. 1 say that the un-
wisestof all acts, so far as the border States were
concealed, was the rejection of this liberal offer
on the part of the Executive of the United States.
I voted for the proposition at first; and then most
unwisely changed my ground, showing the ver-
satility of the man, and would perhaps, if it had
come to a final vote, have opposed it, because my
constituents were likely to be offended by the pas-
sage of such a law. They are now convinced,
when their slaves are gone and their pockets are
empty, that 1 was right m the hrst place, and
they were wrong. I have read, in the papers of
this morning, that the Legislature of Kentucky,
after electing that distinguished and able man,
James G uthrie, to the Senate of the United States,
have passed a resolution in favor of emancipa-
tion,4' wtlh, the. consent of the ownerSyandwithcom-
pensation."
But where is compensation to come from? I
'have a right to feel something on this subject, for
I am called upon to ask myself where is compen-
sation to come from? Not out of the coffeis of
the national Treasury. Why, the Government
will not even pay foi the gallant soldiers which 1
and othci s have furnished for its Army, although
the law, as 1 undeistand, expressly piovides lor
compensation to loyal owners. While 1 have
furnished ten soldiers, brave soldiers, (1 hope they
are doing good seivice for the cause,) 1 have
never asked for any compensation. i do not
urge my claim for compensation; but when Uncle
Sam comes along I will consider whether to take
it or not. i will ask my friend from Kentucky,
[Mr. Clay,] I will not call him " my veneiable
ft lend," because lie and 1 sat on the same bench
at school when we were boys together—does he
think that the people of Kentucky will ever vote
to tax themselves to pay him and otheis for their
slaves? Does he not know that the day for com-
pensation is past? Will he have the men of
Kentucky go through all the trouble and anxiety
which 1 have paxsed through, simply to preserve
that which cannot, in the natuie of things, he
preserved but a few short years longer'1 1 would
do my full duty towaid my old State; but how
else can I do it than by giving her noble and pa-
triotic men the benefit of myown expenence? I
think that the best way to aid and succor my
proud old mother is to adopt this amendment.
£' II it were done, when 'tis done, then 'twcie well
It were done quickly."
Sir, she and her people rank in my affections
next to my own proud adopted Commonwealth.
There is not a State in this Union, nor any peo-
ple of the Union, for whom I would make greater
sacrifices than I would for the State of Kentucky.
Especially do I sympathize with my friend to
whom 1 have refencd, because he and I were edu-
cated in the same social and political school, and
have in m«ny respects kindred sympathies. 1
have the highest confluence in his loyalty, in his
honor, and in his patriotism, however much we
may differ on some questions, i wisli that I could
aid him and men similarly situated. But I can-
not. This is not because of any hostility to Ken-
tucky, or any hostility to the institution of sla-
very. It is because I am compelled to act thus
in view of the great results which, in myopinion,
are to spring from the adoption of this amend-
ment. I shall vote for it in order to help, the old
State of Kentucky, to help the South, but above
all to help all the States of the Union in arriving
at a final adjustment of the terrible agitation ana
conflict now prevailing.
Mr. Speaker, I regret that the action of our an-
cestors in reference to slavery inflicted this evil
upon us. And when I speak of our ancestors, I
mean those of Plymouth rock and those of James
river. And while in this House and in the other
end of this Capitol, I have heard attacks on the
pilgrim fathers, and while I saw lately a disrep-
utable statement concerning the early settlers of
Virginia, yet i have no sympathy with the spirit
which prompts such efforts. Doubtless there
were bad men as well as honest and good men
among the original settlers of both the northern
and the southern sections of our country. Through
the promptings of cupidity and avarice, slavery
was first established in this country. Could our
ancestors who countenanced this institution in its
establishment witness the scenes of the present
time, they would doubtless feel that they com-
mitted an unpardonable sin. And for this sin the
North and the South are equally responsible.
The people of both sections were engaged in this
infamous traffic, and we are this day gathering
the Auits of their iniquity. And it is thus that
"Even-handed justice
Commends the ingredients of our poisoned chalice
To oui own lips
or, as the same great master expresses it—
'• That we hut teach
Bloodv instruction*. whHi, being taught,leturn
To plague the mveimn."
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Fer-
nando Wood] said the other day that slavery was
a blessing to the slave. I admit that it has turned
outto be so, yet by accidcnf alone. The Africans
were brought from their native wilds in violation
of every law of! God and humanity; but when I
compare the present condition of the negro in this
country with his situation m his native land, I am
compelled to admit that the institution of slavery
has had a beneficial influence upon his moral, in-
tellectual, and physical condition. I think that the
negro of the United States is a higher order of hu-
manity ihan the barbarian of Africa. Thus out
of a gieat wiong has resulted a gteat good—the
elevation and advancement of this huge and un-
fortunate class. The consoling reflection will over
be, that this downtrodden iace,tornby violence
fiom their native country for the sake ofgam,after
passing for eentuties through a weary pilgrimage
of bondage,aie at last admitted into the temple of
fieedom, with a fair prospect of enjoying all the
blessings which education, true religion,and civ-
ilization confers upon man; and through them it
may be at last that these blessings may be sent
back to Africa, and that contineutover which the
daik cloud of ignorance and supeistition has so
long hovered, be illumined by tlie same bright sun
which has tluown its effulgent rays over other
portions of the habitable globe. And in all this,
through the eye of faith, we may discern the hand
of an all-wise and inset utable Providence; for
there is a
" Div;n"y that shape* our ends
ttongii-liew them huw we wiil."
Mr. Speaker, when the framers of the Ameri-
can Constitution in 1787 formed that instrument
they committed a great mistake in not disposing
finally and forever of the institution of slavery.
If the venerable man whose "counterfeit pie-
sentment" [pointing to the portrait of Washing-
ton] stands before us upon the walls of this Rep-
resentative Chamber could come from the sacred
spot of Mount Vernon, which holds his ashes,
and the question was put to him "Would you
asPiesident of that Convention, and the noble
men who composed that body, now disjiosegrad-
ually arid diiectly of the institution of slavery upon
this continent?'5 is there a man who hears my
voice who would doubt what would be the answer
of the Father of his country ? ft was not because
they wcie not anti-slavery, but because they were
afraid to deal with it. They had other delicate
and important questions to deal with which pre-
vented them from disposing of the institution of
slavery. They were planting deeply upon this
continent the foundations of a temple which was
