1028
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
pany, I do not know, and I do not care, whether
anybody in or out of Washington, or anybody
in or out of Congress, comes within the category
of stockholders. But isay that, whosoever they
may be—and I have heard that the interest is
pretty widely diffused, and is not confined to
Washington or to officials, but is to be found in
other cities—I am glad they should make profit,
and 1 am glad that the public at large should be
accommodated. What I say is, that while they
are thus authorized, as common earners, to have
exclusive privileges, and to a certain extent a
monopoly, for the accommodation of the public,
they should be held bound on their part to fur-
nish all those accommodations that may be rea-
sonably expected. When, therefore,an opportu-
nity is afforded to amend the bill further, I pro-
pose to offer the amendment which 1 have had
read for information. The only effect of it will
be not to break down this* company, not to in-
jure its business, but to require it to increase the
number of its cars and to run them more fre-
quently, so that all the public may be accommo-
dated; and, my word for it, there will be seats
found when seats only are to be paid for. There
will be cars enough, and they will run frequently
enough, because personal interest will stimulate
the company, when one of the conditions of its
charter is that every individual who seeks con-
veyance by tliese cars shall have a seat.
in reference to the general proposition to
increase the fare, I am opposed to U; and I am
opposed to it on this general fact. Sympathy is
attempted to be got up here in behalf of this com-
pany, and a bilf for its relief is introduced, be-
cause owing to the troubles in the country, and
the greatly enhanced price of everything, they
cannot run their cars at anything like the same
cost that they could run them at before the war.
That is true of pretty much all the business of the
country. But then there is another side to this.
If it costs them two or three times as much for
materials, for their rolling stock, and for feed for
their horses, they do five, six, or seven times as
much business m consequence of the war as they
could do before it. We see this illustrated in ail
the business of life. Your salaried men, your men
whose incomes neither expand nor contract, be-
cause they always receive so much and no more,
are suffering in this matter. But it is not true in
reference to those who engage in trade or busi-
ness of any kind; for they find their business ex-
panded quite in proportion to, and genetally be-
yond, the expansion of the currency. Your peo-
ple who are merchants, who are mechanics, who
are manufacturers, who are railroad men, who
are carrying cars along Pennsylvania avenue here,
are not like the clerks in your offices, or like the
soldiers and officers in your armies.
Mr. HOLMAN. Or like members of Con-
gress.
'Mr. SCHENCK. Or like members of Con-
gress, as my tnend from Indiana [Mr. Holman]
says, who have the same duties to perform,
whether they perform them well orill; all receive
the same pay, no matter what are the changes of
the times, no mutter what the depreciation of the
currency, or what the inflation of the prices. It is
not so with any of these people; and 1 repeat the
general pioposition, that if we undertake to re-
lieve people in one case we must relieve them ail
over the land. I am not talking about anything
that is atail abstruse; I am not talking aboutany-
thing that is not familiar to the whole thinking
public of this country; and I think it is enough to
meet demands of this sort with the general prop-
osition, that these people no more need relief on
account, of the inflation of prices and the cost of
cariyingon their business than do our merchants,
manufacturers, and nadeis all over the land.
They do not need it, for the reason that they are
not like salaried men with fixed incomes which do
not expand with the expansion of the currency;
and the traders, manufacturers, merchants, and
railroad men do not need it, because their incomes
expand as prices are inflated. And just in pro-
portion as the currency increases, it gives these
companies a great deal more with which to get
feed for their horses,to build thetrcars, buy their
rolling stock, and do all their business, which is
stimulated by the increase of prices all over the
country. And that enables them to carry, and
they have the opportunity to carry, for instance,
in Washington, five, seven, ten, and I am not
certain but twenty passengers now, where they
would have carried but one if it were not that the
war had crowded this city with soldiers and citi-
zens from all parts of the country.
Mr. PATTERSON, i would ask the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] if the prices of ail
kinds of merchandise of which he speaks are fixed
by law, or if they have not been increased as the
war has progressed.
Mr. SCHENCK. No,sir. And so faras that
goes it is an argument, but not an argument against
the fact; and having answered the question of the
gentleman,! will retort by asking him if these
railroads do not carry from ten to twenty passen-
gers now, in consequence of the crowded condi-
tion oCthe city, where they carried but one before
the war?
Mr. PATTERSON. I will answer that ques-
tion by saying that if they do they lose on every
passenger they carry; and the more they carry
the greater is the amount they lose.
Mr. SCHENCK. I cannot believe that the
stock of that company would sell at par if that
was so. If they were losing on every passenger
they carried their stock would be sold at a great
depreciation. Indeed, it is admitted that the slock j
is not depreciated, that it is worth at least all these ;
gentlemen paid for it at second-hand. That much
lias been admitted by the gentleman this morning.
I have seen no indication that this company is
losing from day to-day, losing on every passen-
ger they carry.
This bill contemplates increasing the fare not
only on the Washington and Georgetown rail-
road, but on the Metropolitan railroad. Now,
let me say in regard to the Metropolitan Railroad
Company, that, so faras comfort and convenience
are concerned, every one must regret that they do
not appear to be doing anything like the same
smashing business that their brethren on the
avenue between the navy-yard and Georgetown
seem to be doing. That is perhaps in part owing
to their line not having the same length, and those
who wish to go all the way to Georgetown or all
the way to the navy-yard are necessarily thrown
upon the other line of road. It may be owing to
other causes. But, however that may be, the
proposition embraces increase of fare to both the
Metropolitan Railroad Company and the other.
Now, when was that Metropolitan Railroad
Company chartered ? Since this war commenced
—only a few months ago—with gold then bearing
a greater disproportion to the paper currency of
the country than it does even to-day. And yet
now, with gold going down, with prices certainly
not greater than then, we are called upon to make
a change in the fare to be charged upon that road.
Why, sir, either there was a very great mistake
in this company's then accepting the conditions
of the grant, or else there is a very great mistake
in supposing that now, after the lapse of metely
a few weeks, when circumstances are at least not
worse than they were, this company need the
relief which is proposed.
I do not wish either of these companies, or any
company that furnishes conveniences, as these do
to a very great degree, to the public, to lose by
what they undertake. But i shall not believe that
they are thus suffering and thus losing until I see
some further indications of it than we have had
as yet. On the other hand, looking upon these
railroad cars as being, in the fullest sense of the
term, the people's carriages, the poor/nan's means
of conveyance, I would aid them in increasing
their business by multiplying to the greatest pos-
sible extent the number whom they are permitted
and whom they are enabled to accommodate; but,
unless some very good and clear reason be shown
to the contrary, 1 would keep the prices down
to the minimum amount, in order that the mass
of the people of the country maybe accommo-
dated through the means of these conveyances
afforded for the geneial benefit and the general
comfort.
These are the reasons why I cannot vote for
increasing these rates of fare. In no fact pre-
sented here do I see anything to show that they
are doing a losing business. On the other hand,
I would gladly see imposed upon them such re-
strictions that, like other common carriers, they
should be required to furnish, as an equivalent for
the monopoly given to them by their charter, ail
the facilities and accommodations that they ought
to give to those who are conveyed by them.
JSNItOLIXD BILLS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled House bills of the following titles;
when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. H. No. 364) authorizing and re-
quiring the opening of Sixth street west; and
An act (H. R. No, 184) to create the eastern
judicial district of the State of New York.
MKSSAGK FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message from the President, by Mr. Nico-
la*, his Private Secretary, announced that he had
this day approved and signed bills and joint res-
olutions of the following: titles:
An act (H, R. No. 222) to extinguish the In-
dian titles to land in the Territory of Utah suit-
able for agricultural and mineral purposes;
An act (II. R. No. 624) to provide for the pay-
ment of the value of certain lands and improve-
ments of private citizens appropriated by the
United States for Indian reservations in the
Territory of Washington;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 45) to enable
the Secretary of the Treasury to obtain the title
to certain property in Carson City, and State of
Nevada, for the purposes of a branch mint lo-
cated in said State; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 143) to facilitate
the adjustment of certain accounts ot the Ameri-
can Colonization Society for the support of re-
captured Africans in Liberia.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. STEELE, of New York* asked and ob-
tained leave of absence from tins evening's ses-
sion. i ^
METROPOLITAN RAILROAD COMPANY AGAIN.
Mr. TRACY. If it be in order, I propose to
offer a substitute for the pending amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion
that no further amendment is now in order.
Mr. TRACY. I do not offer this as an amend-
ment to an amendment, but as asubstitute for the
bill as reported from the committee and the pend-
ing amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope that
the proposition of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Tracy] will be read for information.
Perhaps it may be adopted by unanimous con-
sent.
The proposed substitute was read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, after hearing
this proposition read, understands the intent of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania. It is, after
the bill shall be perfected in its present form, to
strike out all after the enacting clause and insert
the substitute which he proposes. That will be
in order hereafter. This is a Senate bill, to
which the Committee for the District of Columbia
recommend various amendments. Those amend-
ments must be acted on first. After the bill lias
been perfected as far as possible by amendments
this substitute will be in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
call the attention of the House lo the fact that in
this Congress a bill was reported to amend the
charter of this Washington and Georgetown Rail-
road Company. Thatbill,as introduced,instead
of increasing the fare, provided for reducing it to
three cents; and I have been advised that if Con*
gress would give a charter to another company
to put down a track between the Capitol and the
Treasury building, they will bind themselves to
carry passengers for three cents. The Washing-
ton and Georgetown Railroad Company found
fault with this proposed decrease of fare, yet they
did not ask that the fare might bo increased. But
that bill contained other provisions to which the
company did not object, and which gentlemen do
not now propose to incorporate in this bill along
with this increase of fare. For instance, it was
provided in that bill that the company shouldjun
their cars at given intervals of time and at given
rates of speed, so that the cars would not be so
much ciowded. It was further provided that the
company should keep in order the tracks, and
should clean the flaggings, which it was believed
to be right and fair that they should do, so that
persons desiring to get on or off the cars would
not have to wade ankle-deep in mud,as they  ow
do. And all these things which be$r upon the
company are not to be touched at all by this
