1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
268
and not exactly identified in my theories with
anybody. 1 have been a party by myself pretty
much all the time I have been here; but, thank
God! 1 have the good opinion of myself to believe
that I have been a patriot all the time, that I have
had my eye upon the main question, and that I
have been working to the great point of saving
my country and its free institutions from wreck.
As to partisan considerations, does any man ever
expect to make anything further politically out of
the slavery question? Sir, 1 have heard hardly
an argument upon this side of the House which
not contained this remarkable expression,
" while, Mr. Speaker, I am not an apologist for the
institution of slavery;" and if I were to take a vote
to-day on this side of the House, with the excep-
tion of half a dozen, headed by the honorable
gentleman from New Yoik, [Mr. Fernando
Wood,] I believe that every one of you would
indorse the general anti-slavery remarks which
1 have made here to-day. I believe that the very
eloquent and distinguished gentleman from the
Cincinnati district, [Mr. Pendleton,] for whose
personal character I have the highest respect, and
also for his patriotism and his loyalty, is against
the institution of slavery; he would not plant it
in my State if it was not there; he would not plant
it in Ohio; he would not plant it on this conti-
nent; he docs not regard it as an institution just
in itself and productive of good results; and 1
believe that is the opinion of nine tenths of the
gentlemen upon this side of the House.
Why not, then, leave the matter to the good
sense and patriotism of the American people—
the people of all the States? Why not cut this
Gordian knot? Why not dispose at once of this
distracting question? We never can have tran-
quillity and peace so long as it remains in the form
in which it now exists.
[Here the hammer fell, another hour having
expired.]
Mr. ASHLEY. 1 ask that the time of the
gentleman from Missouri be stilifurther extended.
There was no objection.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I
have but one other thought to express, and I
pledge the House that 1 will then conclude theso
remarks, not, however, without thanking every-
body here for the great and unusual courtesy
which has been extended to me, as well as for the
attentive hearing which I have received alike fiom
the House and from these crowded galleries. Mr.
Speaker, if we can get through tins rebellion com-
pletely and satisfactorily, if we can steer safely
between Charybdis on the one side tmd Scylla
on the other of the passage through which we
are now steering, if we survive the stoim and
strife, if we can march safely through the dark
and dreary wilderness of rebellion and civil war,
and if we can come out of it with the American
Union as formed by Washington and his com-
patriots, if we can come out of it with our free and
matchless Constitution maintained substantially
in all its parts, if we can come out of it and still
boast of our American nationality, if we c.m come
out of it with the further boast that though we
have passed through those trials wc have not only
saved our Constitution and Union, but we have
caused the sun of freedom to  shme on an addi-
tional lour million of human beings, and if the
old ship can once more be lighted and set sail on
calmer seas, smooth and tranquil, where is the
man who feels a just pride of country and who
ennnot bring himself up to the standaid of real-
izing the great influence which the American
Republic, with free.r institutions and a Iuoader
Christian civilization, shall exert on downtrodden
humanity m every'land and beyond every sea?
Ay, sir, let ours be the chost-n land, ogr^ be
the land where the w-nry wanderei !-4mII direct
Ins footsteps, and wh'-ie lie can enjoy im- bies?5-
ings of peace and of freedom. Let ouis bG the
" bright pellicular Mar" next to the star that led
the shepheids to liethh-hom, v;ineh shall lead th<;
downtrodden and opr,iessed of all the world in;,<>
a harbor of peace, occui ity, and happiiies.s. A od
lu us, kneeling .-round the altar, all thank God
that although we have had our trails, we have
saved our counli y; that although we have Leu
guilty of sins v..  have wip'd them out, and that
we at length stand up a gieat and pownful "• <-
pie, honored by all theeaiih, " ledeeim'd, 11-;, -i
erated, and di^itUhralled by the genius of uni-
versal emancipation." [Load applause on the
floor and in the galleries, which was checked by
the Speaker.]
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Speaker, we shall never
know why slavery dies so hard in this Republic
and in this Hall till we know why sin outlives dis-
aster, and Satan is immortal. Its marvelous te-
nacity of existence has outlived the expectations
of its friends and the hopes of its enemies. It has
been declared here and elsewhere to be in all the
several stages of moitality, wounded, moribund,
dead. "The question was raised by my colleague
[Mr. Cox] yesterday, whether it was indeed dead,
or in a troubled sleep. 1 know of no better illustra-
tion of its condition than is found in Sallust's ad-
mirable history of the great conspirator, Catiline,
who, when his final battle was fought and lost,
his army broken and scattered, was found far in
advance of his own troops, lying among the dead
enemies of Rome, yet breathing a little, but ex-
hibiting in his countenance all that ferocity of
spirit wfiich had characterized his life. So, sir,
this body of slavery lies before us among the dead
enemies of the Republic, mortally wounded, im-
potent in its fiendish wickedness, but with its old
ferocity in its looks, bearing the unmistakable
marks of its infernal origin.
Who does not remember that thirty years ago,
a short period in the life of a nation, but little
could be said with impunity in these Halls on the
subject of slavery ? How well do gentlemen here
remember the history of that distinguished pre-
decessor of mine, Joshua R. Giddings, lately gone
to his rest, who with his forlorn hope of faithful
men took his life m his hands, and in the name
of justice protested against the great crime, and
who stood bravely in his place until his white
locks, like the plume of Henry of Navarre,
maiked where the battle for freedom raged fiercest.
We can hardly realize that this is the same peo-
ple, and these the same Halls, where now scarcely
a man can be found who will venture to do more
than falter out anapulogy for slavery, piotestmg
at the same time that he has no love for the dying
tyrant. None, I believe, but that man of more
than supernal boldness from the city of New York
[Mr. Fernando Wood] has ventured this session
to raise his voice in favor of slavery for its own
sake. He still sees in its features the reflection
of divinity and beauty, and only he. " How art
thou fallen from heaven, 0 Lucifer, son of the
morning! How art thou cut down to the ground,
which didst weaken the nations 1" Many mighty
men have been slain by thee; many proud ones
have humbled themselves at thy feet! All along ,
the coast of the political sea they lie like stranded
wrecks, broken on the headlands of freedom.
How lately did its advocates with impious bold-
ness maintain it as God's own, to be venerated
and cherished as divine. It was another and
higher form of civilization. It was the holy
evangel of America dispensing its blessings to a
benighted race, destined to bear its blessings to
the \v ildemess of the West. In its mad arrogance
it lifted its hand to strike down the fabric of the
Union, and since that fatal day it has been a" fu-
gitive and a vagabond upon the earth;" like the
spirit that Jesus cast out it has since then been
" seekmcr rest and finding none." It has sought
in all the corners of the Republic to find some hid-
ing-place in which to shelteritself from the death it
has so richly earned. It sought an asylum in the
untrodden Territories of the West, but, with a
whip of seoipions, indignant freedom drove it
thence. I do not believe a loyal man can now be
found who would consent that it should again
enter them. It has no hope of harbor there. It
found no protection or favor in the hearts or con-
sciences of the freemen of the Republic, and has
lied for its last hope of safety to the shield of the
Constitution. We propose to follow it there, and
hurl it as Satan was exiled from heaven. But
now m the hour of its mortal agony it has found
a defender.
My gallant colleague, [Mr. Pendlp:ton,] for I
recognize him as a gallant and able man, plants
himself at the door of his darling, and bids de-
fiance to all assailants. Ho hns followed shi-
very m its flight, until at Inst he has reached the
gn at temple where liberty is enshrined—the Con-
stitut'u'i of t }.>■ United St-Uos—-and there, m that :
List ivtieut, no hand shall stuke it. h reminds
me oi that celebrated passage in the great L.itin
poet, in which the serpents of the Ionian sea, when
they had destroyed Laocoon and his sons, fled to
the heights of the Trojan citadel and coilcd their
slimy lengths around the feet of the tutelar god-
dess, and were covered by the orb of'her shield*
So, under the guidance of my colleague [Mr. Pen-
dleton] slavery has found its way upward and
upward, until it has reached the high citadel of
American nationalty, and coiled itself> as he be-
lieves, securely around the feet of the statue of
justice and under the shield of the Constitution
of the United States. We desire to follow it even
there and kill it beside the very altar of liberty.
Its blood can nevermake atonement forits crimes.
But the gentleman hasgone further. - He is nol
content that the snaky sorceress shall be merely
under the protection of the Constitution. In his
hands, by a strange metamorphosis, slavery be-
comes an invisible essence and takes up its abode
in the very grain and fiber of the Constitution,
and when we go to strike it he says, " I cannot
point out any express form that prohibits you
from striking slavery; but I find it in the intent
and meaning of the Constitution. 1 go into the
very grain of the Constitution, underthe surface,
out of sight, into the very spirit and genius of it,
and in that invisible domain slavery is enshrined,
and there is no power in the Republic to drive it
thence." In order that I may ao no injustice to
my friend, I will read from his speech of yester-
day the passage to which I have referred:
"My colleague from the Toledo district, in the speech
which he made the other day, told us with reference to this
point:
'"If I lead the Constitution aright and understand the
foice of language, the section which I have just quoted ia
to-davfiee tfom all limitations and conditions save two,
oneof which piovides that the suffrage of the several States
ill the Senate shall he equal, and that no State shall lose
this equality hv any amendment of the Constitution with-
out its consent; the oilier ielates to taxation. These are
the only conditions and limitations.'
"I deny it. I asseit that theie is another limitation
stronger even than the Jetter of the Constitution} and that
is to be found in its intent and its spirit and it* foundation
idea. I put the question which has been putbefoiein this
debate, can three fourths of the States constitutionally
change this Government, and make it an autocracy ? It is
not prohibited by the letter of the Constitution."
" Jt does not come witlun the two classes of limitations
and conditions asset ted by my colleague. Why is it that
thischangecannotbemade? 1 will tell you why. Itisbe-
eausc icpubJieanism lies at the very foundation of our sys-
tem of government, and to oveithrow that idea is not to \
/unend, but to subvert the Constitution ot the United States ;
and 1 say Unit if thiec fouiths of the States should under-
take to pa-* an amendment of that kind, and Rhode Island
alone di-.-ented, she would have the right to resist by force.
It would be her duty to resist by force; and her cause
would be sacred in the eyes of jufct men, and sanctified in
the eyes of a just God."
He goes behind the words and phrases of the
Constitution and finds a refuge for slavery in it^
intent; and he says that with that intent we have
no right to deal in the way of amendment. He has
gone even beyond thatsublimeideaof protection,
and has announced a discovery to which I am
sure no other statesman ever laid claim, and can
be no more reached by the power of law than
Satan by the sword of Michael. He finds the
highest warrant, the completestimmunity, for sla-
very, not only behind the Constitution,but even
behind the governments of the States themselves.
For ho says, in answer to a question from my
friend from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson:]
u I will not be drawn now into a discussion with the gen-
tleman as to the origin of slavery, nor to the law which
he* behind the Constitution ot the United States, and be-
hind the government of the States, by which these people
are held in slavery."
I say that the gentleman has gone even deeper
than the spirit of the Constitution. Not finding
anything in the words and phrases of the, Con-
stitution to forbid an amendment abolishing sla-
very he goes behind the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States and behind all constitutions, and refers
to some law that overshadows States, nations,
and constitutions and forms, as space envelops
the universe,and, far away in the eternal equities,
he finds what he believes to be the law by which
one man can hold another in slavery. Surely
human ingenuity has never gone further to shield
a malefactor.
Let me for a few moments call the attention of
the House to what seems to me to be the origin
of the gentleman's aigument. He has given us
what i believe to be the key to his legal opinions
in the four words which thegentleman from Rhode
