1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
102f
increase; they aretobeleftoutentirely. As I said
yesterday, we are called upon to increase this
fare to eight cents, and to impose upon the labor-
ing men and women of this District, the clerks of
the various Departments, marketmen, soldiers,
and our constituents who may be here and wee
these cars, an additional tax, and to put additional
money into the already gorged pockets of* this
company.
Thn gentleman seems to think that this is an
abused corporation. Why, gentlemen will recol-
lect when this bill was passed the tremendous
scramble to get stock between the cities of New
York and Philadelphia. I believe there was no
less than $10,000,000 subscribed, out of which the
stock had to be taken, so greedy were the people
to get the stock. And well they might be. I
recollcct that the gentlemanfrom Massachusetts,
not now in his seat, well acquainted with these
things, said that the franchise as it was passed
was worth ยง500,000. I believed that it was worth
ยง1,000,000. And, Mr. Speaker, I do protest
against raising this fare for the benefit of this
corporation. I protest against it in behalf of the
people.
I am not satisfied with the statements made in
regard to the profits of this road when 1 see the
cars going eighteen hours every day and filled all
the time. I cannot be made to believe that this
is a losing business. I undertake to say that no
considerable amount of stock in the hands of
present holders can be bought at anything like a
reasonable premium. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Davis] professes to have better in-
formation. 1 was told on authority believed to
be good that the original stock which only cost,
or on which there was only paid m, twenty dol-
lars, is worth $400. The gentleman fiom New
York says that thatis not so. Perhaps he knows
better than I do. 1 was told by what i under-
stood to he good authority.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. The gentleman
said*yesterday that that information had been
furnished to him by a director of the company.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No, sir.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. On the authority
of the president of the company, 1 pronounce
the statement in reference to the stock to be un-
true. The stock was never sold for any such
sum. It can be proved that it was never worth
any such sum.
Mr. DAWES. Tell us the exact difference
between what the stock cost and what it can be
now bought for.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I will tell the
gentleman exactly: the last sale of that stock,
which is in shares of fifty dollars, was for $67 50.
Mr. DAWES. What I want to know is, how
much was paid in.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. 1 will state that
the original capital was $500,000, and I under-
stand that forty or fifty per cent, was paid in.
The bonds of the company were given for the
construction of the road.
Mr. Speaker, I have always admired the ex-
emplary and Christian spirit with which my
friend from Illinois resigns himself to the misfor-
tunes of other people when nothing comes from
his pockets or the pockets of the people of Illi-
nois. He is ready to make the appropriation when
his constituents are affected. He has an intense
lov^ for the great people, and corporations must
take nothing from them even though the corpo-
rations are losing by the business they are doing.
What I said yesterday is true. This company
is losing money on the business they are doing,
and the road will not be able to continue running
unless this relief is extended by Congress. Sir,
the free list of this company, the passengers they
carry over the road without charge of one ccnt,
amount to one thousand passengers per day.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
like to know what this free list is?
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. Senators, mem-
bers of the House, clerks, and other persons.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. I have never
seen anybody but our honorable selves exhibiting
(lOOCO i *
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I have a great
many times. Perhaps the gentleman does not
ride on the road as frequently as he would if he
had not had a quarrel with the company.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. I ride when-
ever I* desire. I never had any quarrel with
them. My friend from New York is entirely
mistaken."
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I am happy to
hear it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The com-
pany owe me nothing, and I owe them nothing.
They afford me tolerably good accommodations,
and 1 pay them for it.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. This bill was in-
troduced, and I have advocated it upon the ground
of justice, and justice alone. 1 do not desire to put
money inordinately into the pockets of this com-
pany or that of any other. This bill was intro-
duced for the purpose of relieving the Metropol-
itan Railroad Company, a company having a line
two miles long, upon which they were permitted
to charge a fare of only five cents. The fact has
been stated here, and I believe truly, that upon
their business now they Are losing more than two
hundred dollars a day.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. Then ac-
cording to this statement of my friend the object
of our charging every passenger who shall ride
upon the Washington and Georgetown railroad
three cents in addition to the present fare is not
for the benefit of that company but for the bene-
fit of the Metropolitan Railroad Company. So
that when we ride on the Washington and George-
town road and pay an additional three cents it is
not for their benefit but for the benefit of the other
company.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. The gentleman
misunderstood the position I took. I was merely
stating the history of this transaction, and saying
that the Washington and Georgetown Railroad
Company had nothing to do with the purposes for
which this bill was introduced. They knew
nothing of the matter, but when they saw this bill
for the relief of the Metropolitan Railroad Com-
pany the president of the other company saw at
once that the right to increase the fare on the
Metropolitan railroad to eight cents would not
inure to their benefit unless the fareof the Wash-
ington and Georgetown Railroad Company was
raised also.
Mr. WASH-BURNE, of Illinois, (interrupt-
ing.) Has the morning hour expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has, and the remainder
of the day is assigned to the business of the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
MACKEREL FISHERIES.
Mr. ELIOT, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported, with a recommendation that it
do pass, a bill to extend the provisions of the
first section of the act for the government of per-
sons in certain fisheries, approved June 19,1813;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
first section of the act for the government of per-
sons in certain fisheries, approved June 19,.1813,
shall extend to the fnasterorskipper and seamen
of vessels of the burden of twenty tons and up-
ward qualified according to the Jaw for carry-
ing on the mackerel fisheries, bound from any
port in the United States to be employed in such
fisheries, in the same way as if such fisheries
had been embraced in said act, provided that the
agreement named in said section shall be duly
made, indorsed, and countersigned.
Mr. ELIOT. I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. CHANLER. I would inquire of thegen-
tleman from Massachusetts what is the spccial
object of this bill.
Mr ELIOT. It is only to extend certain pro-
visions of the act of 1813 to ccrtain persons en-
gaged in the mackerel fisheries.
Mr. CHANLER. 1 understand that very well;
hut I want to know why, at this time, he has in-
troduced this bill to protect those fisheries? What
is the necessity for it?
Mr. ELIOT. It iS not for protection exactly.
I will explain. Since 1790 there have been cer-
tain provisions to compel seamen in the merchant
marine who desert to return to their vessels. In
1813 the provisions of that act were extended to
the cod fisheries. At that time the mackerel fish-
eries had not been fairly established. It has been
found lately, and especially since the commence-
ment of this war, that there is great difficulty in
compelling the services of mariners who had en*
gaged to serve in the mackerel fisheries, because
the laws of 1813 do not extend to them. The
object of this law is simply to extend the pro-
visions of the law of 1813 to that class.
Mr. CHANLER. Are they in the service of
the United States ?
Mr. ELIOT. Not at all.
. Mr. CHANLER. The service to which the
gentleman alludes is not very clear to me. in
what service are those men?
Mr. ELIOT. The mackerel service only.
Mr. CHANLER. I represent to a certain ex-
tent what is called Mackerelville, and I feel very
much interested in knowing how far the provis-
ions of this act would touch my constituents.
But at the same time I consider that the provis-
ions of this bill do protect the mackerel service
and give to the men in that service a protection
whereby they are induced to remain in that service
rather than go into any other. Am I not correct
in that supposition?
Mr. ELIOT. Do I understand the gentleman
to say that he belongs to the mackerel brigade,
and desires to know whether the provisions of
this bill wiii protect him? [Laughter.]
Mr. CHANLER. No, sir; the gentleman is
mistaken. He is the exponent of the codfish
aristocracy, [laughter,] and my object in address-
ing him was to irritate his dorsal fin. He has
been here for some time cutting capers with re-
gard to the fisheries, and putting hooks into the
mouths of this House and drawing them hither
and thither.
Now, I am of the opinion that the gentleman
is indeed an admirable fisherman and admirable
representative of the codfish aristocracy. But it
is not necessary to include me in the mackerel
brigade, for I do not bear any of those fins which
characterize him individually. At the same time,
I do not want the gentleman to misunderstand
me, or to throw ridicule upon an honest effort on
the part of this side of the House to bring before
this body the provisions of a, bill which is being
passed without consideration.
If the bill is a good one, I have no objection to
it. My question was put in good faith, and if the
gentleman wishes he can answer it. It is a plaiw
question. I wish to know whether this bill does
not protect a certain business and source of profit.
1 believe it does. If it does not, the gentleman
can say so.
Mr. ELIOT. When the gentleman gets
through I will answer him.
Mr. CHANLER. I am through.
Mr. ELlOT. The gentleman inquires whether
this bill protects the interests of a ccrtain fishery.
It does not in one sense and it does in another.
Mr. CHANLER. Exactly.
Mr. ELIOT. It extends to that fishery the
same privileges and rights and imposes upon it
the same burdens as the law now extends to the
mercantile marine and to all the other fisheries.
Now, is the gentleman answered?
Mr. CHANLER. I am satisfied, and I rose
to ask the question in order that the House might
understand that very fact. The bill does give
certain advantages to a local interest, and the
House ought to give it some consideration before
they pass it. .
Mr. ELIOT. I now call the previousquestion.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman yield to me
for'a moment?
Mr. ELIOT. Certainly.
Mr. COX. From a cursory reading of this
bill we are not able to understand it. I would
ask the gentleman from Massachusetts if this bill
extends the fishing bounties.
Mr. ELIOT. No, sir; it has nothing to do
with bounties.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman permit me to
move an additional section to this bill repealing all
laws or parts of laws granting fishing bounties?
Mr. ELIOT. That would not be germano to
this bill.
Mr. COX. It would be American.
Mr. WASHBURNE,of Illinois. I consented
to the reporting of this bill because I do not think
there is anything particularly objectionable in it,
and nothing that touches the question to which
the gentleman from Ohio refers. I hope and be-
lieve that my friend from Massachusetts will, at
the next session of Congress*, bring in a bill to
