1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBR
1031
to the gentleman. What is theextentand reason
of the change made by this bill? Upon its face it
alters the existing system.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It does al-
ter the existing system, as a matter of course, to
this extent: instead of the present system of five
appraisers and five assistant appraisers, it pro-
vides for one chief appraiser and six assistant ap-
praisers. In point of fact it gives a head to the
institution.
Mr. CHANLER. Is that the only change
which the bill will introduce?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is one
change. Another provision changing the existing
lav/ is embraced in the amendment just adopted.
That is, I think, a very important provision, be-
cause it is designed to punish all persons who,
while acting as officers in the custom-house, en-
gage in any commercial transaction which might
influence their action.
Mr. CHANLER. Does it make any further
change in the system now existing?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. None what-
ever.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I desire to inquire
of the gentleman from Hlinois whether there is
anything in this bill that makes it a punishable
offense foranyof these appraisers to receive pres-
ents from importers. That is a practice which
has led to serious evils in the city of New York.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The exist-
ing laws, I believe, provide for the punishment
of that offense.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I would suggest
to the gentleman the propriety of including in the
soction which refers to penalties a penalty for
that offense.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman from New York will prepare an amend-
ment which will embody his idea, I have no
doubt that the House will adopt it. 1 understand,
however, that there is now on the statute-book
an enactment by which all offenses of that kind
can be punished. If there be no such law ijow in
force, it is very certain that we ought to enact a
very stringent law on the subject.
Mr. ODELL. I would say to the chairman of
the Committee on Commerce, [Mr. Washburne,
of Illinois,] that a law rea-ching these cases was
passed during the session of 1863. The crime is
now punishable to the same extent as smuggling.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That was
what I understood.
Mr. ODELL. The present law is amply suf-
fieient to punish all offenders of that kind.
While lam upon the floor, I desire to say that
I know something in reference to what will be the
practical operation of the provisions embraced in
tlus bill, and I can assure every member of the
House that they will work a very beneficial
change in the administration of affairs in the ap-
praiser's office at the port of New York.
I regret exceedingly, however, that the chair-
man of the Committee on Cqmmerce has seen
fit to propose to reduce the salary of the princi-
pal appraisers to $4,000, and that of the assist-
ants to $3,000. Now, it is known to-every gen-
tleman acquainted with commercial matters that
the appraiser's office at the port of New York is
the key to the whole business of collecting the
revenue of the country from customs. A higher
class and character of men are required in the
appraiser's office than in any other branch of the
service of the United States. Every one of the
six or seven men who may be appointed under
this bill will have passing through his hands for-
eign goods amounting to millions upon millions
of dollars. I therefore regret exceedingly that
the chairman of the Committee on Commerce has
proposed this reduction of salary, especially as to
the assistant appraisers. The services of men
of the requisite character to fill these places are
worth in the city of New York more than the
sum first proposed in this bill. I believe that it
will be the best judgment of the House to put
that sum back into the bill, $3,500 for each of
these men. Thechairman has amended the bill,
reducing the number, thus mSking a material sav-
ing in the expenditure, and I hope that he will
consent to pay the assistant appraisers $3,500.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am glad
tQ have an indorsement of the principle of the
bill from the gentleman from New York, whose
judgment and experience in these matters are
worth a great deal. But I cannot agree with him
in regard to the change of salaries.
I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
VERIFICATION OP INVOICES.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, also reported back House
bill No. 697, further to provide for the verification
of invoices.
The bill was read.
Mr. CHANLER. Has this reference to the
consular system generally, or is it limited?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is an
amendment to the bill of the last session in refer-
ence to frauds by false invoices.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLMENT OF VESSELS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the
Committee on Commerce, also reported back
House bill No. 738, relating to the enrollment
and license of certain vessels; which was ordered
to be engrossed, and read a third time, and being
engrossed it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by whjch the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
STEAMBOAT INSPECTORS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the
Committee on Commerce, also reported back
House bill No. 667, to provide for two assistant
inspectors of steamboats in the city of New York,
and two local inspectors at Galena, Illinois.
The bill was read.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The bill has
been up before. I move to add the following:
And the local board of inspectors at Wheeling Is hereby
reestablished.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. I want to know why the two
local inspectors should be at Galena.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I explained
that when the bill was up before. It is a matter
of very little importance.
Mr. ALLISON. I think that it is a matter of
great importance to put these inspectors where
they can reach steamboats readily. I think one
of these inspectors should be at Dubuque.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. They must
be both at the same place. It is a matter of little
importance.
Mr, WILSON. Then why not put both of
them at Dubuque?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the previous question.
Mr. ROSS. I move to strike out " Galena"
and insert " Lewiston."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
yield.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
amend the title so that it would read:
A bill to provide for two assistant Inspectors of steam-
boats in the city of New York and two local inspectors at
Galena, Illinois, and to reestablish the board of local in-
spectors at Wheeling; and also to amend the act approved
Juno 8,18l)4, entitled <4 An act to create two additional in-
spectors of steamboats and two local inspectors of steam-
boats tor the collection districts of Memphis and Oregon,
and tor other purposes."
The amendment was agreed to.
MICHIGAN CITY HARBOR COMPANY.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am di-
rected by the Committee on Commerce, to whom
was referred a petition of certain citizens of In-
diana and Illinois asking the Government to permit
the Michigan City Harbor Company to use the
foundations of the old Government piers at Mich-
igan City, and that Michigan City may be made
a port of delivery, have directed me to report a
bill granting to the Michigan City Harbor Com-
pany the use of the Government piers in said har-
bor for the purpose of protecting said harbor.
The bill was read a first and second time bv its
title.
The first section of the bill, which was read,
grants to the Michigan City Harbor Company, at
Michigan City, in the State of Indiana, the priv-
ilege of using the foundations of the old Govern-
ment piers now in that harbor for the purpose of
improving and protecting said harbor, provided
that no expense made by said harbor company
for such purpose shall be considered a charge
against the Government of the United States.
The second section constitutes Michigan City a
port of delivery, subject to the same regulations
and restrictions as other ports; annexes said port
to the collection district of Chicago, and provides
that there shall be appointed a surveyor of cus-
toms, to reside at said port, at an annual salary of
$350.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved that
the vote by which the bill was passed be recon-
sidered; and also moved that the vote to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
VOTES RECORDED.
Mr. LOAN. I ask unanimous consent to re-
cord my vote upon the confiscation' bill passed
this morning.
Mr. MALLORY. I will not object if my col-
league [Mr. Harding] is also permitted to record
his vote.
Mr. ASHLEY. I object, if it changes the re-
sult.
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. ASHLEY. I object. If the two gentlemen
desire to vote on opposite sides I will withdraw
my objection.
The SPEAKER. The chair understands that
they desire to record their votes on opposite sides.
No objection being made, Mr. Loam recorded
his vote in the affirmative, and Mr. Harding in
the negative.
Mr. O'NEILL. I ask unanimous consent to
record my vote on the same bill.
Mr. MALLORY. Andlask permission that
my colleague [Mr. Grider] have leave to record
his vote.
Mr. STEVENS. I object.
Mr. LE BLOND. It will not change the re-
sult.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania objects.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not know how far this
may go, hence I object. I know the bill is safe
now, and I do not want the result changed.
snip WILLIAM J. STORER.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the
Committee on Commerce, reported a joint reso-
lution to change the name of the ship W llliam F.
Storer to Montana.
The bill was read a first and second time, or-
dered to be engrossed and read a third time; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time,and passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved that
the vote by which the bill was passed be recon-
sidered; and also moved that the motion to re-
consider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
IfOVAL REFUGEES MOM TEXAS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from theGonrw
mittee on Commerce, also reported a bill- for the
purpose of checking contraband trade and to pro*
vide a fund for the relief of indigent loyal refu-
gees from the State of Texas.
The bill was read a first and seconds time by its
title.
