266
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
Mr. STEVENS. No lawyer who wishes to
understand it can deny that, with the exceptions
contained in that proviso, the power to amend the
Constitution is unlimited. There is no subject
on earth relating to Government that you cannot
^touch. Nowhere in that original instrument did
t}ie States grant the right of legislating on the sub-
ject of religion; and yet the very first amendment
that was made under this power refers to the sub-
ject of religion and the freedom of speech, show-
ing the fallacy of the arguments o>f those who say
that you can amend only the subjects granted to
Congress.
Perhaps I ought not to occupy so much time,
and I will only say one word further. So far as
the appeals of the learned gentleman [Mr. Pen-
dleton] are concerned, in lus pathetic winding
up, I will be willing to take my chance, when we
all molder in the dust, lie may have his epi-
taph'written, if it be truly wntten, " Iieio rests
the ablest and most pertinacious defender of sla-
very and opponent of liberty;" and 1 will be sat-
isfied if my epitaph shall be wntten thus: "liere
lies one who never rose to any eminence, and who
onlycoutted the low ambition to have it said that
lie had striven to ameliorate the condition of the
poor, the lowly, the downtrodden of every race
and language and color." [Applause.]
I shall be content, with audi a eulogy on his
lofty tomb and such an inscription on my hum-
ble grave, to trust our memories to the judgment
of after nges.
Mr. Jj'ALDWIN, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, if the House were now ieady to sustain
a call for the previous question and come to a voie,
I would ghtdly give way to have the vole taken.
I shall not undertake an elaborate or extended
argument, nor make a long speech. 1 propose only
to take some notion of what is said or implied in
one or two of the at ^uments lhat have been urged
against the measure now before the [louse.
1. One argument against the measure assumes
that the people of this Republic cannot safely be
trusted with control of the lorm of their national
government. It is said that if we admit that the
ptople have rightful authoiity to amend the Con-
stitution so a.s to abolish and prohibit slavery, it
wiil follow that the people have-also authority u>
.set tip a monarchy, or do anything else tiiat im-
plies unlimited conti ol over the form of their gov-
ernment, therefore sueh authority mustbe dented.
That is if) say, the light of sell-government, the
right of democratic institutions, the right of the
people of these States to be the somee and the
organizers of political power in the nation, must
not be admitted, because it would be dangerous
to trust the people with full power to amend the
Constitution and decide lor themselves how and
by \v*hat methods they will be governed.
Ceitainly it is not paying a hi'j;h compliment
to the people of this nation to assume that they
would, under any circumstances, set up a mmi-
aieliy or lianal-urn the Republic, into a hideous
despotism like lhat of Dahomey. It lepiesents
nothing in the character or the political faith of
the met) who framed our Govri nnient. They had
faith in the people, and could not loleiato a pol-
icy that would place them under guaiduuiship.
Doubtless some needy royal prince, some starv-
ing mnnaich out of business, some benevolent
and pitiful Maximilian iflighthavo been found to
undeitake the business of putting the people un-
der discipline and keeping them out of mischief;
but the men of the Revolution felt no need of such
keepers. Let me add that he who can see, in the
endeavor to abolish and prohibit slavery, a dis-
position to revolutionize the Government and es-
tablish a despotism, must have eyes that can see
horrid shapes of ugliness wheie there is nothing
but perfect beauty, and be haunted by the blackest
night nmid the brightest and most transfiguring
sunshine. Is it love of freedom and desire to es-
tablish justice that subjects nations to despotism >
He is not sane who believes it.
9. It appears to me that in the discussion of
this question of power to amend the Constitution
two things have been confounded that should be
considered sepaiately. One is, whatcan be done
to amtud the Constitution within the limits of
that instrument, while preserving it and along
with it the republican form of government it has
<"Mt.'d; the other is, the right of the people to
change 'the form of their government by setting
aside the present republican Constitution and put-
ting in its pl$ce another constitution entirely dif-
ferent. No man will deny that our national
Constitution requires a republican form of gov-
ernment. Nor can it easily be denied that not
only the preamble but also the whole intent and
spirit of the instrument require all amendments
to be in harmony with republican principles. But
it does not follow that the people of these States
have lost the right to change entirely the form of
their government by means of a new Constitution
regularly adopted. You may call such a change
of the form of government "an amendment of
tlie Constitution" if you will, for in securing it
the same method must be pursued that is required
for the most unimportant change* but you must
admit that it is an amendment "in the natuie of
a substituto."
But let -us consider what is chiefly meant by
the representation that the measure before the
House "changes the form of the Government."
It is quite possible that some gentlemen arc not
yet emancipated from the notion that slavery it-
self is the chief thing in our form of government.
For years the slave power was persistently put
forward as " the Constitution and the laws." Sla-
very and nothing else is meant now, by some gen-
tlemen, when they put on sad countenances and
talk mournfully of " the Constitution as it is and
the Union as it was." It is not surprising that
such people talk as if the form of our Govei nment
would be wrecked and the foundations ol the earth
put out of course li slavery should be swept
away by such an amendment of the national Con-
stitution. But then astonishing monomania does
not change the natui e of th mgs. It cannot ti uni-
form a devil into a seiaph,nor make an outrage-
ous barbarism pass current as Christian civiliza-
tion.
But, in this discussion,the representation that
the measure now under consideration " changes
the fmm of our Government," has chiefly meant
that it denies that theoi y of " State sovereignty"
to which secession treason appeals for justifica-
tion, and which is so pei linaciously urged here by
some gentlemen on the other side of the House.
They as.Mime that this disoiganizin^ theory de-
scribes conectly the form of our Government,
and, of com so, proceed to talk as if the Govern-
ment itself would be wrecked if their theory of
"Slate soveieignty" should fail to regulate the
proceedings of Congress and the people, in then-
view " the form of our Government would be
changed" by any measure that should spurn this
pestilent theory and trample it under foot; a the-
ory that is utteily unwarranted by anything in
the national Constitution or m the history of our
political institutions.
Our national Union was established by the Dec-
laration of Independence. Previous to that Dec-
laration there were no States; there weie only
colonic.-! and dependencies of Great 13i itam. The
Union and the States came into existence together
as a nation. By the Federal Constitution this
national Union was organized, consolidated, and
made more pel feet. This doctt ine of independent
State sovereignty was not tolerated in the consti-
tutional Convention, for the men who contiolli d
that Convention and represented the spirit of the
country meantthattlus Repubhcshould bea great
and inseparable nation. After the national Gov-
ernment was fully organized, and during the ad-
ministration of John Adams, while the country
was agitated by a storm of political excitement, the
factious vehemence of the Opposition gave birth to
tins doctrine, that the national Union is merely a
compact, league, or agency of independent State
soveieignties. 1 tefer, of eouise, to the noloi ions
Kentucky and Viigirua i evolutions of 171)8—01).
1 do not think the men of that time who were con-
cerned in this business undei! tood well what
they did. Ceitainly they d'd not mean all that
has since been meant by the nuihfieis and seces-
sionists.
These resolutions were intended chiefly as par-
tisan devices to break down the Administration.
Not until years afieiwaid was it publicly known
that Mr. Jefferson had any connection with them.
Nevertheless he wrote the lesolutions that weie
adopted by the Kentucky Legislature, it was in-
tended that the same resolutions should be adopted
by the Legislature of Virginia, but the Virginians
hesitated and turned to Mr. Madison for a milder
and more equivocal edition of this gospel of nul-
lification. The political atmosphere being full of
insanity, and Mr. Jefferson's influence very press-
ing, he complied. It was a compliance which he
did not afterward remember with satisfaction.
The ostensible purpose of these resolutions was
to array " State sovereignty" against certain acts
of Congress. With all the impressive formalities
that seemed desirable they were sent forth to every
State m the Union. And what was the result? 2
What judgment did the nation pass upon the doc-
trines set forth in them? Not another State in the
Union would indorse the resolutions. The gen-
eral judgment was briefly and tersely expressed
by the State of Delaware as follows:
ii Resolved, hy the Senate and of ReprcsentativesoJ
the Stale of Delaware,in General Assembly met, That they
consider the resolutions from the State of Viiguua as a
very ut)jiihUfijl lo mteiforcnee with the General Govern-
ment and constituted authorities of the [Tinted States,and
ot dangerous tendency, and therefore not fit subject forfur-
thei consideiation by the Genera! Assembly."
This judgment of the whole nation against the
pernicious and destructive doctrine of independ-
ent State sovereignty, passed, too, within eight
years after the Constitution was adopted, shows
conclusively how contrary that doctrine was to
the political doctrines and purposes of the men
who established the Government. No political
party at that time, nor for fifty years afterward,
could be induced to indorse those resolutions.
Mr. Jefferson himself made no further use of
them. In fact, no Administration has inter-
preted the Constitution more loosely, or shown
icss deference to the doctrines of the resolutions
of 171)6 and 1799, than Mr. JefTei sou's. His aim
was accomplished; the old Federal party was
overthrown; for the next twenty-four years we
had for Presidents, first Jefferson,next Madison,
and then Monroe, all Virginians. The resolu-
tions of 1793 and 1799 were laid away quietly,
shielded from much of the infamy that would
have been their lot under different circumstances,
and henceforth were heard of only now and then
when some curious explorer in the dust-holes of
past political history spoke of them civilly as
" Virginia abstractions."
Mr. Madison, as 1 have said, was never afterward
cpiite etease in regard to these resolutions. When
Mr. Calhoun and his followers brought them
forth again to justify their attempt to overthrow
the Government by means of nullification, Mr.
Madison protested, and denied with great earnest-
ness that the Virginia resolutions had any such
meaning as the Calhounists found in them. His
private correspondence of that date is full of ref-
erences to this subject. But the letter of the res-
olutions was evidently against him; and, feeling
this, he said in a letter to William C. Rives, dated
Mai eh 12, 1833:
" A!owWi)k1<, with prophetic irift,mighthnve prevented
nnn.il enot m the glossc* on those proceedings."
Wntmg to Martin Van Ruren, March 13,1827,
on " the Georgia business," he said:
u!f it be underwood that our political system contains
no pioviNion^ tor deciding questions between the Union
and us inembeis but that of negotiation, and, tins (ailing,
hut that o( war, as between vpatate and independent
Powers, no tune ousj.U to he lo-t in supplying, by some
mode or oihei, the awful omission. What has been called
a Government is>, on that supposition, a mere league only ;
a lej.nn' with too many paities to be uniformly observed or
effectively maintained.55
Wuting to James Robertson, April 20,1831, he
said:
•'That the people of (he United States formed the Con-
stifuuon will be derm d or aiiirmed, acconlmg to the sfinse
m winch the explosion us understood. The main question,
is whether they have not given to the Chartet a .sanction in
a eapaeuy and a mode that shuts the door against ail such
disuniting and nullifying doctrines as those lately ad-
vanced.'''
Writing to William C. Hives, March 12, 1833,
Mr. Madison said:
" What can be more preposterous than to say that the
United State:*, as muted, art: in no i"spect or degree a na-
tion whieu implies a sovereignty; although acknowledged
to bo Mich by all other nation* and >oveieigns, and main-
taining with then all llie international relations of wai and
peace, treaties, comnieiee, &e.; and, on the other hand,
and at the >:irne tunc, to t-ay that the States sepaiately arc
completely nations and sovcieigus, although they can sep-
aiately neither speak nor heaiken tp any other nation, nor
maimam with if any of the international relations what-
ever; and would be disowned as nations lfpresentingthem-
in that clruaeti'i
In calling attention to these passages in the pri-
vate correspondence of Mr. Madison, my aim is
