1082
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
The first section of the bill, which was read,
provides that during the existing rebellion or
until the authority of the United States shall have
been completely restored in the Slate of Texas,
the commercial Agent or consul of the United
States at Matamoras, in Mexico, shall, pursuant
to such instructions as may be given him by the
Secretary of State, be authorized to charge one
cent per pound upon all cotton, wool, and dry
hides, and two cents upon all pecan nuts intended
for shipment to any port ot the United States;
provided that the said commercial agent or consul
shall be satisfied that such merchandise is the
product of any State or Territory in rebellion
against the United States.
The second section authorizes the said com-
mercial agent or consul, under such instructions as
may be given him by the Secretary of State, to
apply the proceeds of such charge, or so much
thereof as may be necessary, to the relief of indi-
gent loyal citizens of the United States at Mata-
moras, refugees from the State of Texas.
The third section authorizes such commercial
agent or consul to retain for his own expenses
and servicestfhe residue of the fund so collected,
provided that the same, together with the com-
pensation now allowed him by law, shall be no
more than at the rate of $3,000 per anmum for
such expenses and services; provided that all
amounts of moneys remaining in the hands of
such commercial agent or consul not applied under
fhe provisions of this bill shall be paid into the
Treasury of the United States.
Mr. MALLORY. Do I understand that the
bill authorizes an export duty upon those articles ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Not exactly
that.
Mr. MALLORY. Is it in the shape of a duty
collected on all articles exported ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Exported
from Matamoras and Mexico. If thegentieman
will hear the letter of our late minister to Mexico
read, and also the letter of the Secretary of State,
I think he will be satisfied.
Mr. MALLORY. I desire to ask the gentle-
man where he gets the authority to authonzeour
consular agent at Matamoras, which is a foreign
port, to levy a duty upon merchandise exported
from that port?
Mr. WASHBORNE, of Illinois. It is before
he gives permission to have it shipped.
Mr. BROOKS. Is it not against our treaty
with Mexico?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, I think not.
I ask the Clerk to read Mr. Corwin's letter.
The CJerk read, as follows :
Washingtox Citt, February 11, 1865. .
Sir; Some days ago I spoke to your assistant about the
fituaiion of our commercial agent at Matamoras. Hun-
dreds, nay thousands of loyal families are driven from
Ttxas to Matamoras. Our consul at that place is obliged
to take care of them. Mr. Fierce not long since sent a cUum
of about twelve hundred dollars, sustained by very ei od
vouchers, money expended last year in tins way. From
what I saw in Mexico X wonder it is not more.
I think as rebellion in Texas brings this expense on our
Government f would make the products of that State loot
the bill. That can only be done by giving the commercial
agent power to charge fees on cotton coming from Texas,
and other articles, whereby a fund can be raised to pay for
the expenses attending the care of loyal people driven by
rebellion from that State, and also pay the agent for those
extra services.
I bend herewith a rough draft of a bill, with a statement
of the necessary outlay of any one who acts for us there.
1 he lately appointed agent, Mr. Wood, 1 hear is a very hon-
est man. It this law is not passed he will not stay there
three months.
The bearer of this, Mr. Lount, has resided in Matamoras,
and can explain fully the Mtumion nf affairs there.
Very respectfully, THOMAS CORWIN.
Hon. VV. ii. Seward.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now ask
the Clerk to read the letter of the Secretary of State.
The Cierk read , as follows:
Departxekt or State,
Washington, February 15,1865.
'lave t'lp 'lonor to inclose a copy of a letter of
the ilth instant, addressed to tins Department by Hon.
ihonias Corwin, late United States minister at Mexico,
suggesting the expediency of providing the commercial
agent at Matamoras with means to relieve loyal refugees
(rum 1 cxas. Adraft ot a bill lor the purpose accompanies
Mr, Corwin s letter. If the committee should think lavor-
ably of the proposition, it is recommended tltat the lull be
brought before Congress, with a view to its sanction by act
or joint resolution. '
I liave the honor to be, sir. your obedient servant
WILLIAM H. SEWARD.
Hon. E. C. VVasiieuu.se, Chairman of the CammiUet on
Commerce, Home of Representative?.
Mr. BROOKS. I have not had time to look
at the treaty of Guadalotipe Hidalgo and our pre-
ceding treaties with Mexico, but it strikes me that
such a discrimination as is here proposed is in
directconflict with till those treaties. If not, how
is the consul to distinguish between Mexican
products and those of the rebel States? 1 wish
that we should proceed with caution, because it
is not Mexico that we are dealing with here, but
Prance in point of fact. It is necessary, there-
fore, that we should go slowly and be sure of our
8tep&.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The Com-
mittee on Commerce had before them Mr. Corwin
in relation to another matter, and he brought this
subject to their attention. He said that while he
was our minister in Mexico a great many refu-
gees from Texas made their way to him, and
that they were in a most deplorable condition,
starved, and almost naked, and something had to
be done for them or else they would be starved to
death. These men had been driven from Texas
because of their loyalty and devotion to the flag
of the country. Mr. Corwin said that he would
£o himself to the Secretary of State and explain
the matter to him, and get the Secretary of State
to address a letter on the subjectto the Committee
on Commerce. The Secretary of State has ad-
dressed such a letter to the Committee on Com-
merce, which has been read, and has prepared
the bill which has been inttoduced here. I do not
see any particular objection to that bill. If there
be any objection the House can vote it down. It
is a matter in which I feel no interest.
Mr. BROOKS. I suppose we all concur in
what the gentleman says in reference to these
Texan refugees, but the important question is
this, can we do these these things under the ex-
isting treaties? I do not think the House should
act precipitately upon this subject.
Mr. MORRILL. I suggest to the gentleman
from Illinois that he postpone this measure for a
day or two.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will do so
with great pleasure. I have simply made a state-
ment of the effect of this bill. The House can
act upon it as they see fit. 1 am willing that it
shall be postponed.
Mr. TOWNSE>ND. I think that this is rather
an insidious measure, and lhat the House had
better act upon it at once. This matter is to be left
under the control of one man.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
hear everything that can be said for or against the
bill, but 1 will move that it be postponed until
Tuesday next after the morning hour. No mem-
ber of the Committee on Commerce wants to press
it here against the judgment of the House.
The motion to postpone Was agreed to.
B. C. BAILEY.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the
Committee on Commerce, reported back ad-
versely the bill (S. No. 48) for the relief of B. C.
Bailey; which was laid on the table.
STEAMBOAT MAGNET.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the same
comrnittee, also reported back adversely a bill
(S. No. 322) to change the name of the steamboat
Magnet, of Buffalo, to Home; which was laid on
the table.
Mr. W ASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the votes by which the two fore"oin<*
bills were laid on the table; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DISTRICT OF SALEM AND BEVERLY.
Mr. ELIOT,'•from the same committee, re-
ported an act concerning the collection district of
Salem and Beverly; which was read a first and
second time.
The first section abolishes the office of naval
officer for the district of Salem and Beverly in
the State of Massachusetts. The second section
abolishes the office of surveyor of said district, to
reside at Beverly. The third section fixes the
salary of surveyor of said district hereafter at
$400 per annum.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr, ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote by j
|i which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
' the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADMEASUREMENT OK VESSELS.
Mr. ELIOT,from the same committee, also re-
ported a bill to amend an act entitled " An act to
regulate the admeasurement of tonnage of ships
and vessels of the United States,"approved May
4, 1864; which was read a first and sccond time.
The bill provides that the act referred to shall
be so construed lhat no part of any ship or ves-
sel shall be admeasured or registered for tonnage
that is used for cabins or state-rooms, and con-
structed entirely above the first deck, which is
not a deck to the hull.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suppose that this bill en-
tirely relieves the steamboats on the western
waters from the effects of the admeasurement act.
Mr. ELIOT. It is intended to relieve thera.
That is the object.
Mr. HOLMAN. I supposed that was the
design of the bill.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, itwasaccord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill,was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. ELIOT, from the same committee, re-
ported the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Retoteed, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to communicate to this House at the next session of Con-
sress the operation of the act of May 6, 1864, to regulate
the admeasurement of tonnage of ships and vessels, as shall
exhibit, first, the effect of said act on the amount of regis-
tered tonnage, distinguishing between sailing vessels and
others; second, the expediency of any modification for per-
fecting said act; and to indicate such additional legislation
as the coinineice and tonnage of the United States may
render ptoper in order to provide a just and uniform ad-
measurement applicable to steamers and sailing vessels.
''V/ COLLECTION OF DUTIES.
Mr. ELIOT, from the same committee, also
reported back, with amendments, an act (H. R.
No. 690) to revive certain provisions of the act en-
titled " An act further to provide forthe collection
of duties on imports and tonnage," approved
March 2, 1815, and for other purposes, the ques-
tion being on ordeiing the bill to be engrossed and
read the third time.
The first section enacts that the first sentenca
of the second section of the act referred to, " that
it shall be lawful for any collector, naval officer,
surveyor, or inspector of the customs, as well in
any adjoining district as that to which he belongs,
to stop, search, and examine any carriage or ve-
hicle, of any kind whatsoever, and to stop any
person traveling on foot, or beast of burden, on
which he shall suspect there are goods, wares, or
merchandise which are subject to duty, or which
shall have been introduced into the United States
in any mannercontrary to law; and if such officer
shall stop any goods, wares, or merchandise on
any such carriage, vehicle, person tiaveling on
foot, or beast of burden, which heshall have prob-
able cause to believe are subject to duty, or hava
been unlawfully introduced into the United States,
he shall seize and secure the same for trial," shall
be revived and made perpetual; and declares that
every such beast of burden, carriage, or vehicle,
together with the teams or other motive power,
and all the appurtenances used iri conveying such
goods, wares, or merchandise, shall be subject to
seizure and forfeiture in like manner as is by law
now provided in regard to such goods, wares,ajid
merchandise; and all fines, penalties, and forfeit-
ures recovered under this act, or in consequence
of such seizures, shall be disposed of as is pro-
vided in other cases by the ninety-first section of
the act entitled "An act to regulate the collection
of duties on imports and tonnage," approved
March 2, 1799; and repeals the last proviso of
said ninety-first section.
The second section extends the power and au-
thority given to collectors, rtayal officers, and sur-
veyors, by the sixty-eighth section of the said
last-mentioned act, to inspectors of the customs;
and authorizes any officer or other person entitled
to or interested in a part or share of any finei
penalty, or forfeiture, incurred under this or any
other law of the United States, to be examined
aa a witness in any of the ptoceedings for the
