1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
267
to show how completely he, the writer of the Vir-
ginia resolutions, repudiated the doctrines of the
Calhounists, modern secessionists, and other
advocates of independent State sovereignty, who
have appealed to those resolutions, the old utter-
ances of partisan monomania, as if they contained
a very sacred political gospel. The founders of
our Government intended that the great American
Republic should be a nation,a sovereign Power,
w.ith light to defend its own existence by what-
ever means may be necessary, and to stand forth
among the nations of the earth mighty and glo-
rious in the power of free principles and free men,
able to crush with irresistible force all enemies
domestic or foreign. .Nothing was further from
their intention pr their favor than this doctrine of
State sovereignty which transforms the national
Union into a loose league, with no ccntial au-
thority to enforce allegiance and assert national
sovereignty, a mere sham, a structure that may
fall to pieces at a word from any of the parties
to it.
Mr. Speaker, if we have learned anything from
the sad experience of the last three or four years,
it is that slavery should be destroyed in this Re-
public,and by an amendment of the national Con-
stitution be' forbidden, and made for evermore
impossible wherever the national bannei floats as
the symbol of our national sovereignty. Why
should slavery be so strenuously supported at the
present time ? It is an outlaw to civilization; and
this southern treason has now made it an outlaw
to the Government, to patriotism, and to all
honest regard for the welfare of the nation. The
slave power has bred traitors as naturally as foul
vapors breed disease, or as a den of thieves breeds
villainy. Any compromise with it would neces-
sarily become to us " tlie mother of woe, and
death, and hell." Let it be destroyed, fur our re-
publican institutions cannot be safe while it exists !
Let it be destroyed that the rights of man may i
be vindicated and eternal justice satisfied.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin, obtained the floor,
but yielded to
Mr. HiGHY, who moved that the House do
now adjourn.
UECIPItOCITY TREATY.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the gen-
tleman from California [Mr. Higby] withdraw
the motion to adjourn, to allow me to call up the
amendment of the Senate to the resolution term-
inating the reciprocity treaty?
Mr. MIGHY. I withdraw the motion for that
purpose.
Mr. WASHBTJRNR, of Illinois. I ask unan-
imous consent of the House to take up the Sen-
ate amendment to joint resolution (II. It. No..
56) authorizing the President of the United States
to give to the Government of Great Britain the
notice required for the termination of the reci-
procity treaty of the 5th of June, 1854. I un-
derstand the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Townsekd] withdraws the objection he made
some time ago.
Mr. WARD. I object, unless I can have an j
opportunity to move to refer the joint, resolution I
and amendment to the Committee on Commeice. j
The SPEAKER. It will not be in oider to |
submit muJi amotion until tin; joint icsolution (
and amendment aie tak *n from the Speaker5;! :
tah|i>. j
Mr. WARD. It will bo in order to submit that
motion as soon as it is taken up? j
The SPEAKER. It will be in order, unless i
the previous rpiohtion shall bo ordered. j
Mr, WASMBCJRN15, of Illinois. I will not j
call the previoi's qu< stiou before giving the gen- i
tleman fiom New York [Mr. Ward] an oppor- i
tunity to s>u 1 >11111 his motion to refer. j
Mr. WARD. I must insist upon my objection j
at this time because the House is not now full. 1 1
do not wish a question of such gravity to be do- !
cided in a thin House. Bur when the House meets ,
on Monday I will not object to its consideration. I
Mr. W A o IJI j U R N E, of Illinois. Then! ask !
unanimous fuiiai nt that it be understood that this !
shall bo taken up on Monday and consideied. 1
The SPEAKER, it is hardly competent for ■
the House at this time to determine, even by unan- !
imous consent, wlu.t shall be done on Monday; '
foi an objection will then hold against the consid-
eration of this join t resolution and amendmentas
at this tune. The lloiuc, by unanimous eon.';en t,
can take it up at this time and make itthe special
order for Monday at one o'clock.
Mr. WASHBuRNE, of Illinois. I will agree
to that.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I object.
On motion of Mr. lilGBY, (at four o'clock,
p. m.j) the House adjourned till Monday next.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January J6,1865.
Prayer by Rev. B. H.Nadal, D. D., of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Interior com-
municating, in obedience to law,a statement pre-
pared by the Second Comptrollorof the Treasury,
showing the balance of appropriations standing
upon the books of his office to the credit of his
Department on the 1st of July, 1863; the amounts
appropriated for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1864, including repayments and transfers of ap-
propriations, and the aggregate amounts appli-
cable to the service of the said fiscal year; also the
amounts drawn from said appropriations, or car-
ried to the surplus fund from July 1,1863, to June
30,1864, and the balance remaining in the Treas-
ury at the last named date; which was laid on
the table.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of the Interior communicating, invan-
swer to a resolution of the Senate of the 6th in-
stant, infoi mation in relation to agents in the em-
ployment of the Government for paying pensions;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions,
and oulered to be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr MORGAN presented the petition of Janes,
Fowler, Kutland & Co., contractors to furnish
materials and labor for the construction of the
dome of the Capitol, praying for additional com-
pensation on their contract; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. GRIMES presented the petition of Charles
Murray, paymaster United States Navy, pray-
ing for additional compensation while paymaster
at the naval station at Mare Island, California;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
A (Taivs.
Mr. SHERMAN presented the petition of
William Hughes, praying for compensation for
the improvement of the grounds suriounding
Armory Squate Hospital: winch was referred to
the Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
He also presented the petition of the local
boaui of steamboat inspectors on the western
rivers, piaying tor an increase of compensation;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented amemonai of citizens of the
city of Sandusky, Ohio, praying for the estab-
lishment of a naval depot on Johnson's island,
in Sandusky bay; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Allans.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of mer-
chants of Boston, praying for the postponement
of the bankrupt bill now under consideration until
fcio h tune shall have (lapsed after the restoration
of the revoked States as shall give northern cred-
itors opportunity to negotiate with their debtois
in those Sfnf<s tor the adjustment of their claims;
which was leierredto the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
He also presented the petition of officers in the
volunteer seivice of the United States, praying for
an increase of the pay of officers; winch was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Mihtio. j
Mr. CHANDLER presented the petition of I
citizens of Mcco.ita county, Michigan, piaying |
for an appropriation for the improvement'of the 1
ehnnnel or Aluskegon hnrbor; which was referred ,
to the Committee on Commerce. |
lie also presented the petition of citizens of '
Port Huron, in the State of Michigan, piayii'g for ,
an amendment of the law providing for internal t
revenue so iai as it relates to a tax on tiie gross
receipts of ships and vessJs; which was referred 1
to the Committee on Finance.
Air. CONNKSr^ piesented the petition of Sam-
ite;! N o) i i. . ul Call! urn ai, praying for payment lor 1
supplies furnished £o the Indians in the year 1851
under contracts with Mr. Wozencraft, Indian
agent; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr. DAVIS presented the petition of Mary
Scott, praying to be indemnified for damages sus-
tained by her by reason of the occupation of her
land by the Federal forces, and the loss of stock
and crops in the yeais 1861 and 1862, which she
alleges were taken by the Federal forces; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
TR33ATMKNT OF PRISONERS OF WAIt.'
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. 1 desire to presenta
memorial from a great number of the most re-
spectable citizens of Fort Wayne, in the State of
Indiana; and in makinga motion to refer it to the
Committee on Military Affairs I propose to ex-
plain as briefly as possible my position in refer-
ence to the piayer of the memorialists. The me-
morial is to tins effect:
To the Honorable Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States m Congress assembled:
We, the undesigned citizens of Fort Wayne, Allen
countj, and Slate ot Indiana, would respectfully request
yoiu lionoiiible body to pas-s a law, with as Utile delay as
possible, to place all ot the rebel priwrneis now in our
hand* undei the oontiol of those olfiuci-s and men who
have been in rebel liamN, ami that the same .rations and
iieatment he extended to the lehe) piisoiiers that our men
have expet leneed at their hands; and that the same be con-
tinued until the rebels exchange all of our men in their
hands, or neat tin in with that degree of humanity that the
mles of war icquiie. And for which your petitioners will
ever pray.
It is made my duty, at the request of these con-
stituents of mine, to present this memorial,and in
domgso I desire'to state that my own sympathies
and feelings are m exact accordance with the
prayer of the memorialists.
Air. WADE. If the Senator will permit me,
I will offer now a resolution that I have drawn
up on that very subject, so that he may make his
remarks upon it.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Certainly; the inter-
ruption is very appropriate.
Air. WADE. 1 send to the desk a resolution
on the subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution will
be received at this time, if there be no objection.
The Chair hears none.
The Secretary read the following; resolution:
Resolved by the Senate anil House of Representatives in
Confess assembled, That lion* and iifter the pas-age of
litest; ie-<o)unon-* .ill piiMMer*, both officeis ,nid --ohheis,
of the conlederaej, :m> called, who aie now or -shall be in
the powei, coniiol, and keepu.u ot the Fedeuil (Jovui nment,
-•hall teei ive the .-amo interns, the ^une amount of cloth-
ing, and lie t-nbjcji to the -aine tieatiuent m oveiy respect
as Federal pu.oneisol wai, both others and sohliei^, who
are now or have been in the power, eontiol, and keeping
of the conicdeiate government, so ealh'd, have lect i\ed.
^c<". -2 J ndhe it jurtker icsohed, Tb.U when it shall
he proved to the KitMaction ot the I'lc-.uientot the United
State* tiiar the eoniederaey have changed their tieannent
ot'Federal pi i.-oiut^ im butter or foi woj*c, it --hall be his
duty to change the tieatment of confederate pusoners in
like manner.
Sec. *>'.hid be it further resulted, That ifany officer or
officers having such prisoner or pus-oner* in charm1 shall
tail lo comply with and rigidly eany out the piovu-ions of
tin* fore'^oin^ lesoluuon^, *uch officer or othcct«i s-o offend-
ing hall be immediately dis-nu-&ed the s-eiviee and subject
to Mich fuither puni-lnnent as a court-martial bhall in their
dwietion see fit to inlliet.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I am under obliga-
tions to the distinguished Senator from Ohio for
the introduction of these resolutions, that will, if
passed, effect one of the objects contemplated by
the memorial, but will leave untouched another
object, as I think, equally important with the
illst, and that is, that the custody of thc^o rebel
piisoners shall be placed in the hands of Union
officers who hate been released from rebel pris-
ons; who know precisely the treatment they re-
ceived and the intions they ^ot; and it seems to
me the whole object contemplated by the memo-
rial cannot be effected without the incorporation
of that pi inciple in the i evolutions, though I shall
ccrtamiy v- tr for them as now presented if they
ho not am-nidi d. I speak, Mr. Pi esjkh-nf, for those
who hav.: no voice to sp"ak fi.r themselves. I
speak for your btave soidnu-boys in rebel pris-
ons, languishing, undergoing uncomplaining and
silent yet certain martyrdom for the pre at cause
m which v:e rue engaged; m< n Vvho are haunted
by day with the terrible specter of death from
starvation, and whose uneasy rtp.ose at night is
imen up ted by the same glim ana tei i ihjc specter.
Tliv attention of the whuhM,oiuiti y hah been called
lo the bai bariticti and alroeitic.J perpcti a ted against
