1034
THE CONGRESSIONAL, GLOBE.
February 23,
CCSTOM-UOCSE FEES.
Mr. LONGYEAR., from the Committee on
Commerce, reported back House bill No. 730, to
regulate the fees of custom-house officers 011 the
northern, northeastern, and northwestern front-
iers of the TJ'n i ted States.
The bill was read.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not understand thntthe
bill taxes tonnage. I see that it is confined to
the lakes. ,
Mr. LONG-YEAR. It is to create uniformity
in fees collected on the northern, northeastern,
and northwestern frontiers.
Mr. STEVENS. It does not levy tonnage
duties?
Mr. LONGYEAR. It does not.
Mr. GANSON. How much does it increase
the fees ? *
Mr. LONGYEAR. There is no increase, but
in some instances there is a decrease. It is to
make the fees more uniform.
Mr. GANSON. Is it made uniform up or
down?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It strikes a
general average.
Mr. LONGYEAR. Mr. Speaker, the object
of the biil is twofold. The first is to render uni-
formity in the fees of custom-house officers upon
the northern, northeastern, and northwestern
frontiers; and the second is to remedy an evil in
reference to the fees for entrance and clearance of
foreign vessels. By section four of the act of 1831
these duties were in fact abolished. That sec-
tion four was repealed at the last session of Con-
gress,and it Ieftageneral provision to apply. It
was found that that provision has been differently
construed on different parts of the northern, north-
eastern,and northwestern frontiers. The object
of the bill is to create uniformity in this respect.
Another difficulty was in regard to fees for en-
trance and clearance of foreign vessels. It was
found that on the lakes and rivers, especially on
the Detroit river, where steamboats touch half the
time in Canada and half the time in the United
States, they were compelled to pay these enor-
mous duties. We remedy that.
The only new legislation in the bill is the last
clause, which provides that there shall be paid for
u certificate setting1 forth the names of the own-
ers of a vessel, with their respective interest, and
also the material facts of any existing bill of sale,
mortgage, hypothecation, or other incumbrance,
the date and amount of such incumbrance, and
the parties thereto, one dollar; provided, no bill
of sale, mortgage, hypothecation, conveyance, or i
discharge of mortgage or other incumbrance of
any vessel, shall be recorded unless the same is
duly acknowledged before a notary public or other
officer authorized to take acknowledgments of
deeds.
I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was oidered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. LONGYEAR moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
IMMIGRATION.
Mr, WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask unani-
mous consent to report buck from the committee
on immigration House bill No. 746, to amend the
act entitled " An act to encourage immigration,"
approved July 4, 1864, and the act entitled "An
act to regulate the carnage of passengers in steam-
ships and other vessels," approved March 3,
1855, and for other purposes.
Mr. COX. This is a very long bill, and I do
not wish to have it read. If the gentleman from
Illinois will explain its object I have no objection.
Mr. BROOKS. I object to action upon that
bill now.
The SPEAKER. Then the bill is not before
the House.
ENROLLMENT BILL.
Mr. SCHENCK. I call for the regular order
of business.
1 he fePli*AIvER. The regular ni*der of busi-
ness is the consideration of the bill of the House
(No. 678) to amend the actWitled </A n act further
to regulate and provide for obeen/oiling and call-
ing out the national forces,Vi/a for other pur-
poses," approved July 4,186fltnd the otheracts
relating to enrollment and draft, made a special
order undera suspension of the rules. The pend-
ing question is on the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Blaine] to the sec-
ond section.
Mr. BLAINE. In order to meet objections
made the other day to my amendment I desire to
modify it so that it may meet general acceptance.
I modify the amendment so that it shall read:
Provided, That in any call for troop* no county, town,
townslnp, ward, precinct, or election district, *hail have
credit except for men actually furnished on said call oi a
preceding call by said coumy, town, townslnp, ward, pre-
cinct, or election darnel, and mustered into the mihtaty
or naval service on the quota thereof.
Mr. CHANLER. This, as I understand it, is
an amendment to the second section, which re-
lates to the question of quotas. Now, I wish to
draw the attention of the House to that matter,
and to the existing confusion which is consequent
upon it in every distuct in the country. The
whole military system has been thrown into con-
fusion by the way those quotas have been dis-
tributed, and it is a question whether the trouble
winch will follow this effort may not be ruinous
and fatal to the military organization of the coun-
try. Tliere have been here from different sections
of the country legislative committees seeking for
a fair adjustmentof these quotas. The matteris
m a perfectsnarl,and the Provost Marshal Gen-
eral seems to be in a muddle, and a fair adjust-
mentof the draft is impossible under the existing
system. From time to time I have endeavored
to secure, through the action of this House, full
and satisfactory information relative to the as-
signment of these quotas and the basis upon
whLh they are made, but I have been unabie to
accomplish my purpose.
Now, sir, I am opposed to having any amend-
ment made here ill ignorance and without suffi-
cient and full information before this body. I
have no doubt that the gentleman who has charge
of this bill is perfectly sincere and honest in hi3
efforts. I do not impute to him or to any other
member who is acting 111 defense of this bill, or
to those who, 111 an official capacity,are trying to
carry out the law of Congress,anything but fair
motives. My ob ject is not, as some gentlemen
would have the House believe, to oppose this
bill on all occasions. I am opposed to the bill,
but 1 am ready to modify my action upon full
and just information given by the Department so
that we can act understandingly.
This section should be amended so as to meet
two difficulties which arise under it. The par-
ties having no residence are, as I understand it,
aliens or freedmen. Now, sir, there exists in the
Army to-day a great source of weakness, and a
great depreciation of the value and dignity of your
soldiers. By the introduction of aliens into the
Army you have depreciated the value of your
volunteers. And then you degrade the Ameri-
can soldier by placing him side by side with the
slave just set free, men without historical associ-
ation,and up to that time without rights. Now,
sir, I maintain that such a policy is bad, and that
this section is inherently bad from that stand-
point.
A substitute is aluxury of the rich. The draft
must fall, like death and taxation, at last on the
poor man. By the enrollment act we have called
out a gigantic standing Army; butforsomecau.se,
only known at the War Office, if even known theie,
it has never been consolidated and organized into
a thorough and harmonious force. We have made
"I will" wait upon "1 would." We have de-
layed so longanjl changed so often thatimpiove-
ment of this law seems impossible. The Ad-
ministration raised troops and money too easily
to stop and think on consequences. As if not
content with the evils we had, our discreet rulers
flew to those they knew not of. We bought and
bribed the slave from his master and turned him
into a military machine, commanded by officers
holding commissions directly from the President,
and then we put these colored troops by that
course next in rank to the regulars, reducing the
white volunteer force to a third rank, and the
doomed conscripts to a fourth rank in the service.
We raised the negro to an equality with the while
by statute, but put the white below the negro in
arms. It was degradation to the white r^ceno
put arms into the hands of !h<; negro, but it is
putting the ruling race beneath degradation to sub-
ordinate them to the black Ireednian. The result
has become apparent in the difficulty of filling the
quotas, when the regular Army recruiting officer
comes in competition with the volunteer recruit-
ing committee. The enlistments are more in favor
of the regular Army recruiting offices and the col-
ored troops, notwithstanding the smaller bounty
offered by the Government. The white substi-
tute is being driven from the Army by the lower-
priced negro, invited to take his place in the van
in the onward march to glory.
Thus far the effect has only been seen in the
volunteer force. But if this war continues much
longer and the black man is the hero Home members
claim that he is, the same result must eventually
follow in the regular Army. The rapid changes
of revolution, the demand for labor, the scarcity
of money, or rather the excessive expansion ofthe
currency, the demand for troops to supply the
waste of war and disease, the cheapness of the
black compared with the white soldier, must lend
to increase the enlistment of colored troops, anil
finally will force this Administration or its suc-
cessors to hold its own ot. the back of an Army
of freedmen. The standing Army will then, in-
deed, be compact and serviceable for the most
despotic uses. Servile in its nature, it will be-
come the ready tool of tyranny, as soon as the
future military dictator,for whom all these thihgs
seem to have been prepared, shall summon the
people of this Union to surrender to his genius
and his arms.
Further than this, owing to the same causes
just enumerated, suppose the Army be recruited,
not from the negro, but from the foreign substi-
tute just landed on our shores, brave, hardy, full
of ad venture, with the world before him, and no
cares or kin to check his onward course of fear-
less enterprise. How long will he remain a mere
soldier in our ranks ? What does lie know of or
care for the Constitution, or the time-honored in-
stitutions of any State, or of the Union? He will
exclaim, "The world is my field and its wealth
my prize."
In a collision with Europe, should such occur,
having driven the American citizen from our
Army by underbidding him, having cut off all
sympathy of the great mass of the people with
this Government by trampling on their most
sacred and most cherished rights, how do you
calculate to again arouse tire volunteer .-.pint 111
the nation r We have insulted a free and coura-
geous people by tins conscription. We reduce
the volunteer to a mercenary by the bounty. We
have depreciated the alien mercenary by enrolling
the slave, and the slave has degraded the career
of the soldier. Such is the promise held out by
our present policy for the future condition of the
Army when the existing force of veterans is dis-
banded or destroyed.
Again, the policy pursued invites either,first, a
collision between the white and black races, with
banishment or annihilation of the latter; or, sec-
ond, a surrender ofthe bayonet to the black man
while the white race holds the swoid. This ex-
periment has been tried by England 111 India, we
know with what fearful consequ'-nces, It lias
been practically the system in Mexico until the
Spanish Creoles were all officers, and the private
soldiers of a feeble, mixed race, forming an army
weak m time of war, and turbulent and merce-
nary in time of peace. The bayonets and artil-
lery of France, wielded by Frenchmen, com-
manded by Frenchmen, will soon fix the fate of
that military organization.
Tiie tendency of the policy of putting one race
over another is to make the officer despise his
men and the men hate their officers. Bonaparte
crushed the power of the old French nobility in
the armies of France at a single blow when he
declared that every soldier of the great nation car-
ried the baton of a marshal of France in his knap-
sack. Can we bestow such a boon on the private
soldiers in our armies as no.w constituted ? Have
you not, in fact, established a military aristocracy
in the heart of our Army ? We exclude the black
recruit from the honors of his career, and de-
clare he shall die that another may attain them.
Sir, the policy of the Administration is logically
driving the Army to discord ami revolt. The
paiiy in po wci must take one horn of the dilemma
