1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2m
humanity. Why, sir, if that renegade from the
southern confederacy was taken by us, we ought
to take his life ignominiously; he should hung the
next hour; and yet if he gets back there, and they
do him justice, we are going to sacrifice four of
the rebel leaders in retaliation !
Mr. CLARK. We ought Xo hang them our-
selves.
Mr. WADE. I do not care how many of them
you hang; but I would not hang a dog in such a
cause asuiat. [Laughter.]
But, sir, to return to the subject. I rejoice to
find that my friend from Indiana is stirred up, and
that 1 shall have his powerful aid to get through
these resolutions. 1 like his suggestion also in
regard to the treatment of these prisoners being
placed m the hands of ihose of our men who have
suffered in southern prisons; and if it had occurred
to me my resolutions would have been more per-
fect than they are. I hope that he will offer an
amendment that these prisoners shall be placed
under the charge and custody of the officers and
men who have served in the rebel prisons, and
who know exactly what meed of retaliation they
deserve. I hope they will be so amended; and I
shall accept such a modification if the gentleman
will oiler it, and I hope lie will.
1 hope, sir, that this resolution will not bo suf-
feied to pass from our hands until we have passed
it so far as we can do so into a law. We have
waited long enough, yea, too long, and before the
world and before our own consciences we cannot
justify the lenity we have already bestowed upon
these rebels. Why, sir, in their report the com-
mittee on the conduct of the war were compelled
to announce that tins system of starvation and
exposme was a deliberate, premeditated principle
of the rebels, adopted to kill otF and destioy and
render unfit for military service every man that
fell into their hands. The evidence warranted us
in saying so. We could come to no other con-
clusion. Such is the accursed fact that will stand
{\nd stare this so-called southern confederacy in
the (ace to the end of time; a deliberate purpose by
biutality, inhumanity, exposure, and starvation
to destroy the manhood of the xinfortinuite biave
men win- happened to fail into their hands as pris-
onei s of war fur the base and accursed purpose of
rendering them unfit for military service. We
announced it; nobody denied it; and yet, to our
shame and the shame of the country be it spoken,
nothing has been done. We lack spirit; we lack
sympathy with our have soldiers in the field.
Everything demands immediate action on that
subject. Let us retrace our steps; let us, so far
as we can, redeem tiie time, and let nolan hour
pass unhi the means of retaliation aie adopted.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not use to piottaclthc
discussion, but Mmply to call the attention of t ho
Senate to the piesent state of the subject before
this body. During the last session, when it was
before us in some form—I do not now recollect
what—I expressed a disposition myself to bung
in a measure the object of which was to resent to
the rule of retaliation for the purpose of restrain-
ing the insui gents hencefoi til from the practice of
such bai ban ties u pon our prisoners m thui hands;
but on further consideration of the subject, and
on consulting with my friends about it, \ thought
it best to let it pass by for the present, but always
in the hope thatthe Executiveofthe United States,
as the head of the mjlitai y authority of the United
States, would take it into his hands promptly and .
appiy such remedy as ihe inles of win suggest.
I have always entertained that hope, and I have
not dismissed it yet, although 1 confess tli.it i do
feel a little disappointed that no step whatever j
has been taken to pum.-h the atrocious \ioiutions !
ol the laws of war practiced upon our priaoncis ;
in the hands of the insurgents. j
It is, sir, a delicate subject. The rule of ictali- I
ation is one well recognized in the laws of war, i
but in modern times it is seldom resorted to, and j
is always to be avoided so far as is practicable or i
possible. In the present case, so far as I am in- j
formed on the subject, and I have read with some i
care the teports that have been made, 1 feel that •
the Government of the United States is resliamed j
by no i ule whatever, except its own sense of pro- !
prietyand its own sense of honor, from the prac- j
tice of any severity within the reach of human |
ingenuity upon the insurgents in retaliation for j
the cruelties committed by them upon us. Our !
own self-respect is our only law in this regard. I
At an early day in the commencement of the
present session of Congress the honorable Sena-
tor from Minnesota [Mr. Wilkinson] submitted
a resolution to the Senate recommendatory of re-
taliation. He is not now in his seat. That reso-
lution was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia. That resolution is still
pending before that committee, and has not been
acted upon, but has been the matter of some con-
sideration on the part of the committee. The
committee have the subject under consideration,
and i have no doubt will be prepared to report a
bill in the course of the present week. I there-
fore move to refer the resolution of the honorable
Senator from Ohio, and the memorial of the hon-
orable Senator from Indiana to that committee
in the hope that the committee will be prompt in
making their report to this body, and in bringing
in such a bill as may be necessary to attain the
end which we have in view. I therefore move the
reference of those papers to that committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The memorial will
be so referred.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution (S.
R. No. 93) regulating the treatment of confederate
prisoners in custody of the authorities of the Uni-
ted States, was read*twice by its title,and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REINSURED.
On motion of Mr. POWELL, it was
Oidcictl, Th.it i!i(* petition of I'reston Starritt,a messen-
gfi of the Semite, chummy pay which he arsons lift-* been
illegally withheld tioiu linn, lie withdiawn irom" the files
of the Senate and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
cial y.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move that the papers
connected with the ease of Philip Lansanle, a
surgeon in the United States Navy, be taken from
the files and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs. 1 undeistand the facts to be that at one
time during the last Congiess there was an ad-
verse report, but the papeis were recommitted to
the committee by order of the Senate, and then a
favoiable report was made and a bill for his re-
lief parsed the Senate. I suppose in that state of
facts that my motion is a pioper one.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It comes within
the rule, and the order will be made.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire also to present
some additional papeis in the case, which I ask
may be referted to the same committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They will be so
referred.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. NESMITU, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Allans and the Militia, to whom was fe-
fened a petition of the widow of Rev. Samuel
Iltbben, praying for compensation lor services
rendered by her husband as chaplain of the fourth
cuvaliv regiment, Illinois volunteers, from Feb-
ruary 10, 1862, to the time of his death in June
of that year, asked to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was refolded the bill (H. R. No. 203)
for the relief of Jacob Weber, reported it with-
out amendment.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Afhiiisand the Milirm, to whom was referred
the joint lesolution (S. R. No. 00) to authorize
nnd dn cot an inventory ofai ti Jes m the arsenals of
the United States, reported it with an amendment.
lie als«i, from the same committee, to whom
was lefeired a resolution submitted by Mr. Rid-
dle on the 13th instant, calling for the numbers
of soldiers and sailors furnished by the loyal
States under the proclamation of the Piesident for
five hundred thousand men, dated July 18, 1864,
reported it with an amendment.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. DIXON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
396) to provide for the improvement of the Poto-
mac river opposite the city of Washington; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
397) in relation to the rights of married women
in the District of Columbia; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
CONDUCT OP GENERAL PAINE AT PADUCAH.
Mr. POWELL. I submit the following res-
olution:
Whereas a military commission ordered by Brevet Major
Genera] Burbrnlgc to investigate the conduct of Brigadier
General E. A. Paine, of the United States volunteers,
while in command at Padueah, Kentucky, have jnade a
report ill which they implicate Brigadier General Paine
and others in acts of cruelty, barbarity, robbery, plunder,
and pillage: Therefore,
Resolved, That the President be requested to cause Brig-
adier General E. A. Paine, of the United States volun-
teer,to be arraigned and tried before a proper tribunal for
his conduct while m command at Paducah, Kentucky, in
order that said Brigadier General Paino may be punished
if found guilty of the charges made again&t him, and if not
guilty. Ins innocence be made manifest, and the United
States flag rcscued from dishonor.
I move that the resolution be printed, and I
notify the Senate that at an early day I shall call
it up for action.
The motion was agreed to.
CONTRACTS IN THE INTERIOR DEPARTMENT.
Mr. COWAN submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, Thatthe Secretary of the Interior be requested
to inform the Senate whether the ptovisnms of the act of
June 2, 186:2, entitled "An act to prevent and punish fraud
on the part of officers intrusted with making ot contracts
for the Government," have been complied with by officers
under him, and particularly whether the said act has been
complied with and executed as to contiacts for maible and
♦marble work and iron and iron work upon the Capitol ex-
tensions and if there lias been failure or neglect in the ex-
ecution of the saul act the reasons therefor, and why the
penalties of said act have not been enforced against officers
in default.
TIIE SOLDIERS' HOME.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to re-
port to the Senate the present condition ot the Boldiera5
Home, together with a detailed statement of all funds which
have been leccivcd tor the benefit of that institution, and
the different sources fiorn which they have been received,
from its oiganization to the. present time ; also, of the dis-
buisenicnt of said funds, the amount ot property owned by
said Home, the investments, and the balances on hand, and
where deposited ; the number ofinvahd soldteis who have
been suppoitcd at the Ilomefbr each je.u since it? deni-
zation, together with the annual expenses of supporting
each inmate ofthe institution.
PUBLICATION OF OFFICIAL DOCUMENTS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I offer the following reso-
lution, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing be instructed
to impute into the causes ot delay in the publication of
'' the ofli< lal iepoit«- of the opeiatiutiN of the armies of the
United States." as directed by a ievolution of Conpie^s ap-
proved iUav 19, 18G4; "a full Army Register, metuding a
io>ter of ofliecis ot volunteers" as directed by a resolu-
tion of Goncres-s appioved Juno oO, 1£G1. ^nppleimntaiy
to the Senate resolution of December 13, JS1G, and the
House lesolution* of Febiuaiy 1, 1630, and Ausust 30,
lfc4'2 j and the edition of "the President's message, with
an ahiidginenr of the accompanying document3," as di-
rected by an act of Congress apptovid May 19,1804.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
having1 expired, it becomes the duty of the Chair
to call up the special order of the day.
Mr. GRIMES. If the resolution offered by
the Senator from Illinois is under consideration,
I desne to amend it. I do not know whether it
has passed from the consideration of the Senate
or not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
regard it as before the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. There isa standing resolution
of Congress, passed mauy years ago, which in-
structs the Secietary of W;u to furnish, I thinic
biennially, the Army Register, cariying out the
pay that has been allowed to each Aimy officer
during the preceding year. There has been no such
report as that submitted to Congress during this
Administration; and I should like to have in-
cluded in the resolution of the Senator from Illi-
nois and call upon t the Secretary of War to
specify why that report has not also been made.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The resolution is directed
to the Committee on Printing, requiring them to
inquire into the causes of thesedelays. If is well
known to the Senate that fiequentcalls have been
made upon the Departments 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
having expired, this whole matter is out of order.
