270
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
Mr, TRUMBULL. I move to suspend all
other business for the purpose of proceeding with
this. It will take but a moment.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the special order
will be taken up, and then it can be laid aside
informally while this discussion is going on.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This discussion will take
but a short time; I ask, therefore, that the special
order be laid aside informally until this subject is
disposed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will re-
gard that as the order of the Senate unless there
be objection. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. A number of resolutions
have been passed by the Senate at former sessions,
and at this session,calling upon the Departments
for information; and there has been exhibited
within a year or two what I have never known
before, a second resolution reiterating the first
and inquiring why the first resolution has not been
answered, i think it is quite time that the reso-
lutions of the Senate of the United States should
be replied to by the respective Departments of
this Government. If they are unable to furnish
the information directed to be given, let them say
so; buttimeand again this disrespect—I can call
it by no other name—has been manifested to the
resolutions of the Congress of the United States
and to its different brunches, and it is a growing
thing. When a resolution has passed this body
making a call upon a Department, it is not for the
officer called upon to give the information to give
it or not, in his discretion, or to reply to the res-
olution or not. If the information is improper to
be given, let. him state an excuse for not giving
it. If he cannot give it, let him so inform the
body. But, sir,the resolutions of the Senate are
treated with inattention,and timeand again a sec-
ond resolution has been brought m here to elicit
the information called lor by a former resolution.
Not only this, sir, but we have sevetal acts of
Congress—three of them are lecited in this reso-
lution—directing in positive terms that certain
officers of the Government shall make reports
within a certain time, which are to he laid before
the country, which Congiess has been in the habit
of laying before the country,and which the coun-
try is anxious to sec. The reports of our Auny
officers of operations of theArmy, at the last ses-
sion of Congiess, we directed to bo furnished be-
fore the opening of this session; and by an act
of Congress which passed both Uousrs, and was
approved by the Piesident, we dnectcd our Joint
Committee on limiting to see that they were ed-
ited, and that the parts that were supposed to be
of interest to the country should be brought to-
gether and published, and they were directed to
uc ready for an inspection at the meeting of Con-
gress, The Army Register, more interesting m
this period of war tluiu at any other time in the
history of the Government, lias not been pub-
lished since April, J8(>3, neailv two yeai*, find
yet there is a positive law requiring its publication
an nuaily.
Now, this resolution proposes to duvet the
Committee on Printing to inquire into the causes
of these delays. If it itjimpossibU>to make these
publications let us know it. But, mi, it is idle
for the Congress of the United States to sit heie
and pass laws and then have no attention paid to
them, I should have no objection to the amend-
ment suggested by the Senator lVom Iowa if it
was appropriate to this resolution. His amend-
ment calls < n the Secretary of Wai to know why
a report giving the pay  ect ived by different Army
officers has not been published witlun (he last two
or three years as required by a former act of Con-
gress. This resolution is duected to the Com-
mittee on Printing, (whose business it was to have
edited the reports fiom the War Department and
laid them before the country,) instructing that
committee to inquire into the causes of these de-
lays; and 1 hope, sir, that alter making this in-
quiry they will submit a report accompanied by
a bill (unless there is a good excuse for these
delays) that shall hereafter enforce obedience on
the part of the executive officers to the acts of
Con^r.-'ss.
The iesolution was agreed to.
TREATY OF WASHINGTON.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, it was
Raolced, Thai the Pie-ident of the United Snu<^ he io-
quiMeri to communicate to the Senate, if not incompatible
with tile public interest, any information in ills possession
showing the practical operation o{ the tenth aiticle of the |
tiosity ot Wa-hnmton of the 9lh o! August, 184*2, and the
expediency of i;:vm«: her Bt a-nnnc Maiest;. 'sj Government
the notice required for the termination of such article.
EKENCII SPOLIATIONS.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, an amendment
which he will hereafter offer to the bill in relation
to the payment of claims for French spoliations
prior to 1801, was received informally and ordered
to be printed.
COMMERCE AMONG TIIE STATES.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
of the day is the bill (H.It. No.307) to regulate
commerce among the several States, which is now
before the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
It will be read at length.
The Secretary read the bill, which proposes to
enact that every railroad company in the United
States whose road is operated by steam, its suc-
cessors and assigns, shall be authorized to carry
upon and over its road,connections,boats, bridges,
and ferries, all freight, property, mails, passen-
gers, troops, and Government supplies on their
way from any State to another State, and to re-
ceive compensation therefor.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not propose, Mr.
President, to occupy the time of the Senate in ad-
vocating the passage of this bill. It was passed
by the House of Representatives by an almost
unanimous vote at the last session. During the
last days of that session, it will he remembered
by the Senators who were then present, 1 pressed
very hard for a vote of the Senate upon it; but
it was so late, and there was so much discus-
sion pi ovoked by the bill, that it had to go by. It
is a bill that will be noticed as very general in
its terms and general in its character. It simply
opens all the railroads of the United States to the
use of the Government and of the people of the
United States. It makes them mail routes, and
entitles them to carry freight, property, passen-
gers, troops, supplies for the Government, &c.,
from one State to another State.
The Constitution says:
"('owners shall have power to re«uiate commerce with
foreign nation^ and among the several States."
Congress has been in the habit, fiom the or-
ganization of the Government, of establishing
post routes, and making aii common roads that
are required for mail purposes post roads; and
this bill substantially makes all railroads post
roads.
The bill is so eminently just, and right, and
proper, that 1 had supposed it would pass this
body almost without a dissenting voice or a dis-
senting vote; but lam informed that itis notonly
general but local in its operation, that it interferes
with the lights of a great railYoad monopoly in
the State oi New Jersey, and that that is the rea-
son for its present introduction and passage.
Well, f-'ii, admitting that to be true, it simply
shows that theie is a necessity"for such a meas-
ure m that particular case. The Stale of New
Jersey, akJ I am inlbtmed, has chartered a great
e.o! pnration, and ^iven U th# exclusive right of
tiansit tin ough that State. If that be so, 1 deny
the right of the State of New Jersey to pass any
such lav/. I am informed that the State of New
Jersey exacts tribute from every passenger pass-
ing through that State. [ deny the right of the
State of New Jersey to levy that tribute upon the
citizens of other States pas&mg through that State.
Itmtcifeies with the free commercial communi-
cation between the States. The State of New
Jersey has no right to levy a tribute either upon
passengers or upon ficight passing through her
limits!.
If the State of New Jersry has a right to levy
a small tiibute upon either passengers or freight
passing thiough that State, she has a light to levy
a large tnhute; and if she ha? a right to levy a
large tribute, she hus a right to piohibit their
passm:; absolutely if she, in the exercise of her
sovereignty, sees fit thus to prohibit it. No man
would claim that the State of New Jersey pos-
sessed that right; probably she would not attempt
to exercise it; but it is a well-known fact that she
has exercised the right of levying a tribute for
years, and this monopoly has been grinding upon
the people of the United States, grinding upon
every man who has had occasion to pass from the
great capital of the nation to the actual capital of
the nation. No man passes fiom here to New
York to-day without paying a tribute to the State
of New Jersey; a tribute which I claim is uncon-
stitutional and wrong. It is a trammel upon the
commerce between these two points.
Besides, sir, the State of New Jersey has never
claimed that she possessed that right. It is true
she has a law under which she has exercised that
power; but in that very law she says by the sixth
section of the act:
i' That whenever any other railroad or road5? for the trans-
portation of passengers and freight between IsTew York and
Philadelphia across this State shall be constructed and es-
tablished for that purpose under or by virtue of any Jaw of
this Staff or the United States authouzing or recognizing
said road, then and in that case the said dividends shall no
longer be payable to the State, and the said stock shall bo
transferred to the company by the treasurer of this State."
This monopoly, it would seem by this, has paid
a bonus to the State of New Jersey, which bonus
i3 to revert to the company the moment the Con-
gress of the United States exercises its constitu-
tional right to control commerce upon this route.
As I said before, I do not propose at this time
to occupy the attention of the Senate in advocat-
ing this bill. It is so eminently just and right
and proper that 1 believe it will pass this body by
almost a unanimous vote, and I shall simply ask
for a vote of the body upon the bill.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, although
a member of the Committee on Commerce, I was
not present when this bill received the favorable
report of that committee. 1 shall not discuss its
merits to-day, or perhaps on any other occasion;
but I wish it to be distinctly understood that the
bill would not have received my sanction if 1 had
been present at the time it met the approval of
that committee. 1 care nothing about the rival
interests of corporations in the State of New Jer-
sey, or in any other part of the country; but I
have yet to learn that it is within the constitu-
tional competency of Congress to interfere in any
mode or manner with the vested rights of corpo-
rations holding their charter under State law, to
enlarge their franchises or to limit their authority.
It is on that distinct constitutional ground, the
utter want of authority in Congress to pass such
a measure as this, that 1 base my objection; but
I will not argue the question; I merely state my
position.
The-VICE PRESIDENT. If no amendment
be proposed, the bill will be reported to the Sen-
ate .
Mr. TEN EYCK. Mr. President, I have been
led to understand that the Senator from Mary-
land [Mr. Johnson] expected to address the Sen-
ate upon this bill. This is a bill of the utmost
importance, I will say while upon the floor, not
only to the State of New Jersey, which I have
the honor in part to lepresent, (it having been
specially referred to by the Senator from Michi-
gan as being designed to lelieve the public from
a very obnoxious and injurious charter by reason
of which a company in my State levies tribute
upon the citizens of the United States, which of
course is a matter of vast importance to us,) but
it involves questions of the utmost importance,
m which the citizens of everyState m this Union
are interested, one striking at the lights of prop-
erty in its vauous nullifications, involving not
only an interest of perhaps hundreds of millions,
but even the question of sovereignty and of power
in the States themselves. It is a bill of so much
importance, in which the interests of the citizens
of this whole country are concerned, that I should
suppose before it would be put upon its final pas-
sage it would receive some attention by members
of this Senate, especially, too, upon the constitu-
tional question involved. 1 myself may perhaps,
before it is finally disposed of, have occasion to
say a few words in relation to the topics that have
been referred to by the Senator from, Michigan;
but not having expected to be called upon to-day,
and uudeistandiug that other Senatois intended
to address this body, and seeing that the Senator
who has been alluded to is now in his seat, I will
abstain from making any further remarks at the
present time.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I stated to
the honorable member from Michigan, the other
day, that I did desire to discuss the question,
which seems to be an important one, involved in
this bill, and that I thought I should be able to
do so to-day; but I am very hoarse, and should
