1036
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23>
V
of foreigners and transient persons that I propose
my amendment.
Mr.SCHEKCK. I am opposed to theamend-
ment for the reason that instead of perfecting the
section it would destroy it. The whole object of
'this section, as must be obvious to gentlemen, is
to require the crediting of recruits and substitutes
and drafted men to the sub-districts to which they
actually belong, where, if they have any residence
at all, their actual residence is to be found; but
the effect of the amendment now proposed would
be to throw open the door and restore pro tanto
the present existing law that they shall be credited
to such districts or sub-districts as they shall elect.
Mr. UPSON. Where does the gentleman pro-
pose to have men credited who are foreigners
and have no residence here?
Mr. SCHENCK. There is no necessity for
making any provision for them. They are left
under the general law. It is only those who have
actual residence within the United States that re-
quire to be thus credited. The law is untouched
as regards aliens. I hold that if there be any dis-
tinction this is the most wholesome of all the
sections contained in this bill. It cuts up by the
roots Ihe greatest of all the evils under which we
now labor in the enrollment, and thedrafting after
* the enrollment, with the proper equity to be con-
sidered toward the people of this country unable
to do military duty, for the purpose of filling up
the ranks of our armies.
If you require that those who are drafted or
are put in as substitutes or as recruits shall have
an actual residence in some of the sub-districts of
the United States, and shall be credited to those
districts, the first effect will be to prevent towns,
townships, and counties from bidding against
each other in a strife to offer the largest bounties
in order to get the greatest number of recruits.
Thus you do away with that source of corrup-
tion which has led to the introduction of that
most villainous of all systems, the system of sub-
rtitute brokerage. If men, when they are cred-
ited, are to be credited to the sub-district within
which they belong, then the competition can be
only within the districts. As it is now the large
«. ities and towns are enabled to draw off the coun-
try population. The lar^e cities and towns and
various counties in the States hold out induce-
ments to draw away from the country districts
and from the sub-districts the men who, instead of
.filling their own quotas, go off and sell themselves
10 brokers in some other parts of the country
where they are promised larger bounties. Tins
Would not be so bad if it inurrd even to the ben-
efit of the substitute himself. But every one who
knows anything about the practices of this most
unmitigated set of scoundrels upon the face of the
earth, the substitute brokers, knows that in nine
cases out of ten the broker pockets nearly if not
quite all the money given for bounty, and the
man who is enlisted gets none of it. Now, to
cut this all up by the roots it is proposed by the
committee that these men shall no longer have
inducements to sell themselves to fiil up quotas
away from home; that they shall no longer be
parties, even innocently, to the frauds practiced
by those brokers; but that every man shall help
out his own neighborhood and his own district by
helping to supply the quota of troops called for
from that sub-district.
I think the amendment of the gentleman from
Michigan, [Mr. Upson,] so far as it goes, will
operate simply to defwat this wholesome effect of
this section; such an amendment will merely
throw us back upon the old system of allowing
each man to elect the district to which he shall be
credited. The aliens are already protected by the
introduction of the words* " within the United
StateSj'Meaving the question open in regard to
thosewho are not resident within theUnited States.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled bills and a joint resolution of the
following titles:
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 82) to encourage
enlistments and to promote the efficiency of the
military forces of the United States;
An act (S, No. 439) to change the name of
Dorsey Ed win William Towson, of Georgetown,
m the District of Columbia, to that of Dorscy
Edwin Wiiiiam Carter;
:ave to/
V
An act (S. No. 393) to authorize the corpora-
tion of Georgetown to levy certain taxes; and
An act (S. No. 37) to prevent officers of the
Army and Navy, and other persons engaged in
the military and naval service of the United States,
from interfering in elections in the States.
Whereupon the Speaker signed the same. J
LEAVE OF ABSENCE. "\J
Mr. RADFORD asked and obtained leave to/
be absent from to-night's session.
ENROLLMENT. BILL.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I move to amend
the section by inserting after the words " actual
residence" the words "in any of the United
States not in rebellion." As the section now
stands, if a refugee from any State in rebellion
should come into any of the loyal States, and there
be mustered into service under the provisions of
this bill, it would be at his option to be credited
to the locality or district from whence he came,
and tlie district where lie was enlisted or mustered
in would not receive'credit for him. Therefore
I think it but just that the bill should be amended
in this respect, so that if refugees from States
who do not contribute to the naval and military
forces of the United States shall come into those
States which under this bill are required to con-
tribute, these States shall have the benefit of the
persons thus coming, and not the States from
which they came.
Mr. CHANLER. Mr. Speaker, I will join
most cordially in evejy effort which the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs may make
to do away with this system of bounty jumping
and substitute brokerage. There has never been
in the history of this or any other country a more
corrupt and detestable organization of men than
those who center around the recruiting offices un-
der the name of substitute brokers. And this
circumstance furnishes a peculiar illustration of
the argument which I have heretofore urged and
will continue to urge against the whole system of
drafting. Commend it as you may, " the trail
of the serpent" is over it still. It is corrupting
the Army and demoralizing the whole country.
All the evils resulting from this law seem to
grow and look more dangerous in presence of
the power which it confers upon the Executive.
There is not a stronger Government extant than
this. It is useless and unnecessary to discuss
the course which leads to the grant of powers to
the President. Tile bald fact shines out on every
page of our annals during this rebellion. No
czar, emperor, king, or potentate has a greater
revenue, troops organized in larger armies, or
more extensive navies, than those which obey the
undisputed will of the President of the United
States at this moment. Billions of money fill
his coffers; millions of slaves, just set free or soon
to be, bow in servile admiration of his august
name. Millions of free men depend on his will
for life, liberty, and happiness; and his will is
law. No constitutional check holds him, as it
once did his predecessors, in wholesome subor-
dination. His friends, his creatures, and his
liberated slaves, watch his eye for the motive to
their every act—subservient, devoted, or mer-
cenary. Politician, soldier, or citizen—ail will-
ingly look, or are forced to look to him, as the
source of power in this Government—for one
will rules here. His courtly press calls him sov-
ereign, and chronicles his every deed as of royal
import. We carry Caesar and Ins fortunes. The
nation is a representative democracy; its capital
is a monarchy; perhaps some may prefer to call
it a republic. A distinction without a difference
—tyranny under a sacred name. Venice was a
republic—powerful, victorious, and great; her
executive a doge, who ruled by a secret council
of ten for life. Our Executive rules by the se-
cret council of his Cabinet for a limited term.
England under Cromwell was a republic; but we
would search in vain for representative liberty
during the usurpation of the Protector.
Have we not reason to pause here, before con-
ferring new powers, or at least to consider the
wisdom of revoking, at this time, some of the un-
limited powers already conferred by this military
system upon the Executive? Have we not good
reason to apprehend that, at some not very re-
mote period in this struggle, our cause may be
sacrificed oji the altar of personal ambition ? We
have made the prize so great, the power so vast,
the task so easy, to such as dare " wade through
slaughter to a throne," thut prudence, if not pa-
triotism,should check our head longcourse of hasty
legislation in adding to or continuing the power
of the sword and purse in the grasp of one man,
to our own humiliation, and perhaps our destruc-
tion. If we can boast of a mimic little Cromwell,
"guiltless of his country's blood," who has led
our Puritan hosts to doughty deeds, how long are
we to await the coming of some silent and selfish
General Monk?
There is a similitude in the facts and dangers
which link the spirits of liberty and fanaticism
now as they were linked in the days.of the great
Cromwell. May not the Puritans of to-day seize
with reckless hands the mace which maiksthe
presence of popular sovereignty in this Hall, and
in the words of their archetype bid some soldier
of fortune at their heels "Take away that bau-
ble?" They have long since beheaded the Con-
stitution. History repeats herself, and teaches by
example; but nations are dull scholars, and fa-
natics are blind. Have they not already forced
you to succumb to their dictation, and robbed you
of some of the most honored and best-established
privileges of this body?
Does the Executive really need your aid to
carry on this Government? 1 think not. He
seems to have thought not when he plpdged,after
adjournment of the last Congress, the credit of
the nation without law, and in defiance of the pe-
culiar right of this House to initiate all money
bills; and allow me to remind this House that it
was in connection with the military-power that
the President committed that treasonable breach
of law. Practically, the Executive is now inde-
pendent of all legislative authority in this Govern-
ment. Actually, the conscripts, the veterans,and
colored troops are his own and not the nation's
soldiers. He commissions their officers directly
himself, or through his partisans. It is true the
past careerofthe different Presidentsofthis Union
give us little to fear from personal malevolence or
desperate daring; but there is apolitical cunning
which sometimes covers ambition with a comic
mask, and serves as a shield behind which to
shoot fatal shafts at Ae liberties of the people,
(he rights of the Slates, the spirit of the Consti-
tution, and the existence of this Union. I will
not presume to probe the motives of the Admin-
istration; we are asked to believe that they are
good. The present Chief Magistrate may become
as famous as any of the gieat founders of the
Union he has sworn to protect. He may be aa
wise and brave as Washington; as bold and firm
as Jackson; as upright and politic as Adams; aa
great and good as Madison; as continental and
broadly national as Monroe; but his course has
not yet developed fully the qualities which may
promise such fame for himself, or such glory for
ins country, as cluster around the name of the
humblest of his predecessors.
Now we may not praise him.
" Et laudas nullos ni>i mortuos pocias."
His labors are those of Hercules, but he is with-
out claims as a hero. The Augean stable of the
Treasury balks his genius and paralyzes his
nerve. His tasks are alieady so laborious that
no human baud can perform them alone. And
he is no demigod. He may be the instrument
of the Ruler of nations to scourge us to humility,
but need we anticipate him by useless degrada-
tion and by abandonment of our duty, by adding
to his powers at this time? Should wo not rather
seek now to limit them?
Sir, let us remember that we too are instruments
to check the overbearing conduct of the Execu-
live in the administration of this Government;
that we are here to protect the people of this
Union amid the confusion and conflict of this civil
war, m the reasonable hope that in peace poster-
ity may bless our names. And with thegrowmg
likelihood of peace diminishes the necessity oi
conscription. The people look to their Repre-
sentatives as agents for good and not for evil, aa
swift messengers to bring glad tidings and avert
the sorrows, if possible, which attend on nations
as on men. The burdens of the people now are
almost too heavy to be borne by even a self-gov-
erned nation. They look to us for prompt and
effectual relief, i trus>t the time for the realiza-
tion of iheir hope has come.
The hour of half past five having arrived, the
House took a reccss till seven o'clock p. m.
