1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-m
not be able to do justice to myself, and, what is
more important and material, J should notbeable
to assist the Senate, if 1 was capable of assisting
them at all, in the deliberations on the question.
Unless there is some immediate cause foi the pas-
sage of the bill to-day, I ask the indulgenceof the
Senate until the day after to-morrow, by which
time 1 suppose I shall be able to address the Sen-
ate without any irksomeness to myself or to
them.
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly, sir. I move,
then, that the bill be postponed to and made the
special order of the day for Thursday next at
one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to, two thirds of the
Senate concurring therein.
_ ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the Speaker of the House had signed an enrolled
hill (H. R. No. 458) for the relief of George Mow-
rey; and it was signed by the Vice President.
INTERCOURSE WITH INSURRECTIONARY STATES.
Mr. COLLAMEIi. Mr. President, theieseems
to be a little lull in the business now, and I de-
sire to take advantage of it to have leave to intro-
duce a bill of which no previous notice has been
given.
By unanimous consent, leave was given to in-
troduce a bill (S. No. 398) to repeal the eighth
section of an act entitled "An act in addition to
iheseveralactsconcerning commercial intercourse
between loyal and insurrectionary States, and to
provide for the collection of captured and aban-
doned property, and the prevention of frauds in
States declared in insurrection," approved July
2, 18G4; and it was read twice by its title.
M r. COLLAMER. Mr. President, it has never
been my fortune during the time I have been a
member of this body to piesent a subject that 1
regard as of so much importance as this. How-
ever it may strike other Senators, I am entirely
convinced in my own mind that unless this bill
or such a one as this in effect be passed, we never
shall subdue this insunection, it never can be
ended, it never will be ended. And now, sir, I
think I have stated enough to show gentlemen
that I, for one at least, regard it as the most im-
portant measure on which I have ever had occa-
sion to speak in the Senate. Certainly nothing
can be of greater importance to us than that we
end this rebellion, suppress this insurrection, and
that somewhat speedily; and I think thus bill is
absolutely necessary to the doing of that.
Mi Piessidout, theie aie some laws of war which
are inherent m the very nature of war. Some of
these rules are incapable of being violated; others
may be violated, but it cannot be done with im-
punity. Many of these rules, derived from adju-
dicated cases, have become settled laws of nations
as the laws of war; but theie are others that are
laws of war by the force of war itself. One of the
latter is this, that it is utterly impossible to carry
on war with a people and cai ry on commercial m-
teicouise with that people at the same time. U
never was d«<ne*on eai th, and it never can be done
on catth while the laws of nature and of God re-
main as they aie. It i.s fin unnatural attempt at
connection; it is nn illegitimate relationship; it is
an illicit intercourse; and it never can produce
anything but deformities and abortions.
A s a part of the law of nations, a manifestation
of this principle is that every contract made be-
tween subjects and citizens of belligerent Powers
in time of war is void, absolutely void. So, too, a
belligerent can never collect in the courts nf the
opposite party a debt due him. What is the rea-
son? Is the debt destroyed by the war? Not at
all; but the courts will not render a judgment for
it, for the reason thatif it were collected the effect
would be to carry money to the enemy 5s country
and place it m their control to use it for carrying
on thp war, as a sinew of war. If w vessel be
taken at sea, which belongs in whole or in pert
to the enemy, it is forfeited, it is pnze of war;
and even if a citizen of ours, a good and loyal
citizen, domiciliated in the enemy's country, hav-
ing nothing: to do with the war, owns the vessel,
still that vessel is to be condemned for the very
same reason I have already given. It cannot be
surrendered to him or the money value of it paid
to him, because the result of that would be to
carry money and means into the enemy J.-j country.
I have had from time to time occasion to inti-
mate my opinion—not, perhaps, of any conse-
quence on account of the source from which it
came—that all sorts of devices of getting along
with this war are but devices, and will never answer
any good purpose. I do not believe that carrying
on the war with balloons, which was tried at one
time, amounted to anything. I do not believe that
carrying it on with general proclamations fired at
the enemy amounted to anything. I do not believe
you will ever subdue them, because you think
you can destroy them by the smell of gunpowder,
and that firing off a great quantity of it at a time
will come to anything. All such devices to get
along in a manner different from that recognized
and allowed by the well-known laws of war will
be abortions.
Now, Mr. President, what is the section which
I propose to have repealed ? I will read it, but
before doing so I wish to give a short summary
of how we came to it.
In lBGlit was found necessary, in order to pros-
ecute this war, that it should have given to it lo-
cality. Men were in the insurgent army in the
southern States, and people were carrying them
supplies ftom New York openly. The declara-
tion was that they were going to trade with loyal
people in the South, and the effect was of course
to carry all supplies into the reach of the enemy.
There was no possibility of enforcing the block-
ade, or doing any thing, indeed, that made war with
any effcct, until we gave locality to the theater of
war; and therefore it was provided in one of the
sections of the law of July 13, 1861, that when-
ever the people of a State of the Union were in a
state of insurrection, and professed to act under
the authority of the State, and those exercising
authority under the State did not disclaim it or
suppress it, then, and in that case, the President
by proclamation should declare the people of that
State to bo in a state of lusuriection, and there-
upon all commercial intercourse with them should
cease, and all articles of merchandise, goods, and
chattels, vehicles, and vessels tn which they were
carried to or from the enemy's country, should
be forfeited to the United States. That produced
a clear and distinct condition of war, and the Su-
preme Court in the prize cases unanimously
decided that when that law was passed a state of
war existed m all its relations.
But, sir, if ail commercial intercourse was to
cease, theie came a difficulty upon the mind in
this respect: what shall be done with those towns
and cities which we may subdue and of which
we may take possession? Shall no intercourse
be hoiden with them? Shall commercial inter-
course continue to be broken off and forever cease
with those people? if so, how are they to be
supplied, how are Hhey to be fed, how are they
to be subsisted? in that condition of things re-
sort was had to a consideration of the laws of war
in modern times, According to the modern laws
of war, it has been held that the Power which de-
clares war may modify that declaration in rela-
tion to intercourse with particular places for par-
ticular purposes. That lias been done in Europe
occasionally duiing the last fifty years. There-
fore there was inserted in the act of 1861 a provis-
ion that thu President of the United States might,
in his discretion, and under regulations from the j
Treasury Department, permit intercourse m such
articles and with such places and by such per- '
sons as the public service may require. The rca- \
son th.it provision was inserted in the law was i
because the Piesident, having no power to de- ;
clare war, of course had no authority to modify i
that war, except only as it should be given to him ;
by the war-declauiig power, Congress. There ^
can be no doubt that 1 am correct m saying that ;
those who had to do with the making of that law !
distinctly understood that provision to have been j
inserted for the purpose I have stated—not to get ,
supplies horn the enemy, not to buy tneu produce
and pay them money to relieve them, but merely j
to sustain the people of that pari of the country j
of which we should have taken jctual military J
possession. :
But, sir, the provisiondid notreceive construc-
tion and execution m that sense. I need not heie
go over what regulations were made, altered, and
changed by the Treasuiy Department, and al- .
lowed and approved by the President; but this I
will say, licenses were granted, under what favor-
liisms f know not, from timeao time to Individ- i
uals to trade upon the Mississippi for the pur-
pose of getting cotton; and the effect was, I wiH
not say that all the officers of that army were
thereby corrupted, but it is certain their charac*
ters very severely suffered. Upon the whole the
best information we can get of it is that so far
from the acquisition of the Mississippi by us, ob-
tained by much of skill and blood and treasure;
resulting in benefit to our country and to our
cause, it has after all resulted in furnishing sup-
port to the enemy and relief to them infinitely
more than it has been of advantage to us. I think
I shall be able to show this before I conclude, by
statements from those who know the facts by ob-
servation and experience. Things went on until
last summer, when a bill was prepared and re-
ported for the purpose of putting an end to the
business, to stop that sort of trade. One section
of that bill was:
That so much ofsection five of the act of 13th of July,
li-'Gl,aforesaid, as authorizes the President, in his discre-
tion, to license or permit commercial relation-, in any State
or section, the inhabitants of which aie declared in a state
of instm'cction,is hereby repealed, except solar as maybe
necessary to authorize supplying the necessities of loyal
poisons residing in msurrectionaiy States, within the lines
of actual occupation by the militaiy forces of the United
States, a* indicated by published order of the commanding
general of the department or district so occupied."
There was a bringing of that provision of the
act of 1861 to some practical purpose, to the pur-
pose for which it was made. All other specics of
intercourse were then to be stopped, and tlie Pres-
ident was to have no power to license it afcerthat,
"Whether any licenses have been granted since
then I do not know, but 1 have seen an order from
the Treasury Department which to me looks
strange and extraordinary, limiting the opciation
of the licenses, implying that they were in exist-
ence and force; and 1 am infoimed that licenses
to individuals have actually been granted since
that act was passed on the 2d of July last, but
of that I have no certain knowledge. At any rate, „
under that section of the act which 1 have just
now read very considerable efiect was given in
Louisiana and on the Mississippi generally to the
stopping of this tiade.
At the time that bill was reported, the gentle-
man having it in charge, the honorable Senator
from Maine [Mr. Morrill] did me the honor to
consult me in relation to that section, and as J
understood, it was professedly to be the end of
the trade, especially in cotton, corrupting in all
its influences and dangerous in all its effects. So
understanding the matter 1 was very much sur-
prised and astonished to learn by a proclamation
of the President that Congress had actually passed
u law for trading by the Government with the
people of that country for their produce. I im-
mediately went to the honorable Senator who had
had the bill in charge, and I learned from him that
he did not know that such a provision was there.
But the section which 1 propose by this bill to
repeal was in that law; howit came there, I know
not; no doubt it was on the report of the com-
mittee, and it was passed in the nurry of theclose
of the session. That section I will now read; and
one thing you will observe, how utterly it is at
war with what I have just read, and how utterly
it must defeat all the purposes for which the bill
was passed. It is section eight, which 1 propose
by this hill to lepeal, in these words:
uSec.£ be U further enacted* Thatitfchall be lawful
for the Seeietary of the Tieasiny, w itb the approval of the
I'le^uleut, io aiithonze a^ent* to pinelia«e lor the (Jinted
r-'t.ite-! any piodueM oi Ht.Ue- declari d in inMinection, at
Mich places tin lent as 1 a 11 be designated by him, at Mich
juices ah •-hall be agreed on vwth the teller, not exceeding
ihe maiKCt value theieoi at the place of dehveiy, not ex-
ceeding: three :0111th1* of the maiket value thereof in the
city of New Voik at the latent quotations known to the
nffi'iit puK-hii-ann' Ptomdcd, Th.u no parlof the ptnehar-e
:none\ lor anv producN .-o puielnssed -ball be paid, or
airieed to be paid, out of anv other fund than that mis nig
irom piopeii.y->oid a* eaptured 01 abandoned.01 pnicha^eil
and sold imd'ei the piovi ion-* of tins act. All propeiu ^0
ptuelKwed shall be unvaided foi ,-nie at such place or
places a, >!iai! be de-iimar-d !>) the t-ecietaiy of the Treas-
uiy, and the money* .inking tnerefrom. alter payment of
the pan h<i«-e moue} ami tue othei expense* connected
tiie;ewi:h ^liall be p;nd into ihe Treasury of the United
Huite-;; and tlie account* of ail moneys :-o icceived and
paid •-hall be le.idered to and audited by the piopei account-
ing oiheer^ 01 the TieaMiiy."
i believe in the month of December came the
executive order, a copy of which I have here,
directing, under the regulations which the Secre-
tin y of the Treasury had made, the agents ap-
pointed to go down there and execute this law
