272
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBlt
January 16.
and make these purchases; and by those regula-
tions and by' that executive order, the people of
that country, the whole of thorn, not the loyal peo-
ple merely, hut all the people who have any con-
trol of any productions for sale, are authorized to
come into the places designated in the order and
■offer them there for sale, and they are to have
safe-conduct in so doing; and whenever they get
to those places, the purchasing agent is to give
them a permit to bring the property in there so
that he may buy it. The places designated are
of course those within our control. I do not re-
member the names of all of them, but New Or-
leans is one, Beaufort is one, Memphis is one,
Pensacola is one, and there are others.
Of course the effect is to admit to these places
in our military possession all the people of that
country, and to allow them free intercourse to
and from these places, if they have any property
of this kind to sell. I suppose they have all £ot
something to sell; every man has a little cotton
at least; so that you open your camps entirely to
these people. In the next place, they are to bring
their products there under a permit. To whom
will the permit go? Hereisanotheropportumty
for favoritism. It is to go to such persons as the
purchasing agent shall allow. Whom he will
favor with them I do not know; who are to have
the advantages of them I do not know; but this I
know, that the whole of that country is covered
over with Jews and cotton speculators who would
deceive, ifit was possible, the very elect, and who
will contrive by all possible means to accomplish
their purposes. They are the persons who will
have the control of this trade; they are the per-
sons who will have the favor of the purchasing
agents.
Now, I ask, how is it possible that any general
in command of your forces in these places, say
at New Orleans for example, can carry on Ins
military expeditions into the enemy's country
with those very enemies coming and going and
carrying all the information they choose to cm ry
directly to the camps of the opposing forces?
When I say the thing is impossible, it tvjeds
nothing but to state u to show that it is utterly
impossible.
Then, Mr. President, we are to have on a laigrr
scale, and much more extensively carried on over
the whole cotton country, the very trading and
dealing with the enemy which we had before upon
the river Mississippi. Was not that a source of
corruption to your Army, to your officers, and to
the people? So much so that you icpealed the
law authorizing it in this very act, repealed the
clause which allowed the grunting of licenses; and
yet by this action you opened the door to an in-
finitely more extensive system of licenses.
But besides its corrupting influence and effect,
and its direct interference with the prosecution of
military enterprises, there is another thine;. What
have you laid a blockade for ? Why was a block-
ade declared? The blockade is not needed to pre-
vent neutral nations fiom canying contraband of
war, munitions, arms, equipments, powder, &c.
Neutral vessels cannot carry those articles to a
belligerent Power; they are liable to be seized, if
they do so, without any blockade. A blockade
is not made merely to keep military supplies out
of the enemy's country, because neutrals have no
business to carry them, and we have a right to
seize and condemn them for doing so, even if
there be no blockade. The blockade is made to
prevent their trading in matters which are not
contraband of war; to stop all trade with the en-
emy, not so much for the purpose of preventing
the carrying of supplies to them as it is to pre-
vent neutrals buying thou produce, paying (hem
money for it, and thus enabling them to go on
with their efforts and advance their prosperity.
By the laws of blockade, if the country declaring
the blockade permits intercourse by its own peo-
ple with the country whose ports are declared to
be blockaded the blockade ends. I can show that
very clearly by the laws of nations. It lies in a
nutshell. The blockade right is to exclude a neu-
tral fiom carrying on trade with the enemy's coun-
try even in articles that are not contraband of war.
Now, you cannot declare that blockade and carry
it into effect as against the rest of the world and
yourselves undertake to monopolize that trade.
If the blockading Power carries on the trade by
its own citizens it must allow it to neutrals. You
cannot sustain the blockade on such aground; but
I was not coming to that point just now. I ask,
why did we declare the blockade ? Jtwastokeep
the southern people from selling their great quan-
tity of cotton and getting money for it from for-
eign nations, and having thereby the sinews of
war. Would it not be strange if we should our-
selves say in the face of the world, " All that was
a mere pretense; we will buy their produce; we
will pay them money for it; we will give them
the sinews of war?" It would be the strangest
anomaly under the heavens.
Mr. President, I desire to call the attention of
honorable Senators for a moment to another thing.
A law was passed here, I think in 1862, called a
confiscation act, whereby wedeclared that all the
property of persons in the rebellious States who
should thereafter participate in the rebellion,
should be forfeited, confiscated, become the prop-
erty of the United States. But here is a law to
say that we will take all that valuable property
of theirs, which we have declared to be forfeited
and to belong to us, and we will pay Chcm the
money for it. That is carrying out confiscation,
I suppose! That is the law which I propose to
repeal.
I will endeavor, Mr. President, to be as brief
as I can; and the next suggestion which I wish
to make—indeed I have already partly presented
it—is that this is an entire end of your blockade.
If it amounts to anything it is this, that we will
keep up the blockade as against the world, and
we will ourselves go in and get this property and
monopolize this trade to ourselves. That is really
it. Yon cannot disguise it. It requires but a few
words to state the doctrine applicable to such a
eondiiion of affairs, aruM will read hut a sentence
in support of it from a very distinguished wiiter,
.lames Parker Deane, in his summary, and avery
fine one it is, of the laws of war, and every prin-
ciple which he announces is sustained by decisions
in the Admiralty:
"Ami a blockade which exclude^ the subject* of all other
euunii i( s tjom nading will) the poit. of the enemy, ami
at ilie Millie tune permits a general access to those pints to
the subjects ot the .State which impo-.es it, is iitegulai,
illegal. ,md null. All blockade bciii" lot the (impose oi
obi a'ii i is'{ a coidokm eia I monopoly for the pitvate advan-
tage oi the State impoMiiir ir, would he void on the very
p; ineipie-. on which tin* ii«iit of blockade is formed.15—
Dcuiit oil i'/u, ami Ncahuib, page ,
There could be nothing moie to the point. It
is ulU'i 1 y impossible to avoid this effect by under-
taking to say that we do not, go into the particu-
lar ports which are blockaded, but the trade is
carried on in ports in our actual possession. Of
what importanceis that? You invite all the people
of the country to bring in their products for sale,
if they have any, at those ports, and of course
when they come there they get the money for their
productions. You say to then!, ** You have noth-
ing todo but to come to our pousand bring youi
nioduclions, and you shall luwe the money.55
The fact that they bring them to a poit in your
possession does not alter the chaiactcr of the trans-
action. The true character of it, is as stated by
tins writer, to monopolize the trade to ourselves,
and keep neutrals away fiom it, and that is not
admissible by the laws of nations, lean merely
say that if the law which I propose to lepeal
shall go into ellect, and agents shall be appointed,
arid purchases made throughout the southern
country, if cotton shall be brought from places
throughout that country to the points designated
for its purchase and use by the United States,
then if u blockade runner shall be seized with a
caigo of cotton and brought before ouradmiralty
courts, she cannot be condemned as prize, for
that is the end of the blockade.
t I have thus summarily stated my objections to
the existence and continuance of this section of
the iaw of last summer; I now propose to read a
little from those who are on the ground, and who
know the practical working of the system. I will
fiist lead from a letter of General Canby, who is
at New Orleans, and I believe in command of the
Mississippi department. Speaking of this order
of the Pt estdent given under that low, he says :
££ The operation of fins order i* contingent. bv the eighth
section, upon the orders to be given by the Secierary of
Wai and the decretal y of the Navy; but the Geneial Ordeis
of the Wat DepuiUntnthave been icceived irt duesequcnee
to the 14th of November, and no order corresponding in
number, date, or matter, with the order submitted by Mr.
Cutler, is lound among them. Without waiting tor the
official iceeiptof this oider, 1 shall at once give such orders
as may be necessary to secure a due observance of the
executive older of September 24,1864, and the Treasury
regulations of the same day; and while carrying out the
policy adopted bv the Government, will endeavor to exact
the reciprocal obligation ot good faith on the paitof the
tradeis; but m justice to the tioops m tliif- command and
to myself, it is pioper that I should submit for your con-
sideiation some tacts connected with the present military
situation and the embaira-.sme.nt to military operations
which will, in my judgment, inevitably follow the opening
ot this tiade." ***** * *
kk II this trade is carried on in the manner and to the ex-
tent claimed by the speculator who now control it, it5 in-
evitable result, in my judgment, will be to add strength and
efficiency to the rebel armies east and west of the Missis-
sippi, equivalent to an addition of fiity thousand men, and
will stimulate into active opposition to the successful pros-
ecution of our operations at least ten thousand men within
our own lines." * ' v * * * *
" Cotton speculator in the Mississippi valley have a pros-
pective and hope to have an actual interest in evety bale
of cotton within the icbel hues ; they know that expedi-
tions within the enemy's cou.itr> are followed bv the cap-
ture of cotton, or its deduction by the icbels'to pteveni
its falling into our hand-,; hence it is- to theit interest to
give miormauon to the rebels of eveiy contemplated move-
ment. I have, not sent an expedition into the enemy's
hues without finding agents of this chaiaetci in communi-
cation with ihe icbels, giving them inloimation icgartiing
our movement-.; and ueaily every expedition has been
foiled to some extent, in some of Us objects, by informa-
tion so communicated. I have now seveial speculators,
who weie eaptmed in the enemy's country,awaitiugtrial,
under the lilty-seventh Article oi War, for giving mtotma-
uon to the enemy. But ilie punishmentot these mcu is no
compensation for the evil they have occasioned, and wili
not secure us fiom tutme disasters fiom the same cause.
'* I have now in my possession papers in relation to such
contucts, made with Unglish houses in Mobile, foi the ex-
poi t.Uiou ot two hundred thousand bales by the way ot till*
poit, the conditions ol the sale lequirc that the payments
be made in supplies, in gold, or in loieigu exchange. The
net profit?; ot these tiansactions aie estimated by ihe con-
tiaetorstheinsclvesatfth), 000,000, and it is easy to sec how
much zeal will be evoked by ptofit-j oi this magnitude. £
cite this as one of many instances that have come under
my obset vation ; and to show the character of these trans-
action* in the Mississippi v.iiiey, 1 ,isk attention to the
memoinudum printed on page 6 ot the inclosed pamphlet*
referring to the paiticulai tiansaction jiM cited, and indi-
cating ctenily the means by which our laws aie evaded,
and how the amountduethe lcbcl government is converted
into foreign exchange.
4' The icbel armies cast and west of the Mississippi river
ha\ e been suppoited mainly, dm ing the past twelve mouths,
by tbo unlaw iul trade earned on on that nver. The city
ot New Orleans, since its occupation by our foicefe, has*
eontubuted moie to the suppoit ot the rebel armies, more
to the pure busing and t quipiuent of pnvateeis that aie pt ey-
ing upon our commerce, and" mote to maintain the < icd'it
oi ihe lebel government in Utnope, than any other port m
the coutiuv, with the simile exception of Wilmm^ion. I
do not make these statements as eonje-'tmes, but from evi-
dence that will piovc conclusive to any tmpailial jiinui.
i know the restiietions ol the iaw of July 2, lbG4"—
Referring to section nine which i first read—
'• have reduced the tcbel armies east and westoi the river,
and gicatly sfaltened them lot supplies essential to their
existence. Kirby Smith has officially announced that he
can no longer supply hi-s aimy with clothing, and every
rebel paper coming itom west of the Mississippi contains
appeals to ihe families and ft tends of soldiers toeomnbute
clothing. The last Alexamlna paper contains a procla-
mation by the rebel governor, appealing to the people of ,<
Louisiana to furnish clothing to the sulfcitng and destitute;
soldiers of Missouri.
"The construction placed upon the regulations of the
Treasury Department by one, at least, of the puicnasing
agents in this command, vvill? m sixty days, undo all tha'
has been done by the iaw of July 2, and enable the rebel
authorities to arm, equip, and clothe the aimies that cannot
much longer be kept togethei without a.d fiom us.
" I make these statements iti oider to convey to ymi my
own opinion of our actual condition, of the embankment
undei which all military opeiattons mint he conducted, and
to exptess the hope, if the tuture opuutions of the troops
in tins command should fail to meet your expectations,
that you will consider the eiicamsiances by which their
usefulness and eflieiency weie impaired."
1 have here a letter from Commander W. H.
Macomb, commander of the United States steam-
ship Shamrock. It appears that there is a clause
m the Treasury regulations for commercial inter-
course which permits any one bringing out cotton
or tobacco to take in return supplies of merchan-
dise to the amount of one thiid the value of the
products brought in. Commander Macomb, un-
der date of January 4, 18G5, says:
"This law Is a mistake; unilernoeircunMnncesshould
supplies be allowed to pass without out line*. 1 seized
the oihei day a schooner with a cat go of every kind of con-
traband aiticles, valued at neaily seven thousand dollars
which was on us way directly* into th*  enemy's hue*, and
theie is veiy little doubt that most of it will go tu feed the
enemies against which wc aie lighting.
And he says further:
" A steamer called the Philadelphia, with a large cargo
said to have the pioper Tieasuij pemiits, signed by Gen-
eral Shepley. &c., ran up the Chowan river the othei night,
and is said to have gone to Franklin, Virginia, to sell her
cargo. On her way up a guard of rebel soldiers was placed
on board her to take her up in safety."
Knowing thatrny statements were rather broad,
I said that I would endeavor to sustain them by
the statements of men who knew what they talk
