1038
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
ments involving so large an amount where we
have had no opportunity to examine it.
Mr. McBRIDE. I-desire simply to say that
the first item occurred in 1855; and the Indians
have been pressing it in their way from that time
till now.
Mr. MORRILL. Part of it originated in a
treaty before 1855.
Mr. McBRIDE. I withdraw my amendment
to the amendment.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the
biH. . .
The Clerk having read the paragraph making
appropriations for the Arapahoes and Cheyenne
Indians of the Upper Arkansas river,
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend by striking
out the paragraph. I think that gentlemen con-
nected with the Committee of Ways and Means
are not aware of the fact that the great body of
these Cheyenne Indians have been slaughtered by
Federal troops at the Cheyenne village, and that
a bill now lies on the Speaker's table, and has
been lying there for the last three or four weeks,
proposing to remedy, as far as may be, the bar-
barities perpetrated on that occasion. It is very
singular that we are so prompt in appropriating
money to pay these Indian annuities, while we
permit the most barbarous and infa'mous acts of
barbarity to be perpetrated upon the Indians with-
out any effort to hold the guilty parties to punish-
ment. These Cheyenne Indians were murdered
in cold blood, and for the object of plunder, de-
liberately murdered while they were under the
protection of the Government of the United States,
agd while their interpreter was sleeping quietly
in his tent.
I do think, sir, that in connection with these
circumstances, the conduct of this Government is
most remarkable. We allow barbarities to pass
unnoticed, while we are remarkably prompt in
carrying out what seem to be the mere words of
our treaty stipulations. I might well insist that
the paragraph for the Cheyenne Indians should
be struck out, a large majority of them having
been murdered in cold blood by the United Slates
troops.
Mr. MORRILL. Does the gentleman from
Indiana propose, in order to remedy these bar-
barities, that we shall not live up to our treaty, and
not pay what we have stipulated to pay ? Is that
the way the gentleman would atone for these
barbarities t
Mr. HOLMAN. So far as the little remnant
of the tribe is concerned, it may be well enough
to continue the appropriation. But yet the gen-
tleman from Vermont, and other leading gentle-
men on that side of the House, may well blush at
the reflection that while we are carrying out these
treaty stipulations, we are allowing a Senate bill
to lie on the Speaker's table for a month, which
is intended to inflict some reasonable degree of
punishment on men who have been guilty of
wiping out nearly this whole tribe of Indians,
under the guns of a United States fort. I with-
draw my amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. Tne gentlemen from Indii
ana has had the opportunity ofmaking hisspeech.
He surely could not have been in earnest in of-
fering his amendment.
The SPEAKER. The amendment is with-
drawn.
Mr. BROOKS. In regard to the appropriation
for the Seminole and Creek Indians I should like
to have some assurance that the money is prop-
erly disbursed. These Creek Indians are partly
in the service of the Government, and receive pay
and rations from the Government.
Mr. MORRILL. The Committee of Ways
and Means has the information on the subject that
is contained in the report of the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs. My understanding of all these
appropriations for Seminole and Creek Indians is
that the larger portion of them has not been ex-
pended. That part that could be made to reach
the friendly Indians has been expended, but that
which was for the portion of them hostile to the
Government remains unexpended. After two
years the appropriation lapses and goes back to
the Treasury.
Mr. BROOKS. I am content to have arecoril
made of the fact. The gentleman from Vermont
supposes that much of this money is unexpended.
I think it ought not to be expended.
Mr. TOWNSEND. I move to amend by
striking out the following paiagraph:
For general incidental expenses of the Indian service in
New Mexico, presents of goods, agricultural implement*,
and other useful aiticles, and to assist ttiein to loeale nt
permanent abodes., and sustain themselves by the pursuits
of civilized lite, to be expended under the direction of the
Secretary of the Interior, $50,0U0.
I find on page 51 an appropriation of $746,000
for the Navajoe Indians of New Mexico, which,
with this ยง50,000, makes about ยง800,000 for the
Indians of New Mcxico. This sum is appropri-
ated, not to supply their necessities, but merely
to assist them to locate in permanent abodes. It
strikes me, Mr. Speaker, that, in view of the
great numbers of the inevitable negroes that are
about us and of the poor white refugees that must
be taken care of by the Government, we might
refrain from making appropriations to induce the
Indians to change their mode of life which they
have practiced for centuries.
Mr. HOLMAN. I make the point of order
that this appropriation is not to carry out any
treaty. I call upon the gentleman from Vermont
to state whether there is any law for it.
The SPEAKER. The appropriation is iden-
tical with that we made last year.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire merely to say, in
response to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Holman,] that the same appropriation for the
same purpose was made last year.
Mr. HOLMAN. Made last year for the first
time.
Mr. MORRILL. Merely as an appropriation.
It was formally recommended by the Department,
and I think our experience in the western part
of the country, on the plains, and in New Mexico
and Utah, and various other places, has been that
it is far better to expend a sum of money, small
in amount compared to that which we would be
compelled to expend should we become involved
in any Indian wars, such as have been frequent
for the last three or four years. It is a mere mat-
ter of policy on the part of the Government.
Mr. HOLMAN. The most serious difficul-
ties we have had with Indian tribes have been with
those tribes with whom we have treaty stipula-
tions, and to whom we have paid the money under
those treaties, and the most depredations have
been committed by those tribes who had no pos-
sible cause of complaint. There have been fewer
depredations committed by the Indians in New
Mexico than by the other tribes. And up to the
last session of Congress it never was deemed
necessary to make appropriations for their benefit.
We have had terribly devastating and bloody
wars with the tribes with whom we have had
treaty stipulations. So far as that is concerned,
we gain nothing by carrying out these treaty
stipulations and the payment of this money.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the para-
graph is in order, as it is continuing an appropri-
ation which Congress has commenced. The Chair
overrules the point of order of thegentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Holman.]
Mr. McBRIDE. I think the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Holman] is entirely mistaken in
regard to this appropriation. He tells the House
that there has been no war with Indians in New
Mexico. He certainly understands very little of
the history of that portion of our country when
he makes such a statement as that. I have been
informed by the Delegate from New Mexico,
[Mr. Perea,] that ever since the settlement of
that Territory, Arapahoe Indians have been the
I constant foes of the settlers there. Something less
than a year ago the military commandant of that
department succeeded in capturing a large mass
of the Indians and bringing them into the reserve
where they have been held by the military at the
expense of the Governmcht. It seems to me
that there can be no question as to the propriety
of this appropriation. The Government must
expend the amount either through the military
Department of the Government or through the
legitimate department of Indian affairs.
The cjuestion was then taken upon the motion
of Mr. Townse.vd to strike out the paragraph,
and it was not agreed to.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the
bill.
Mr. HOLMAN raised the point of order in
relation to the appropriation for the Indians lately
residing in Texas, that it was not an appropria-
tion authorized by Jaw.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. KERNAIV. I move to strike out the fol-
lowing paragraph:
Indian sftvice in the district of lountry hair J from the Choc-
taws Jot the Imilans lately louim? m Texas.
Tortiie expenses of colonistim, supporting, and furnish-
ing agricultural implements and sto< li. pay of necessary
employes, purchase of clothing, medicine-,, iron, and steel,
and maintenance of schools for Indian-, lately r-'Mdin!* in
Texas, to be expended under lbe direction of the rieeremry
of the interior,
I would not move or vote to strikeout anything
which I believed would really benefit these In-
dians. I have felt that they have been and proba-
bly are now wronged by us, and I do not believe
that a large sum of money appropriated for mis-
cellaneous purposes, for schools, for medicines,
&c., for the Indians lately residing in Texas, to be
expended under the direction of the Secretary of
the Interior, will do the Indians any good. I be-
lieve that the money appropriated for this purpose
is merely plundered by interested parties. There-
fore I think we should not make these appropri-
ations. There is no treaty, no law,no obligation
on our part which requires us to appropriate this
money. 1 shall be glad to be corrected; but from
all I can learn, these appropriations do the In-
dians no good. A set of men hang about these
Indians for the purpose of getting this money,
under the pretense of keeping schools for the In-
dians lately in Texas, and now the Lord knows
where. I think we should strike out this appro-
priation, unless the Committee on Indian Affairs
or some member acquainted with the subject will
show that it is likely to be of some service to
these wronged people.
Mr. KASSON. The pending paragraph reads,
" Indian service in the district of country leased
from the Choctaws for the Indians lately residing
in Texas." It thus appears that a contract has been
made by the Government with the Choctaws for
the purpose of providing for these Texas Indians
upon their reservation. It is well known that the
Choctaws are very intelligent and very well edu-
cated for Indians. This proposition is simply lo
extend to those who are now located upon apart
of this Choctaw reservation the same opportunity
for improvement and education which is nowex-
tended to the Indians living there. I hope this
paragraph will not be stricken out, unless the bur-
den of proof is assumed by those who oppose it,
to show that it is not for the benefit of the Indians.
The presumption is certainly in favor of carrying
out what has become the established policy of the
Government. Wherever this bill proceeds upon
the recommendations of the Department for carry-
ing otft that policy it is, I think, not only within
therule, as the Speaker has decided, but it car-
ries with it the presumption of propriety in car-
rying out the system which has been established
for the protection and education of these Indian
tribes who are thus taken from roving warfare and
introduced to the peaceful pursuits of civilization.
Mr. KERNAN. I move to amend by reducing
the amount of the appropriation to ยง10,000. Now,
I would ask whether existing treaties do not pro-
vide for the expenditure of whatever we ought to
expend. Will these Indians get the benefit of
any gratuity which we may appropriate?
Now, sir, with what we nowknowm reference
to the expenditures of these moneys among the
Indians, 1 think that the burden of proof is not
on those who propose to strike oula miscellaneous
appropriation for schools among roving Indians.
We should not, it appears to me, vote for any ap-
propriation unless some committee of the House
or some member can show either that we are
bound by treaty to make the appropriation or
that it will really do good to those for whom the
appropriation is made. We have not the money
to give away. I admit that we can provide for
no more deserving class than these Indians; and
if I thought that this appropriation would ben'
efit the Indians, such is my feeling in reference
to their wrongs, from all that I have ever read or
heard, that I would vote for the appropriation-
But I do not believe that it wilt benefit them.
The rule, I think, should be, not that we should
vole everything asked unless we can show it to
be wrons-, but that we should vote for no propo-
sition unless some committee or some member
can giie uk facts to justify our \ote.
Mr. WILSON. The first portion of this para-
graph provides for " the expenses of colonizing.
