1040
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 move to
add to the paragraph the following:
Provided, That the said extra clerks shall not be employed
after the lit day of January, 1868, unless specially piovided
for by law.
Mr. NELSON. I desire to make a statement
to the gentleman from Illinois. I have taken oc-
casion to read a great many of the treaties made
with the Indian tribes, but I confess that I have
read none of them in which the "poor Indian"
was not cheated. The gentlemaif asks about the
duties of these clerks. 1 find upon the files of the
Indian Office assignment after assignment, and I
have no doubt that it is necessary to have four,
five, or perhaps ten clerks to fill the record of as-
signments of claims, even while pending in Con-
gress.
Now, I think that if the gentleman from Illinois
will look into this subject he will agree with me.
I have no -doubt that every one of these clerks is
necessary. The duties of the office seem to be
very onerous and burdensome.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will mod-
ify my amendment by substituting the 30th of
June, 1866, for the 1st of January, 1866.
The amendment proposed by Mr. Wash-
burne, of Illinois, was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
amend the following clause:
For compensation of one clerk in the Indian Office, to
enable the Secretary of the Interior to carry out the regu-
lations prescribed to give effect to the seventh section of
Uie^act of March 3, ISoo, granting bounty lands to Indians,
By adding thereto the following:
Provided^ That the said clerk shall not he employed after
the 30th day of June, 1866, unless specially provided for by
law.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
insert after line eleven hundred and seventy-one
the words:
Provided, That said extra clerks shall not be employed
after tho 30ili day of June, 1866, utiles* specially provided
for by law.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following clause:
For the general inr idental expenses of the. Indian service
in Oregon and Washington Territory, including insurance
and transportation of annuity goods and presents, (where
iiocpfcial provision therefor is made by treaties.) and office
traveling expenses ot the superintendent and 4.ub-agcnu,
$3j,000. * '
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, I desire to
inquire what that means—"office traveling ex-
penses." °
Mr. MORRILL. I think that must be improp-
erly printed; it is a very trifling matter anyhow.
Mr. STEVENS. The word " and" between
the words " office" and 44 traveling expenses,"
seems to have been omitted.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to insert the word
"and" before the word "office."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move to reduce this appro-
priation to $30,000. I do it for the purpose of in-
quiring; from the gentleman from Vermontwhether
there has been any treaty with the Indians in
Oregon and Washington.
Mr. MORRILL. I would say in response to
the gentleman that I am not aware of the exist-
ence of any such treaty; but this appropriation is
in putsuance of the policy adopted last year.
Mr. WILSON. I understand all that. What
I want to know js whether we have any treaty
stipulations with these Indians, and jf so whether
there is any necessity for this additional appto-
prtauon.
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman from Oregon
[Mr. McBride] is on the Indian Committee.
Perhaps he can explain.
Mr. McBRlDE. I will strive to do so. The
object of this appropriation is to take care of
Indians with whom treaties were made in 1855.
Those treaties were never ratified, The Indians
were removed from their own lands to reserva-
tions, and have been there sustained by appro-
priations similar to this from that time until now.
No treaty stipulation actually exists with them,
ahh ough they are being taken care of by the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. WILSON. Do they receive nothing from
the Government under treaty5
Mr. McBRlDE. No, sir. j
Mr. WILSON. I with the gentleman from I
Oregon would state where these reservations are
located, how far they are apart, and whatamount
of traveling this superintendent will have to do
in order to discharge his duty.
Mr. McBRIDE. The superintendent live.s at
the capital of the State. The reservation is fifty
or sixty miles distant.
Mr. WILSON. That is u very convenient
way, sir.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I would inquire
of the gentleman from Oregon how many Indians
there are in that State.
Mr. McBRIDE. I cannot inform the gentle-
man.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa, I understand there
are but sr/en or eight thousand Indians in the
State of Oregon, and between thirty and forty
thousand in the Territory of Washington. I be-
lieve, from the records which I have examined,
that treaties have been made with every tribe of
Indians in the State of Oregon, that there are
agents theie taking care of these Indians, and
that appropriations have been made for the sup-
port and subsistence of these Indians so far as
Oregon is concerned.
Mr. WILSON. Inasmuch as my colleague
[Mr. Hubbard] cannot state the circumstances
in regard to the Indians in Washington Terri-
tory, I move to amend by reducing the appro-
priation from $35,000 to $25,000.
Mr. McBRIDE. 1 have only to repeat what
I said before, that these Indians were taken from
their lands and located by theGovernment under
a treaty made with them. The Government,
however, failed to perform its part of the con-
tract, and now, instead of receiving the annuities
which they expected to receive, and which the
Government stipulated to pay them, they are sim-
ply being subsisted at the expense of the Gov-
ernment on these reservations.
_ Mr. WILSON. Mr. Speaker, that cannot pos-
sibly be true, or the Committee of Ways and
Means has mistaken the facts in preparing this
bill, for there is an appropriation for certain ex-
penses, including insurance and transportation
of annuity goods and presents. Annuity goods,
I understand, are provided in pursuance of treaties
between the Government and the Indians.
Mr. McBRIDE. I think I can explain that
also. Some ot the treaties with the Indians were
ratified, and these appropriations for them seem
to have been expended by the Department.
Mr. WILSON. When were the treaties rati-
fied ?
Mr. McBRIDE. I do not know when they
were ratified.
Mr. WILSON. This is only the continuance
of a mode of appropriation which has not been
changed although treaties have been made with
these Indians. :
Mr. McBRIDE. I beg the gentleman's par- '
don, for I have been urging on the Government ;
ever since I have been hete to make new treaties |
with these Indians or to ratify the old ones. '
Mr. WILSON. Weil, this appropriation is
wrong. ,
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, the way I !
understand this matter is this: the Government
undertook to make treaties with these Indians, '
and, in pursuance of them, took possession of
their lands. The Government afterward failed !
to ratify most of the treaties, and kept the lands; .
and now it is proposed to keep the money.
Mr, WILSON. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to explain that provision of theap- '
propriation which provides for the appropriation
of annuity goods. IIow are we to deliyer an- ;
fiuity goods unless in pursuance of treaty stipu-
lations? :
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman must have '
understood me to say that most of the treaties
were not ratified. Some of tjiem were, but most
of them were not. i
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I move to amend ,
by striking out all but the last word. I rise for
the purpose of saying that I hope the amendment
of the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] will
not prevail.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Dawes.)
The Chair is informed that there is but one word
m the amendment of the gentleman from Iowa, '
[Mr. Wilso.v.]
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. Then I move to |
«tnk« out a part of that word. [Laughter.] ;]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from New York [Mr. Dams] will proceed.
Air. DAVIS, of New Yoik. 1 believe the In-
dians, not only those on the western const, but
also those all through the country, have been al-
ready defrauded sufficiently by the white people
of the country, and even by the Government it-
self, and I hope that at this day Congress will
not set the example of imposing flintier upon the
Indian tribes which have suffered so much at our
hands. I do not know of any Indians in any part
of the country who have Buffered more than the
poor defenseless tribes of Oregon and Washing-
ton. They have been warred upon mercilessly
by the whites. White speculators, traders, men
who have not the interests of the Indiana at heart,
have been there to deprive them of their 8ub-
stance and drive them from their lands; and they
are now on reservations away from the lands
where they were originally located; upon lands
appropriated to them by the Government, under
promise of subsidies and annuities.
Now, if there be any thing expressed or implied
on the part of the Government in relation to sup-
plies or annuities, we aifc bound in good faith and
honesty to see that the promises of the Govern-
ment are fulfilled. I say there is a promise; and
if the Government of this country has taken these
Indians from the lands where they once lived
happily and placed them on lands m reservation,
then I say that there is a moral promise on the
part of the Government to pay them something
to maintain them upon the lands to which they
have been removed. It is unfair and urfjuat in us
to take away what the policy and beneficence of
this Government lias hitherto given them. U is
shown here that year after year we have made a
similar appropriation to this, which now, in this
spirit of false economy, we propose to take away.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to terminate all de-
bate on this paragraph.
The motion was not seconded.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Jllinois. I think the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Davis] is labor-
ing under a misapprehension in regard to this
paragraph, it has nothing to do with appropria-
tions to Indians. It is for the general expense of
the Indian service m Oregon,including insuianee
and transpoitation of annuity goods and presents,
where no special provision is made therefor by
treaties, and office and traveling expenses of the
superintendent and sub-agents, $35,000. Now
what I complain of in this whole matter is, that
this Indian mil, instead of making appropriations
for carrying out treaty stipulations, is introdu-
cing new ni itter in making these various appro-
priations. Here is $3o,000 not for the benefit of
the Indians; the Indians get no sort of advantage
from these appropriations.
Mr. MORRILL. If we have annuities and
goods to carry to the Indians, how can they be
benefited by them jf we retain them here, and
do not send them there?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Thatis pro-
vided for by treaty. But this goes on to provide
for all matters not provided for by treaty. You
propose to appropriate the sum of $35,000. I
undertake to say the great proportion of thus sura
will go into the hands of this superintendent and
these sub-agents.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York, withdrew his
amendment.
Air. SLOAN. Mr. Speaker, I renew the
amendment.
I have no doubtof the truth of nil that has been
said by the gentleman from New York [Mr. Da-
vis] as to th« Indians of this country having been
wronged and dehauded in almost every conceiv-
able way. But I also behave that the proper
method of making reparation to the Indians doea
not consist in granting these general appropria-
tions to be expended in ihe discretion of the In-
dian Department; fur, Mr. Speaker, either that
department u the worst-abused bureau in the
whole Government, or it is the most corrupt'
Every gentleman with whom I have conversed,
who has had any knowledge of the way in which
the Indians are treated, of the way in which ap-
propriations lor their benefit are expended, of the
manner in which the annuities are paid to them 
even under treaty stipulations wheie the amount
and the kind of goods are specified, 1ms expressed
the belief that the Indians are almost invariably
wronged and in some way defrauded of £ large
