THE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED .BY F. & J. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1865.
New Series No.
part of these goods; that a considerable portion
never reaches them; and of the amount that they
do receive, the agents of the Government, through
their friends and tools, succeed in defrauding
them of a large portion.
1 believe, therefore, that we should not make
these general appropriations, to be expended by
the Indian department in its discretion, how and
■where it pleases, but should insert some provision
which will secure the payment to the Indians of
the money and the delivery of the property which
we design for them, and some provision under
which the department will be required to furnish
accounts and proofs to the proper committees of
Congress that the Indiansare fairly and honestly
dealt with. I believe that there ought to be a
radical change in our policy in relation to the
Indian tribes, a thorough reorganization of the
department which now has charge of this subject,
and that the House ought to put its condemnation
upon this system of voting general appropriations
to be expended under the discretion of any officer
of the Government. "These Indians are in distant
parts of the country. Even if the department
itself intends to administer-the law with entire
'honesty, and to treat them with justice, it is
obliged to depend upon agents who are beyond
the confines of civilization, who are beyond the
reach of our laws, whom it is almost impossible
to hold to a strictaccountability, because evidence
of their improper tiansactions cannot be obtained.
I believe that these general appropriations ought
to be stricken from this bill, that a specific appro-
priation for each particular tribe or party of In-
dians should be made, and that the department
should be required to prove in each case, by two
respectable witnesses who are not Indiap agents
orconnected with the service, that the money and
property approptiated is actually received by the
Indians or expended for their benefit.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Cobb, one of their Clerics, informing the
House that the Senate had passed bills and a joint
resolution of the following titles, in which they
requested the concurrence of the House:
An act (S. No. 452) to incorporate the Capitol
Hotel Company, in Washington city, District of
Columbia.
An act (S. No. 463) to amend an act entitled
"An act to amend an act entitled 'An act making
a grant of alternate sections of public lands to the
State of Michigan to aid in the construction of
certain railroads of said State,' " and for other
purposes; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 473) to extend the
time for constructing the Burlington and Missouri
River railroad in Iowa, and filing a map of relo-
cation.
Also,that the Senate had passed withoutamend-
rnent a bill and a joint resolution of the following
titles:
An act (H. R. No. 543) to increase the effi-
ciency of the medical corps of the Army; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 171) in the mat-
ter of Sergeant Daniel Coliett, jr., deceased.
Also, that the Senate had passed a bill and a
joint resolution of the following titles, with
amendments, in which they requested the con-
currence of the House:
An act (H. R. No. 600) for the reorganization
of the subsistence department; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 169) to provide
for the publication of a full Army Register.
indian appropriation bill again.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, all that has
been stated by the gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr. Sloan] may be true. I have no knowledge
of the fact that corruption exists in the Indian
department; but if I had knowledge, as the gen
tleman seems to have, of the utter rottennessand
corruption of that department 
Mr. SLOAN. I did not say that I had knowl-
edge of such corruption; I said that the general
belief among all those with whom' I had con-
versed was that such corruption existed.
66
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman certainly
asserted that it was the general belief; and I un-
derstood him to indorse that belief. Now, sir,
if I believed, as he believes, that that depart-
ment is rotten to the core, that it is robbing the
Indians as well a3 the Government, I should cer-
tainly have deemed it tny duty long ago to ask
for a committee of investigation to examine into
the facts. That would have appeared to me as
a solemn duty which I owed to this Government,
a duty which I could not neglect without violence
to my own conscience. But to stick here until
the last week of the session and say not one word
on the subject, neither to detect the frauds nor to
give the department an opportunity to vindicate
itself, it seems to me to be great injustice to that
department. To condemn it unheard and to
give it no opportunity of being heard, is what cer-
tainly does not become this House.
How, indeed, if fraud be suspected, are we to
make a correction by withholding this appro-
priation? These goods must be delivered to
these Indians or they will starve or go into insur-
rection.
We know the immense cost of transportation
in that western country, from this side of the
river and up the Missouri, for we examined that
subject at the last session of Congress. We found
that the freight cost three or four times as much
as the original price of the goods if we deliver
them on the other side. And shall these appro-
priations, with nothing but clamor against them,
be cut off? It would be unjust. It may be that
these men are corrupt. It may be that these
Indians have been cheated. I admit that they
have been cheated from the time the first Pilgrim
landed upon the continent until this day; that
treaties have been shams; and that wars upon the
part of white men have been mere murders; but
all that is no reason why we should now withhold
these appropriations to carry out the policy es-
tablished by this Government. The slaughterof
the men, women, and children of that country
would be the result.
I hope, sir, that we will not be led away. I
hope that my friend will get up an investigating
committee and have this matter thoroughly ex-
amined.
Mr. MORRILL. We are anxious to get a
vote on this bill to-night,and if possible to act on
the Navy appropriation bill; and I again move
that debate be closed on the pending paragraph.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SLOAN,-by unanimous consent, withdrew
his amendment.
The question then recurred on Mr. Wilson's
amendment, and it was disagreed to.
Mr. SHANNON. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the clause in reference to Califor-
nia was stricken out.
Mr. MORRILL. We are now acting as in
Committee of the W4hole,and the motion to re-
consider is not in order.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman insist
on the motion to reconsider?
Mr. SHANNON. I do not.
The Clerk read, as follows:
For defraying the expenses of the removal and subsist-
ence of Indians in Oregon and Washington Territory, (not
parties to any treaty,) and tor pay of necessary employes,
§o030g0.
Mr. WILSON. I move to reduce that to
$25,000. Mr. Speaker, I will state that this is
the third time that this appropriation has appeared
in an appropriation bill. It is the same amount
and for the same purpose, defraying the expenses
of the removal and subsistence of lifdians. It is
another set of Indians upon wheels. [Laughter.]
The Government keeps removing them. We do
not permit them to rest at all. Fifty thousand
dollars a year is expended in their constant re-
moval. Now, itdoesseem to me that before we
appropriate another $50,000 the committee should
be able to tell us how much it cost the first year
to remove these Indians, and then we can deduct
that and leave the rest for subsistence. I think
it would cost about one half, and I have made the
deduction accordingly.
Mr. McBRIDE. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman
seems to be acting on a single idea, and that is to_
reduce the appropriation. Hisaction is not based
upon any knowledge of what he is doing.
The gentleman says that this is for the removal
of Indians, and has appeared in the appropriation
bills before. That is true; but the previous ap-
propriations do not necessarily apply to the same
Indians. Every year treaties are being made
with Indians and they are being removed to res-
ervations. In some cases they have no annu-
ities, and we are compelled to subsist them. The
policy of the department has been, as fast as they
can get the control of the Indians, to place them'
upon reservations. These Indiansare merely sub-
sisted at the expense of the Government. J hope
that the gentleman will not be permitted to cut off
their supplies.
Mr. WILSON. I do not propose to cut off
their supplies; but I do propose to reduce this to
what I believe to be a proper amount. As the
gentleman has questioned my information, of
course he should know more than I do. I would
like him to tell us how many tribes were removed
in Oregon the first year, year before last, for which
this appropriation was made; how many tribes last
year; and how many are to be removed hereafter.
Mr. McBRIDE. I cannot inform the gentle-
man.
Mr. WILSON. Then the gentleman has no
more information than I have.
Mr. McBRIDE. 1 have some and the gentle-
man has none.
Mr. WILSON. I wish he would give us some
information, for 1 certainly have not receivedany.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania says it costs
too much to educate us here. I presume it does;
for 1 have noticed that whenever an attemptupon
the part of members of this House to cut down
appropriations is made, and when we seek to get
information to enable us to see whether appro-
priations should or should not be reduced, we
find them maintained by the Committee of Way®
and Means in spite of all the efforts made to "re-
duce them, and they are maintained by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means not always with the
best of reasons. Now, I ask the Committee of
Ways and Means to tell us how many of these
Indians were removed last year, how many year
before last, and how many still remain to be re-
moved.
Mr. McBRIDE. I know that this appropri-
ation is considerably less than the estimates of
former years. There has been an unexpended
balance remaining in the Treasury.
Mr. WILSON. The gentleman from4Oregon
tells us there was an unexpended balance remain-
ing over, and yet we are asked to appropriate the
same amount we appropriated last year and the
year before, from which appropriations this un-
expended balance has accrued.
The question recurring upon the motion to
strike out,and there being,on a division, no quo-
rum voting,
The SPEAKER ordered tellers, and appointed
Messrs. Wilson and J. G. Allen-.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 49, noes 44.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ROSS. If it is in order 1 move that this
bill be recommitted to the Committee of Ways
and Means, with leave to report at any time when
they shall have made themselves sufficiently
familiar with the bill to explain its provisions.
[Laughter.]
Mr. SHANNON. That would amount to aa
indefinite postponement.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Dawes in
the chair.) In the opinion of the Chair it is in
order to move to recommit, but so much of the
gentleman's motion as is of a general character is
not in order. #
The motion was not agreed to, M
Mr. SHANNON. I have no doubt that The
House, in merely playful good-humor, voted out
