1042
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23
the appropriation for the California Indians, on
page 48; and if it is in order, I move to reconsider
the vote by which that paragraph appropriating
$55,000 was stricken out.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a point of order.
This bill is being considered in the House as in
Corfimitteeofthe Whole on the state of the Union,
where a motion to reconsider is not entertained.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair over-
rules the point of order. It is impossible, hy the
order that this bill should be considered by the
House as in Committee of the Whole, that the
House should be deprived of the power of recon-
sidering its action.
Mr, HOLMAN. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
Mr. HIGBY. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is not.
Mr. SHANNON. I ask the gentleman from
Indiana to withdraw his motion for a moment.
Mr. HOLVIAN. I will, of course.
_ Mr. SHANNON. I want that vote recon-
sidered in order that I may present the question
to the House once more, to see whether they
really intend to cut off that appropriation or not.
There is no question butthat some appropriation
should be made in order to preventan Indian war
there which would cost hundreds and thousands
of dollars for every one here refused to be voted.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the gentleman will say that
this is an appropriation to carry out an existing
Jaw, i will vote with him.
Mr. SHANNON, it is in conformity to a state
of things which has existed there years.
Mr. HOLMAN. Was there any treaty under
which thisis claimed? Wherever there isa treaty
requiring an appropriation this hill expressly says
so, and points out the treaty itself. This is an
appropriation of$55t000 for the purchase of cattle
for beef and milk, together with clothing and
food, teams and farming tools, for the Indians in
California—a mere general appropriation.
Mr. SHANNON. I will say forthe informa-
tion of the gentleman from Indiana that we have
no formal tieaty, butwe have an agreement and
understanding which amounts to the same thing.
Under the existing system established by the Gov-
ernment these Indians are collected upon the reser-
vations with a promise of being maintained, and
that system must be abandoned and the Indians
turned loose if you fail to appropriate any money.
Mr. HIGBY. The condition of ourlndian af-
fairs issimply this: the Government has set apart
a large tract of land and gone to a great expense
tor the purpose of taking care of the Indians.
Upon these lands the Indians reside. A part of
the land is devoted by them to agricultural pur-
poses, and upon the remainder they fish and hunt;
and in those two ways they obtain a livelihood.
The Government has wisely pursued the course
of setting apart lands, gathering the Indians upon
them as much as possible, and making an annual
appropriation toward their maintenance. The In-
dians have been kept so for a number of years.
Up to last year there were three reservations, but
by the legislation ofiastsession they were reduced
to two. If they are to be left without any means
they will, as has been said, be turned loose, and
the consequence will be an Indian war, and the
blood of'.he white man will boshed as it has been
heretofore. Followingupon that, of course, would
be the necessity ot sending a large military force
-to look after them; and that will create the"neces-
sity for a very much larger appropriation than is
asked for here.
I cannot say whether this amount is the ri°-ht
one to be appiopriated, but that something should
appropriated is imperatively necessary, and 1
trust this House will not allow this bill to pass
without inciuditijsuch an appropriation in it.
Mr. WILSON. { ask the gentleman from
California if he does not think that one half of
this amount would be sufficient.
Mr. HIGBY. J will say to the gentleman in
nil frankness that I do not know what amount
. o, fae appropriated. J do not know whether i
! should be one third; one half, or the whole of !
the amount. Cut that some appropriation is ne- i
ces-sary for this purpose I have not the least heal- I
tation in saying. I
The question was taken on Mr. Shaxvos-'s '
motion; anu u was agreed to.
§0 the* vote striking out the paragraph was re- !J
CoMiUtwd. j
The question recurred on the motion to strike
out the following paragraph:
For the purchase of cattle for beef and milk, together
Willi clothing and food, teams, aud farming toob, lur In
dians iti California, ,555,000.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the para-
praph«bv reducing the amount to §30,000.
Mr. SHANNON. Make it $40,000.
Mr. WILSON. Let it stand at $30,000. •
Mr. SHANNON. I movetoamend the amend-
ment by making the amount §40,000.
Mr. KASSON. Mr. Speaker, 1 wish to say
since this subject has been up, that I concur, oil
specific information from the Department, with
the views and representations made by the gen-
tlemen from Oregon and California respectively.
I find that there are about four thousand Indians
011 certain reservations 111 California named by
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs in his report.
He goes into details and furnishes the reports of
the sub-agents. He shows the policy that has
been adopted, points out its advantages, and pro-
poses to continue that policybythe concentration
of the roving Indians. He gives in detail all the
information which any man can expect to get
fiom a report, showing the beneficial results of
the poliey adopted recently in the managementof
Indians. He also discusses the effect of the act
to provide for the better organization of Indian
affairs in California, under which all these ap-
propriations have been made establishing that
policy. And when we recollect that, as late as
June last we had an Indian war in California, I
submit to gentlemen in all seriousness whether
it 13 safe for us in this House to provoke a re-
newal of the war, and an extension of it, by re-
fusing appropriations to those Indians.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to ask my colleague
if he can state to the House whether there is or
is not an unexpended balance remaining over from
the appropriation of last year, or of the year be-
fore last.
Mr. KASSON. There is no unexpended bal-
ance. This is the identical amount that was ap-
propriated before; and they have become accus-
tomed to this amount being appropriated for this
specific purpose.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. And it
makes no difference whether most of it is stolen or
not.
Mr. KASSON. Indian wars are often pre-
vented by the fact that some of the money is stolen.
| The Senate of the United States has even, by a
\ secret article, added to one of its treaties, express-
ly provided for a certain payment, which the In-
dians themselves are not to be made acquainted
with. Any man who knows the mode of man-
aging these Indians in the western country knows
that certain men control hundreds' of Indians;
and if we can buy such men, as we sometimes
can, as low as one hundred or one hundred and
fifty dol'ars, there is no person acquainted with
the conduct of our Indian affairs who would not
justify us in securing them by buying them up.
This system has been established and repeatedly
acted upon, and any sudden or marked change
in the conductof affairs will tend to produce war
with these Indians.
Mr. SHANNON. I desire to say that my
colleague is mistaken in stating there were but
two reservations, ihere are three: one recently
established near the Oregon hue, in Klamath
county,another in Hoopa valley, in the mount-
ainous region of country, and another in Round
valley, m Coast range.
Mr. HIGBY. I will ask my colleague [Mr.
Sherman] it the number of reservations was not
reduced last year. I so understood from the
committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir.
Mr. STEVENS. They were collected together
last year. But one ot the tribes, living upon this
side of some mountains there, was taken over
toward the Pacific ocean toanew reservation fixed
there, upon which this appropriation was made ,
Mr. SHERMAN. I withdraw my amendment;
and I hope tins House will adhere to the appro- !
pnatiou of §55,000.
The question was upon the motion of Mr. I
vv i!.<-on 10 induced the appropriation from 853,000 '
to >au,o;io. '
Tiie amendment was not agreed to. !
i he motion to strike mit the .paragraph was '*
not agreed to.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the
bill.
Mr.PRUYM. I move to add the words " pav-
-I able in coin" to the following paragraph:
! j For payment of interest on $1stock,
, hH<i by th<* s$ecreUr> of the J it<Ti<>r iti tru-i for v.tfj.jui
• Indian tribes up to ;tud including the iiiter<\-t pav able jfiiv
I, 1, I8ri6, $416,433 o . y
ij Mr,WILSON. 1 do not know but this amend-
ment should be adopted, as it comes from arriem-
|j ber of the Committee of Ways and Means. As
|| we cannot get that committee to cut down the
11 appropriations, we may be able to help them iu-
1J crease them,
jj Mr. MORRILL. The habit of the gentleman
, from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] lias become chronic
■ on every occasion that is proper or improper, to
: come before this House and endeavor to stab the
, Committee of Ways and Means. I In* appears ths-
| posed to do so. I undertake to say that the qms-
, j lions which that gentleman lias propounded here
i on several occasions to tin; Committee of Ways
:| and Means have been utterly preposterous, and
j he has no right to complain that they were not
| answered. There is no man in this House, how-
j, ever robust he may bp in constitution, and how-
'[ ever great may be his intelligence, who could un-
>1 dertake to master ail the infinite details in relation
I to every appropriation bill. He might as well
f| undertake to ask us how many stones have been
j already put into the foundation of a fort when an
' appropriation for the completion of such fort is
; under consideration,-as to ask some of the ques-
, j tions which the gentleman has asked, and when
he undertakes to stigmatize the whole of the
Ij Committee of Ways and Means as being; in favor
;{ of the largest expenditures, and always going for
;| the largest sums. For one I protest against Has
'j being untrue in point of fact. There~art; mem-
,, bers of this House belonging to the Committee
: i of Ways and Means who are as h uly eeononn-
j cal as the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson)
| —though the smallest sum is notalways the tru-
est economy—and for one J am not disposed to
submit to these constant and repeated attempts
to—I will not say blackguard the Committee of
Ways and Means, but to undermine the conndence-
of the House, by leading them to suppose that the
committee have not given sufficient attention to
these appropriation bills.
Now, in relation to the amendment proposed
| by the gentleman from New York [Mr. Pruiv.v],
,i I will say that as the Department has not ask^d
ij that these sums be paid in com 1 hope the amend-
j^nenl will mu he adopted.
<i Mr. WILSON. I move, pro forma, to anaend
j, the%mendment so as to provide that one half the
; amount shall be payable in coin.
!j Now, Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. Morrill] neither does justice to him-
self nor to me. 1 have not blackguarded the
Committee of Ways and Means, and I have no
disposition to do so. I never indulge In such
things. But I do assert here now, as I have as-
serted on many other occasions, tlmi thus H->use
is not able to get fiom the Committee of Ways
and Means that information in relation to their
bills, especially appropriation bills, to which we
are entitled. 1 said on a for mer occasion (hat f
had no disposition to charge that the committee
do not do all that they can to uiforro themselves;
nor do 1 make that charge now. I know,asevery
member of this House knows, that the Commtt-
j tee of Ways and Means has labored more dili-
j gently probably than any other committee; but £
j know also that the members of committees cannot
| possibly inform themselves as to the details of all
their measures; and what I have said during tins
session of Congi^ss in reguid to thai committee
and in regard to the infoi mation thai we get from
them, has be^n for the purpose of fixing upon the
minds of members of this Hou-je the necessity of
organizing at least three committers that shall
have ehaige of (hat business the extent of which
now renders it impossible for the Committee of
Ways and Means to so inform themselves to
enlighten the House upon every matter of detail
m the bills that they report. My remarks on
this subject have been prompted hy no ill-will or
unkind telling toward any member of that com-
mittee, hut by a conviction that the best interests
of the country demand that the business of that
committee shall be divided among several com-
mittees, in order to secuie that completeness of
