18G5.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
277
Mr. WASHBUIINE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Ward] who had
charge of the matter suid that he would make no
objection.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE,of Illinois. Then 1 move
to suspend the rules in order that the House may-
take up and consider the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the joint resolution (II. R. No. 5fi) author-
izing the President of the United States to give
to the Government of Great Britain the notice re-
quired for the tetmination of the reciprocity treaty
of the 5th of June, A. D. 1854.
The question was taken; and, two thirds voting
in favor of it, the rules were suspended, and the
resolution was taken up.
The Senate propose to amend the joint resolu-
tion by striking out the whole thereof, including
the preamble, and inserting in lieu thereof the
following:
Whereas it is provided in the reciprocity treaty, con-
cluded at YVu-htngtou the 5th of June. 1854, between the
United States of the one part and the United Kingdom of
Great Britain and Iieland of the other part, that this treaty
u remain m force for ten yeais fioin the date at which it
may come into operation, and fmther until the cxpuation
of twelve months aftei eithei of the high contracting par-
tics *>hall give notice to the other of its wi-h to terminate
the same and wheiea* it appeals by a proclamation of
the PieMiientot the United States?, beating date IBih Miuch,
18.v3, that the treaty came into operation on that day; and
wheteas, tui ther,it is no longer tort he interest- oi the Uni •
ted States to continue the panic in foicn : Therefore,
Rcsoh-cd bif the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
notice be given of the termination of the retiproi ity treaty,
according to the piovi.-ion iheiein contained for the temi
Ination of thesaine; and the Pres-ideutofthelJnited States
is hereby charged with the communication of such notice
to the Government of the United Kingdom of Gieat JJultun
and ii eland.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
previous question on the amendments.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The amendment to the joint resolution was
agreed to.
The amendment to the preamble was also agreed
to.
The Senate further proposed to amend the titlo
of the joint resolution so as to read:
A joint i evolution pioviding for the termination of the re-
cipioeity treaty of the.">ih of June, 1834, between the United
States and Great Dutain.
The amendment to the title was agreed to.
Mr. WASIiBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the several votes by which the, amend-
ments of the Senate were concurred in, and also
moved to lay the motion to luconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DUTY ON PRINTING PAPER.
Mr. WASHGURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to introduce the
following joint resolution:
Be it rcioIt al, $c., That in lieu of the duty on punting
paper, unsized, used foi books and newspaper* exclusively,
now levied by Jaw, there shall be levied, collected, and
paid a duty oi three per cent, ad valoicm.
Mr. KASSON. Is the resolution offered for
consideration now?
Mr. "WASIiBURNE, of Illinois. It is for con-
sideration at tins time.
Mr. KASSON. This subject is before the
Committee of Waysand Menus, and forthat rea-
son I must object to the consideration of the res-
olution at this time.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I will ask
the gentleman from Iowa when the Committee of
Ways and Means will consider this subject. _
Mr. IvASSON. I hope this week. They have
an exti a session this evening for special and more
important business. I ask the gentleman at least
to postpone the resolution.
Mr. WARHRURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman thinks there will be some action on the
subject this week and that the Committee of
Ways and Means will report to the House, I will
withdraw the jomtresolution.
Mr. KASSON". I think there will be.
Mr. WASIiBURNE, of Illinois. I withdraw
the joint lesolution.
PIILXTING OF PUBLIC DOCUMENTS.
Mr. A. AY. CLARK, by unanimous consent,
introduced the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to.
Resolved, That the Joint Committee oil Punting be
instructed to inquire into the cause of delay in printing the
public documents, and torepoti whatmea&ures, if any, are
necessary to expedite the same.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of "Ways
and Means, reported a bill making appropriations
for the naval service for the year ending30th June,
I86G; and moved that it be referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
ordered to be printed,and made the special order
for Thursday next.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for the
reading of the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suggest to the gentleman
from Illinois that the right to raise points of order
in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on this bill be reserved,
Mr. WASIiBURNE, of Illinois. That is my
object.
Mr. STEVENS. I have no objection to that
reservation being made.
The bill was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, ordered to be printed, and made the
special order for Thursday next, and from day
to day qiitil disposed of. " *
WAYS AND MEANS.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, also reported a bill to amend an act
entitled " An act to provide ways and means for
the support of the Government, and for otiter pur-
poses," approved June 30, 1864; and for other
purposes; and moved that it be referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
and made the special order for Wednesday next.
Mr. ANCONA called for the reading of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of Ways
and Means have a right to report general appro-
priation bills at any time; but this is not a bill of
that character.
Mr. STEVENS. If there be any difficulty
about it, 1 will withdraw the bill till the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means be called.
Mr. ANCONA. I did not object. I only de-
sired to know what the bill was. I withdraw the
demand for the reading of the bill.
The bill was read a first and second time, or-
dered to be printed, and made the special order
for Wednesday next, and from day to day until
disposed of.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, also reported back the Senate amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 020) to supply defi-
ciencies in the appropriations for the service of
the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1865.
Mr. BROOKS; 1 object to the amendments
being considered in the llouse. They have not
been printed, and we ought to have some expla-
nation of them.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the amendments
be referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state ofthe Union, and made the special oider for
to-day.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itselfinto
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, [Mr. Boutwf.ll
in the chair,] and piocceded,as a special order,
to the consideration of the Senate amendments to
the deficiency bill.
First amendment of the Senate:
Insert the following:
To supply a deficiency for compensation of clerks in the
Denver bi.wch nunt,$J">0.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Socond amendment:
Insert the following:
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for the branch
mint at San Fianci?eo, £131,889 (58.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Third amendment:
Fuilce cut the following:
Z'ui the ssuppoit and maintenance of the convicts trans-
ferred from the District of Columbia, at such place or places
as may be selected by the Secretary of the Interior, $30,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
Strike out the following;
To enable the Clerk of the House of Representatives to
execute the resolutions of the House of Juiy'4,1864, direct-
ing payment of additional compensation to its officers,
clerks, and other employes, and to the House reporters for
the Congressional Globe, a sum sufficient for the purpose,
being $37,991 4U, is hereby appropriated out of any, money
iti the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, and ther-ame i$
hereby added to the contingent fund of the House of Repre-
sentatives; but no payments shall be made under this pro-
vision to any other persons than the clerks, officers, and
other employes ofthe House and the reporters for the Con-
gressional Globe.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. PRICE. Mr. Chairman,I understand that
the effect of adopting the recommendation ofthe
Committee of Ways and Means will be to pay
this additional amount. I hope the House will
not vote for any resolution to pay additional sums
to any employes, and that the amendment of th©
Senate will be concurred in.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was non-concurred in, there being, on a division
—ayes six, noes not counted.
Fifth amendment:
Strike out the following:
For salary of the commissioner for codifying the naval
laws, und<*r joint resolution ofMarch 3,1863, Iroiu July 1,
J864j to March 3, 1865, $2,025.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. SPALDING. I think, Mr. Chairman,
that the action of the Senate is correct, and that
the House ought not to vote that appropriation.
If I am correctly informed the services of that
commissioner terminated some time ago, and he
received his full pay. I know of no proprietyin
giving him another year's salary, and I hope the
House will not overrule the action of the Senate
in this respect.
Mr STEVENS. I think the appropriation
made by this House is right, and I ask to have
a letter on the subject read.
The Clerk read,as follows:
439 II Street, Washington, January 12, 1865.
My Pkar ym: I see by the Globe of yesteraay mat the
Senate amended the deficiency bill bv PtriIun?out my sal -
aiy as commissioner of the code of naval laws. This, I
piesiime, iia.^ been done under some misapprehension ot the
I was appointed commissioner in the spring of
In March, 1864,1 reported to the House adiaftof a code,
complete, except a chapter upon the pay ot theoiFiceis and
employe-, and a chapter specifically repealing the old laws
which*should be repealed.
Copies, ol the code, after it was printed, were distributed
among the several bureaus, and the officers of the Navy «uid
othei^ interested, for suggestions ot amendment or cuti-
cism. Many or' them were returned to mc with valuable
suggestions.
1 leinaincd here during the residue of the last session en-
deavoung to get action upon it m the House committee^
Jt was distributed toscveial sub-commiitees (or examina-
tion, hut was not considered in committee or lepoited to
the House.
Dining the rcGe«s I saw the chairman of the committee,
(Hon. Mr. Rice,) and, by arrangement with lum, came
here at the opening of tin- session; and I have picpaied a
copy with icierences to ail the former laws and also with
reierenccs. noted and wnttcn on each page to ail the amend-
ments winch have been pioposed. Tins 1 have now sub-
mitted to the committee, and expect their action. I can
hardly expect it will be agreed upon and reported so as to
p.i«P hef.no the end ofthe ^esMon, or nearly the end,and 1
shall he compelled to remain in attendance.
I respectfully submit, therefore, that the provision for
my s.Uaiy should be retained in the bill, and X beg you to
submit this statement to the committee.
I am, veiy respectfully, youi obedient ^rvant,
(,\ B. bLD<* vv IC h,
Commissionei of Naval Code.
Mr. STEVENS. I think that that letter suffi-
ciently explains this matter, and shows that the
appropriation is quite small enough for the time
employed. The work done by this gentleman
since the last session is very valuable. Without
it, indeed, the whole code would be almost unin-
telligible.
Mr. GANSON. I would ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] whether this
commissioner, or whatever he is, has had any
compensation previous to this, and if so how much.
Mr. STEVENS. For one year.
Mr. GAIN SON. Up to what time?
Mr. STEVENS. Up to last spring, I think.
Mr. GANSON. I understand from the com-
