278
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
murncation that has just been read, that this com-
pensation is for trying to lobby this report through
the committee.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman could not
have heard the communication read. The com-
mtsaioder made an index to the book, and did
other work which was deemed necessary.
Mr. SPALDING. I would ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Steyens] if this appro-
priation has been recommended by the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. STEVENS. We have had no recommend-
ation from them on any subject.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. If I understand
the fact in relation to the services of the commis-
sioner in the preparation of this naval code, it is
something like this: during the last session of
Congress Mr. Sedgwick did make a partial re-
port notacomplete report. The committeefound,
on examining the report, that it was in such form
as to render it impossible for them to determine
what was the codification of the existing laws,
and what part of tjie reportinvolvcd new proposi-
tions submitted by himself—original propositions.
The report was distributed among the members
of the committee, and they took into consider-
ation the subjects assigned to them respectively.
There was no further report in relation to the codi-
fication from the commissioner. I suggested to
him that the committee would desire that he should
enable them by marks and signs to distinguish
what was original and that which lie had sup-
plied. And within a few days past, within a week
past, I have found on the table of the committee
this amended report, which I supposed was what
was required by the committee, and they will im-
mediately take the subject into consideration and
report upon it as soon as they can do so. In re-
gard to any recommendations of the Committee
on Naval Affairs to the Committee of Ways and
Means, I will state that the committee has re-
ceived no information whatever from the Secie-
tary of the Navy which would enlighten them
upon any propositions which were before the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. PIKE. I would suggest to the committee
that if we vote this appropriation there would
seem to be no reason why the next House should
not make an additional appropriation, and make
the office continuous and perpetual. The Com-
missioner made a partial report, as lie states in
hia letter, on the 4th of March of last year. lie
was asked to specify what particular laws were
amended, and what changes were made. The
House, remained in session until some time in July,
but no additional report was received. The only
portion of the code changed at the last session, as
members will recollect, was in relation to the prize
laws, and that was from a draft by the district
attorney and the district judge of the district of
Massachusetts. For myself J see no reason in
the world for such an appropriation as this.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I would say
that so much of the code aw related to the prize
law was part of a separate bill.
Mr. PlICE. That is whatl stated; from a draft
drawn by district attorney Dana and district judge
Sprague.
Mr. GANSON. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Maine [Mr. Pike] if this commis-
sioner has any peculiar qualifications for the po-
sition. Was he ever at sea? Does he know
anything about the subject? Or is he a mere
lawyer from Syracuse, in the State of New
York?
Mr. PIKE. I would Ray in reply to thatques-
tion,that I have a very high respect for the com-
missioner, with whom I served in Congress while
he held the position of chairman of the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs. And i have no objection
to paying him a reasonable sum for his services;
but it seems to me that he has already been paid
a reasonable sum.
Mr. LITTLEJOHN. This gentleman, the
commissioner, served as chairman of the Naval
Committee of this House, and perhaps there is no
gentleman here or elsewhere who is better qualified
to discharge the duty imposed upon him than Mr.
Sedgwick. He has given this question a great
deal of attention, arid much time and research.
And from the investigation I have been able to
make I am satisfied that the gentleman is entitled
to compensation therefor.
Mr. GANSON. I would like to ask my col-
league [Mr. Littlejokn] if he ever read the re-
port or the codification.
Mr. LITTLEJOHN. In reply to that I will
say that I have seen the report and a portion of
the codification, but have not read it. But I have
satisfied myself, fi*>m the examination I have
made, that it has required a vast amount of time
and research, and that this gentleman is entitled
to compensation for the labor he has performed
for the public.
Mr. GANSON. I would also ask the gentle-
man what proposition is made by the commis-
sioner that he deems of value to the naval service
in that report.
Mr. LITTLEJOHN. Iam not in the habit
of being cross-questioned by gentlemen. I will
simply reply, that all the laws affecting the Navy
have been condensed and brought together, so that
heads of Departments, and all otheis who desire
to obtain infoinmtion, will be able to understand
all questions relating to the laws of the Navy,
which can be obtained from this one volume.
Mr. PI ICE. Does not the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Litti.kjoiin] think that fifteen months,
at a salary of $3,000 a year, is sufficient time to
accomplish that purpose when the product is a
pamphlet of perhaps about two hundred pages?
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. In behalf of the
gentleman who is named as commissioner of the
naval code, I would like to say one word here.
By an act of Congress he was entitled to an an-
nual salary while employed in the service of the
Government upon this work. The salary for last
year 1 suppose was paid him. Now, if I un-
derstand the declaration of the chairman of the
Naval Committee [Mr. Rice, of Massachusetts]
that committee had a right to suppose, after he
had presented the labois of the last year to the
committee, that his further services would be re-
quired in preparing or following out the sugges-
tions which had been made to hnn by the chair-
man of the Naval Committee. And in that woik
he has since been engaged. The result of his
woik has been produced to this House and has
been accepted by that committee. And I question
very much the fairness of saying now that for
this labor, which has been bestowed with the
knowledge and at the suggestion of that commit-
tee, this commissioner is not entitled to compen-
sation from this Government. I believe that
under the circumstances compensation, to some
extent at least, should be awarded to him.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. I3ike] whetberhe is aware that
any service has been performed by this commis-
sioner since the last payment was made.
Mr. PIKE. I will say in reply, that so far as
I have learned at the Department, no service has
been performed since the last payment was made.
I am not disposed to deny one word that Mr.
Sedgwick states in his letter. 1 only speak so far
as I know; and 1 have made inquiries on the sub-
ject.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I stated when
I was upon the floor before, that within a few days
past there has been laid upon the table of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs a communication from the
commissioner for revising this code, which, I un-
derstand , embraces'a statement of the matter of
his work, distinguishing that which ia in the ex-
isting laws from that which is new. 1 suppose
that that work has been performed by him since
the adjournment of Congress, or since March last.
The amendment was concurred in.
Sixth amendment;
Insert the following:
N.ivy D< partmcnt, nureau of Navigation:
For binnacles, binnacle lamps, and alidades; for bunting,
muslin,and sewing materialstoj ensigns.jacks,distinctive
Ila«>, and marks, signal tlags, and foreign llag^, and for mak-
ing Hags of all kinds ; for logs, tog lines, log reels, log slates,
log paper, log books, and sandglasses ; for leads, load reels,
lead lines, armings lor leads, and s-oundinc cup* ; and lor
signal apparatus other than signal Hags, $1:23,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was not concurred in.
Seventh amendment:
Insert the following:
For freight ami transportation of navigation materials,
instruments, books, and stores; for postage on public let-
ter; Jor the telegraphing of proposals; for packing-boxes
and material; for blank-books, forms, and stationery at
navigation oihce; for maps, drawings, models; and for in-
cidental expenses not applicable to any other appropriation,
$3,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was not concurred in.
Eighth amendment:
Insert the following:
For the putchase of nautical and astronomical instru-
ments, nautical books, maps, and chaits; and lor repairs
of instruments} and tor binding and backing books and
charts, $100,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concunence.
The amendment was not concurred in.
Ninth amendment:
Insert the following:
Bureau of Equipment and Recruiting:
For fuel f«n I'je Navy, and for the transportation and ex-
penses thereof, §5,347,400.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concuirence.
Mr.WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As the amount
of this item is large, I would like to have some
explanation of it.
Mr. STEVENS. At the time when this defi-
ciency bill was prepared the Navy Department
had not sent in any estimate for deficiencies. They
sent in the estimate just as the bill was passing
here. The committee examined it, and did not
see how they could reject it, because it was for
debts already incurred. So they sent it to the
Senate to be put on there. The paper containing
the estimates has not come back from that body.
I remember that, among other things, it men-
lioned that at the time the original estimates were
made, coal was seven or eight dollars per ton,
whereas the Department was actually obliged to
pay twelveor fourteen dollars per ton; that there-
fore the increased expense asked to be met in this
deficiency bill had been necessarily incurred to
keep the Navy in motiun. The committee were
satisfied that the amount was faiily estimated;
and although we did not recommend the item
here, we asked the Senate to put it on, and they
have done it.
Mr. BROOKS. I wish to ask the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means whether he
remembers what was the deficiency for fuel in the
last deficiency bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 know that it was very large
—larger than this, if I remember correctly. I
make the inquiry for the purpose of suggesting to
the Navy Department (I have no other means of
doing it) that, in the regular bill which we shall
shortly act upon, they should estimate for fuel
sums sufficiently high to cover the whole year, so
that we shall not have these immense deficiency
bills.
Mr. STEVENS. I believe the amount is very
large; but it will be remembeied that since last
year coal has increased in price almost one half.
I understood that the amount of fuel used has
been barely sufficient—that the Department lias
been obliged to purchase nil it has bought. This
fuel has been purchased by the Government, and
I suppose of course it ought to be paid for.
IVlr. WASIiBURNE, of Illinois. 1 would ask
the gentleman whether this coal is bought by con-
tract or in open market.
Mr. STEVENS, Jn both ways, as I under-
stood—generally by contract, unless where theie
is a demand which must be immediately met.
Mr. WAfcHBURNE, of Illinois.. Well, Mr.
Chairman, if it is bought by contract I do not see
how this deficiency could arise. The Navy De-
partment, I take it, estimates originally at the con-
tract price.
Mr. STEVENS. But they do not make the
contracts at the time of the estimate. They made
contracts, of course, through the summer, six
months after they made the estimates.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 have no right to answer the
question on behalf of the present Administration,
but if the gentleman will permit me, 1 will say
thijt the quantity of coal consumed is much larger
than was estimated for by the Department. It
has not been so much the increased price of coal
as the increased quantity consumed.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman will look
at the report, he will find that we have one hun-
dred vessels more than we had last year.
Mr. BROOKS. There is another subject to
which I wiah to call the attention of the Navy
Department through this House, and that is that
in their estimates they fail to look to the expan-
sion of the currency. For example, if the war
