THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBI.
February 28,
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill.
Mr. WASHI3URNE, of llfiuois. 1 move to
amend by strikingouttheparagraph contatnedin
lines twelve hundred'and eighty-one and twelve
hundred and eighty-three,--inclusive, as follows:
For salary of a special agent to take charge of Winne-
bago and Pottawatomie Indians now in tile State of Wis-
consin, $1,500.
I see that the last provision in the bill is an ap-
propriation of $10,000 to enable tine Secretary of
the interior to take charge of certain stray bands
of Winnebago and Pottawatomie Indians in the
Slate of Wisconsin.
Mr. RANDALL,''of Pennsylvania. I would
inquire of the gentleman from Illinois whether
this agency is authorized by law.
Mr. WASHBURN i£,of Illinois. I suppose it
is not, but I really feel afraid to inquire of the
gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] for
fear'he will consider it an indignity to the com-
mittee.
Mr. HOLMAN. I submit to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania that a point of order can be
•well taken upon this proposition. There is no
pretense that there is any la,w authorizing this
,agency.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I do not
take a point of oider, but I take a point of equity.
Mr. WASllBURNE.of Illinois. 1 would take
a point of order if I thought it would be sustained.
Every appropriation is now construed as a con-
tingency lor canynigon the Government.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, i do not
consider this agency necessary, and if there is no
law for it, 1 will go with the gentleman from Illi-
nois in favor of stiiking it out.
Mr. COBB. 1 have not informed myself much
upon this subject, and my colleague, [Mr. Mc-
Indoe,] a member of the Committee on Indian
Affairs of this House, having charge of this par-
ticular matter, is absent from the House on ac-
count of Mckness. 1 will, however, say to the
gentleman from Illinois that this agency was pro-
vided for by a law of the last session. There was
a great delay in carrying out the act, and the agent
for collecting these roving bands of Indians was
not appointed until it was too late to do much.
Mr. WASH BURN E, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman state whether this was done in accord-
ance with the provision of law of last session by
which the salary of Dr. Davis was increased?
Mr. COBB. No, sir, it has nothing whatever
to do with him.
Mr. WASUBURNE,of Illinois. 1 do not rec-
ollect any other.
Mr. COBB. The act was passed last session,
but the appointment for the purpose of carrying
out the provisions of the law was made too late,
and those roving bands of Indians are there yei,
very much to the annoyance of the people of thai
Slate. The Legislature and State officers have
frequently asked the Department to take charge
of them, and it was for the put pose of accomplish-
ing that that the act was passed.
Mr. KASSON. 1 wish to state in a few words
what the Commissioner of Indian Affairs say u upon
this subject. The various wandering fragments
of tribes which have hitherto given us so much
trouble in the Northwest, and especially in Wis-
consin, have been placed under the charge of a
special agent, and any difficulty that might arise
•with them would be brought to the notice of the
Department.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I stated,
when I moved to strike out this provision, that
the sarhe thing was apnatently provided for in a
bill which is already before the House.
Mr. MORRILL. With the permission of my
friend from Illinois, I will send to the Cleik's
desk a communication in reference to this matter.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I yield for
that purpose.
The communication was read, as follows:
Department or the Interior,
Office Indian Affairs, December 14, 1664.
Sir: In making up the general estimates lor the require-
ments of the Indian sorvtce fortheprospective official year,
it was inadvertently omitted to estimate for an appropria-
tion of$10,000, as a continuation of the provision m section
otic.-, act of June 23, IfciH, '• to enable the Secretary of the
Interior to take ehaige of certain stiay baud:*of Winnebago
and Pottawatomie Indians now in the State of Wisconsin.*'
&c.
J would respectfully ask that you call the attention of
the Secretary of the Treasury to tula omission, and request
him to present the matter to Congress, that the requisite
appropriation of the above-named sum may be procured.
Very respectfully, your obedient seivaut,
W. P. DOLE, Commissioner.
Hon. 3. P. Usher, Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. MORRILL. I will merelyadd that these
Indians were removed from the State of Wiscon-
sin; but after they were removed they found the
country into which they had been sent incapable
of supporting them. They were in danger of star-
vation and they returned to the State. The Gov-
ernment had taken charge of them, and a sjecial
agent had been appointed for that purpose.
Mr. RANDALL,of Pennsylvania. 1 move to
strike out the last halfof that amendment, i did
not expect that there would be any discussion
upon this question when 1 joined with my Re-
publican friend on the other side of the House in
objecting to an unnecessary postponement of iu
The gentleman who repiesents the Committee ot
Ways and Means now tells us that it is necessary
to appropriate this $10,000. 1 do not think it is
at all necessary to appropriate this money, and
therefore I object- to it. 1 would like to know
wherein this agent, who has been appointed as a
special agent, has rendered any services to the
Government requiring the payment to him of this
amount. I withdraw the amendment to the
amendment.
The question was taken on the amendment,
and it was disagreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 move to amend the amend-
ment by reducing the amount to $1,000.
1 make this motion for the purpose of saying
that these agencies practically do not amount to
much,at least in the protection of the Indians. I
ask for the reading of an extract fiom a letter of
Judge John W. Wnght, of Indiana, a gentleman
of tiuth and honor, with reference to the recent
massacre of the Cheyenne Indians, in Coloiado
Territory. Here we see the value of these agen-
cies.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" At the time of die attack of Chivington the village was
under the protection of Major Colley, the Indian agent, in
the village was John tainith, the mtet pieter, who eiune neai
losing his lite li was charged on by a regiment of troops
at the dawri of day. without any notice ami totally unex-
pected to the Indians, of whom about live hundred tire
killed, including all the women and ehndien. as stated by
Major Colley; hundred horsey a laige amount ol Mex
lean doll,u-*, or buffalo robes, and other plunder stolen, and
their lodges humed. When L.tvvicnee wn> racked,;pai I of
the houses weje burnt, <ome of ihe men killed; bin theie
were no women and children mtndered, and plenty of
houses remained tosheltei the inhabitants bin in the Chey
ciine village all the vvoim n and children ate killed, the
Indues all buint.alter being robbed, and ihe naked inhabit-
ants driven on the plains eoveied with two feet of snow."
Mr. HOLMAN. That shows how these In-
diansare protected. I n order to show the further
movement of this third Colorado regiment, which
was guilty of this inhuman butchery,! ask the
Clerk to read the paiagiaph which i send to the
de*k, from the Rocky Mountain News,published
at Denver City.
The Cleik read, as follows:
lt The thiid regiment boys will probably not be here for a
few week<, as they say they are loaded down with buffalo
robes, scalp*, string* of silver dollar*, &c., plunder taken
from the Indians. Bully for theni I"
Mr. HOLMAN. Plunder and scalps! Here
we are appropriating every year vast sums of
money, without any attempt to remedy the con-
stantly recurring barbarities so dishonorable to
our humanity. I had intended, if no opportunity
had ofteied, to call attention to the remarkable
fact that we made the usual appropriation last
year for these Colorado Indians, as though they
were the objects of our generous solicitude. 1
hold in my hand a message issued by the Gov-
ernor of that Territoiy, on the 11th day of last
August,in which occurs the following paragraph:
"And further, as the only reward I am authorized to offer
for such >ei vices, I hereby empower such citizens or par-
ties of citizens to take, capture, and hold to their own pii-
v;ite and benefit, all the properly of such hostile In-
dians tnat they may capture, and to receive tor all stolen
property recovered from said Indiana such rewards as may
be deemed pioper and just tiierclor."
And from this incentive,as ! am assured, four
hundred and eighty-one innocent women and chil-
dren were deliberately slaughteied by the third
Colorado regiment, one hundred and eighty-two
of whom were little children.
These persons were not simply under the pro-
tection of the Government, but under the protec-
tion of our 1 ndian agent, and but a short distance
from Fort Lyon.
Of the amount that we annually appropriate
for the protection of the Indians thiee fourths are
for the benefit of that held of mt n who haugabout
the Indian country and appropriate the money
that we vote here in a spirit of humanity. Not
one fourth of it reaches the unfortunate.
Mr. ASHLEY, i would ahk the gentleman
from Indiana if he pretends to charge gentlemen
who favor this clause with being in complicity
with men of that stamp.
Mr. HOLMAN. I make no such charge.
m Mr. ASHLEY. Then i would like to know
what the gentleman's argument amounts to.
Mr. HOLMAN. i will tell the gentleman what
my argument is. I am a little surprised that the
gentleman should be wanting in sympathy for
these unfortunate I ndiaus. Il it had been the casft
of an African, and he had been told thatone hun-
dred and tighLy-t wo of the little childien of A It'i-
cans had been slaughtered in cold blood, we
should have had this Hall resounding with his
indignant eloquence. But they were Indiana only.
[Here the hammer tell.]
Mr. McBRl DE. 1 wish to say a few words,
and a few words only. The great difficulty we
have hud to encounter heretofore is that the Gov-
ernment has not kept -its stipulations with the
Indians. The gentleman now proposes to with-
hold the appropriation, so as not even to make
a semblance of periorming our treaty stipula-
tions.
Mr. HOLMAN. The Government owes it to
itself and to civilization to see that the money
which it appropriates shall be applied to the pur-
poses for winch u was designed, and not be taken
up by plunderers and spoliators.
Mr. McBRIDE. I would support any plan
that would enable the Indians to derive ilie ben-
efit of the appropriations made here. The gentle-
man says that slaughtei s have taken place there,
flint is very true. Whether they were innocmt
women and children that were slaughtered I will
not undertake to say; but 1 will state some few
things which 1 have witnessed on the plains, i
crossed them last fall, coming by Denver City,
Colorado, and through the buiders of Missouri.
For one third of that distance every house and
every improvement that was combustible had been
destroyed by the Indians. Hundreds of persons
uavelmg on the plains h<*d been murdered during
the fall and the eaily port of the winter by roving
bands of Indians, lt is not in human natuie to
witness the muider of men's fnends and neigh-
bors by savages without being moved to revenge.
Does it startle gentlemen to know that those peo-
ple felt sufficiently indignant to get together in
parties and bands strong enough to take what
they thought a just revenge? i think these facts
should be known.
Mr. WADS WORTH. I would like the gen-
tleman from Oregon to tell me whether they ditl
kill women and children in the way reported.
Mr. McBRlDE. They rauiderod men, women,
and children indisei immately on the plains.
Mr. WADS WORTH, Then they ought to be
hanged, every one of them.
Mr. McBRIDE. Perhaps I did not under-
stand the question of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky.
Mr. WADSWORTEJ. I asked the gentleman
from Oiegon whether the men of this Colorado
regiment killed children under nine years of age,
and women.
. Mr. McBRIDE. I know nothing of that, ex-
cept what ! have heard. I thought the gentleman
had inquired of me whether the Indians had mur-
dered white women and children.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to terminate the de-
bate on this paiagraph.
The motion was agreed to.
The question being on Mr. Holman's amend-
ment,
Mr. HOLMAN withdrew the amendment.
Mr. PRtJ YN. I move the following as an ad-
ditional section to the bill:
ml be it further enacted^ That all sums appropriated
under this act, to be paid or expended in compliance witfi
treaty stipulations!, be so paid or expended in coin.
It will be perceived, Mr. Speaker, that my
amendment refers only to such payments as are
to be made under tceaty stipulations. It does not
