-284
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
to meet him as a voter at .the polls. I remember
well to have seen negroes at tne polls exercising
the right of suffrage in Pennsylvania, where they
enjoyed it from the foundation of the government
to the year 1838, when the growing influence of
the increasing slave power of the country, op-
erating on the political ambition of those whom
the people had charged with no such duty, de-
prived colored men of this right by following the
example of South Carolina and inserting the word
" white" in the constitution of the State. Similar
action restricted their right in New York, making
it dependent on a property qualification, and de-
prived them of it in New Jersey and other States
now free. To her praise be it spoken, except in
Connecticut, which State, in 1817, in complaisance
to South Carolina, inserted the word " white" in
her constitution, they still enjoy the right through-
out New England* not as a concession from men
of modern days, but hereditarily, from the times
in which the foundations of the Government were
laid. Gentlemen around me from the State of
Maryland doubtless well remember the days when
the free colored man voted in theirState. Itwas
only m 1833 that he was deprived of that inesti-
mable right by constitutional amendment within
her limits. That the negro enjoyed this right in
North Carolina until he was deprived of it in the
same way is proven by the following extractfrom
the opinion of Judge Gaston, of that State, in the
State vs. Manuel, which was decided in 183ft, and
may be found in 4 Devereux and Battle's North
Carolina Reports, page 25:
" It ha*, boon said that before our Revolution free per-
sons of coloi did not exercise therein of voting for mem-
bers of the colonial Legislature. How tins may have been
it would be difficult at this time to ascertain, it is certain,
however, that very few, if any, could have claimed the
right of suffrage for a reason of a very drift rent character
from the one supposed. The principle of fieehold -mtfiage
eeems to have been brought overborn Knglaml \\ nh the
first colonists, and to have been preserved almost invaria-
bly in theeolouy ever afterward." * * * "The
v«ry Congress which (rained our constitution [the, Plate
conMilurion of 17'fiJ was chosen by freeholder.-. That
constitution extended the elective ftanehise to eveiy free-
man who had arrived at the age of twenty one and paid a
public tax; and it is a matter of xinivcual notuiirtif that
under it Jtee persons, without icgaid to color, rlatmcd ami
exorcised the franchise until it was taken ftom jicc men of
color a few years since hy our amended constitution."
Tennessee was admitted to the Union in 179G.
Her constitution provided as follows:
" Every fteeman of tin: ncrc of twrnry-onc years ami
Hpvvaidj possessing ;i freehold in the county wlirrcm lie
may vote, unit being an inhabitant of Huh State, and even/
freeman toeing an inhabitant of anyone county in the State
Bil months immediately preceding the day of election, shall
be entitled to vote tor members ot tile General Assembly for
the county lu which lie may reside."
This constitution, as will bo seen, endured for
forty years, during which the free colored men
of the State enjoyed their political rights, and
exercised, as will appear, a powerful and salutary
influence upon public opinion and the course of
legislation.
_ In 183-1, a convention to revise that constitu-
tion assembled at Nashville, and, accepting the
suggestion of Sou tit Carolina, by a vote of .131 o 23
limited the suffrage to free white men. During
those forty years free negroes had enjoyed a right
which made them a power; and no chapter in our
history better illustrates the value of this power
to both races, or how certainly great wrongs of
this kind reactand punish the wrong-doer. Cave
Johnson is a name well known throughout the
country and honored in Tennessee; aiul itwas
his boast that the free men of color gave hts ser-
vices to the country by electing him to Congress.
On prge 1305 of the Congressional Globe for the
possion of 1853-54, will he found the following
Hfatement of Hon. John Pettit, of Indiana, made
in the United States Senate, May 25, 1854, while
discussing the suffrage clause of the Kansas-
Nebraska bill:
" Many of the States have conferred this right [of suf-
frage j Upon Indians-, and many, both North and South,
have conferred it upon free negioes without property, uid
Cave Johnson, ot Tennessee, an honored and ie--pfjctable
gentleman, Connelly Postmaster General, and foi a loti 
time a member ot the other House, told me with Ins own
bps that the first time ho was eleetcd to Congress fiom
1 enne--<cc (m 18*28} it was by the votes offree negroes; and
lie told me how. Free negroes in Tennessee were then
allowed by the constitution of the State to vote; and lie
w;h an Iron innnufaetnter, and had «i large mmibei office
negroes as well <ts slaves m Iih emplov. [ well recollect
the number he Hated. One hundied'ami fortv-toui fiee
jM'rjrot'-: in 1 us employ went to the ballot lm\ and elected
iuai to Congress the ilrc-t tunc lie was elected."
Few will now deny that slavery is a curse alike
to the master and the servile race. None will deny
that slavery has been a curse to that State in view
of the vast mineral resources of Tennessee; her fine
natural sites for great cities; her capacity to feed,
house, clothe, educate, and profitably employ
free laborers; her recent history, the abundant
sourcc of future song and story; the pious and
patriotic endurance of the brave and God-fearing
people of the eastern section of the State, and the
perfect abandon with which their more aristo-
cratic fellow-citizens of the western section of the
State espoused the cause of the rebellion; the
cruelties inflicted on the loyal people by the trai-
tors; the horrors and the heroism of the border
warfare that has desolated her fair fields, and the
rancorous feuds and intense hatreds, which the
grave can only extinguish, that have been en-
gendered among her people by the war. And who,
if the apparently well-founded tradition be true,
that a proposition to incorpoiate in her constitu-
tion of 1796 a clause prohibiting slavery was lost
by a majority of one vote, will estimate the evil
done by the man who thus decided that moment-
ous question?
The history of .slavery in Tennessee, and the
determined resistance so long made against its
struggles for supremacy, will, I am sure, justify
a brief digression. There were in 1796, it is said,
considerably less than five thousand slaves within
her limits, who had been brought thither by the
earlier settleis of what was then known as the
territory south of the Ohio. The influence of the
colored citizens is traceable throughout her earlier
history. So early as 1801, before she had existed
five years as a State, the Legislature conferred the
power of emancipation upon the county courts of
the State by an act, the preamble to which signifi-
cantly says:
" Whereas the number of petitions presented to this
Legislatuie prnyi « the emancipation of slaves, not only
tends to involve the Htate in gicut evils, but is. also pto-
ducuvo of gicut expense."
In 1812, the introduction of slaves into the State
for sale was prohibited by law. Yetin the twenty
years between 1790 and 1810, by the power of
emigration from slave States and natural increase,
the number swelled from less than fourthousand
to upward offoity-four thousand. This rapid in-
crease of slave population alarmed the people, and
emancipation societies were organized in different
parts of the State. Extracts Irom an address de-
livered on the 17th of August, 1816, by request
of one of these societies, and repeated with its ap-
proval on the 1st of January, 1817, and which,
having been printed, not anonymously, but by
Heiskell & Brown, was largely distributed by the
society, are before me. It proposes to show,
First, the object or design of the society.
Second, that the principles of slavery are* in-
consistent with the laws of natureand revelation.
Third, some of its evils, both moral and polit-
ical.
Fourth, that no solid objections lie against grad-
ual emancipation.
To show the freedom with which the subject
was then dismissed, I oiler a brief extract or two.
In those days the people of America had not
learned, nor did they yet pretend to believe, that
the Constitution of the United States denied them
the right to think of the condition of any class of
sufleimg people, or made it a crime to utter their
convictions and their philanthropic emotions.
Thus this address to the people of Tennessee
says:
"Slavery, a? it exist' anions:up, civesamaMora property
in the slaves ami theirdes-cendrinN a< mucins law can "ive
a propeily in land, cattle, coods, and chattels ot any kind,
to lie used at the dis-creuon of the master, oi to bo t-old to
j whom, when, and where he pleases, \vuh 'be descendants
foiever. It h true, if the ma^tei take away the life of the
slave under certain circumstances, oitr Jaws pronounce it
niuidei. But the laws leave it in the power of the master
to deploy his h(e by a thousand act* of hireling eiuehy.
He may starve him to death hy degrees, or he may whip
him to death if he only take long enough tune, or he may
po unite the i igoia of hard labor, "tinted diet, and exposure
as to shoiten life. The laws watch against sudden minder,
as if to leave the forlorn wretches exposed to am* slow
death that the cruelty and malignant pa^ions of a savage
may dictate. Nor j - tbeie any ri.sri.mif but a seiw of pe-
cuniary loss, feeble barnei against the oflect^ of the malevo-
lent passions that are known to reside in the human heait.
The most inhuman vvietch may own slaves, a- \\ e!i as the
humane and gentle. Should laws leave one human being
in the power of anothei to such an extent? In many coun-
ting wheie slavet) exists the laws prescribe the manner
in which they shall be used, anil that, too, in lands wmeh
do not boast either of the light and science we enjoy or of
the liberty and equality winch raise us above and distin-
guish us fiom aii the nations of the globe."
Nor did the movement, as appears at least from
this address, contemplate the abolition of slavery
in Tennessee alone; for,afteralludingto thegreat
doctrines promulgated in the Declaration of Inde-
pendence, it says:
" On the certainty ofthe unchangeablenessofthcse truths,
we justify our sepaiation from the Government of Gi eat Hrit-
ain. For the defense and enjoyment of these principles our
lathers willingly met death, and.-urtendered then lives mar-
tyrs. They bequeathed them to us as the greatest of human
legacies. Yet slavery, as it exists m the United States, is
in direct opposition to these self-evident maxims. Every
line of our history, every battle in our struggle lot independ-
ence, every anniversary of our national birth condemns
the piinciples of slavery, and fixes on us the charge of glar-
ing inconsistency; and every law passed by Legislatures in
favor of slavery is in direct opposition to the principles of
our national e\t«tence. Let us willingly do that which
we justly blame Great Britain for refusing to do until forced,
namely, acknowledge the rights of men, and give, \ i a suita-
ble nay, more than one million and a half of people to enjoy
these sacrcd rights."
In 1834, when the convention to revise the con-
stitution assembled, the slaves in the State num-
bered more than one hundred and fifty thousand.
The power of the slave oligarchy had increased,
and opposition to the institution had peihaps be-
come less powerful. Rut in the first week of the
convention, petitions on the subject of emancipa-
tion were presented from the citizens of Mauiy
county, and were soon followed by others from
Robertson, Lincoln, Bedford, Overton, Roane,
Rhea, Knox, Monroe, McMinn, Blount, Sevier,
Cocke, Jefferson,Greene,and Washington, many
of the signers being slaveholders, and all pray-
ing that all the slaves should be made free by the
year 1866. By an unforeseen process, the prayer
of those petitioners will be granted, though the
convention to which they addressed their prayer
gave an unfavorable response, and as if in deiision
of the petitioners, attempted to fasten his shackles
more firmly on the slave. God, whose
" Ways seem dark, but, soon or late,
They touch the shining lulls of day,"
in His infinite mercy and wisdom has in this re-
spect reversed the decrees of man. Well for Ten-
nessee and her bleeding people would it luive
been had the members of that convention bowed
reverently to His will, as did the framers of the
Constitution of the United States, and so worded
the instrument they fashioned that it would not
have informed posterity that so odious an institu-
tion as slavery had ever been tolerated by the
State.
During the second week of the session, Mat-
thew Stephenson, a farmer of Washington county,
a native of Rockingham county, Virginia, moved
" that a committee of thirteen, onefrom each con-
gressional district, be appointed to take into con-
sideration the propriety of designating some pe-
liod from which slavery shall not be tolerated in
this State, and that all memorials on that subject
that have or may be presented to the convention
be referred to said committee to consider and re-
port thereon;" which resolution, by a vote of 38
to 20, was laid on the table on the 1st of January,
18,35.
This action of the convention was not readily
acquiesced in by the people; and to avert popular
indignation it was u resolved that a committee of
three, one from each division of the State, be ap-
pointed to draft the reasons that governed this con-
vention in declining to act upon thememoiiuis on
the subject of slavery." The address prepared
by the committee appointed under this resolution
does not attempt to defend or apologize for sla-
very; does not deny that it is a great wrong; speaks
of "the unenviable condition of the slave;" of
slavery as " unlovely in all its aspects," and de-
plores " the bitter draught the slave is doomed to
drink." It rests the defense of the convention on.
other grounds than divine sanction of this mon-
strous wrong, this hideous outrage upon every
precept of Christianity, this violation of every
clause of the decalogue. It puts its defense on
the ground of policy, and asserts that a constitu-
tional provision looking to gradual emancipation
would deplete the State of its laborers; that men
would huny their slaves into Alabama, Missis-
sippi, Louisiana, Missouri, or Arkansas, where
they would be less kindly treated than in Tennes-
see, and where the prospect of ultimate emancipa-
tion would be more remote. This address to the
people of Tennessee admonishes us of the p<ren-
