1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1051"
part of Americans to defend ourselves against its
encroachments. Why, sir, the emperor of France
did not conceal his purpose in his tetter to Gen-
eral Forey, but declared that the purpose of his
policy in Mexico was to check the advance of
the United States. That declaration is on record.
It hasiiotbeen withdraw/) by him. We hdve no
reason to assume that he has takenitback. We
have no reason to suppose that he is prepared to
modify it. In my opinion, he never will modify
it, but in view of the attitude that we shall take,
and the ability we shall show to preserve our-
selves against his encroachments. Hisencroach-
ments thus far, it is true, have consisted in at-
tacking and nearly destroying a feeble next-door
republican neighbor. But, sir, when he shall have
successfully accomplished that, if he shall unfor-
tunately, what will be 'his next step? Are we to
be letalone after he has secured a base from which
he can operate? If we are, it is to be only because
we shall be prepared for that time and hour. 1
do not mean here to threaten war against any
Power with which we are at peace; but 1 do mean
that all shall understand we mean to be prepared
?\nd to confront whatever Power, or all foreign
Powers together, whenever they shall encroach
upon or assail us.
I warn Senators notto lose sight of the import-
ance of that preparation because of the desire to
economize. It is true that there is a necessity for
economy-, but, sir, we are often wasteful of the
public moneys, either by ill-projected operations
-or by wasteful expenditures of a varied charac-
ter. Shall we in regard to this arm of the public
service, in regard to this great fountain of our na-
tional security, undertaketo make up these waste-
ful losses and economize? I hope not.
It wa-s explained by General Delafieid that there
was the greatest possible national necessity for
retaining m the highest state of defense the forti-
fications known as Key West and theTortugas.
Why, said he, let those be taken by a foreign
Power, and they have at once abase from which
they can invade us. Is it policy to neglect the
warning voice of the able and gifted man who
stands at the head of the engineer department of
the United States? I think it is highly creditable
in the CommitteeofFinance to endeavor by every
means to lessen the public expenditure; but I
think that disposition to lessen the public ex-
penditure, and to guard it, should not be set up
against the opinion of General Delafieid. I think
his opinion, should be regarded; and I trust the
Senate will not accept the substitute offered by
the committee. In my opinion it would be an
unwise economy and an inferior statesmanship.
One word more, sir, and [ shall conclude. Ex-
planation was further made by General Delafieid
in regard to the protection necessary to the city of
Detroit. I will not dwell at length on his state-
snents; but suffice it to say that he gave it as his
opinion that there was a necessity for the im-
provement of Fort Wayne. He explained that
the use of steam furnished great advantages to
an enemy m passing fortifications; but that at that
point a complete barrier might be erected or lodged
in the passage, by which the ships of the enemy
*wouId be compelled to stand until they would be
destroyed by our guns. Shall we leave that im-
portant point, with others, exposed ? I hope not.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, I rejoice that
the Committee on Finance have come to the con-
clusion which I reached four years ago, and have
recommended, that the Senate shall not proceed
with the costly business of continuing to make
large forts. I am willing'to admit with the Sen-
ator from California, and with other friends of the
distinguished gentleman who is at the head of the
engineer corps, that he is a very scientific, practi-
cal, and able man. I am willing to admit also
that that corps is the elite of the Army; but it
should be remembered that it is their profession
to make forts,and that whenever you take away
from them the appropriations and the power to
continue the exercise of that profession, their
vocation is gone. I trust that the engineer corps
are not like the Bourbons, who " never forget and
never learn anything."
Sir, has not this war taughtussomething? Has
notour experience at New Orleans taught us some-
thing? When the expedition against New Or-
leans was gotten up there was but one man in the
entire engineer corps who did not say that it was
utterly impracticable for New Orleans to be taken.
There was one single exception, and I wilV name
that man. It was General Barnard. He said
that it was possible to be taken. Did not your
wooden ships pass right by those fortifications,
fortifications that were deemed by everybody al-
most, and especially by your engineer corps, as
being incapable of being passed by any kind of
vessels, much less by wooden vessels? Were we
not told that Fort Morgan was the strongest fort
on thiscontment? And what was the result when
Farragut attacked it? How long was it able to
resist wooden ships? What has been our expe-
rience with FortPulaski, also one of the strongest
forts, it was said at the beginning of the war, that
wc had on this continent? How long was it able to
resist the attack of the members of this same engi-
neer corps? Why, sir, I apprehend there is not
a single fort now in the possession of the United
States that is not capable of being reduced in forty-
eight hours by our own vessels, should they see
fit to attack it, or should it become necessary for
us to attack it; partly growing out of the nature
of the constructions, and partly growing out of
the incapacity thus far to make projectiles and
guns which are capable of attacking and destroy-
ing iron vessels.
Mr. President, it is not inappropriate for me to
read in this connection a letter which-I have be-
fore me, published in the London Post, and which
reached this country, 1 believe, only the day be-
fore yesterday. The letter is written by the cel-
ebrated Mr. Blakeley, the inventor and maker of
guns in England, and one of the most distin-
guished artisans of that country. It will be re-
membered that after the taking of Fort Fisher,
Admiral Porter made some remarks in his repot t
in regard to the value of the iron-clad monitors,
which he said had been under the guns of Fort
Fisher for five days at a distance of eight hun-
dred yards, and had come out entirely, or almost
entirely, uninjured; and he also said that with the
Monadnock and vessels of her class he would be
willing to undertake to cross the ocean, or some-
thing tantamount to that, and reduce the towns
on the coast of Great Britain. Captain Blakeley
says:
To the Editor of the London Post:
Now that Fort Fisher lias fallen, in spite of the heroic
defense of General Whiting, Colonel Lamb, and the lestof
its garrison, there can be no indi>creuon in my giving you
some information about its aimament.
The fact mos>t instructive to u.s is lhat the fort contained
not one gun powetful enough to sink an iron-clad ship.
A very late letter mentions a& the most effective gun in the
place an eight-mell five-urn cannon, rifled on the plan of
Command™ Scott, of the English navy, and filing one
hundred and thirty pound aliclK Of the re^t, about half
were seven-inch built-up rities; half were tcn-iuch,
smooth-bored, casst-iron guns.
Now mark what he says:
Most of the^e puns were more powerful than any gun
mounted on any fort in England or on any English ship,
(oxenptone, which has alew ot the valuable JOO-pounder^
oidered by the Duke of Somei.-et,) yet th'-y lulled to injure
the Federal fleet, ft follows that that fleet could attack
Portsmouth or Plymouth with more impuuity than l\>it
Filler so Jar as artillery lire concerned.
I am, sir, your obedient seivunt,
T. A. BLAKELEY.
We have the highest British authority for say-
ing that those iron-clad vessels, if they crossed
the Atlantic, were capable of attacking the forti-
fications of Portsmouth and Plymouth—fortifi-
cations that were designed to protect the largest
navy-yards on the globe, navy-yards that contain
more supplies by double than any navy-yards on
the globe. Now, what is the necessity for our
going on and proceeding to build more of these
forts, when 
Mr. CONNESS. If the Senator will permit
mc to interrupt him, I will rest the opposition I
make to the adoption of the substitute now before
the Senate upon an application to General Dela-
fieid as to whether these appropriations are rec-
ommended for the purpose of building forts or
not. I am entirely satisfied that that is not the
purpose of the recommendations and appropria-
tions; but on the contrary, his statement is clear
and unequivocal thattheappropriationsare chiefly
needed. I know that the honorable chairman be-
lieves himself right; I know that he gesticulates
with great earnestness, and says I am wrong.
Mr. SHERMAN. I simply shook my head,
for 1 do not wish the Senator to fall into that
error. I hold in my hand the Army bill, which
appropriates $3,000,000 for guns for fortifica-
tions, tuid those guns are made in thcoidnancc
department. My friend certainly should know
the organization of the War Department suffi-
ciently to know that the Engineer Bureau and
the Ordnance Bureau are separate and distinct
things. The Engineer Bureau, which General
Delafieid has charge of, has nothing to do with
making guns; he builds fortifications. General
Dyer is the man who can talk to you aboutguns.
Mr. CONNESS. I am quite aware of that.
Will the Senator from Iowa excuse me if I trench
a moment more upon his time?
Mr. GRIMES. Certainly.
Mr. CONNESS. I presume we are all aiming
to get at a correct conclusion. I am. just as welt
aware as the honorable Senator from Ohio that
General Dyer or the ordnance department takes
charge of the preparation of guns; but General
Delafieid did say that the guns now necessary to
beat off iron-clads could not be placed upon the
platforms which hold the guns of the old style,
and that large appropriations were necessary to
make the necessary changes. Now, I repeat
again that I will withdraw all opposition to the
amendment of the chairman, if General Delafieid
will not, in a communication, reaffirm what 1 say.
Mr. GRIMES. That this is to make guns?
Mr. CONNESS. That that is not to make
guns, but to prepare the forts to receive the guns
that have been demonstrated to be necessary for
coast defense.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think I can satisfy the
Senator from California. I will ask him whether
there is any fort now at Fort Point.
Mr. CONNESS. There is.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is there any fort at Alca-
traz island ?
Mr. CONNESS. There is.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now I will ask the Senator
if it requires $730,000 to put guns upon those
forts ?
Mr. CONNESS. I will answer the Sena-
tor 
Mr. SHERMAN. Then let me say further,
that in the Army bill which has already passed
both Houses, and which is a distinct and sepa-
rate appropriation, there is an appropriation for
these guns of $3,500,000.
Mr. CONNESS. I am glad the honorable
Senator has made this specific statement; we shall
now understand each other, and the Senate may
understand the matter. The Senator, in the first
place, asks me if there is a fort at Fort Point. 1
say yes. He asks me, is there one at Alcatraz
island? I say yes. Now, the next question is,
is #730,000 necessary to put guns on those two
forts? i say to the Senator m answer to that
question, that in the first place,General Delafieid
did not say so; that in the next place, I do not
say so; but that General Delafieid did say that
some part of this $730,009 was necrs&ary to erect
such defenses in the rear of Fort Point as should
prevent it from falling intoNthe hands of an en-
emy who might approach it in the rear; that not
one of these guns is worth a straw—the Senator
smiles; I suppose he has a right to smile—that
not one of those guns at Fort Point is worth any-
thing except in the direction of the sea and the
harbor, and that therefore a portion of the appro-
priation is necessary to erect fortifications to pro-
tect the fort known as Fort Point from being taken
in reverse.
Now, let me make an additional statement to
the honorable Senator from Ohio, and the hon-
orable Senator from Iowa, both of whom I con-
ceive to be aiming to secure the highest degree ot
thf public interest. 1 asked General Delafieid
what was the armament at Fort Point now. I
stated to him thatwhen I was there, (which was
not very long since,) there were only two or thiee
coiumbiads m the entire fort; that its defenses
consisted of 30-pound guns. He said it was in
that condition still, but the ordnance department
had recently sent some large guns to that coast.
I knew they had. But you cannot work one of
those guns wuhoutmaking some changes in Fort
Point. You cannot prepare it for them without
heavy expenditure. The guns required and de-
monstrated to be required by the very letter read
by the honorable Senator from Iowa, written by
Mr. Blakeley, shows that necessary appropria-
tions must be made befoie they can be availed
of. What does Mr, Blakeley write? He say*
(here was not an iron-clad sunk by the guns of
Fort Fisher. Why ? Because he says the guns
