1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
nial fountain of evil tikey would inflict orf the peo-
ple of the insurgent district, who would doom the
more than three million six hundred and sixty-six
thousand people of color, dwelling within its lim-
its, to that dubious measure of freedom enjoyed
by men to whom political rights are denied, by the
following pointed passage:
"The condition of u freeman of color, surrounded by
persons of a different caste and complexion, is the ir 0i>t
foilnrn and wretched that can be imagined. lie is a stranger
in tho land of his nativity; lie is an outcast in tilt4 place of
Ilia ie idonee; he has scarcely a motive to prompt him to
viituous action or to stimulate lum to honorable exeitions.
At every tuin and corner ot the walks of life he is be*>et
with temptations, strong, nay, almost irresistible, to the
fotce ot winch in most cases lie may be expected to \ieid,
tiie consequence of winch must he that he will be degraded,
despised. and tiamph'd upon by the ic^t of thocoinmunity.
When the free man of color is oppressed by the proud, or
circumvented by the cunning, or betrayed by those in
whom he has repose.d confidence, do the laws of the land
nilofd lum mote than a nominal p.otection? Denied ins
oath in a court of justice, unable to call any or'ins own
color to be witnesses, if the injiny lie complains of lias
boon committed by a white man, how many of his wrongs
niii-it remain unrediess-eii; how many of ins lights he vio-
lated with lnipnniiy; how poor a boon does he receive
when Ik; is receiving fietidom, if what lie receives can be
called bv that name. Unenviable as is the condition of the
sl.ive. unlovely as nlavety r  in all its aspects, bitter as the
diaught may be that the slave is doomed to drink, never-
theless4 his condition i-> better than the condition ol thcfice
m.in of color in the midst of a community of white men with
whom he has no common interest, no fellow-feeling, no
equality."
And it speaks to such with more pertinency
than it did to those far whom it was wiitten when
it says:
u What, then, would be the condition of the community,
w ith -ueh a multituJc of human beings turned loose in so-
ciety, with .ill the habits, moi als, and manner ol the slave,
wit'i oiitx/ the name and luminal pi ivilcges, but without any
of the it'ul blcsuiig* of libcify ot the teal jnioite^et of the
fireman ? Would not two diitincteki^e-; ol people in the
same eonmmniiy aiiay themselves, against each otiier in
peipetual hostility and mnniai di^ttust? Would not the
coii->t:uit collision that would take p!ac< betwet-n tin ni pro-
duce ,i level i-h exeitement. alike destiuetive to the happi-
ness of both patties.3 Would not the condition of lice
people ofeolot, under the opcianon ol the eau-Oh already
e>linnet tiled, be more wietehod than tho condition ot the
slaves? Would not the white portion of the community he
mot c insecme with such a multitude among them, who had
to common inteiest with, no bond of union to, that jmit of
the community with, whom they were mixed, ami yet from
whom thcywete forever separated by a maik oj distinction
that time itselj rouh! not wear away'f The people ot color,
numerous u-- they would he. with no ktndied fueling to
unite them to that part of the community, whom I hey would
both envy and hate, would nevertheless have at then com-
mand a poition of physical strength that might and pioba-
bly would be wielded to the worst puimw-. Thev would
look acio'-s the southern boundatv of The State, and there
they u on hi sec m a state ot soi vitudu a people oi their ou n
color and kindi <'<1, to u bom tliey were hound I>\' the stunnr
bonds of consanguinity, and with whom thev could make
a common cause, and u ould the) not be stionglv tempted to
ccnem t [il.ui? with them to cxtej iniu.it" tin• \\ into man and
take po-.-,essioii of the coiintiy ? They would then po^e^s
the means of eon-ultuu  together, of eo.ipi rating with each
other, and let it not be foi gotten that they would he am-
mated by cveiy jeeling oj the human heait that impels to
aUion."
Our millions will not look across the boundary
and behold a people of their color and kindred in
bondage. In all the States of Central Ameiiea,
as in Mexico, the colored man is not only free,
but a citizen in the full enjoyment of all the rights
accorded to any man under his Government. Uut
on tins point I shall have a few words to say here-
after.
How blinded by the pride of caste were the au-
thois of the uddress from which I make these ex-
tracts ! How fatally did they ignore the fact that
God had made all nations of one blood ! It was
not necessary that Tennessee should expatriate
her laborers, or maintain slavery, or create in her
midst so dangerous a class. It was open to that
convention to avoid the great iniquity which, it
appears, a nyijority of its members had predeter-
mined, namely, the deprivation of the free colored
man of the political rights he had enjoyed for forty
yoms, and to have maintained the existing rights
of those whose labor was giving consideration to
the Statu and wealth to its people. But they had
already forgotten the maxims of the fathers; and
it will be weli if we do not adopt their folly as our
wisdom. Let us profit by their sad experience,
and be warned by the voice of Jefferson, who ex-
claimed :
" With what execration should the state«mm be loaded,
who, permitting one hall the citizens thus to ttample on the
light-, ot the othei, translorms tho«  into de&poU and tlie^e
into enemies—<{estio>s the ptorals of the one pun,and the
auxor %>atri& of the other i'V
And let us remember, too, that a wiser than he
has said—
"Woe unto them that decree unrighteous decrees, and
write grievoiisness which they have prescribed; to turn
aside the needy fi om judgment, and take away the right
from the poor."
But plausible as were the reasons set forth in
this address, its authors did not intimate to the
people that even they doubted that the great
wrong of slavery would soon disappear; and, as
appears by pages 92 and 93 of the Journal, they
further said:
" But the friends ofhumanity need not despair; the me-
moualists need not dread that slavery will be perpetual in
ourhighly-iavoiedcountry." * * * * "Under
the approving smile ot Heaven, and the fostering care of
Piovideuce, slavejy will j et be extinguished m a way that
will work no evil to the white man, while it produces the
happiestoffeets upon the whole Afuc.iu race." * *
* * "Let it be icinembcied that there is an ap-
propriate time for every woik beneath the sun, and a pre-
mature attempi to do any woik,particulaily any great woik.
seldom fniN to pi event success. A premaune attempt on
the part of a sick man to leave his bed and his chamber
would inevitably piotonghis disease, or perhaps place it
beyond the power ol medicine. A similar attempt on the
pait of the poor man to place himself in a state of independ-
ence, by engaging m some plausible but impnidcnt specu-
lation, would probably involve him in embaiiassment from
which be could notexti icate himself throughout the whole
remaining poition of his life. So a premature attempt on
the pait of the benevolent to get nd of the evils of slavery
would certainly have the effect oi po.stponing to a far dis-
tant day tho accomplishment of an event devoutly and
aidently desired by tiie wise and the good in eveiy part of
out beloved country."
The sophisms of this report were not permitted
to pass without notice. Stout old Matthew
Stephenson, (for he was then in the fifty-eighth
year of his age,) sustained by several of his asso-
ciates, caused their protest to be entered on the
journals. They said, among other things:
"• We believe the principles assumed in the report, and_
the aigimn'iits u&ed in then ^uppoit, are in then tendency
subversive of the tiue principles of lepubltcaniMn, and be-
foie we can eonsis-tently give them our unqualified assent
we must renounce the doctrine that - a|l men are created
equal; that they aie endowed by then Creator with certain
unalienable i ight^; that, aiming these are life, liberty, and
the pursuit ot happiness.1 Above .ill, we believe the tepoit
is a! v.uiance with tho spirit of the gospel, winch is the
glory of our bind, the piecepts and maxims of which are
totiiid in the llible. One of its excellent rules is,' As ye
would tb.it men should do unto you, do ye even so unto
them.' Now, to apply this golden rule to the case of mas-
ter and the slave, we have just to place each in the other's
stead, then ask the question honestly, * What would I that
my servant, thus placed in power, should do unto me?"'
** + ** + *•*•**
" But we are told natuie has placed on the man of color
a mark of distinction which neither time nor eircum-
.stanecs can obliterate.
" I re admit the fact> lutarcnevci thclcisunableto perceive,
in that a leusonjor denying to themthe rommonrights
of mil) i. Tiie wohN of ciet n.tl tiuth ate, that Clod has made
of one blood all nations that dwell upon the earth, and the
undesigned, in the language ol Cowper, aie unwilling to
' lind then tollow-eieatuie guilty of a skin not coloted like
then own;' nor tan ive admit as juit the title that ivould
assign to ?ncn their rights according to the difjci entshadesof
color. Jn the opinion of the uiuieisigned/all the evils hO
stukingly and so eloquently poi liayi d in the report, le-
sjjecting the (tee people of color while amoug us, apply
with equal, nay, with gieatei lorce to the same people
while in si.ivei'y, unless, indeed, sJavciv gives dignity to
man. At id although the menionalint-' do not hint at retain-
ing the people of color among us when fiee, but ask that
some means be devised foi their removal; nor would the
undersigned be understood as advocating any system of
( mancipation unconnected with or without a view to their
colonization; \otwe believe they would be happier and
salei subjects of out (Government as fiee men than as slave1?.
*'h ac hold it v i->c policy in every Government to make it the
interest of all Us sul-jrtt* to •wppoyt, def c>id, and pcrpctuule
its rvil institutions, isiti easonutde to i,uppOi>ethat aji?/ would
t'diie (he penuaueut txistencc of that Government ulnch
denied to them alt thr nights of jiccmcnl Solomon in his
wisdom bus said, ' Oppte^sion makes a wise man mad.5 "
Dr. Joseph Ivincaid, of Bedford county,a native
t of Madison county, Kentucky, also prepared a
ji protest against the doctrines of the address, and
caused it to be entetod on the Journals. From
! that protest I make but the following extract:
I "Can the fiee man of color bo torn fioni his wife and
family and linvcn m chains to afoteign land and theie sold
in the matket like a dumb In tile to bun who will give the
j; neatest, sum lor him, though hi  heart bleed* and bosom
IS }eai!^wnh bowlsol compassion and paternal tenderness
ii foi the u lie and einMicnoi his bosom, who ru e bone ofhis
,i bone and tlosh of hisib'sh 5 ilciannot. ()i can the einl-
ij ihen oi the iond moth'-i be lorn Irom her bo-om while her
beau is wiung with disir'.-s, and she agonizes m despair
i! and mourns !<>r t'u m. and v dc not be. eomioi ted, because
jl they ate not ? Tins cannot be done. Then does this not
sweeten the < diaught' which the fiee manor color daily
'] thinks? Most in.lumtahlv n docs. Ai o these bh .-.sings •.«-
■: cued to the slave? We haw seen they ,ue not. What is
'! it, then, which com mutes tiie situat.on of the slave better
ii tiiantliatot the jicetna.iof tolot'i Does the supeiloi hap-
piness and comfort of the slave over that of the free man'
of color consist m the amount of biead and meat winch he.
receives at the bands of his master tp subsist him, which
ire has not to trouble himself about the procuring of? The,
report seems to predicate a good portion of lire solid com-
fort of the slave upon the daily rations which he draws
from his master's stores. But this conclusion the under-
signed cannot subscribe to; as im American citizen he
would put a higher estimate upon the iibeity wlvich is en-
joyed even by the free man of color. What! will itbesaid
that his rights, privileges, and'happiness shall be balanced
in the scale against the allowance of coarse fare which, is
given for daily subsistence to the slave, and the tattered
garments that are furnished him to defend his body against
the inclemency of the season, and the chains with which
he may be bound in order to send him to a foreign market?
Monstrous doettine! Cannot the free man of color, with
the labor of hts hands, one sixth part of his tune, procure
as ample a supply of iood and raiment as is furnished the
slave ? Yea, and can he not then sit down under hi« own
vine, ia the bo*om of his family, and enjoy it, and there
shall' be none to disturb or make him afraid?' "
Nor did the controversy end here; for the com-
mittee made a supplementary report, and true-
hearted old Matthew Stephenson and his asso-
ciates entered their second protest on the journal
of the convention.
In drawing the picture of the condition of the
free man of color, the committee representing the
majority of the convention evidently had in view
what they intended to make his future and not his
past condition in that State;.for the convention,
instead of providing for the abolition of slavery,
threw around that institution an additional safe-
guard by providing that " the General Assembly
shall have no power to pass laws for the emanci-
pation of slaves without the consent of their owner
or owners;" and by a vote of 33 to 23 changed
the language of the clause regulating the elective
franchise from "freemen," as it had stood from
the organization of the State, to "free white men,"
since which time the we;ro has had no voice or
share in the management of the public affairs of
that State. Thus youth Carolina triumphed over
freedom in Tennessee. e
But to return to my line of argument, having
wandcied too far in this interesting digression.
Ample as this is, we do not depend on the action
of the Congress of the Confederation, and of the
Convention for framing the Constitution of the
United States, and the provisions of the several
State constitutions for all the proof the men of
that period left that they recognized the right of
man, by reason of his manhood, to the enjoyment
of all the rights of citizenship. A long and uni-
form course of legislation relating to and regulat-
ing terntory stretching from the lakes southward
to the Gulf of Mexico, confnms the fact. Con-
gress, under the Articles of Confederation, twico
provided for the government of Territories, and
under our present Constitution the Congress of
the United States much more frequently. The
distinguished men who occupied seats in those
bodies prior to 1812 had not been enlightened by
the sibylline mysteries given to the world in tho
celebrated letter of General Cass to Mr. Nicholson,
nor by the doctrine of " popularsovercignty " so
persistently reiterated by Douglas as his "great
doctrine;" nor by Calhoun's theory, which waa
finally accepted as the cardinal, if not the sole
doctrine of Democratic faith, that the flag of the
United States, wherever it may be borne,on land
or sea, carries with it and protects human slavery,
as announced by Toombs in his Boston address
of January 24, 185G. They knew that it was the
duty of Congiess, alike under the Articles of Con-
federation and tire Constitution of the United
States, to legislate for tho Territories and provide
govern men ts for their regulation. The resolutions
of the Congress of the Confederation for the tem-
porary government of territory ceded by the in-
dividual States to the United States, adopted April
2,3, 1784, provided for the establishment ol terri-
torial governments by the " free males of full age;"
and the famous Ordinance of July 13,1787, foi the
govemmrnt of the territory northwest of the river
Ohio, which repeals the resolutions of 1784, and
the salient point of which was known first as the
" Jefferson proviso,"and later, in connection with
the Oregon struggle, as the " Wilmot proviso,"
vested the right uf suffrage in the "free male in-
habitants of full age," with a certain freehold
qualification. This Ordinance was reenacted im-
mediately after the adoption of our present Con-
stitution, by the act of Congress of August 7,1789;
and in this respect was the precedent for every
subsequent territorial act passed until 1812. The
