286
THE CONGRESSIONAL CtLOBE.
January 16,
several acts passed from the foundation of the
Government to that date, were as follows:
Under the Congress of the Confederation, those
to which I have referred, namely, that of April
23, 1784, " for the temporary government of ter-
ritory ceded or to be ceded by the individual States
to the United States;*' and that of July 13, 1787,
" for the government of the territory of the United
States northwest of the river Ohio."
And by the Congress of the United States since
the adoption of the Constitution;
The act of August 7, 1789, already referred to
as reenacting the Ordinance of 1787;
The act of May 96, 1790, for the government
of the territory of the United States south of the
river Ohio, under which, as we have seen, the
State of Tennessee was organized;
The act of April 7, 1798, for the establishment
of a government in the Mississippi territory;
The act of May 7, 1800, establishing Indiana
Territory;
The act of March 26, 1804, for the government
of Louisiana, which provided for a legislative
council, to be appointed by the President of the
United States, and not for an elective Legislature,
as did all the rest;
The act of January 11, 1805, Yor the govern-
ment of Michigan Territory;
The act of March 2, 1805, for the establish-
ment of the Territory of Orleans; and
The act of February 3, 1809, for the govern-
ment of Illinois Territory.
And in no one of these ten acts was any re-
striction placed on the right of suffrage by rea-
son of the color of the citizen. In none of them
was the word 44 white" used to limit the right to
suffrage.
The next territorial act was that of June 4,
1812, providing for the government of Missouri
Territory. More than twenty-two years had then
passed since the adoption of the Constitution;
and the men wlu/had achieved our independence
and fashioned our institutions in harmony with
the fundamental truths they had declared, and
who during this long period, more than the aver-
age active lift; of a generation, had restated the
aristocratic and stnfe-engendei ing demands of
South Carolina, were rapidly passing, indeed
most of them had passed, from participation m
public affairs. Meanwhile, slavery had been
strengthened by the unhappy compromise of the
Constitution conceded to South Carolina and
Georgia, by which "the migration or imposi-
tion of such persons as any of the States now ex-
isting shall think proper to admit" was permitted
*br the period of twenty years. Meanwhile, too,
the people of the country, enjoying unmeasured
and unanticipated prosperity, forgot thatil eternal
vigilance is the price of liberty," and that " power
it* ever stealing from the many to the few;" and
proud of their own achievements be^an to look
with contempt upon the ignoiant laborers they
owned or employed, and their kindled newly im-
ported from ihe coast of Afiica; and began that
long and rapid series ofooncc-iRions lo the fell spirit
of slavery which made the piesent war inevitable,
if free laborand the doetiine of a fair day's wages
for a fair (lay's work were to be maintained in any
part of the country. In the adoption of the ter-
ruoual bill of 1812, South Carolina and slaveiy
triumphed over freedom and the more powerful
North, and the word "white," rejected m 1778
and thenceforth, was now inserted m the clause
regulating suffrage in the fundamental law of a
Territoi y.
Successful resistance to that innovation on well-
established precedent would have secuied free-
dom to Missouti, and in ail probability aveited
tiie border wars of Kansas and the giander con-
troversy in which we are engaged, and of which
the Kansas feuds were but the sure piecursor.
Can any candid man, in the face of this mass
of concurrent evidence, assert that the fatheis of
out Government found ni the fact of color cause
for the denial of citizenship and the exercise of
suffrage to any freeman? But more and if pos-
sible more pregnant proof on the pointexists: not
only did thfy assert the right of negroes to suf-
frage by iejecting the proposition of South Caro-
lina in the Congress for fiamsng Articles of Con-
federation, and protect it by the Constitution of
the United States, and confirm it by twelve terri-
torial Ittwsj but, as 1 shall proceed to show, they,
by express treaty stipulation, first with Prance
and again with Spam, guarantied them " the
enjoyment of all the rights, advantages, and im-
munities of citizens of the United States," and
the44 free enjoyment of their liberty, property, and
the religion which they professed." To show
how unqualifiedly this was done under the admin-
istration of Mr. Jefferson, I beg leave to read a
brief extract from that most interesting and in-
structive pamphlet, 44 The Emancipated Slave
Face to Face with his Old Master," by J. Mc-
Kaye, special commissioner from the War De-
partment to the valley of the lower Mississippi,
and also a member of the Freedmen's inquiry
Commission:
" The valley of the lower Mississippi, from an early period
of its settlement, contained a propoitionately laige tiee
coloied population. In 180J, when the teiutoiy of which
the State of Uoui>ianii fonns a pait, was ceded by the
Fiench republic to the United States, these fiee coloied
men were aheady quite numerous, and many of them were
pot.set.s-od of consideiable piopoity. They weronotonlyas
tree as any other portion ot the population, hut in general
as well educated and intelligent. Many of them weie the
children ol the early white s-cultri*, and had ahvajs. enjoyed
a certain social as well tw civil equality. to the enjoy-
ment of political lights undet the old Spanish and French
regimes, neither white nor black sarnie is ever had much
experience; consequently there had never ati-a-n among
them much question of these rights, or as to whom they be-
longed. The Fiench lepubhe, founded on 'liberty, equal-
ity, fraternity,> had not yet quite forgotten thf.- import of
these woids, and hence caused to he Incited in the treaty
ot cession a solemn stipulation in the words following, to
wit:
Art. I?. The inhabitants of the cedcd territory shall
be ineoiporated into the Union of (he United Stales, and
adnulied as -oon as possible, according to the pi maple* ol
the Federal Coumituhon, to the enjo_v uicnt of all the i ighit-,
advantages, and immunities ol cut?en^nl the Tinted Stales ;
and in the mean tune they shall be maintained and piot'-etcd
in the It ee enjoyment ol their liberty, propert), and the ic-
ligion which they piofes.s.' "
The Flondas, though less populous than the
Louisiana terutoiy, hud quite as laige a propor-
tionate part of negroes and mulattoes among their
population. By the treaty of February 22, 1810,
with Spain, she ceded to the United States "nil
the territories which belong to her, situated to the
eastwaid of the Mississippi, known by the name
of East and West Flomlas." The sixth article of
the treaty is as follows:
"The inhahiiitnts of the ten itoi icc which his Catholic
M.ljeMy <■< (lis to the Unit'-d St.He-. h\ ti< .it v shall bo ineoi -
poiated in the Union of the United State. -non as ni.iy
he eon-a>t< nt with the punciple-. ol the J'Vd'wal Constitu-
tion, and admitted to tlie eiijo\ inent ol all tin* pimlege-*,
right-;, and untuinuues ol the eiu/,en^ ol t!i<j United tales-.">
My proposition is that the Government of the
United Statea was instituted to secure the lights
of till the citizens of the country, and not for the
benefit of men of one race only, and I know not
where to look for evidence that would suengthcu
the conclusiveness of the mass of proof I have
thus adduced, embracing as it does the action of
the framers of all the State constitutions but one,
of the Congress for framing Articles of Confed-
eration, of the Convention foi framing ihe Consti-
tution of the United States, the acts of Congress
in unhioken series tluoughout the active life of a
gene rat ion, and the solemn obligations assumed by
the executive department of the national Govern-
ment in the exerei.se of the tieaty-making power.
If other source of proof there be it can only serve
to make assurance-doubly sure.
IVIr. Speaker, it is safe to assert that in every
State, save South Carolina, and possibly Virginia
and Delaware—in which two States the question
of suffrage was leguluted by statute and not by
constitutional piovision—negroes paiticipated in
constituting the Convention which framed the
Constitution of the United States, and voted for
members of the State conventions to which the
question of its ratification was submitted; and as
that Constitution contains no clause which ex-
pressly or by implication deprives them of the
ptoteeung power and influence of the instrument
they participated m creating, I may well say that
to secure internal peace by the establishment of
political homogeneity, and perpetuate it by the
abolition of political classes and castes whose
conflicting rights and interests will provoke inces-
sant agitation, and ever and anon, as the oppressed
may be inspired by the fundamental piinciples
of our Government, or goaded by wrongs excite
armed insurrection, we need adoptno new theory,
but accept the principles of our fathers, and ad-
minister in good faith to all men the institutions
they founded on them.
As a s&ep to this, my amendment proposes,
not that the entire mass of people of African de-
scent, whom ourlawsand customs have degraded
and brutalized, shall be immediately clothed with
all the rights of citizenship. It proposes only to
grant the right of suffrage, inestimable to all men,
to those who may be so farfitted by education for
its judicious exercise as to be able to read the Con-
stitution and laws of the country, in addition to
the brave men, who, in the name of law and lib-
erty, and in the hope of leaving their children heirs
to both, havo welcomed the baptism ofbattle in the
naval and military service of the United States, and
who are embraced by the amendment reported by
thecommittee. This, I admit, will be an entering
wedge, by the aid of which, in a brief time, the
whole mass improved, enriched, and enlightened
by the fast-coming and beneficent providences of
God, will be qualified for and permitted to enjoy
those rights by which they may protect themselves
and aid in giving to all others that near approach
to exact justice which we hope to attain from the
intelligent exercise of universal suffrage and the
submission of all trials of law in which a citizen
may be interested to the decision of his peers as
jurors.
1 am, Mr. Speaker, under but one specific
pledge to my constituents other than that which
promised to vote away the last dollar from each
man's coffer and the lastable-bodied son fiom his
hearthside, if they should be needed for the effect-
ual suppression of the rebellion, and thatis,that
I will in their behalf consent to no proposed sys-
tem of reconstruction which shall place the loyal
men of the insutrectionary district under the un-
bridled control of the wicked and heartless trai-
tors who have involved us ifr this war, and illus-
trated their barbarity by the fiendish cruelties they
have practiced on their loyal neighbors, negro sol-
diers and unhappy prisoners of war; and to that
pledge, God helping me, I mean to prove faithful.
The future peace and prosperity of the country
demand this much at our hands. The logic, of
our institutions, the principles of the men who
achieved our independence and who framed those
institutions, alike impel us to this course, as ne-
cessary as it will be wise and just.
Let us meet the question fan ly. Do our institu-
tions rest on complexions! difteiences* Can we
cement and perpetuate ihem by surrendering the
patriots of the insurgent district, shorn of all po-
litical power, into the hands of the traitors whom
we propose to propitiate by such a saciifice of
faith and honor? Did God ordain our country
for a single race of men? Is there reason why
the intelligent, wealthy, loyal man of color shall
stand apart, abased, on election day, while his
ignorant, intemperate, vicious,and disloyal white
neighbor participates in making laws for his
government? What is the logic that denies to a
son the right to vote with or against his father,
because it has pleased Ileaven that he should par-
take more largely of his mother's than of that
father's complexion ? And is it not known to all
of us that well-nigh forty per cent, of the colored
people of the South are children of white fatheis,
who, after we subjugate them, will with profes-
sions of loyalty only lip deep, enjoy the right of
suffrage in the reconsti ucted States ? Shall he,
though black as ebony be his skin, who, by pa-
tient industry, obedience to the laws,and unvary-
mg good habits, has accumulated piopcrty on
which he cheerfully pays taxes, be denied the
right of a voice in the government of a State to
whose support and welfare he thus contributes,
while the idle, reckless, thriftless man of fairer
complexion shall vote away his earnings and
trifle with his life or interests as a juror? Shall
the brave man who has periled life, and mayhap
lost limb, who has endured the dangers ot the
march, the camp, and the bivouac m defense of
our Constitution and laws, be denied their pro-
tection, while the traitois in the conquest of whom
he assisted enjoy those rights, and use them as
mstiuments for his oppression and degradation?
Shall he who, in the language of my amendment,
may be able to read the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, and who finds Ins pleasure in the study
of history and political philosophy, whose in-
tegrity is undoubted, whose means are ample, be
voiceless in the councils of the nation, and read
only to learn that the people of free and enlight-
ened Ameiica, among whom his lot has been
