1052
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Febauary 24,
were not of sufficient caliber and force. All our
forts on the eastern sea-board are in just that con-
dition; and you cannot place those large guns in
position without large appropriations of money.
1 repeat again, before { close, that I know ! am
right; that tins appropriation is not for the man-
ufacture of guns, but that it is for the proper re-
placement of the old and inefficient artillery with
guns that shall be necessary and effectual in
sinking iron-clads that dare approach them.
If the argument of the Senator from Iowa is worth
anything, it goes against all fortifications on our
sea-coast. 1 will not say to the honorable Sena-
tor that he represents Iowa, which needs no for-
tifications of this kind; because he is too high-
spirited, and this Senate have shown a sufficient
evidence of his knowledge of that branch of the
public service by placing him in the high position
of chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs
of this body, I appreciate his opinions; but 1
ask him in candor to examine and weigh theeffect
and force of that letter of Air. Blakeiey, which
shows clearly that we have not a fort in the Uni-
ted States that is capable of sinking an iron.clad
at the distance which her great artillery enables
her to lie off hom us, while she assails us, unless
we replace the guns that are now upon our Atlan-
tic and Pacific sea-board fortifications by more
effective aruJiery.
Mr. GRIMES. The letter of Mr. Blakeiey
proves a great deal m*ore than the Senator from
California says. It says that Fort Fisher was
more heavily and more ably armed than any of ;
the vessels in the British navy or any of thy forts |
along the British sea-coast. His expression is: I
"Most of these guns wore more powerful thnn anvgun
mounted on any lb it in Euiriand or anv English ship, ex-
cept one, wliicli has a fuw of the ,valuab'e nine-inch
j UJ-poundfiri5 orJercd by the Duke of Somerset.5'
Mr. Blakeiey might further have said that two
of the Armstrong guns that bore the mark of the
h.ngi!idi arsenal upon them, the best pattern of
Armstiong guns, were also included 111 the aima-
ment of Fort Fisher. The inference, therefore,
not only would that the 30-pounders and the
24-pounders. or the 68-pounders that are now
mounted in our forts, to which the Senator from
California has alluded, would be of no possible
use against an attack by sea by a naval force, but
even if you were to increase your armament,and
strengthen it up to the same degree of excellence
that the Etislish Government have strengthened
their armaments, they would be of no value.
Many of tne English ships-of-war have mounted
upon them Armstrong guns, which that Govern-
ment have hiiherto considered as the best arma-
ment that cbuld possibly be devised; and yet, in
the estimation of jVIr. Blakeiey, none of those
guns are able to meet an iron-clad at a distance
of eight hundred yards, and do it any material
injury.
Mr. COJN^EbST. Will the Senator permitme
to interrupt hnn again?
Mr. G-ill.VIES. Yes,sir.
Mr. (JO.\.\ESS. Is u not now palpable to
the Senator from Iowa that the confession tliatis
contained m that letter of Mr. Blakeiey, that there
is not an English ship that can at tile same dis-
tance withstand the fiie of the guns we now use,
or the guns with which wecaptured Fort Fisher,
furnishes the strongest reason why we should
place that class of ordnance that our iron-clads
used in thecapture of Fort Fisher upon our forts?
If, as he says, there is not a British ship that can
withstand the powerof those guns, I should think
it would follow that there is no British ship that
can withstand our forts, having like guns placed
upon them.
What Mr. Blakeiey tells the British people is,
that the American fleet which captured Fort Fisher
could successfully attack the fortified ports of the
British empire, and therefore they should at once
put their forts in a proper condition of defense
against our iron-clads by placing upon them heav-
ier armaments than they now have. Can anything
be more conclusive in favor of the proposition
the Senator now opposes?
lVff' (?£,IMESl No' sir; il does not follow
at all. What we want to successfully resist an
iron-clad when it attempts to enter our harbor
is a gun mounted on a vessel thatcan come nearly
ill contact with the iron vessel that is attempt-
ing to make an encroachment upon us, and not
locate it 011 a fort a mile or a mile and a'hatf
away from the channel, as many of these forts
are located.
Now, Mr. President, if thisappropriation were
wholly and exclusively for what the Senator from
California thinks it is, that is, to change the em-
brasures of the fort so as to admit a different spe-
cies of cannon to be used from those for which
the forts were originally constructed, I would be
in favor of it.
Mr. CONNESS. That is it.
Mr. GRIMES. But here is a diversity of opin-
ion between the two Senators. The chairman of
the committee says that it is to build new forts and
to prosecute the construction of old forts that were I
undertaken before the developments and the in- I
struction that have been furnished to the nation by |
the prosecution of the present war. ;
Mr. CONNESS. We can easily get the opin- j
ion of General Delafield for the Senate. i
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator fiom California 1
says the purpose of the amendment is to change '
the construction of these embrasures so as to ad-
mit the use of a different species of artillery. I i
am willing to go with the Senator from California !
to accomplish that purpose, because the forts may |
then be of some service. I do not think the old !
forts that have been built will ever be of any ma- ;
;j terial service; but I think they would be of some i
(■ service; 1 think it would be a wise expenditure ;
j! for us to change them, so that we can use the -
proper kind of artillery in tliem; but I am un- ]
willing to vote for an appropriation that shall
' provide for prosecuting the construction of forts
that were undertaken before the commencement
1 of this war, and before the lessons that have been
; taught us by Fort Hmdman and Fort Morgan,
j and St. Philip and Jackson, and Macon and Sum-
' ter, had been learned by the nation. 1 thought
; there was one thing that was learned from the
| Crimean war by ail the nations of the earth; I
thought Todleben had been a great instiuctor of
I people; and that was, that the old necessity of
| fortifications was an exploded idea; and Lhat where
■ ever earth could be obtained, earth was the proper
material with which to make fortifications.
j The Senator from California says that it is ne-
, cessary to have bomb-proofs. That is true. Tnere
! should be bomb-proofs, and magazines; but those
will not constitute the stone fortifications. It
would be necessary to make walls around those
bomb-proofs, perhaps, and then cover ihem with
earth. I would be willing to provide for the con-
struction of such fortifications a^ those; and stone
wails should be built around the magazines; but
the idea of building a magazine in a fort entirely
of stone, as some of them are being built now, 1
think would be absurd in the highest degree, with
the teachings we have had on this subject.
, Mr. President, I do not know what the vote may
; be on this subject. I do not know whether we
I are prepared to abandon this old and effete sys-
; tem that has been fastened on us for the last fifty
j years; but the time is not far distant when the
I Senator from California and I will occupy pre-
| cisely the same position on this subject. The
I first foreign war that this nation has will demon-
j strate that the old fortifications are utterly value.
| less, just as this war has demonstrated that our,
artillery was of no value; just as the Mexican
war demonstrated that the'artillery with which
our shins were mounted in 1812, by the side of
the artillery we had in 1846, was of no compara-
tive value.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator from Iowa, I think,
has made a captive of himself. He has promised
or said he would be in favor of an appropriation
for the building of forts for the purpose stated by
the Senator from California; that if the object of
the appropriation was to enlarge the forts' or to
reconstruct the forts 
Mr. GRIMES. I did not say that. I stated
expressly that if the purpose was to prosecute to
completion old forts that had been undertaken
before the lessons we have learned during this
war were taught us, I was opposed to it; but that
if we were merely to change the embrasures so
that artillery of a different description could be
used, then 1 was in favor of it.
Mr. CLARK, If the Senator had allowed me
to get through with my statement, perhaps he
would not have been so ready to coriect me. I
j understood hira to say, and 1 submit to the Sen-
ate that was the spirit of what he did say, that if
the appropriation was intended for the alteration
of forts or the enlargement of the embrasures of
forts so as to use artillery or guns of n difFt/rent
caliber,such as had been demonstrated to be use-
ful in a war like this, then he was for it. Now
if General D'dafield said anything—and I think
he did say something, because I put thequesuorj
to him myself in regard to it—but if he did say
anything in regard to these forts, he did say what
the Senator from California says he did say; th^t
he desired to reconstruct or so repair these forts
that they should take this very artillery which
had been demonstrated to be so useful in this
war.
I did riot understand from what General Dela-
field said that he was a man who never learned
anything, as the Senator from Iowa would seem
to intimate the engineer corps never did. He did
not say, in so many words, tin y never learned
anything; but lie said lie hoped ihey weie not like
the. Bourbons, who never foigot and nevei h-ai i,rd.
General Delafield confessed that ihe war had dem-
onstrated that you must have beiterguus, and he
wanted to prepare these forts undir Jus chargeto
receive those better guns, and hence he askpd
the appropriation. He asserted, what every body
will assert, probably, who has looked on thin war,
that eaithworks were better to a certain degree
where they could be used, than stone; but, said
he, what are you goins to do on a rocky point,
where you cannot build an earth « ork; whete the
sea would wash it away the moment you did build
it? You aredriven—it is your lasi resort—to use
stone. VV hen the Senator from I own, with all his
astuteness, undertakes to say that Fort Fisher
wasatmed with these heavy guns, heavier than
any English fort was ever armed with, and yet
they were powerless under the Navy, 1,-t me tell
j the Senator from Iowa that Fort Fisher held the
Navy at bay entirely until a land force was landed
, and took it by assault. What we want is to arm
1 these foi ts ail along the const with th* guns that are
made necessary by the pmgjess of war, the pi og-
ress of engineering, and the ordnance depart-
ment; to arm them with that sort of guns that
shall be efficient, and to alter the forts for the re-
ception of those guns.
Mr. CONN ESS. And the progress in ship-
building.
Mr. CLARK. And the progress of the Navy. .
I admit, and I feel a pride in it, that the great
Navy has made wonderful progress; lhar the vic-
tories of the Navy have beer) full of "lory, and
have won for it renown. 1 lejoice that we hate
made this improvement in guns and missiles. I
hope we shall be able to make the improvement
in fortifications made necessai y by these improved
guns, and thus protect our harbors.
Now, Mr. Piesident, it will be understood, I
think, from what ] say that I did notagr«*e to this
amendment of the Finance Committee. There is
another reason why 1 did not agree to it beyond
what I have stated. The bill appropi lates specific
sums for different fortifications, as, for instance,
Fort Wayne a given sum, Fort .Niagara another
given sum, and so on through the list of fortifica-
tions which it is desired to impiove or rebuild.
The proposition of the Finance Committee is to "
strike out all these different appropriations and to
put into the hands of the President of the United
btates a given sum of money to expend where he
shall deem best. I do not doubt the honesty, I
do not doubt the discretion of the President of
the United States; but here it is understood that
he has a million and a half of money to be expended
at Portland, or Portsmouth, or Huston, or New
Yoik, or Philadelphia, or some location on the
Pacific coast, and the men who are the smartest
and who can make him understand that there is
the most necessity in this or that harbor, will
get the money. I do not propose, and do not
wish to leave it in the hands of the President in
that way. I say that Congress should judge of
the necessity of the appropriation at a given place,
and make the appropriation or refuse it, ns the
necessity maybe. If it is not necessary that any
of these forts should be improved or rebuilt, or
the work be carried on upon them, let us strike out
the appropriation entirely and take it away, and
not put money into the hands of the President to
use it as he may deem wise, (and perhaps it will
be wise,) or as certain people may persuade hira
is wise.
But I want to call the attention of the Senate to
another thing that General Delafield said bearing
