1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
287"
cast,sustain the only Government which punishes
a race because God in His providence gave it a
complexion which its unhappy members would
not have a^epted had it been submitted to their
choice or volition ? And can he who will answer
these questions affirmatively believe that Govern-
ments are instituted among men to secure their
rights, that they derive their powers from the
consent of the governed, and that it is the duty
of a people, when any Government becomes de-
structive of their rights, to alter or abolish it, and
establish a new Government ? Sir, our hope for
peace, while we attempt to govern two fifths of the
people of one half of our country in violation of
these fundamental piinciples, will be idle as the
bieeze of summer or the dreams of the opium
eater.
In this connection let me call the attention of the
House to a fact to which I have already invited
that of many members and other distinguished
gentlemen. By the census of I860 it appears
that South Carolina had but 291,300 white inhab-
itants, and 412,408 colored. Among the former
we have no reason to know or believe that, since
the death of Pettigrew, there is a single loyal
man; while the latter, we have no reason to doubt,
are all as loyal as Robert Small, the patriot, pilot
of Charleston harbor. Are we to declare that one
white citizen of South Carolina is entitled to mote
weight in the councils of the nation than two citi-
zens of a northern State; and are the 291,300 to be
vested with the absolute government of 703,708?
Is the entire loyalty of that State to be confided to
♦ he tender mercies of the chagrined and humili-
ated, hut unconverted and devilish traitors of the
State that engendered and inaugurated this bloody
rebellion ? And shall they who have fought for our
Aug,sheltered our soldiers when flying fiom loath-
some pi isons, guided them through hidden paths
by m<rht, saving them from starvation by shai ing
With "them their poor and scanty food, and whose
unceasing prayer to God has been for our ttiumph,
he handed over to the lash, the it on collar, and
the teeth of the blood-hound, to gratify our pude
of race and propitiate our malignant foes?
Ajjain, the census shows that Mississippi, in
J801) had hut 350,901 white inhabitants, and
4^7,404 eolored. Disloyally wasalmost as prev-
alent among the white men of Mississippi as
among those of South Carolina. Hut who has
hea id fiort) traveler, correspondent, returning sol-
dier, or other poison, that he has found a coloied
tiaitor within the limits of that State? And shall
we, ignoring our theory that " Governments de-
rive their just powers from the consent of the
governed," say lo the majoiityin these States,
" Stand back ! time and tabor cannot qualify you
to take care of yourselves? We spuin you for
the scrv lee you have tendered our cause, and hand
von over to the degradation, the unrequited toil,
the slow but sure and eiuel extermination which
your oppressors in then pude and madness will
provide for you ?"
And maik you, Mr. Speaker, again, how nearly
the races are balanced in Louisiana, Georgia, and
Alabama. In Louisiana there aie 357,456 whites
and 350,54G coloied people. Of whitc.sjn Georgia
theie ate 501,550, and of colored people there are
465,73G. In Alabama the whites number 526,271,
while there are of colored 437,930. And in Flor-
ida there is the same near approach to equality of
numbers, the white population being 77,747 and
the colored G2,G77. Ate these people by our de-
cree to remain dumb and voiceless in freedom?
They are no longer slaves. War and the high
prerogative of the Piestdent, called into exuici&e
by the war, have made them ftce. Will you in-
flict upon them al+the misenes predicted for the
ftee colored people of Tennessee in the extract
which I have read to you? No, rather let ns
hind them to our Government by enabling them
to protect their interests, share its power, and ap-
preciate its beneficence. This we can do, and
the alternative is to so degrade them that they will
prove an annoyance and an object of distrust to
their white neighbors, an element of weakness
to the Government, and a constant invitation to
diplomatic intrigue and war by the ambitious
man who dreams of a Latin empire in America,
and who, following the example of the States of
Central and South America, will accept the de-
scendant of Africa as a Basque and a citizen of
his proposed empire.
And here u may not be amiss to pause for a
moment and contemplate some ulterior conse-
quences of*our action on this subject. Trained
in the school of Democracy, I am a believer in
the " manifest destiny" of mycountry. Having
regarded the acquisition by Mr. Jefferson of the
Louisiana territory as wise and beneficent, though
unwarranted by the Constitution, beholding great
advantages in the acquisition of Florida, and hav-
ing believed that, without war, could we have
patiently waited, Texas would have come to us
naturally as a State or States of the Union, I am
used to dreaming of the just influence the United
States are to exercise, from end to end of the
American continent. Among the mostephemeral
products of our era will be the Franco-Austrian
empire in Mexico, if we be but true to our own
principles in this season of doubt and perplexity.
Our infidelity to principles alone can give it per-
petuity. Within its limits the question of color
js not a political or a social question; it is purely
one of taste. There, as in Central and South
America, the colored man is a freeman. And
we are to determine whether the sympathies of
these millions of people within our own borders
are to be with the Government whose supi emacy
they have aided in reestablishing or with the wily
and ambitious man who will pledge them citizen-
ship on condition that they aid him i# carrying the
limits of his Latin empire to the northern bound-
ary of the Gulf States of America. To them the
United States or Mexico will be the exemplar na-
tion of the world. Before her ruder lawsalPmen
are equal. Let ours be not less broad and just.
The tropical and malatious regions of Central
America have, during the prevalence of slavery,
seemed to be the natural geographical boundary
of our influence in that direction. Tropical re-
gions are not the home of the white man. They
wert • v t made for him. God did not adapt him
to thefi They are prolific in wealth, invite to
commercial intercourse, yield many things neces-
sary to the success of our arts and industry, and
will one day afford" a market for immense masses
of our productions. But we cannot occupy them;
we cannot develop their resources. Nor can the
negro, in the ignorance and dcgiadation to which
we have hitherto doomed him. We have at length
made him a soldier, and if need be he will carry
our arms and our flag triumphantly over that
to us pestilential region; and, if we make him a
citizen; open to his children the school-house;
give him the privilege of the workshop, the studio,
the hall of science; admit him to the delights and
inspirations of literatui e, philosophy, poetry—in
htief, if we recognize htm as a man and open to
him the broad fields of American enterprise and
culture, he will see that nature has given him the
monopoly of thewealihof that region, and will
bless i he world by making himself the master of it.
By this means,and this alone, can we extend our
influence over that region, ami prepare for the
ultimate Ameiicanizalion of those drained by
the Ounoko, the Amazon, and the Parana. As
a citizen, nature wili prompt the colored man
to achieve these grand results. But if we leave
the lace a disfranchised and disaffected class in
our midst, numbering millions, and embracing
hundreds of thousands of men who m pursuit of
heedom have bared their breasts to the storm of
battle, and who are no longer debarred by stat-
ute from access to the sources of thought and
knowledge, they will, let me reiterate the fact, be
aieaily and poweiful ally to any power thatmay
be disposed to disturb our peace and that will
ptormse them the enjoyment of the lights of men
as accoided to every citizen by its Government.
But it may be said, " history vindicates your
theory; our fathers did mean that the black man
should be a citizen and a voter; to deny him his
rights is illogical as you have suggested; it would
| be better to secure his loyalty to the Government
! by its even-handedjustice, but such an act would
i exasperate the southern people, and we do not
think it wise to do that; his race is inferior; and,
in short, we will not do it." Who says his r*ce
is inferior? Upon what theater have you per-
mitted him to exhibitor develop his power? Give
him an opportunity to exhibit his capacity, and
let those who follow you and have before them
the results he produces in freedom judge as to his
relative position in the scale of human powerand
worth. To whom and to what do you say the
American negro and mulatto are inferior? Was
our Government fashioned for the Caucasian
alone ? Will you, as Theodore Tilton well asked,
exchange the negro for the Esquimaux, for the -
Pacific islander, for the South American tribes?
Will you exchange our negroes for so many Mon-
golians, Ethiopians, American Indians, or Ma-
lays? I apprehend that the universal answer to.
these questions will be in the negative; because,
oppress them as we may, we rate the American -
negroes as next to our own proud race in the'
scale of humanity. And shall we erect around
our civilization, our privileges, and immunities,
a more than Chinese wall ? -Shall America, proud
of her democracy, become the most exclusive of
all nations of the world? Or shall she carry her
faith into her life and become the home of man-'
kind, the empire of freedom, and, by her example,
the reformer of the world ?
Let us frankly accept Jefferson's test as to the
right of suffrage, and give it practical effect. In
a letter dated July 12, 1816, in discussing a pro-
posed amendment to the constitution of Virginia,
Mr. Jefferson said:
"The true foundation of republican government is the
equ.il right of every citizen in his person and property, and
in tlieii management. Try by this as a tally every provis-
ion of our constitution and see if it hangs directly on the
will of the people. Kcduce your Legislature to a conven-
ient number for full but orderly discussion. Let everyman
who fights or pans exercise his just and equal right in their
election—Jefferson's IVorks, vol. 7, page 11/
And again, in a letter written April 19, 1824,
he said:
l< However nature may, by mental or physical disquali-
fications, have marked inldiits and the weaker sex for the
pioteotion rather than the direction of Government, yet
among men uho cither pay or fis,ht for their country no line
of Tight can be drawn."—Works, vol. 7, page 345.
And again, as if to show how well considered
his opinion was, in the Notes on Virginia, speak-
ing of the then constitution of that State, he said:
"This constitution was foimed when we were new and
inexpeuenced in the science ol government, it was the
ilr^t, too. that was foitried in the whole United States. No
wonder, then, that tune and trialhavediscovered very cap-
ital detect* in it:
" K The ln.ijouty of the men in the State who pay and
fight for its support are unrepresented in the Legislature, the
loll of freeholders entitled to vote, not including gcnetaUy
the hall of the militia or of the tax-gatherprs."—iVorks,
vol. 8, page 3f>9.
By adopting this sound test, which, be it re-
membered, was the only one recognized by the
fathers, and adhering 16 it, our practice will har-
monize with our theories, and the repugnance be-
tween the races will gradually disappear. Wealth
and power conceal many deformities, and will
make the black man less odious to all than he now
seems. Thus will consistent adherence to prin-
ciple give strength and peace to our country.
But if, on the other hand, we ignore the rights
of these four million people and their posterity,
the demon of agitation will haunt us in the fu-
ture fearfully as'it has in the past. Theappealsof
these millions for justice will not go forth in vain;
and the liberal, the'conscientious, the philanthrop-
ic, the religious, now that our Christian church
recognizes her long off-cast child philanthropy,
will be found in hostile array against what the com-
mercial and planting interests will regard as the
conservatism of the day; and though we find that
we have buried the slavery question, our peace
will bedistuibed by the negro question constantly,
and fearfully as it has been by the struggle be-
tween slavery and free labor. To which party
ultimate victoiy would be vouchsafed in such a
controversy I need notask,as the nation acknowl-
edges that God still lives and is omnipotent.
Again, such action is necessary to prevent the
reestablishment of our old tormentor, slavery. It
is hoped that the proposed amendment to the
Constitution, forever prohibiting slavery, may be
adopted. But it has not yet passed this House; and
if it had, who can guaranty its adoption by three
fourths of the State Legislatures? I hope and
believe that that amendment will be adopted; but
it is within the range of possibility that it may be
defeated. And how, in that event, save by the
suffrage of the colored man, by his right to pro-
tect himself, his power at the ballot-box, shall we
pievent his subjugation, or the bloody war that
such an attempt might provoke—the reenactment
on the broader theater of our southern States of
the terrible tragedies that ensued upon the attempt
to again reduce to bondage the freed slaves of St.
Domingo?
Let it be borne in mind that States within the
Union dcteimine through their organism who
