THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY F. & J. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Eighth Congre&s., 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 18, 1865.
New Series No. 19-
express order of Genera! Banks that the negroes should be
educated. lie replied that' no one bliould teach lus ne-
giues.'"
And he further declares it as his deliberate judg-
ment that—
"If civil government be established here and military
rule withdrawn, there is the greatest danger that the negro
would become subject to some form of serfdom."
Mr. Commissioner McKaye, in his invaluable
pamphlet, to which I have already referred, con-
firms the general correctness or the views of
Colonel Hanks, and says they were concurred
in by many other intelligent persons familiar
with the subject, and that his own personal ob-
servation fully confirms them. He says:
" In a stretch of throe hundred miles up and down the
Mississippi, but one Creole planter was found (there may,
ofcouise, have been others with whom L did not come iu
contact) who heartily and unreservedly adopted the idea
of free labor, and homMly earned it out upon hw planta-
tion. And although he declared that, in itself, it was suc-
cessful nmeh beyond his expectation, yet. he said, 'my life
and that of my iamily are tendered very unhappy by the
opposition and contumely of my neighbors.'
"The simple tiuth is, thatthe vnus of slavery, the lust
of ownership, in the hearts of these old masters, is as vir-
ulent and active to-day as it ove.i was. Many ot them ad-
mit that the oUUbim of slavery is for the present broken up.
Thej' do not hesitate even to express the opinion that the
expeiiinent of secession is a fit lure ; hut they scoff at the
idea of freedom for the negro, and repeat the old aigument
ot ins incapacity to take care of himself, or to entertain any
higher motive lor exertion than that of the whip. They
await with impatience the withdrawal of the military au-
thonties,and the lcestabl^lunent ot the civil power of the
State, to be cowiolled and u-ed as hitherto for the main-
tenance of what to them doubtless appeals the painmouut
object of all civil authority, of tile State itself, some form of
the slave system.
a With blight modification, the language used recently by
Judge Jiumplney in a speech deliveied at a Union meeting
at H'tnibVille. Alabama, heems most aptly to expiess the
hopes and purposes of a large piopoition of the old masters
in the valley of the Mississippi who have commented to
qualify theii loyalty to the Union by taking the oath pre-
scribed by the Piesident's proclamation of amnesty. After
advising that Alabama should at once return to the Union
by simplx/ rescinding the ordinance of secession* and after ex-
pressing the opinion that the old institution of slavery was
gone, Judge Humphrey says,£ I believe, m case of a icturn
to the Union, we would jeceive politualcoopciatiun, so as
to secure themanagpinent nf that labor by those who vveie
tdaves. There is i cully no difference, in in 1/ opinion, whethci
we hold them as absolute slaves or obtain their labor by some
other method. Of course we ptef< r the old method, ttut
tli.it question is not now before us.'"
To the same WTert was the testimony of the late
Brigadier General James S. Wadsworth, whose
official tour through the valley of the Mississippi
gave him ample means of arriving at an intelli-
gent judgment:
"Theie is one tiling that must be taken into account,
and that is, that theie will exist a veiy stiong disposition
sirnong the masters to control these people and keep them
as a subordinate and subjected class. Undoubtedly they
intend to do that. I think the tendency to establish a sys-
tem of neii'dom is the gieat danger lo be guaided against.
I talked with a plautei 111 the La Kourche district, neai
TibadouviUe; lie said he win not in favor ot secession;
he avowed his hope and expectation thai slavery would be
restoied there in s ome loi rn. i said, 'If we went away
and left these people now do you suppose you could reduce
them again to slavery " Ilf laughed to scoin the idea that
they could not. ' What' said I, * the-=e men who have had
arms in their hands?' 'Yes,' lie said; l\ve should take
the aims away from them,of coutse.5"
While we confront these facts, let me, Mr.
Speaker, ask of you and the House whether we
shall best consult our country's welfare by giving
to the laboring people of the South the ballot by
which they may protect themselves, and msphing
them with the hopes and disciplining them by
the duties of citizenship, 01 by predetermining that
ours shall be a military Government, and that the
fust-horn son of every northern household shall be
liable to pass his life in the Army, maintained to
protect the aristocratic South against the maddened
and degraded laborers whom she oppresses. It is
we who are to decide this question; we who are
to determine who shall select delegates to the con-
ventions that are to frame the future constitutions
of the insurgent States; we who are to say whether
the constitutions which they will submit to us
when asking readmission are republican m form,
as required by the terms of the Constitution of the
United States; and if we fail here, to our timid-
ity, arrogance, prejudice, or pride of color will
be justly attributable the conversion of our peace-
19
ful country into a military Power, and our democ-
racy into an aristocracy. " We cannot escape
history."
This is not mere idle fancy. Let us for a mo-
ment suppose, not what is alone within the range
of possibility, but what is within the scope of
probability; nay, what is almost certain to hap-
pen—that the two hundred and ninety-one thou-
sand pardoned rebels of South Carolina should
demand from their Legislature an act reducing to
apprenticeship, serfdom, orotherform of slavery,
the four hundred and twelve thousand colored peo-
ple of the State, or that they deny thenp all polit-
ical rights, tax them without their consent, legis-
late, not for their welfare, but for their degradation
and oppression. Composing this unrepresented
mass would be those who have passed through
General Saxton's schools and learned to read,those
who by toil hare earned the means to purchase
at sales for taxes, or under the confiscation laws,
a home and land; and others scarred and war-
worn in the military or naval service of the-coun-
try, who would hurry to and fro, rallying their
friends to resist the outrage, and maintain their
right to life, liberty, and property. Here would
be the beginning of civil war; war in which we
who believe in the doctrine of man's rights, that
Governmentsare instituted to protect those rights,
that they rest on the consent of the governed, and
should be overthrown when they infringe those
rights, would bid the insurgents God-speed. Ah !
this we might do as men, as individuals; but as
citizens of the United States what would be our
duty and how must our power be exercised? The
minority, though vested with political power,
fearing the superior force of the majority, would,
in the name of the State, appeal to us; and, re-
pugnant as the duty might be, we would owe it
to the sacred compromises of the Constitution to
yield our pride, our conscience, our fidelity to
God and man, and become again the protectors
of slavery or the pliant instruments for reducing
the majority of the people of the State into sub-
jection to thearrogantaristocracy of South Caro-
lina. In God's name let us, while we can,avert
such a possibility. Let us conquer our preju-
dices. Let us prove that we are worthy of the
heritage bequeathed usby our revolutionary sires-
Let us show the world that, inheriting the spirit
of our forefathers, we regard liberty as a right so
universal and a blessing so grand that, while we
are ready to surrender our all rather than yield
it, we will guaranty it at whatever cost to the
poorest child that breathes the air of ourcountry.
But we owe a provisiomof this kind to another
class of citizens than that of which 1 have been
speaking. There are other loyal men than these
in the South. Andrew Johnson, Horace May-
nard, William H. Wisener, sr., John W. Bo wen,
W. G. Brownlow, though not alone in their loy-
alty, represent but a minority of the white peo-
ple of Tennessee; and Thomas J. Durant, and
Benjamin F. Flanders, and Rufus Waples, and
Alfred Jcrvis have had thousands of adherents
and coworkers among the whites of Louisiana;
but they, too, are but a minority of the white peo-
ple of that State. And as our armies go con-
quering, we may learn that even on some hillside
in South Carolina there have been men whose loy-
alty to the Union has never yielded. How shall
these protect themselves in the reconstructed
State ? What millennial influence will induce the
envenomed spirit of the majority of the people by
whom they will be surrounded to treat them with
loving-kindness or human justice ? Whowillgo
with them to the polls in their respective districts ?
Where will they find an unprejudiced judge and
an impartial jury to vindicate their innocunce when
falsely accused or maintain their right to charac-
ter and property? We must remember that it is
the power and not the spirit of the rebellion we
are conquering. Time alone shall conquer this.
The grave, long years hence, will close over those
who to the last day of their life would, were it in
their power, overthrow the Government or re-
venge *their supposed wrongs upon those who
aided in sustaining it. The truly loyal white men
of the insurrectionary districts need the sympathy
and political support of all the loyal people among
whom they dwell, and unless we give it to thej 
we place them as abjectly at the feet of those who
are now in arms against us as we do the negro
whom their oppressors so despise. I cannot eo'nr
ceive how the American Congress could write &
page of history that would so disgrace it in the
eyes of all posterity as by consenting to close this
war by surrendering to the unbridled lust and
power of the conquered traitors of the South,
those who, through blood, terror, and anguish,
have been our friends, true to our principles and
our welfare. To purchase peace by such heart-
less meanness and so gigantic a barter of princi-
ple would be unparalleled in baseness in the his-
tory of mankind.
This is felt in the South. The black man al-
ready rejoices in the fact that, if we are guilty of
so great a crime as this, he will not be alone in
his suffering; it will not be his prayers or his
curses only that will penetrate the ear of an
avenging God against those who had thus been
false to all His teachings and every principle they
professed. I find in the New Orleans Tribune of
December 15, 1864, which paper, I may remark,
is the organ of the proscribed race in Louisiana,
and is owned and edited and printed daily in the
French and English language by persons of that
race, an admirable article in response to the ques-
tion, " Is there any justice for the black ?" which
was drawn forth by the acquittal of one Michael
Gleason, who had been tried for murder.
The crime was established beyond all peradven-
ture. It was abundantly proven thatthe victim,
Mittie Stephens, a colored boy, had been quietly
sitting on the guards of the boat, watching the
rod with which he was fishing, that other boys
sat near him, when the defendant came behind
him, leaned over, and deliberately pushed him
into the water, and folding his arms on his breast
stood and saw the boy rise thrice to the surfaoe
and then sink forever; that a colored woman ex-
claimed, That is not right," and the defendant
answered, "I would do the same to you;" and
thus neither rescuing the child nor permitting
others to do it, coolly and deliberately committed
murder. There was no dispute as to any of the
facts of the case. The New Orleans Era, noti-
cing the case, says that it establishes the theory
that " a man may, whenever he has no other way
of amusing himself, throw a negro boy overboard
from a steamboat, prevent any of his friends from
rescuing the drowning struggler, stand quietly
looking on while he goes to the bottom to rise no
more, and be considered 4 not guilty'of murder
or any other crime;" and adds, having evidently
hoped for better things under freedom than it had
been used to in the days of slavery, "This is
almost as enlightened a verdict as we were accus-
tomed to in the palmy days of thuggery."
The colored editor of the Tribune avails him-
self of the case to point a moral, and well i
"The trial by jury is considered as the safe-guard of in-
nocence. It has been found that a man indicted for a
cmmnal offense cannot be impartially tiied and convicted,
unless by his own peers. But an ex parte jury is the worst
of all judicial institutions.
" The security afforded by the composition of a jury has
to be of a twofold character. The jurymen have to repre-
sent the community at large in ali its classes and varieties
of composition. The duty ofa jury is as well to vindicate
innocence and punish crime as to protect the man unduly
arraigned before the Court. Justice has to strike the cul-
prit and avenge the blood of the innocent, as well as to de-
lend the accused party against undue prejudices. Why
have we no lepresentatives in the jury? Are our lives,
honor, and liberties to be left iu the hand* of men who ace
laboring under the moat stubborn and narrow prejudice?
Is theie'any protection or justice for us at their bauds? It
is in vain that, m the present instance, the press have so
sti ongly supported the right. The wiong has been com-
mitted, and we ate notified that there is 110 redress for u*.
But for every Union man in the city the last verdict ts a
wai ning. In the event—as impossible as it may appear—that
rebchule should temporal ily be established h're, we can Jo1 c-
sce the fate of'the friends of the Union. 7'Aen, there will he
no more justirr. ?io more protection for them, than for the
hated negro. It will be fateful to puts (e them in the street*,
drown them, kill them; and no jury will he found fa eonvtrl
the muidercrs. tot the Union mon understand the caw,
and look to a complete reform in our Jaws> relating to the
formation of the jury."
