290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
The fate predicted to the real friends of the
Union will be meted to them by the pardoned
rebels, who will if we permit it rule them in the
future as assuredly as it would if their military
power should again possess the city.
Still comes the question, are these more than
two fifths of the people of the insurrectionary dis-
trict fit for citizenship ? Let me reply by a ques-
tion or two. Is the question of fitness put to the
foreigner by the judge who administers the oath,
the taking of which invests him with all the power
of a native-born citizen and all its promises save
one, that of the Presidency? Is the white native
of our soil who, at the close of a reckless youth,
the victim, perhaps, of early poverty and the deg-
radation of parents, is unable to read his native
tongue, when first he comes to the polls to deposit
his ballot interrogated as to his fitness? Is it only
to the wise, the learned, the powerful that we
accord the rightof suffrage? Aretherenotwithin
the knowledge of each oneof us scores of the chil-
dren of this proscribed race who, in the conduct
of their daily affairs, in the acquisition of prop-
erty, m the tenderness and good judgment with
which they rear their families, in the generosity
with which they contribute to their church and
the fidelity with which they obey her high be-
hests, prove themselves infinitely better fitted
for citizenship than the denizens of the swamp,
Mackerelville, and other such reeking localities,
who swelled the majority in the city of New York
at the last election to thirty-seven thousand ? And
shall no culture, no patriotism, no wisdom, no tax-
paying power, secure to the native-born Ameri-
can that which at the end of five years we, with
so much advantage to our country, fling as a boon
to every foreigner who may escape from the pov-
erty and oppression and wrong of the Old World,
to find a happier home and a more promising
future in this? Thequestion is not whethereach
man is fitted for the most judicious performance
of the functions of citizenship, but whether the
State is not safer when she binds nil her children
to her by protecting the rights of all and confid-
ing her affairs to the arbitrament of their common
judgment.
But colored people have shown themselves
abundantly capable of self-government. Under
oppressions exceeding in infinite degree those
suffered by the oppressed people of Ireland—ay,
by the subjects of the Czar of Russia—they have
shown themselves capable of caring for themselves
and others. Buying the poor privilege of pro-
viding for themselves by paying to their owners
hundreds of dollars per annum, thousands of them
have maintained homes and kept their families
together, and reared their children to such an age
that the lordly master, wanting cash for current
purposes, has plucked the graceful daughter from
her home to sell her to a life of debauchery, or the
son, whose developing muscles promised sup-
port in age to his parents, to sell him to a life of
unrequited toil. Snatchod from these horrors a
few thousands, some ten or twelve, have been sent
during the last forty years to the western coast of
Africa. There, under the auspiccs of American
benevolence, they founded a republic, and with
almost American greed for land have extended
the jurisdiction of the little colony till the re-
public of Liberia, as I learn from the National
Almanac, now embraces twenty-three thousand
eight hundred and fifty-nine square miles. And
the people have assimilated from among the hea-
thens among whom they were settled men, women,
and children, until their flag protects and their
jurisdiction regulates four hundred and twenty-
two thousand, most of whom, taught in the schools
of the colony, find their enduring hopes* in the
old King James Bible, which they are able to
read. But for our jealous contempt of the race,
the flag of that African republic, so extensive has
her commerce already become, would be familiar
in ail our leading ports. Our arrogance fias hith-
erto excluded it; and by reason of our arrogance
we pay tribute to our haughty commercial rival
and treacherous friend Great Britain, by purchas-
ing at second-hand from her the tropical products
which the republicans of Liberia would gladly
exchange dircctly with us for those of our more
temperate region.
Fit by culture and experience they may not be;
but let us regard the characteristics of our civil-
ization and see whether the future should, by rea-
son of this fact, be made liable to such moment-
ous consequences as would be involved in error
on this point. The abundant proof is before #s
of their eagerness and ability to acquire informa-
tion. We are equally able to provide them with
the means of culture; and happily-, the good peo-
ple of the North, carrying the frame of the school-
house and the church in the rear of each of our
advancing armies, have shown themselves prompt
to provide them with the means of instruction—
to give to each and every one of them the keys to
all knowledge in the mastery of the English lan-
guage, the art of writing, and the elementary rules
of arithmetic.
Though the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] insists that history is but repeating it-
self, I tell him that ours is a new age, and ask him
to be kind enough to let me know who invented
Hoe's *Mast fast printing-press" in the age in
which it first existed, and by whose steam-engine
it was propelled, and whether he edited the Ex-
press that fell in myriad thousands from its revolv-
ing forms? The limits of what former America
did the magnetic telegraph traverse, making man,
even the humblest, well-nigh omnipresent within
its limits? In what antique age and country,
broad as ours, was distance reduced as it is,by the
locomotive engine in this? Prom among the hid-
den treasures of what buried city, or from the
printed pages of what lost nation, did John Erics-
son steal the subtle thoughts with which he has
blessed the world and which we credit to him as'
inventions ? In what era, will the gentleman tell
me, did a nation convert by the stroke of a pen
and the act of occupancy Us landless and desti-
tute people into independent farmers and pillars
of the State by a homestead law such as that by
which we offer estates to the emigrant and the
freedman? If history be but repeating herself,
will the gentleman point me to the original of the
American Missionary Society, and show me from
experience what influence its labors are to have
upon those whom we have hitherto doomed to the
darkness of ignorance ? Whence did the founders
of the American and other Tract Societies borrow
the idea of their great enterprise? From what
age or what clime comes our common school sys-
tem? And what chapter of human history did
they reenact who founded the Ameiican Sunday
School Union? Will the gentleman draw fiom
his historic stores a sketch of the influence that
institution alone is to have in developing and
training the intellect and regulating the life of the
freedmen and the u poor white trash," now that
rebellion has opened the way to the teacher, the
daily journal, and the printed volume to their fire-
sides? In what ample depository did its ancient
prototype conceal the stereotype plates for more
than a thousand books that u so cheaply pub-
lished, imparting many of them in the simplest
sentences, and others m those of Bunyan, Milton,
llober, Cowpcr—the poets, preachers, philoso-
phers, historians of all Christian countries—the
thought and knowledge lime has garnered ?
No, Mr. Speaker, history is not repeating it-
self. We are unfolding a new page in national
life. The past has gone forever. There is no
abiding present; it flies while we name it; and,
as it flies, it is our duty to provide for the thick-
comuig future; and with such agencies as I have
thus rapidly alluded to, we need notfearthat even
the existing generation of freedmen will not prove
themselves abundantly able to take care of them-
selves and maintain the power and dignity of the
States of which we shall make them citizens.
We are to shape the future. We cannot escape
the duty. And "conciliation, compromise, and
concession53 are not the methods we are to use.
These, alas! have been abundantly tried,and their
result lias been agitation, strife, war, and desola-
tion. No man has the light to compromise jus-
tice; it is immutable; and He whose law it ia
never fails to avenge its compromise or violation.
Ours is not the work of construction, it is that of
reconstruction; not that of creation,but of regen-
eration; and, as I have shown, the principle of the
life we are to shape glares on us, lighting our path-
way, from every page of history written by our
revolutionary fathers. Would we see the issue
of " compromise, concession, and conciliation ?"
Sir, we behold it in the blazing home, the charred
roof-tree, the desolate hearth&ide, the surging tide
of fratricidal war, and the green mounds beneath
which sleep half a million of the bravest and best
loved of our men.
South Carolina, representingslavery, demanded
the insertion of the word " white" in the funda-
mental articles cf our Government. Our fathers
resisted the demand; and, as I have suggested,
had their sons continued to do ro, slavery had.
long since been hemmed in as by a wall of fire;
its true character would have been known among
men, for then would the freedom of discussion
not have been assailed, and men been legally pun-
ished by fine and imprisonment, and lawlessly by
scourging and death, for speaking of its horrors.
And by resisting this demand, as I have shown,
man was accorded his right in the Territories till
1812. Then our fathers yielded,and withouttra-
cing the rapid retrograde career which ensued,
wc find the results of conceding and compromis-
ing principle in the attempt to abandon justice as
established by the fathers, and settle a Territory
under the conflicting theories of Cass and Doug-
las, and of Calhoun f^nd Jefferson Davis—the two
former striving to establish slavery under phrases
full of professed devotion to freedom; the latter
proclaiming boldly, through the lips of Robert
Toombs, that " Congress has no power to limit,
restrain, or in any manner to impair slavery;
but, on the contrary, it is bound to protect and
maintain it in the States where it exists and
wherever its flag floatn and its jurisdiction is para-
mount. " (Boston Address, January, 1856.)  
We can trace the influence of compromise and
concession again in its effects upon the constitu-
tion of States. Behold the colored and white voters
mingling peaceably at the polls in North Carolina,
Maryland, Tennessee,and other slave States, and
run the downward career until, at the dictation of
South Carolina and slavery, you find States which
have becomc free by constitutional amendment
and others which never tolerated slavery yielding
to their demand to insert the word u white" in
their constitutions, and so creating a proscribed
class in their midst; others even denying a dwell-
ing place upon His footstool within their limits to
the children of God whose skins were not colored
hke their own; and finally Arkansas wilting a,
chapter of history which redeems Draco's name
from the bad preeminence it had so long borne.
Triumphant wrong is ever aggressive, has ever
been, will ever be. Look back also upon our
churches, practically ignoring for half a century
the existence of nearly four million people who
were held in contempt of every one of the beati-
tudes, and compelled to live in violation of every
clause of the decalogue, and whose existence
made the utterance of the Lord's prayer seem,to
foreigners who comprehended the wrongs of sla-
very, like a hideous mockery as it dropped from
American lips.
And these results, be it remembered, did but
express the influence which aristocratic and dic-
tatorial South Carolina, whose spirit now pos-
sessed the entire South, had, through compromise,
concession, and conciliation, produced upon the
mind and heart and conscience of the American
people. Let me illustrate this by one striking
example. While yet Missouri was a Territory
—seven years, however, after the South had been
made imperious by her triumph m inserting the
word '* white" in the territorial law for Missouri,
and while she was busy fashioning that great
State noith of the Ohio line into the future home
for slavery—the abolition of the institution was
being agitated in Maryland as well as in Tennes-
see. Notwithstanding the rccent triumphs of sla-
very it was still possible for a man to oppose the
spread of the institution, point out its atrocities,
and favor its abolition, and yet look forpiefer-
ment and honor at the hands of his fellow-citi-
zens; and when Jacob Gmber, a Methodist cler-
gyman, was indicted by the Frederick county
court, of Maryland, on the charge of "attempt-
ing to excite insubordination and insurrection
among slaves," Roger B. Taney stepped forth to
defend him, and m the course of his argument
used the following language:
" Mr. Gttiber did quote the lansuage of onr great act of
national independencp, and masted on the principles con-
tained in that venerated m-uiument. 1-Ie did rebuke those
masters who, in the exercise of power, aio deaf to ihe
call? of humanity; and Iif warned them of the uviN they
might bring themselves. lie did {.peak with ahhoncnce of
those reptiles who live by trading in human Uesh, a:ul en -
rich themselves by tearing the husband fiom the wife, the
infant ftom the bosom of the mother; and this I am in-
structed was the head and front of ln< offending. Shah I
content myself with saying he had a n^ht to say this? that
theieis no law to punish him ? So far is he from tmlngthe
