THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY !?. & J. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C._]
New Sejues No. 67.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1865.
be now taken between the report made by the
Finance Committee and the bill as amended on
motion of the Senator from Massachusetts.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is thequestion.
Mr. COLLAMER. I may be very dull about
it, but I do not understand thequestion. It is stated
to be on the amendment as amended. I do not un-
derstand thattheamendment has been amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state what he understands to be the precise posi-
tion of the question. The Committee on Finance
proposed to strike out certain items of appropria-
tion in the bill as it stood when it came from the
House of* Representatives, and to insert other
words. The words proposed to be stricken out
were subject to amendment before the question
was taken on striking them out, and they have
been amended by reducing the various appropria-
tions; and now the question returns on striking
out the bill as amended, and inserting what the
committee propose. *
Mr. SHERMAN. Those in favor of the
amendment of the Finance Committee will vote
•* vea,'' and those who are in favor of the amend*
mentof the Senatorfrom Massachusetts will vote
" nay."
Mr. FARWELL. I wish to say a single word
in regard to this bill. I appreciate the action of
the Committee on Finance in proposing to rcduce
the appropriations. I believe it is now a time
when the utmost care should be exercised in the
appropriation of public money. I believe that
every man who is capable of doing any labor
should, so far as possibly can be done consistent
with the interest of the country, be employed in
those industries which will yield revenue, instead
of in building works for future defense. I shall
vote for the amendment offered by the Senator
from Massachusetts in preference to the recom-
mendation of the Finance Committee, for the
reason that the difference in the appropriation is
very small. If 1 have made the calculation aright
the difference between the appropriations is but
about four hundred thousand dollars, as between
the proposition submitted by the Senator from
Massachusetts ami that proposed by the Finance
Committee. The sum proposed to be appropriated
here in my judgment is sufficient. 1 think it is
as much as can be economically and properly ex-
pended upon these fortifications during the pres-
ent fiscal year; but I prefer that Congress itself
should make the specifications of where the ap-
propriations shall be used, and where the expend-
itures shall be made, rather than to leave it in the
hands of the Executive, who has so much busi-
ness upon his hands that he will have lutleoppor-
tunity to examine in regard to these matters. For
this reason 1 shall vote for the amendment of the
Senator fiom Massachusetts, rather than the rec-
ommendation of the committee.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Meseis. Brown, Buckalevv, Carlile, Chandler,
Cowan, Dixon, Ilendei^on, Hendricks, Howe, Lane of In-
diana, Pmnerov, Powell, Ramsey, Sherman, V;tn Winkle,
Wade, and Willey—17.
NAYS— Messrs. Anthony, Clark, Collamer, Conness,
Farwell, Foster, Hale, Ilarrirf, Johnson, McDougall, Mor-
gan, Morull, Nye, Riddle, Sprague, Stewart, Sumner, Ten
ttyek, Trumbull, Wilson, and Wright—21.
ABSENT—Messis. Davis, Doolitiic, Foot,Grime*, Hard-
ing, Harlan, Howard, Lane of Kansas, Neoniih, Richard-
son, Saulsbiny, and Wilkinson—12.
So the amendment made as in Committee of
the Whole was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There was also an
amendment made as in Committee of the Whole
to strike out in line three the words, " the follow-
ing sums be and they are," and to insert " there
is," and to strike out in line five and six the
■words "for the construction, preservation, and
repairs of certain fortifications, and other works
of defense."
The amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Another amend-
ment was made as m Committee of the Whole,
strikmgout in line eighty-three the words u con-
tingencies of fortifications, including."
The amendment was rejected.
67
The VICE PRESIDENT. There was one
other amendment agreed to as in--Committee of
the Whole, to strike out the item:
For repairing, equipping,' and enlarging Fort Porter, at
Buffalo, $100,000.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HARRIS. In accordance with the prin-
ciple that has been adopted on the motion of the
Senator from Massachusetts, I move to amend
the item just acted on by reducing the sum for Fort
Porter to $50,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill
was read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed w.thout amendment the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 112) for the relief of
James B. Royce; and had passed with amend-
ments, in which it requested the concurrence of
the Senate, the bill (S. No. 347) for the relief of
Rebecca S. Harrison; and the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 89) directing inquiry into the condi-
tion of the Indian tribes and their treatment by
the civil and military authorities.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to some and disagreed to othoramend-
ments of the Senate to the bill of the House (H.
R. No. 676) making appropriations for the naval
service for the year ending June 30, 1866, and
had agreed to other amendments of the Senate
with amendments; asked a conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon: and
had appointed Mr. J. S. Morrii.l of Vermont,
Mr. F. A. Pike of Maine, and Mr. S. S. Cox of
Ohio, managers at the same on its part.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the following bills and joint resolu-
tion, in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 746) to amend the act en-
titled " An act to encourage immigration," ap-
proved July 4,1864, and the actentitled " An act
to regulate the carriage of passengers in steam-
ships and other vessels," approved March 3,
1S55, and for other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 788) for the relief of Wil-
liam Nicholls;
A bill (H. R. No. 790) for the relief of Hen-
rietta 0. Gardner; and *
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 168) to refer the
claim of Armisted T. M. Filler to the Court of
Claims.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speak-
er of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills and joint resolution, and they were there-
upon signed by the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 314) for the relief of Harriet
and Emily W. Morris, unmarried sisters of the
late Commodore Henry W. Morris;
A bill (H. 11. No. 389) for the relief of Mary
Shircliff;
A bill (H.R. No. 543) to increase the efficiency
of the medical corps of the Army;
A bill (S. No. 454) supplemental to an act en-
titled "An act to annex a part of the State of
New Jersey to the collection district of New York,
and to appoint an assistant collector, to reside at
Jersey City; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 171) in relation
to the matter of Sergeant Daniel Collett, junior,
deceased.
REBECCA S. HARRISON.
Mr. FOSTER. I move that the Senate concur
in the amendment of the House of Representa-
tives to the bill (S. No. 347) for the relief of Re-
becca S. Harrison. The amendment diminishes
the amount of pension to this widow a small
sum, and I think it better to concur in the amend-
ment than to lose the bill.
The amendment was concurred in.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills and joint resolution from
the House of Representatives were severally read
twice by their title, and referred as indicated:
A bill (H. R. No. 788) for the relief of William
Nicholas—to the Committee on Public Lands^
A bill (H. R. No. 790) for the relief of Henri-
etta 0. Gardner—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (H. R. No. 746) to amend the act enti-
tled "An act to encourage immigration.,'' ap-
proved July 4, 1864, and the act entitled **An
act to regulate the carriage of passengers in
steamships and other vessels," approved March
3,1855, and for other purposes—to the Commit-
tee on Agriculture.
A joint rqgolution (H. R. No. 168) to refer the
claim of Armisted T. M. Filler to the Court of
Claims—to the Committee on Claims.
COURTS IN NEVADA.
Mr. JOHNSON, from the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 640) providing for
a district and a circuit court of the United States
for the districtof Nevada, aodlftf other purposes,
submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disngieeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (II. R. No. 640) providing
tor a district and a cucuit court ol the United States for
the di^tuct ol Nevada, and for otUer purposes, have m<it,
and after full and free conference they have agreed to
recommend and do recommend to their respective Houses
as follows:
That the House of Representatives do recede from- its
disagreement to the amendment, of the Senate striking out
seetions two and nine ol the llou^e lull.
That the Senate do recede fiom iu amendment proposed
in section five ot the bill as amended, and in lieu thereof
adopt sections six, s>even, and eight of the House bill.
That the liouxe do recede hoin its dMjrreemem to the
amendment of the Senate m section six of the lull a- amend-
ed, witli an amendment, as follows ; Add at the end of the
section the words ''Provided, That >aid appeals sliall be
pio^ecuted, arid said writ-' <>t error s ued out at any time be-
fore the 1st day of July, 1886."
That the Senate concur in the above amendment.
That the House do rece.de fiom its disagreement to the
amendment of tlie Senate in section seven of the as
amended with an amendment, as follows: After the words
" possessory action" m the second line insert the words
"between individuals-"
That the Senate do concur in the above amendment.
ItEVEItDY JOHNSON,
WILLFAM M. ST IS WART,
Managers on Ike part of the Senate,
WILLIAM FI1GBY,
H. G. WORTH INGTON,
FRANCIS KERNAN,
Manage* s on the part oj the House.
The report was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
of the day is 
Mr. FOSTER. I wish to say in regard, to the
report of the committee of conference just made,
that 1 disagreed to it. I do not propose taking
up the tunc of the Senate. I think it is wrong,
and ought not to pass in the form in which i£
now is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That report has
been agreed to, and passed from the Senate. The
special order is now before the body.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is the special or-
der?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 117) recognizing the government
of the State of Louisiana, and upon that question
the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Powell] is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator yuld me
the iloor for a f *w minutes?
Mr. POWELL. It is now so near the hour
for a recess that 1 prefer not addressing the Sen-
ate at this time. I give way.
CANAL SURVEYS.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to take up now the
joint resolution providing for surveys of theship-
canals, which was up lust night, to which the
Senator from Illinois then made objection, and f
allowed it to go over until to-day. I do not think
there will now be any objection to the
of that joint resolution.
