1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
291
object of punishment m any form of proceedings, that we
are prepared to maintain the same principles, and to use, if
necevtary, the same language here in the temple of justice,
«n<l in the presence of those who are the ministers of the
law. A hard necessity, indeed, compel* us to endure tiie
evils of slaveiy for a time It was imposed upon us by
another nation while we were yet in a state of colonial
vassalage. It cannot be easily or suddenly removed. Yet
while it continue^, it is a blot on our national chat acter, and
every real lover of freedom confidently hopes that it will
be effectually, though it must be gradually, wiped away,
and earnestly looks for the means by which this necessary
objcct may be attained. And until it shall be accom-
plished, until the time shall come when we can point
without a blush to the language held in tiie Declaration of
Independence, every ft lend of humanity will seek to lighten
the galling chain of slavery, and better to the utmost of
his power the wretched condition of the slave. Such was
Mr. Gruber's object in that part of his sermon of which I
nni now speaking. Those who have complained of him
and repioached him will not find it easy to answer him,
unless complaints, reproaches, and peisecution shall be
considered an answer."
But under the influence of the doctrine of " con-
ciliation, concession, and compromise," the au-
thor of this language soon learned that for an
ambitious man these brave and good words were
folly and madness. Pure in his personal life,
beautiful in the relations that characterized his
family and his social circle, his history will never
be forgotten; his name will ever head the list of
" ermined knaves." Thirty-eight years after the
Gruber case, in the chief temple of justice of our'
country,in the presence of her ministeis,of whom
he was himself the chief, when speaking of the
free colored men of New England and those of
their race throughout the country, he declared,
in violation of all truth,that—
"The legislation and histoiies of the times, and the lan-
guage usedin the Declaration of Independence, show that
neither the class of persons who hud been imported as
slaves nor their descendants, whrther they had become
free or not, weie then acknowledged as a p.ut of the peo-
ple, nor intended to be included in the geneial words used
in that memoiable instrument.
" It is difficult at tin> day to rcTilize the state of public
opinion in lelatiou to that unfortunate race which pre-
vailed m tiie civilized and enlightened poi lions of the world
at the tune of the Declaration of Independence, and when
the Constitution of the United States was framed and
adopted. But the public hisioiy of every European nation
di-|ilajs it m a manner loo plain to be mistaken.
"They had lor more than a eentuiy befoie been regarded
as being* of an infeuor order, and altogether unfit to asso-
ciate with the white race, either in social or political re-
lation* ; and so tar infciior, that they had no rights which the
white man was bound to v espect."
Mr. Speaker, shall we in providing for the re-
construction of the Union, accept and proclaim as
our faith the hideous dogma that four millions of
our people have "no rights which the white man
is bound to respect," or,in thevery hourin winch
our arms are breaking the power of the rebellion,
make any concession to the spirit that evoked it ?
South Carolina may shake her goiy locks and
bloody hands at us in impotent rage; but let us
not quail before her now as we have done for (he
last half century. Through the lips of noithern
" Sons of Liberty" and members of the order of
"American Knights," she demands that, as a
graceful concession, we shall comply to-day With
the proposition our forefathers rejected on the 25th
of June, 1778, and insert the word " white" in the
fundamental law of the land; on the other hand,
the shades of our patriot fathers, humanity, the
spirit of the age, the welfare of the nation, the
hopes of the countless millions who will throng
our country through the long ages, implore us to
listen to the voice of justice and obey the injunc-
tions of the Master, who has assured us that " in-
asmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least
of these my brethren, ye have done it unto me."
Let not, I pray you, theSouth achieve her grand-
est triumph in the hour of her humiliation. Let
not the spirit of a prostrate foe practice on our
pride and prejudice, and exult throua.li all time
overa lasting victory. Peace is the offspring and
handmaid of Justice, and let us in reconstructing
the Union erect a temple in which she may abide
for ever.
Mr. STILES. Mr. Speaker, I did not desire
to interrupt my colleague [Mr. Kellev] m the
delivery of his carefully prepared speech It
would have marred its beauty and power. But
if I understand him correctly he stated that prior
to the adoption of the constitution of 1838, ne-
groes enjoyed the rightof suffrage in the State of
Pennsylvania. My question is, whether the con-
stitution or laws of that State gave them such a
right; and further, whether they ever did exercise
such a right; whether he does not know that by
the decision of the highest courts of that State they
were not allowed to vote there.
Mr. KELLEY. They were allowed by the
constitution to vote, and they did vote; and it
required a constitutional amendment—the inser-
tion of the word <(white"in the clause regulating
sufFrage—to deprive them of that right.
Mr. STILES. I desire to ask my colleague
further, when and in what portion of the State of
Pennsylvania they ever exercised that right.
Mr. KELLEY. Why, I have seen them ex-
orcise it frequently at the polls in Philadelphia,
and that, too, whether the election officers be-
longed to one party or the other.
Mr. STILES. That must have been confined
to my colleague's own precinct. It was never
known in the history of that State.
Mr. KELLEY. I beg leave to saythatitwas
done throughout the State, and was in some in-
stances made the subject of litigation.
Mr. STILES. It was never done except in one
county—the county of Bucks—so far as I know
and then only in one instance.
I desire further to ask my colleague in thiscon-
nection, because his speech has tended toward
universal equality, whether he is in favor of giv-
ing negroes universally the right of suffrage now.
Mr. KELLEY. I am in favor of giving that
right, in the words of Jefferson, to "every man
who fights or pays." 1 stand by the doctrine of
Thomas Jefferson, the father of the Democratic
party, in which I was trained.
Mr. STILES. In the event of the passage of
the amendment to the Constitution proposed, is
my colleague in favor of equality between the
races' And will he regard negroes as equal to
the white man ?
Mr. KELLEY. I could not possibly regulate
the equality of men. I cannot make my colleague
so moral or intelligent as a man of darker com-
plexion who is more moral and more intelligent;
nor could I degrade my colleague to the level, in
morals and intelligence, of the colored man who
is less moral or less intelligent than he. My col-
league does not, according to his theory, vote by
reason of his intelligence, but simply by reason
of his color. I might he willing to exclude from
the privilege of voting an immoral ora voluntarily
ignorant man; but I want no senseless rule that
allows a fool or a scoundrel to vote if he be white,
and excludes a wise and an honest man if he be
black.
Mr. STILES. Mr. Speaker, the remarkable
speech just delivered appeals to passion and not
to judgment, and is in favor of a principle that in
years hence will be regarded us the height of the
fanaticism of these days. The right of negroes
to become voters, jurors, and in all respects equal
with the white man, is the favorite theory of the
times and of the party in power. The day will
come when the men who avow such principles
will be condemned by the popular voice every-
where.
Mr. ELIOT obtained the floor, but yielded for
the transaction of the following business:
AMENDMENTS OF CONSCRIPTION LAW.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the amend-
ments proposed by the Committee on Military
Affairs to the act for the enrollment of the national
forces, be printed for the information of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled bills of the following titles, when
the Speaker signed the same:
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 56) providing for
the termination of the reciprocity treaty of 5th of
June, 1854, between the United States and Great
Britain; and
An act (H. R. No. 163) for the relief of Charles
Anderson, assignee of John James, of Texas.
ILLINOIS CENTRAL RAILROAD.
Mr. HOLMAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
ResoU-edy That the Secretary of War be directed tocom-
mumcate to this House whether or not he has made any
payments to the Illinois Central railroad since the passage
of the House resolution of the last session of Congress  and
if so, how much, and by what authority.
E. WOODWARD AND G. CHOJRPBNNY.
Mr. WINDOM. I ask unanimous consent
that the Committee of the Whole on the Private
Calendar be discharged from the further consider-
ation of joint resolution H. R, No. 112, for the
relief of Elizabeth Woodward and George Chor-
penny, and that the joint resolution be recom-
mitted to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object*
And then, on motion of Mr. COX, the House
(at ten minutes past five o'clock) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 17,1865.
Prayer by Rev. B. H. Nadal,D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CAPTURE OF FORT FISHER.
The VICE PRESIDENT.. A dispatch has
been received by the Secretary of the Navy, which
will be read to the Senate.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Fort Monroe, January 17,1865.
Hon. Gideon Welles, Secretary of the Navy:
The Atlantic is just in from Wilmington. Fort Fisher
and works on Federal Point are in our possession. The as-
sault was made by the army and sailors on Sunday after-
noon, and by eleven p. in. the works were ours. Losses
heavy. Lieutenants S. W. Preston and B.H.Porter of the
Navy are killed. Our captuies are seventy-two puns and
about twenty-five hundred prisoners. Generals Whiting
and Lamb (rebels) arc prisoners and wounded. The Van-
derbilt is on her way North with dispatches. Twofifteen-
incli guns were buist on the monitor".
E. T. NICHOLS, Commander.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. FOOT presented the petition of Henry
Stanley, praying for an extension of letters pat-
ent for an improvement in coal stoves or burners;
which was referred to the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office.
Mr. HOWE presented a petition of citizens of
Wisconsin, praying for an amendment to the en-
rollment law, so that all able-bodied men under
the age of fifty years may be placed on the rolls
subject to draft for one year; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
He also presented a petition of the chiefs and
warriors oftheStockbridge tribe of Indians, pray-
ing that a new treaty may be authorized; which
was referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. COWAN presented the memorial of the
Board of Trade of Philadelphia,praying that pro-
vision bemade for the levying of such duties upon
all vessels engaged in foreign commerce from
our ports a<3 shall justly distribute the burden of
maintaining our light-houses,buoys, and beacons
among the parties enjoying their benefits, and
shall relieve the public Treasury from their ex-
pense; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. HARRIS presented the petition of the
loc'al board of steamboat inspectors of Oswego,
New York, praying for an increase of compensa-
tion; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, presented the petition
of the Western Associated Press praying for a
removal of the duty on foreign printing paper;
which was referred tothe Committee on Finance.
Mr. FARWELL presented a letter of Captain
John A. Webster, jr., commanding the United
States steam-cutter Mahoning, in relation to the
substitution of whistles for fog bells; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented the petition of officers of the
twentieth Maine volunteers, praying for an in-
crease of the compensation of military officers;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. DAVIS presented the petition of William
Hutchinson, praying for compensation for ser-
vice rendered as a spy in the war of 1812; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. MORGAN presented the petition ofNott
& Co., praying to be indemnified for the loss of
four boxes of specie shipped by them at Hong
Kong in the schooner Eteva, and seized and plun-
dered by pirates on the 18th of October, 1857, out
of the unappropriated balanceof the fund obtained
from the Chinese Government under the treaty
negotiatedatShanghai, November 8,1858; which
was referred to the Committee oh Claims.
