1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
293
the regiment* as have been raised in the State of Maryland
in the present year, winch were composed, in whole or in
part, of uiose who were at the time of their enlistment, or
draft, slaves.
DISTRICT JAIL.
Mr. MORRILL submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Tnteriorbp requested
to communicate to the Senate the expense of all kinds for
maintaining the jail in the District of Columbia for tho
years J 863 and 1864, with the number of prisoners sup-
ported.
COMMITTEE ON GOVERNMENT CORRUPTIONS.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask leave to present the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the special rule of the Senate No 34 he
amended by adding theicto these words: A committee for
the investigation of the eoriuptions of the Government m
all its departments and offices, to consist of five members.
I propose to let this resolution lie on the table
for the present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It lies over under
the rule, being equivalent to notice on this day.
JACOB WEB15R.
Mr. CLARK. I move that the Senate post-
pone all prior orders and proceed to the consid-
eration of House bill No. 203, for the relief of
Jacob Weber.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whale, proceeded to consider
the bill. It directs that there be paid to private
Jacob Weber, of the fourth regiment of Ohio vol-
unteer infantry, the sum of §913 33, to reimburse
him for money advanced by him to pay Scott
Allen, A. Hyatt, Henry Olden, A. W. Cook,
Lewis Shiridollar, and James Garland, who were
employed as teamsters for that regiment between
the 1st of August, 18G1, and the 1st of July,
1862, and received the price of then-employment
from him, who advanced it, on the quartermas-
ter^ certificates, to those employes, with the as-
surance of the quartermaster and the commander
of the regiment that the amount so advanced
would very soon thereafter be repaid and refunded
to him by the Government, through the quarter-
master.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
thiid time, and passed.
TRANSMISSION OF PERIODICALS BY MAIL.
Mr. COLLAMER. There are a couple of bills
on the Calendar m relation to the Post Office De-
partment, to which, ift this stage of the session,!
ieel it my duty to call the attention of the .Senate.
I move, if it be necessary, to dispense with ail
prior orders for the purpose of taking up House
bill No. 623.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 623) to amend an act
entitled "An act to provide for carrying the mails
from the United States to foreign ports, and for
other purposes," approved March 25, 3864. It
proposes to amend the fourth section of an act
entitled "An act to provide for carrying the mails
from the United States to foieign ports, and for
other purposes," approved March 25, 1864, so as
to insert in the proviso in that section, after the
word <{ newspapers," the words " peiiodieals,
magazines, and exchanges;" so that it will read:
Provided, That this section shall not be held to extend to
the transmission by mail of newspapers, periodicals, mag-
azines, and exchange;- from a known office ot publication
to bona fide subscriber.?, not exceeding one copy to each
subscriber from any one oflicc.
The bill was reported to the Senate \wtithout
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed. *
POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT CLERKSHIPS.
Mr. COLLAMER,. [ now move to take up
Senate bill No. 369.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 389) relating to clerkships
in the Post Office Department. The bill proposes
to amend the third section of an act of Congress
making appropriations for the civil and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1854, approved March 3, 1853, so as to
authorize the appointment of a chief clerk in the
offices of each of the three Assistant Postmasters
General, at a salary of $2,000 per annum each.
The second section proposes to authorize the
Postmaster General, in lieu of the temporary
clerks now employed in the Post Officc Depart-
ment and paid out of the appropriation for post-
age stamps and stamped envelopes and the pro-
ceeds of sales of waste paper, to appoint two
clerks of class three, two clerks of class two, and
five clerks of class one.
The third section appropriates the sum of
$18,000 to pay the clerks provided for in the two
preceding sections.
The fourth section appropriates the sum of
$6,000 for the payment of such temporary clerks
as the Postmaster General may, from time to time,
deem nccessary.
The fifth section provides thatunclaimed money
in dead letters for which no owners can be found,
and also all money derived from sales of waste
paper or other public property in post offices or
the Post Office Department, shall be deposited in
the Treasury of the United States, under the direc-
tion of the Postmaster General, for the service of
the Post Office Department; and any postmaster
or clerk in a post office, or any other clerk, offi-
cer, or agent of the Post Office Department, hav-
ing temporary custody o£such money, and failing
to deposit it as herein provided, is to be deemed
to be guilty of felony,and be subject to a fine not
exceeding double the sum so retained by such
clerk or other agents, or imprisonmentnotexceed-
ing three years, or both, at the discretion of the
court.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPiif.rson, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had concurred in
the amendment of the Senate to the joint resolu-
tion of the House (EI. R. No. 96) providing for
the termination of the reciprocity treaty of the
5th of June, 1854, between the United States and
Great Biitain.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bill and joint resolution; which there-
upon received the signature of the Vice Pres-
ident;
A bill (II. R. No. 163) for the relief of Charles
Anderson, assignee of John James, of Texas; and
A joint resolution (11. R. No. 96) providing
for the termination of the reciprocity treaty of
the 5th of June, 1854, between the United States
and Great Britain.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had agreed to some and dis-
agreed to other amendments of the Senate to the
bill (II. 11. No. 620) to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the fiscal year
ending 30th of June, 1865, asked a conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses, and had
appointed Mr. Thaddetts Ste\ens, of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. George E. Pendleton, of Ohio, and
Mr. Edwin II. Webstlr, of Maryland, mana-
gers at the same on its part.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 620) to supply de-
ficiencies in the appropriations for the service of
the fiscal year ending 30th of June, 1865; and
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amendment?
to the said bill disagreed to by the Iioiw; of Representa-
tives, and agree to the conference asked by the House of
Repiesentativcs on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon.
Ordered, That the conferec« on the part of the Senate be
appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENTappointed Mr. Sher-
man, Mr. Conness, and Mr. Buckaaew.
ISAAC E. DILLER.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the Senate to take up
House bill No. 94, for the relief of Isaac R. Diller.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill, which directs the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to Isaac R. Diller, lste consul at Bre-
men, the sum of $3,655,55, in full for the expenses
incurred by him for extra clerk hire in his office,
and for moneys advanced to destitute American j
citizens duting the interval between the, 1st of
August, 1857, and the 20th of September, 1861.
The Committee on Claims reported the bill with
an amendment to strike out in lines six and seven
the words " six hundred and fifty-five dollars and'
fifty-five cents;" so that it will read:
That the Secretary of the Treasury he, and he is hereby,
directed, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to pay to Isaac K. Diller, late consul at Bre-
men, the sum of ^3,000, &c. *
Mr. HALE. Is there a report in that case?
If there is i should like to hear it.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask for the reading of the
report of the Committee on Foreign Relations
upon it.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senate rejected this bill
once I think.
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There does not
seem to be any report accompanying the bill.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 ask for the reading of the re-
port of the Committee on Foreign Relations on
the same claim. It is among the papers.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There does not
seem to be any report here.
Mr. DAVIS. I sent it up with the papers the
other day. 1 will ask that the bill be informally
laid aside until the report can be found.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That course will
be pursued if there be no objection.
INVENTORY OF ARTICLES IN ARSENALS.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up Senate
joint resolution No. 90.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution (S. R. No. 90) to au-
thorize anil direct an inventory of articles in the
arsenals of the United States, which had been re-
ported from the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia with an amendment to strike out
all of the original resolution after the enacting
clause, in the following words:
That the Secretary of War be, and is hereby, authorized
and directed to cause, a? soon as may be after the passage
of this resolution, an mventoiy to be made ot all the atti-
eles pertaining to the quaitcrmastoidepartment now in
each and all of the arsenals of the United States.
And insert in lieu thereof:
That the Secretary of War he, and is hereby, directed 10
cause a strict inspection to be made of thequarfermastei's
department as soon as practicable alter the passage of this
lesolution, and a companson to be made between the re-
poits of the ofiu'Cis in chaigeof the quaitermasters' depots
at New Yotk, Philadelphia, Cincinnati, St. Louie, and
Louisville, and the articles actually ou hand.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I think it would be well to
amend the tesolution by making it incumbent on
the Secretary of the Navy to cause a like inven-
toiy to be taken of all the property in the pos-
session of the several naval storekeepers ; and 1
will mention in this connection that I was in-
formed by a gentleman who had been employed
by the Navy Department to investigate some of
these transactions that it has not been the custom
when a new naval storekeeper was appointed
for him to give any receipt to the one who went
out or to take any account at all. I move to
amend the resolution by adding a section that the
Secretary of the Navy be in like manner directed
to take an inventory of all the property in the
possession of the several naval storekeepers.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
reduce his amendment to writing.
Mr. WILSON. 1 do not know that there ia
any objection to that amendment, though I would
prefer to have it by itself. This is a simple prop-
osition to take an account of stock in the quar-
termaster's department at the various depots at
New York, Philadelphia, Cincinnati, St. Louis,
and Louisville. It certainly can do no harm,and
we cannot be too careful what we are about.
Mr. HALE. I have reduced the amendment
to writing, and offer it in this form:
JInd be it further resolved, That the Sccretarv of the
Navy, 111 like manner, he diiectcd to take an inventory of
all the property of the United States in possession of the
seveial naval j-toiekeeperd of the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
as amended, and the amendments were concurred
in.
The joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed. Its title wasatnended so as to read, "A
