1060
The congressional globe.
February 24,
House of Representatives on the disagreeing
YOtes of the two Houses.
The VICE PRESIDENT was authorized to
appoint the committee of conference on the part
of the Senate, and Messrs. Sherman, Grimes,
and Hendricks, were appointed.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the biil(H. R.No.
744) to amend an act entitled " An act to provide
internal revenue to support the Government, to
pay interest on the public debt, and for other pur-
poses," approved June 30, 1864, reported itwith
amendments; and on his motion the bill was
made the special order for Monday next at one
o'clock.
ARMY PAY DEPARTMENT.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I now ask for the continu-
ation of Senate bill No. 419.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading
of that bill will be proceeded with, unless there be
objection. The Chair hears none.
The Secretary resumed the reading of the bill
(S, No. 419) for the better organization of the
pay department of the United States Army. It
provides that the Paymaster General of the Uni-
ted States Army shall hereafter have the rank,
pay, and emoluments of a brigadier general.
It further provides that there shall be added to
the pay department of the United States Army,
as now organized, two assistant paymaster gen-
erals, who shall be ex officio inspector generals
of the department, with the rank, pay, and emol-
uments of colonels of infantry. In addition to
the two deputy paymaster generals now author-
ized, there are to be added ten others, subject to
the same conditions and provisions as by exist-
ing laws provided for deputy paymaster generals.
The appointments to the offices herein created
are to be made by selection from the officers of
the pay department of the United States Army,
including the additional paymasters and the chief
clerk,and who have had at least two years' ser-
vice and experience in the duties of the pay de-
pal tment. After such appointments have been
once filled, all vacancies occuning are to be sup-
plied as now by law prescribed for the other staff
departments of the Army.
The assistant and deputy paymaster generals
are to give bond in the manner now required of
deputy paymaster generals, and to be subject to
any duty m the puy department to which they
may be assigned by the Secretary of War.
Whenever a pay district is established, for the
charge, superintendence, and command of which
no assistant or deputy paymastergeneral is avail-
able as chief, the Secretary of War may detail
any paymaster or additional paymaster of the
Army to do the duties of such chief; and durino-
the continuance of such detail and duties, and no
longer, the officer so detailed is to have the rank,
pay,and emolumentsof a deputy paymastergen-
eral; hut the total number of such acting deputies
is not at any one time to exceed ten.
The Secretary of War is to have authority to
petal! officers of the pay department for duty as
inspectors of such department, not exceeding four
at any one time, who, during the continuance of
such detail and duties, are to have the rank, pay,
and emoluments of deputy paymaster generals;
and they, together with the inspector generals
herein provided for, are to have the powers and
authority within their own department now by
law and regulations conferred upon inspectorgen-
erals of the Army.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move to amend the bill by
inserting in section three, line six, after the word
" department, " the following:
al,fHh7!e'\T]-'at at >',ast,Uvo tl'irdbOf such appointments
shall bt made fiom the additional or volunteer paymaster*;
So that the section will read:
beTn?rfPthheu!''L?<)U't""i!its t0 th0l>fflc<!s herein created stall
- \eTle?«on fr°"> the officers of the pay depart-
m .nt of the United States Army, including the additional
PeaLT^o vi:ara'tbe °'Uef Clerk' !1"d w!l° s":1" hav0 lmi at
tiafdeZim™. and experience m tlM-duties ol the
pay department. Provide! Thatat leasttwo thirds of «nch
t/r,nv::n"terS mlI,n f'T ,h« i
oncAlted allvioa ^ ,''T be<m '
byta-r present lor £VZ i
The amendment was agreed to. [
Mr. SPRAGUE. 1 move further to amend the I
bill by adding the following as an additional sec-
tion:
Sec. 7. Jln&bcitfurther enacted, That the provisions of
this act shall continue and be in force during the contin-
uance of the present rebellion,and one year thereafter, and
no longer: Provided, however, That when this act shall
expire all officers who have been promoted from the pay
staff of the Army under this act shall retain their respective
rank m the Army, with such promotion as they would have
been entitled to.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Mr. President, this bill has
had the consideration of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs. They have reported it to the Senate
unanimously. The amendment has the concur-
rence of the chairman and every member of that
committee. The bill has received the sanction of
the War Department. The Secretary of Warja
anxious that it shall pass. There is no objection
to it anywhere. The increase of pay is very slight
and very small. All that is desired for this de-
partment is a superior organization. It has be-
come necessary from its increased duties, owing
to the increased number of officers in the depart-
ment and the immense amount of Government
disbursements. All that js called for by this de-
partment, and granted by this bill, is to cease im-
mediately after this war, or one year thereafter,
simply giving them sufficient time to enable the ,
accounts to be adjusted and to be made up prop-*
erly. There cannot be the slightest objection ton.
The quartermaster's department, the commissary
department, the medical department, all the de-
partments of the Army7"have been reorganized,
except the paymaster's department. This bill has
received the sanction of the War Department, and
of the paymaster'sdepartment; and they ask it in
order to enable them to carry on the department
successfully. As 1 have said, the chairman of the
committee favored it; the whole Military Com-
mittee favored it; the War Department asks for
it. There can be no objection to it. Theincrease
of the number of officers and the increase of pay
is all to end with the war. 1 really hope that there
will be no objection from my friend the Senator
from Iowa.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
and was read the third time.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
Mr. IRUMBULL. If the yeas and nays are
to be called, I am apprehensive it may interfere
with the transaction of business; and 1 trust that
they will either not be called, or elbe the bill will
now be laid aside and the Senate take up the
regular order of business.
Mr. SPRAGrUE. Letush^ve adivision.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I apprehend there is not
a quorum.
Mr. GRIMES. I am not content with a di-
vision. I want to record my name on a yea and
nay vote against these continual attempts to build
up grand, stupendous military establishments.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suggest to the Senator
from Rhode Island that we take the yeas and nays
upon the bill at some future time.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Let us pass the bill now.
Mi*. TRUMBULL. You have not a quorum
and cannot pass it, and the only effect will be
merely to stop the business of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This bill was
taken up by unanimous consent, and cannot be
proceeded with if there be objections.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I call for the order of the
day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The order of
the day is called for, and upon that question the
benator from Kentucky [Mr. Poweh] is enti-
tied to the floor,
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of the hill until to-morrow
Ihe PRESIDING OFFICER. That cannot
be done while the Senator from Kentucky is en-
titled to the floor. It was by unanimous consent
that this paymaster's bill was called up.
Mr. fc>PRAGUE. My motion is to postpone
the consideration of this bill for the paymaster's
department, and 1 believe I have the floor on that
question. I move that it be postponed until to-
morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let it be laid aside in-
formally until there is a quorum, and then we can
take the yeas and nays upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senuor
from Rhode Island moves that the further con-
sideration of the bill in relation to the paymas-
ter's department be postponed until to«*norrow.
The motion was agreed to.
IflGIIT OF WAY TO PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I ask the consent of
the Senate to take up the joint resolution which
I reported a short time ago from the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not. I hope the
Senator from Kentucky will go on with his re-
marks on the special order.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. This resolution will
provoke no discussion at all, and it is a matter of
importance, which should go to the other House
as soon as possible.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We are having thin diffi-
culty all the time, and if we are cor.tent to °ive
way to these bills we shall never finioh tke busi-
ness of the session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. la there any
objection to the present consideration of the res-
olution indicated by the Senator from Kansas >
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir; I object. '
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I would like to say to
the Senator from Illinois that it is merely a res-
olution to allow the Pacific railroad to procure
the right of way through a piece of land.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not suppose there is
any objection to the resolution itself; but if we
are to keep giving way to allow bills to be in-
terpolated, we shall never get through with the
measure that is properly before the Senate.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. This resolution will
provoke no discussion, and I should like to have
it passed. I hope the Senator from Illinois will
give his consent to allow it to be taken up and
passed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Illinois withdraw Iiis objection ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ken-
tucky is entitled to the floor, and I will not inter-
pose if he does not; but I do not like to have bills
interposed in this way.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I have the permission
of the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. POWELL. It will take but a moment, t
am informed, and with that understanding I will
give way.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 120) to authorize the
Pacific Railroad Company, eastern division, to
; acquire certain right of way and land from the
incompetent Wyandotte Indians. It proposes to
authorize the Pacific Railroad Company, eastern
division, to purchase of the incompetent Wyan-
dotte Indians, upon such terms as shall be ap-
proved by the President, the right of way for the
railroad, and such othergroundsand materialsas
such incompetents may possess, which shall be
necessary to the company in the construction and
operation of its road, not exceeding one hundred
acres.
Mr. FOSTER. I do not want to be trouble-
somely inquisitive; but I should like to know the
difference between a competent and an incompe-
tent Wyandotte Indian? [Laughter.]
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I will ask that the
letter of Secretary Usher on this subject be read.
The Secretary read the following letter:
Department of the Interior,
Washington, D. (j., February 16, 1865.
Sir : It having become important, in ttie construction
ot their road and it-a branches, that the Union Pacific Rail-
way Company occupy a portion of the lands of the Wyan-
dotte Indians in Kansas; and avs I im*ct with some difficulty
in view of existing treaty stipulations in approving any
conveyance of their land, I have prepare# and herewith
present the draft of a joint resolution to-t^move all diffi-
culty in the matter and have the honor to request that
it he put upon its passage.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
„ J. V. U3UEH.
Hon. J. H. Lave, United States Senator.
Mr. FOSTER. That throws no light whatever
upon the inquiry I made.
LANE, of Kansas. The treaty with the
Wyandotte Indians gives to certain of them who
follow a certain track the power to possess them-
selves of the right to convey their lands. A por-
tion of these Indians, who have not yet gone
through that ceremony, own a portion of the land
through which the road desires t© pass; and it is
to enable the Secietary of the Interior to carry
