1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ms
on them property privileges of great value; and
it ought not to be done, certainly against the
wishes of the city authorities. If the Senate
should think this privilege indispensable, my im-
pression is that the city authorities ought to be
consulted in the construction of this improvement,
and that the mode of doing it at least ought to be
left to them. I know nothingabout the question
except from the statement made to me by the
mayor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The words which the Senator from
Ohio moves to strike out will be read as the clause
has been amended.
The Secretary read the words proposed to be
stricken out, as follows:
With the right to construct a wharf into said river the
widtli of said P street, the outer or channel line of said
wharf to be subject to the approval of the Superintendent
of the Coast Survey, so as not to interfere with the naviga-
tion of the Potomac river; and the use and maintenance of
said wharf shall be subject to the municipal regulations of
the city of Washington.
Mr. MORRILL. This objection raised by the
Senator from Ohio is not new to the Committee
on the District of Columbia. It was raised at the
last session; that is, it was suggested by the
mayor of the city, who I believe assumed to rep-
resent the public interests then, that it would be
a public inconvenience; and therefore the com-
mittee examined the question. It is not, in the
judgment of the committee, at all liable to the
charge suggested by the Senator from Ohio. It
will be seen that it confers no property right
whatever; it is simply a permission to extend the
wharf into the Potomac river. Itis the ordinary
privilege granted to a citizen who desires to con-
nect a business with the commerce of a river; and
I would remind the Senator that it is identical
with the privilege granted to the ferry company,
called, I believe, the Potomac Ferry Company,
now runnms: between this city and Alexandria.
Mr. SHERMAN. But this is a privilege to
make a wharf at the foot of the street.
Mr. MORRILL. My friend surely will not
undertake to raise a distinction between landing
at the foot of a street and landing somewhere else.
A wharf that is not accessible to the street is no
.wharf at all. The power and privilege granted
here is identical with the privilege granted to the
Potomac Ferry Company, as I recollcct the name,
a year or two ago; and it is, when summed up, a
right simply to build a wharf; and it is the ordi-
nary right which cities confer on persons who
desire to do business in connection with the gen-
eral commei ce of the country. Itis precisely this
case. That it may interfere with other lots or with
other wharves so far as to get up a competition
with other transactions, I do not doubt; but I
have yet to learn, from anything that I know of
the history of the case, that it unjustly interferes
with anybody's rights, either with the adjoining
landholders or with the rights we have heretofore
granted to any other company. I say, then, that
it is simply a grant of the ordinary privilege of a
right to extend a wharf into a river to be m con-
nection with the facilities of commerce, always
premising, of course, that the party who under-
takes to exercise that right either owns the land
or must purchase the land of the owner. It con-
veys him no right to take land whatever; but as-
suming that he has the right to build the wharf,
that he owns the land or can procure it, the Gov-
ernment gives him the privilege of doing what he
otherwise might not. That is all there is of it.
I conceive that there is really no well-founded ob-
jection to this provision, and I very much hope
that the bill will be passed as it was reported.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no difference be-
tween the honorable Senator from Maine and my-
self as to what is desired, but there is a very great
difference between us on the legal construction of
this language. He says that Congress granted
to the Potomac Ferry Company the right to build
such a wharf. I am very sure that is not so; there
is no right granted certainly to any company to
build any wharf on the public streets of Wash-
ington. Such aiightwould be of immense value;
in"the city of New York it would be worth mil-
lions; you could scarcely estimate such a privi-
lege. The right conferred by this language—it id
very carefully worded—is the right to build an
exclusive wharf at the foot of one of the streets of
Washington. The Senator says he desires only
to confer on this corporation the right to build a
wharf on their own land. If that right only was
con/erred, I certainly should have no objection;
but he will see, if he reads it carefully, that the
language not only gives them the right to con-
struct a wharf and to ercct buildings upon it, but
it gives them the exclusive right, because it au-
thorizes them to take the whole width of the street;
it is a wharf privilege to build a wharf, and it is
not required to be on their land; it is required to
be in the street.
Mr. MORRILL. That is not so.
Mr. SHERMAN. Here is the question. If
it were limited to their own property, I should
have not the slightest objection; but the language
is, " with the right to construct a wharf into said
river the width of said P street." I certainly want
to give to these corporators the same privileges
we have granted to others, no more and no less;
and if you confined this right to build a wharf to
their own land 1 should have no objection, because
that would be giving the privilege you have given
to others. The other company, 1 believe, have
a wharf at the foot of Sixth street, though I am
not sure of that. The complaint made by the
mayor is that here you authorize this corpora-
tion to build it in the street, occupying the whole
width of the street, granting an exclusive property
privilege of that which belongs either to the city
or to the Government of the United States; I do
not exactly know which is the owner of the street,
but I believe the Government is. If you give these
corporators the right to construct a wharf into the
river the width of P street on their own land I
should have no objection.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Nobody owns the land
there.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Government owns the
land. Why not require these parties to purchase
land convenient and contiguous; or if you give
them the land of the Government, the streets of
the Government, and authorize them to exercise
this exclusive privilege for the width of P street,
why not make them pay an assessment of its
value ? I would not give them a special privilege,
but would put them on the same footing precisely
with other companies who have privileges in the
same vicinity.
Mr. MORRILL. I think I was correct in say-
ing that we do not interfere with the street, and
do not propose to authorize this company to build
a wharf in the street, or on the street, or touch-
ing the street in any way under heaven except at
the shore of the river. We authorize these parties
to commence at a given point and run down a
given street; we then authorize them to run down
P street to the Potomac river. That is the end
of the road, and that is the end of the land; that
is where the land meets the water; that is where
travel ends and commerce begins; that is where
the railroad stops and the navigation commences.
Now, what is proposed at that point? Just at
that point, we say, you may run a wharf into the
river, not on the street nor touching the street, nor
interfering with the street, nor in connection with
the street in any possible way under heaven ex-
cept to land on it. Does that affect anybody's
rights? Has the adjoining landholder any right
to that5 Has he any jurisdiction over it? Does
not his jurisdiction end when he gets down to the
maritime jurisdiction ? I should like to know what
Mayor Wallach has to do when he gets down to
low-water mark on the Potomac river. If he is
coming in here to interfere with these bills I want
to understand the extentof his jurisdiction; I want
him to establish a maiitime jurisdiction, if he has
it; or else to let him understand that when we
undertake to say that citizens may build a wharf
into the river it does not interfere with his juris-
diction. It is the sheerest piece of impertinence
imaginable for Mayor Wallach to suppose that
he has anything to do with this bill; itis altogether
below his jurisdiction or above it.
I repeat, there is no privilege granted here ex-
cept what is granted ordinarily when you author-
ize a party to go below the land into the water,
and that is all this section proposes. It is that
when these parties have carried their railroad
down to the river, they may go into the river with
a view of meeting the navigation. That is all there
is of it. They must land somewhere. It is pre-
cisely the privilege which was conferred on the
ferry companyas I understand,and which iscon-
ferred whenever a party is authorized to go from
the land into the water, either the sea or a navi-
gable river, with the view of joining navigation
and travel together. -:s
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator.stiH- does & i
meet the question. He is mistaken in supposing
that the right of property ends when it touches
the water. Representing the State of Maine with,
its valuable riparian rights, he must know that
the right of the proprietor extends further out tbdn
the water; indeed, it extends to the center oT the
river, subject only, however, to the rights of nav-
igation. A private party owning land adjoining
P street may, without any actof Congress, build
a wharf there if he does not interfere with the
navigation of the Potomac. It is not necessary to
legislate to confer the right on a private owner to
build a wharf out into the Potomac, subject only
to the limitation that he shall not interfere with
the navigation of the river. Any adjoining pro-
prietor can do it. You propose to authorize this
company to build their railroad on the streets be-
longing to the United States to the Potomac river;
and then what more? You give them the right to
build wharves out into the river on the land of the
United States. The right of ownership does not
cease when the water is touched. It extends to
the center of the river, subject only to the rights
of navigation; and the rights of the United States
as the owner of the street extends to the center of
the river, subject only to the superior rights of
navigation. You propose to confer upon this cor-
poration the right to exclusively use the width of
P street until they touch the point where naviga-
tion would be interfered with.
Mr. FARWELL. I should like to ask the
Senator a question, with his permission.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
answering.
Mr. FARWELL. DoestheSenatorunderstand
that the United States, or the city of Washington,
by laying out a street, get a fee to the land and a
fee to the riparian rights that the owner of the
street would have?
Mr. SHERMAN. The United States, I pre-
sume, stands in the ownership of these streets
precisely like any other proprietor. An adjoin-
ing proprietor of the land along the Potomac owns
the ground in front of him, subject only to the
superior right of the public to navigate the river, t
That is the ordinary riparian right. The United
States, in owning the streets of the city, have pre-
cisely that riparian right. The right to construct
a wharf in front of P street is a property right.
If the Senate will limit the bill so as to allow this
company to build a wharf on private property
which they may be compelled to purchase like
other property, there will be no objection to al-
lowing them to build a wharf on their own land.
The only objection istogivingthemtheexclusive
privilege of building a wharf on lands belonging
to the public, and thus giving them a discrimina-
tion or a benefit not conferred on other corpora-
tions.
It seems to me my friend from Maine ought not
to criticise the action of Mayor Wallach in this
matter. It is his duty to see to this matter. The
city of Washington, as the representative of the
citizens hero, have the right to this wharfage in
front of P street. They may find it necessary to
build a city wharf. But if this right is conferred
upon this corporation, as a matter of course it is
in its nature exclusive, and no one else can build
a wharf there, because they have it to the full
width of P street. I do not wish to interfere
with the Senator's bill, but I think he can frame
an amendment to it that will accomplish the ob-
ject of both of us".
Mr. GRIMES. If it is in order, I move to
insert in the twenty-second line after the word
" river," the words " or of the use of the street
abutting upon said river;" so that the clause will
read:
And so as not to interfere with the navigation of the
Potomac river or of the use of the street abutting ujion
baid river.
Mr. MORRILL. I have no objection to that.
Mr. JOHNSON. There can be no objection
to that, 1 presume.
Mr. GRIMES. With this amendment I am
prepared to vote for this bill. I know something
of its history duringthe last session of Congress.
It is true that the mayor of the city opposed its
passage through the Senate, but it is also true that
almost everybody, I think, on the streets adjacent
to the proposed road petitioned Congress most
