1062
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
even such a measure as that. 1 suppose there is no
Senator.thatever has defended, or ever will defend,-
that odious feature of this oath, which, sir, the
President prescribes as a condition precedent to
becoming a qualified voter in any one of these
revolted States under his system of reconstruction.
I hope the Senate will bear in mind that the gov-
ernment in Louisiana which is now proposed to
be recognized is the first-fruits of the proclamation
of the President, The government presented here
is formed upon that proclamation.
Now, sir, let us look a little further at this proc-
lamation:
" And 14a further proclaim, declare, and make known,
tltat wtienever, in any of the States of Arkansas, Texas,
Louisiana, Mississippi, Tennessee, Alabama, Georgia,
Florida, South Carolina, and North Carolina, a number or
persons, not less than one tenth in number of the votes cast
i  such State at the presidential election of the year of our
Lord I860, each having taken the oath aforesaid and not
having since violated it, and being a qualified voter by the
election law of the State existing immediately before thu
so-called act of secession, and excluding all others, shall
reestablish a State government which shall be republican,
and in nowise contravening said oath, such shall be recog-
nized as-the true government of the State, and the Si ite
shall receive thereunder the benefits of the constitutional
provision which declares that ' the United States shall
guaranty to every State in this Union a republican fotm ol
government, and shall protect each of them against inva-
sion, and on application of the Legislature, or of the execu-
tive (when the Legislature cannot be convened) against
domestic violence.'
You will observe that the President here lays
.down as a fundamental principle that one tenth
(.if ihe number of voters that voted in 1860, if
they submit themselves to this humiliating oath,
sftalj form a State government. That is much
les« than one tenth of the voters of the State, be-
cause I suopose there never was an election in
which all the voters of a State went to the polls
and cast their votes. At the very threshold, then,
you repudiate the great principle of republican
government, that majorities shall rule. Here you
propose to say not that majorities, but that less
than one tenth shall rule. The President then
proceeds to intimate very clearly, in his procla-
mation, that when they fotm a constitution it
must not recognize African slavery. General
Banks, carrying out the suggestion of the Presi-
dent and what he had distinctly stated in a letter
to General Steele in relation to Arkansas, took it
upon himself to alter the constitution of Louisi-
ana in that res p«fct.
Mr. President, I ask those who are in favor of
this resolution to tell me from whence the Presi-
dent of the United States derives the power to
prescribe the qualifications of voters for the peo-
ple of Louisiana. Whence does he derive the
power to prescribe the qualifications for office ?
And yet ail these things he does. Why, sir, he
tells you plainly and distinctly in that proclama-
tion that none shall be qualified voters except
those who take the oath prescribed in that proc-
lamation. 1 can recognize no government as le-
gitimate that has such a rotten foundation. Sen-
ators who vote for it must admk that the Presi-
dent possesses these high powersof sovereignty.
1 have heretofore thought and now maintain that
there is no power on earth that can lawfully form
a constitution for the people of any State in this
Union save and except the sovereign people
themselves. It is one of the highest acts of the
sovereignty of the people to proclaim their fun-
damental law; but here in this pretended govern-
ment of Louisiana the Chief Executive of the
United States undertakes to prescribe the qualifi-
cation of voters and to amend the constitution of
Louisiana. When he prescribes the qualification
of voters he amends the constitution of the State;
for under the constitution of that State as it ex-
isted before the rebellion the qualification of vo-
terswas prescribed in that instrument. The Pres-
ident's proclamation is the bask of the whole
proceeding, and those who vote for this resolu-
tion indorse that proclamation. There is no escape
from it. I will show you that the whole proceed-
ing was conducted under and by virtue of that
proclamation, and with a purpose to carry it out.
£#ct us see what Major General Banks did. In
order to carry out the proclamation of the Presi-
dent, applying it practically to Louisiana, Major
General Hanks, in obedience to instructions from
the President, undertook to reorganize a State
government in Louisiana. On the 11th day of
January, 1864, he issued his proclamation call-
ing upon the people of Louisiana to electa Gov-
ernor, Lieutenant Governor, secretary of,State,
treasurer, attorney general, superintendent of ;j
public instruction, and auditor of public accounts, j:
i will read that proclamation: ];
Headquarters? Department or theGuw,
. New Orleans, Januaty 11, 1804. j
To ihe people of Louisiana: ;
J. In pursuance of authority vested in-ine by the Presi-
dent of the United States, and upon consultation with many j
representative men of different interests, being fully as- j,
sured that more than a tenth of the population desire the «i
earliest possible restoration of Louisiana to tfw? Union, I ;j
invite the loyal citizens of the State qualified* to vote in j;
public affairs, as hereinafter prescribed, to assemble in the M
election precincts designated by law, or at such places as ji
may hereafter be established, on the 2:2d day ot February, ■ ,
1864, to cast their votes for the election of State officers*
herein named, namely:—
They are the officers I have just named,
"who shall, when elected, for the time being, and until
others aie appointed by competent authonty, constitute
the civil government of the State, under the constitution
and laws of Louisiana, except so much of the said con- ■,
stitution and laws as recognize, regulate, or leiate to sla- ;>
veiy, which, being inconsistent with the presentrondition jj
of public affairs, and plainly inapplicable to any class of \\
persons now existing within its limits, must be suspended, ; \
and they are therefore, and hereby declared to be, inopera- j j
live and void." j;
Major General Banks tells you that the part of ,
the constitution of Louisiana referred to in the j
extract just read from his proclamation is notap- |
plicable to any class of persons in the State, and \
then declares it inoperative and void. If not ap- j
plicable to any class of persons in the State, why j
ihe necessity of declaring it inoperative and void. |
lie must have done it to let the people of Louisi- j
ana know that he was a usurper, a tyrant, and j
a ruthless and wanton violator of the Constitution |
of his country and every principle of civil and re- j
publican liberty, and to let them know that they (
had a master whose will they must obey. Who j
clothed Nathaniel P. Banks, major general of j
the Army of the Uwited States, with the power |
to amend the constitution of the State of Louisi- ]
ana? N. P. Banks, in his capacity as major gen- 1
eral of the Army of the United States, had no more i
legal power to proclaim an amendmentof the con-
stitution of Louisiana than he had to annul or
amend the fiat of Almighty God. That is a power
that the sovereign people of Louisiana alone pos-
sess. And yet, sir, this major general, in obe-
dience to the edict of his master, the President,
with one dash of his pen alters, or attempts to
alter, the constitution of the State of Louisiana,
I put it to you, Senators, you who acknowledge
the sovereignty of the people to be the corner-
stone, the foundation, upon which must be ieared
all the institutions of all the States of this Union,
to say whether you will sanction such an outrage
upon every principle of republican government.
Major General Banks, who had no authonty on
the face of the earth to speak in this mattei in the
State of Louisiana, who was not acitizen of Lou-
isiana, but a citizen of Massachusetts, assumes
to amend theconstitution of the State. Was there
ever such an audacious usurpation ? I will ven-
ture to say you may search the history of major
generals from time immemorial to the present
moment, and you will find in no Government
where it is pretended that liberty is regulated by
law such a monstrous usurpation as that of Gen-
eral Banks in Louisiana.
But, sir, let me read a little further from this
proclamation:
t( XI. The oath of allegiance prescribed by the President's
proclamation, with the condition affixed to the elective
franchise by the constitution of Louisiana, will constitute
the qualification oi voters- m this election. Officers elected
by them will be duly installed in tinur offices on the 4th
day of March, 185 J."
He says that the qualification of the voter is
such as is prescribed in the proclamation of the
President in addition to the qualifications pre-
scribed by the constitution of Louisiana. Here
this major general recognizes the existence of
the constitution of the State of Louisiana. The
Presidentof the United Slates himself recognized
the existence of those State constitutions in his
proclamation. Major General Banks recognizes
the constitution of the State as being the funda-
mental law, for he allows it to stand, except so
far as he shall proclaim it modified. JNow, sir,
can you deny that there was a constitution in
the State of Louisiana ? Had the rebellion over-
thrown that constitution, he could, with some
consistency, have gone on to make a constitution
from his stand-point, he believing, as he said,
that martial law was the fundamental law of Lou-
isiana, and martini law bwng ihe vv ill of the Com-
mander-in-Chief.
But he recognizes the constitution of Louisiana
and then proceeds solemnly to decree the amend-
ment that I have read.
But that is not all that this major general docs,
lie says, further:
IV. In order that the organic law of the State may be
made to cortlorm to the will of the people, and harmonize
with the spirit of the age, as well as to maintain and pre-
serve the ancient landmarks of civil and religious liberty,
an election of delegates to a convention lor the revision
of the constitution will be held on the. first Mornlajr of
April, 1864. The basis of representation, the number of
delegates, and the details of election, will be announced in
subsequent orders."  
Senators, what think you of that ? "fn order to
maintain and preserve the ancient landmarks of
civil and r hgious liberty "Major General Banks
orders delegates to he elected to form a constitu-
tion for the State of Louisiana 1 I ask the friends
of this resolution who it was that conferred upon
Major General Banks the power to call together
a convention to remodel the constitution of the "
State of Louisiana. The constitution of the State
of Louisiana can only, lawfully, be amended in
the mode pointed out in the instrument itself. 1
am sure there is no clause in the constitution of
Louisiana that authorizes a major general of the
United States to orderthe people to elect delegates
to remodel their constitution. And yet, sir, we
are to sanction all these usurpations before we
can vote for the resolution now under considera-
tion.
This major general proclaims that the qualifi-
cations of the voter is such as is prescribed in
the constitution of Louisiana as altered by the
amnesty proclamation of the President. Thathe
declares on the 11th day of January, 1864. On
the ]3fh day of February, 1864, only a month
afterward, he issues another ukase in which he
adds other qualifications to voters. I beg Sena-
tors to listen to this. He not only adds the quali-
fications prescribed by the President, but he,
G-enetal Banks, adds other qualifications to voters.
There were a certain class of people in Louis-
iana who were foibidden by the constitution of
that State to vote. They were those engaged in
the Army and Navy. The President does not
m his proclamation allow those persons to vote,
notwithstanding they lake the amnesty oath, he-
cause they were not legal voters under the con-
stitution of Louisiana. General Banks, on the
llih of January, issued his proclamation pre-
scribing the qualifications of a voter as they were
indicated in the proclamation of the President;
but, sir, he could not even stand to that, because
befoie the election came on he issued an order in
which he speaks further on that subject, I will
read a portion of his order of the i3th of Feb-
ruary:
lif. Citizens of the State who have volunteered for
the detente of the country in the Army or Navy, and who
are otherwise qualified voters, will be allowed to vote in
the election precincts in which they may be found on the
day of election; and if the exigencies of the public ser-
vice be such as to prevent their attendance at any estab-
lished precinct, then commissioners fanly representing
the interests involved in the election will be appointed to
receive their votes whertver they may be stationed oh
thai day, and to make due returns thereof, as well as of
their own votes, to the military governor of the State, as
provided for other commissioners of election.>}
There you observe that General Banks allows
persons that were not qualified voters under the
President's amnesty proclamation, to vole. He
allows those in the Army and Navy, who are
foi bidden by the constitution of Louisiana from
voting, to vote. Under the President's amnesty
proclamation those persons were not qualified
voters, because the President allowed all to vote
who had taken that oath who were qualified by
the constitution of the State of Louisiana. Cer-
tain persons were not allowed the privilege of
the amnesty oath at all. Thatapphed toofficers
of high grade in the army, and others whom I
will not specify. General Banks was not con-
tort with carrying out what the President indi-
cated, but he must enlarge the right of voting in
this particular, and thus violating upon his own
account, not in obedience to the order of the Pres-
ident, theconstitution of Louisiana.
Iam aware that General Banks in his state-
ment, which ! will review presently, tells you
that the military made no interference in the elec-
tion in Louisiana—much less, perhaps, than in
any other Stale in the Union. 1 askJSenators to
