1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
look at this paragraph of the order of February
13, 1864:
" VI. The sheriff's of the several parishes, and in their
nbr-eneo the provot-t marshals,-will take especial care that
thf1 pol is- aie promptly opened, and that suitable judges of
election and other officeis are appointed."
What is that provost matshal doing there?
"The sheriffs and the provost marshals." Why,
sir, you see the military all through the matter.
Is the provost marshal an officer known to the
constitution and laws of Louisiana to supervise
elections? No, sir; no.
These State officers were elected; and how
many votes were cast in that election? I find
upon examination that there w&s then within
the Federal lines less than one third of the terri-
tory of Louisiana. I find that at that election
there were cast 11,414 votes, 808 of which were
soldiers' votes; who, under the President's proc-
lamation, were not legal voters, leaving 10,606
votes. Eleven thousand four hundred and four-
teen votes, all told, were cast at that election.
There must be about 60,000 voters in Louisiana.
That State sometimes castas high as 51,000 votes;
and I suppose there never was and never will be
an election where all the qualified voters go to the
polls.
What does General Banks do after this elec-
tion? Docs he turn over -affairs to the civil au-
thorities? Michael liahn, 1 find, was elected
Governor of the State of Louisiana. I find here
a proclamation signed by that individual as Gov-
ernor on the 16th day of March. He was inau-
gurated, I think, early in March, perhaps on the
4th day of March. General Banks, in his first
Older, from which I have read, ordered a conven-
tion to form a constitution. AfteV Hahn was
elected Governor, and after he was inaugurated
as Governor, one might suppose, if the military
were not interfering, that then Major General
Banks would allow the civil functionary to exer-
cise the functions of issuing pi oclamations to the
people upon subjectspurely civil. We fiud here
that General Banks makes a proclamation on the
11th day of March, in which he clearly and dis-
tinctly states how many delegates to that conven-
tion shall come from each parish in Louisiana,
and he prescribes the qualification of the voters.
Then we find on the 16th day of that month Gov-
ernor Hahn also issues a proclamation. Here we
find that this major general, even after what he
calls a civil government is elected and inaugu-
rated, goes on pioclaiming to the peopleof Louis-
iana what they shall do in a civil capacity, just
as he did before the election of Govenor Hahn.
So it is very clear that from the beginning to the
end the civil authorities were controlled by the
military.
How many votes were cast when the delegates
to form the constitution were elected ? Only 6,184.
The constitution was submitted to the people of
Louisiana for their ratification, and 6,836 votes
were cast for it, 1,566 against it. A constitution
formed by the coercion of the military power for
the free people of Louisiana was ratified by only
6,836 voters in the State! Will any Senator tell
me that a constitution ratified by only that num-
ber of voters was made by the free will of the
people of Louisiana? Certainly it was not. 1
find in a document published by the House of
Representatives in an election case from Louis-
iana, some meager account of the number of votes
cast m some of those parishes that elected dele-
gates to the constitutional convention. General
Banks ordered the election of those delegates with-
out authority, as everybody must know, in vio-
lation of the constitution of Louisiana,as we ail
know. Let me read a little from this document,
published by the House of Representatives:
" This convention was composed of ninety-five delegates,
of which number the parish of Orleans was represented by
sixty-three, leaving to the country parishes the residue of
thirty-two. The undersigned have no definite information
of the number of votes polled in each paiish, either at. the
election ol delegates or on the question of latification, nor
the number cast for the constitution, not, if any, against
it, but they are enabled to furnish some indication of the
vote outside of New Orleans by the sparse icturns which
they gather ftom the journal of the convention.
44 Itappeais that tin'parish of Ascension,within our lines,
and neighboring to New Oilcans, and which m I860 had a
white population of 3,940, elected her delegate* by 61 votes;
that Plaquemines, with a white population in I860 of 2,529,
east 246; and in the parish of Madison, the witness Mon-
tague was elected by a vote of 28.
" It is admitted that elections were held only in tiie par-
ishes included within our lines, and that those lines were the
TGche on the one side aiul the Amites on the other, com-
prehending the parish or city of Oileans, and the neighbor
ing parishes on the Mississippi. To a question propounded
to General Banks as to what portion of the State voted, his
reply was: , —
" 'Ah as far up as Point Coupee, and there were some
men from the Red river who voted at Vidaha.'
"And in his statement he announces that < The city of
New Orleans is really the State of Louisiana.'
" In 1860 there were 357,629 whites in the State, of whom
149,063, or much less than one half, were in New Orleans,
so that in no legitimate sense can it he said that it consti-
tutes the State. It is incredible that there are not many
loyal men, the test of loyalty being the willingness to take
an oath ot allegiance, who were entitled to suffrage upon
the question ot the formation of their government,- but who,
fiom the contiol of the public enemy, had no opportunity
to vote. But assume the statement to he true, it is in evi-
dence that there are not less than 13,000 legistered and
qualified voters in the city of New Orleans alone who have
taken the oath prescribed by the proclamation of the Pres-
ident, and the vote cast at the latification and the election
for members of Congress demonstrates that not more than
one halt'the number of those entnled to vote in that city
voted at that election, to say nothing of the residue of the
State."
Those are certainly very meager votes.
Major General Banks, after he issued the order
directing this election and prescribing the quali-
fication for voters, desiring very much, i have no
doubt, as he had won no honois in the field—dis-
grace, disaster, and defeat having attended our
arms wherever he faced the rebels in arms—-to
win some reputation by bringing this State back
into the Union, was determined, as he had as-
sured the President in letters that the people of
Louisiana desired to form this government, to
bring it back upon the President's one tenth prin-
ciple. Fie issued his proclamation prescribing
the qualifications of voters, altering the constitu-
tion of the State of Louisiana, and fixing the 22d
day of February for the election. He seemed to
have some little misgiving that the people would
not distinctly understand that the military power
desired them to do the work, and thereupon this
major general issued another proclamation to the
free voters of Louisiana. I regret that 1 have
not that proclamation. And rl£ht here allow me
to state that when General Banks made his state-
ment before the Judiciary Committee, which he
did with a great flourish of trumpets, and seemed
to be animated with that kind of zeal which would
entitle him to be called, m the language of law-
yers, " a swift witness," he was requested to lay
before us all his proclamations and orders on this
subject; but, sir, the order to which 1 now refer
was never presented to us. I had a resolution
passed by the Senate the other day asking the
President to send it to us. That resolution has
not been answered. But,sir, I remember having
read the order soon after it was issued, and in this
report, made by a committee m the House of-Rep-
resentatives in a Louisiana election case, I find an
extract from that order, which was issued a little
before the election. Senators, mark you what
this man says to these people, and then say if he
ought not to blush for very shame when he said
the military did not interfere with the election:
" Those who have exercised or are entitled to the rights
of citizens of the United States will be required to partici-
pate in the measuies necessary for the reo>tablishment of
civil government.'5 * * * * " It is therefore
a solemn duty resting upon all persons to assist in the earli-
est possible restoiation of eivil government. Let them par-
ticipate ill the measures suggested for this purpose. Opin-
ion is free and candidates are numerous. Open hostility
cannot be permitted. Indifference will be treated as crime,
and faction as treason."
Aftei he had issued his proclamation altering
the constitution, prescribing the qualification of
voters, and ordering them to elect a Governor and
other State officers, a few days before the elec-
tion he issues an order in which he tells them
they shall participate in that election, and that in-
difference is criminal. And yet the man who
issued that order on the eve of that election had
the audacious impudence to write and have it
printed, and laid before the Judiciary Commit-
tee, that perhaps no election in any State in the
Union was so little interfered with by the gov-
ernmental authoritiesas this in Louisiana. J am
astonished that Major General Banks should have
made that statement. No wonder, after making
that statement, that he never brought to our view
that odious order in which he threatens these
people with punishment if Lhey do not come up
and vote; for that is the plain English of it. He
says:
"Thosewhohave exercised the privilege, or are entitled
to the rights of citizens of the United States will be re-
quired to participate in the election." 1
And then he goes on to tell them:, .
"Opinion is free and candidates are numerous,* ppen
hostility cannot be permitted. Indifference will be treated
as crime."
Pie tells them that opinion is free And candi-
dates are numerous, but if they are so indifferent
as not to go to the polls it will be treated as? a
crime. Talk to me of freedom of election under
such military orders! Why, sir, there was bitt
one free man, in my opinion, in all Louisiana at
that time, and that was Major General Banks;
and I do not know that he was free, for, he was
serving his master at the While House. t$ut he
was certainly the only*free man there; for in one
of the proclamations to which 1 have referred he
tells them that the fundamental law is martial law.
What is martial law ? It is the will of the com-
mander-in-chief. That, as General Banks tella
you, was the fundamental law of Louisiana, and
the word of General Banks then was thelaw, and
not the constitution or the statutes of the State of
Louisiana. No, Senators, there was no freedom
of election there. When I take into consider-
ation these documents, these proclamations and
orders, and the whole history of the matter as I
have produced it from the records, 1 am aston-
ished that any gentleman should say there was
any freedom of election there. The elections were
cained at the point of the bayonet. Why, sir,
when General Banks tells these people if they do
not go and vote he will regard them as criminals,
how much freedom do you think there is there;
when he tells them in one of his proclamations,
I, Mi\jor General Bank??, declare that martial
law is the fundamental law of Louisiana? Mar-
tial law is no law at all, but the will of the com-
mander-in-chief, and under that fundamental law
he could have beheaded them had they refused to
vote. The declaration that martial law was the
fundamental law was an odious and unconstitu-
tional assumption. And yet this man tells you
the election was fair and free, and Senators here
tell me that this is the kind of government we
should recognize in this Chamber as the legiti-
mate State government of LouiM.aia. For one,
sir, I will never recognizcany government formed
in the mode that this was as a government for one
of the States of this Union—never, never. .
It was my purpose, Mr. Piesident, to be very
brief, and rneiely to present in tiFvery plain man-
ner the official records to show that this govern-
ment was not made by the people <^f Louisiana
on their own volition, that they did not. form.it
unawed and uninfluenced by the military power,
but that the coercive finger of the military was in
it from the beginning to the end. I willuow notice
for a few moments the statement made by Major
General Banks. I know it has been a subject of
comment here before. The honorable Senator
from Wisconsin [Mr. DooLiTTLEj'theother day,
alluding to this case incidentally, read from this
paper. 1 desire to review some portions of it very
briefly, and I think the Senate ^yill see that this
witness is wholly unworthy of confidence when
he testifies concerning this matter, and is utterly
mistaken in what he says. Let me teada few
brief extracts from it, and see how they compare
with what I have lead. Heie 3s a most remark-
able statement;
" I desne to state, in the most unqualified terms,that no
effoi t whatever was made on the pan of the military authori-
ties to influence the citizens ot the State either in Uie se-
lection oi candidates or m the election of officers, and that
the direct influence oi the Government ofthe United States
was less in Louisiana than in the election probably of any
other State of the Union, and that the officers representing
the Government, both civil and nulitaiy*vyere divided so
far as they entertained or expressed ophu6inipqn the ques-
tion of candidates, and upon the policy pursued in the or-
ganization of the government."
Now, after the proclamations I have read pre-
scribing the qualification of voters,overturning the
constitution of Louisiana in many respects* and
after hearing the extract of an order <?f General
Banks issued immediately preceding the election,
m which he declares that those persons who are
indifferent will be treated as criminals, and that
they must cooperate in this election, will any
Senator tell nie how Major General Banks could
have made that statement? Senators, it is wholly
irreconcilable with the facts. Major General
Banks was utterly and wholly mistaken when he
made that statement.
It is said that all the loyal people of Louisiana
within the Union lines had the privilege of voting;
such is not the fact. Under the President's and
