1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Legislatures of three fourths of the several
gtateg ^
Mr. SUMNER. Very well, " when ratified
by the'Legislatures ofthree fourths of the several
States;" but if no Legislatures exist inStates, is
the Senator going to make that an excuse for
avoiding the establishment of that constitutional
amendment? Sir, I will not recognize the rebel-
lion to that extent; I will not recognize the inde-
pendence of the rebel States as the Senator frorfT*
Wisconsin does. I insist, sir, that these rebel
States shall not control the national Government
at this moment, in this great period of our his-
tory, arid thwart the establishment of human
freedom throughout the land.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
must insist that all debate of this character is out
of order.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; I am done.
Mr. DAVIS. The honorable Senator from
Wisconsin 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
before the Senate is on postponing the joint reso-
lution now pending, and proceeding to the con-
sideration of the bill indicated by the Senator
from Michigan.
Mr. DAVIS. I comprehend the questionvery
clearly. [Laughter.] 1 am much obliged to the
Chair forgiving me the information,but I assure
the able PresidingOflicer of this body that I fully
understood it before his explanation. I am going
to make but a single remark, Mr. President. The
honorable Senator from Wisconsin is discussing
shadows, he says. Now, 1 understand that one
of the greatest realities of the American system
of government is that the majority rules, and
that nothing less than a majority can either build
up or pull down aGovernment. 1 understand that
there were at the commencement of the rebellion
about sixty thousand voters or upward in the
State of Louisiana.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I will correct the honor-
able Senator on that subject. Fifty-one thou-
sand was the highest vote ever polled in Louisiana.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 suppose that an excess of act-
ual vote of nine thousand in a State giving fifty-
one thousand votes at the polls is not an unrea-
sonable estimate, and that I may safely assume
that the voting'population of the State of Louisi-
ana at the beginning of the rebellion was at least
sixty thousand. Now, sir, by what majority,
by what popular vote, was this magnificent gov-
ernment which the Senator from Wisconsin wants
to bring into this Hall organized ? My colleague
gave the facts of the case to the Senate. There
wer6 only about nine thousand votes cast in the
election when members of the convention were
elected to form anew constitution. The old con-
stitution was not superseded. When the power
opposed to the existing government of a State
rises, and by violence overbears it, that govern-
ment is prostrate like a reed that bends to the
storm; but when the storm has blown over in its
fury the reed rises in its erect position. So of a
constitution and a government of a State. There
were over fifty thousand votes against secession
in the State of Tennessee, and there never has
been a day when amidstall the population of Ten-
nessee there was not a great and controlling ma-
jority for the old constitution. It was a minority
clothed with military power, when the great mass
of the people were disarmed, and were at the
mercy of the armed but otherwise insignificant
minority, that was able to subvert and to over-
throwfor the time, the constitution of Tennessee;
and whenever the Federal Government by its
armies swept that usurping minority from the
State of Tennessee, the government and laws of
that State arose again in all their majesty, and
validity, and power, and it was only necessary
for a majority of the loyal people to take pos-
session of the government again, and to elect
members to the Senate and to the House of Rep-
resentatives, and the State would be back legiti-
mately and constitutionally in the Union.
But, Mr. President, the Senator's favorite con-
stitution was made by a small and insignificant
minority of the people of Louisiana in the rep-
resentation which they had in the convention
that formed it, and when that constitution was
submitted to the people only about six thousand
voters ratified it as their system of government.
It is doubtful whether it had even the requisite
one tenth W-hich the President's unauthorized
proclamation assumed to allow to organize a
State government. Sir, against the great uni ver-
sal American principle that lies at the bottom of
the State governments and of the United States
Government, that the majority rules, what magis-
trate, what imperial despot, what autocrat, what
power in this land, has the right to proclaim that
one tenth of the people may pull down an exist-
ing, legitimate, constitutional government, and
rearupon itsruinsa new government? Xtisonly
necessary to state the proposition that its mon-
strous absurdity, its shocking untruth, its mis-
chievous and evil results, revolutionary, utterly
violent and revolutionary, may strike every mind.
Now, Mr. President, when the honorable Sen-
ator from Wisconsin is comparing shadows, and
his government is sustained by only six thousand
of the people of the State of Louisiana, probably
less than one tenth of its population, I assume
that his government is the shade of a shadow.
Mr. HENDERSON. The question I believe
is on the motion of the Senator from Michigan.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Michigan
to postpone the pending question and all piior or-
ders and proceed to the consideration of the bill
indicated by him, and upon that question the
Chair has intimated that no extended debate can
be allowed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I trust the Senator from
Michigan [Mr. Chandler] will not persist in his
motion. The Senator from Missouri [Mr. Hen-
derson] is ready to proceed on the resolution
under consideration, and I understand the Sena-
tor from Michigan [Mr. Howard] is quite will-
ing to yield his right to the floor.
Mr. SUMNER. No; we had better have the
other question up.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Do gentlemen wish to
take the floor away from the Senator from Mis-
souri, when he is ready to go on ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly; the Senator
from Illinois did the same thing yesterday to the
Senator from Maine, [Mr. Morrill,] who had
the floor on the bill which I have moved to take
up. I am ready to reciprocate all favors of that
kind.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I trust the Senate will
not agree to the proposition of the Senator from
Michigan, if he persists in taking the floor from
a Senator who is prepared and ready to proceed
with the d iscussion of the subject before the Senate.
Mr. HENDERSON. I'desire to say that I do
not wish to occupy much of the time of the Sen-
ate. In fact, I think the Senate is not"in a con-
dition now to listen to a very extended discussion
upon any subject. I have been engaged in com-
mittee very arduously for along period, and I
have had very little time to devote to the consid-
eration of the question before the Senate, but I
feel considerably interested in it. My State, and
so does your State, sir, [Mr. Pomeroy in the
chair,] occupies a position that demands, at our
hands, as eaily a restoration to the Union of the
States lying on the Mississippi river as we can
possibly secure, and this is too important a mat-
ter to be treated as it has been treated here this
evening.
Mr. President, are we going to restore the
Union or not? It is needless for us to speak of
the oppressions and the wrongs of military men
in the seceded States. We must get those States
back into the Union in some way, and the sooner
we go about it the better, provided we can do it
without violating the principles of the Constitu-
tion of the United States, and without overturn-
ing the republican system upon which all our in-
stitutions are founded. If these States are here
in such a condition, if they have been brought
here with such system and with such order that
without a violation of the principles of the Con-
stitution we can admit them, we ought to do it.
Sir, this Union will never be restored except
through the agency of State governments in the
seceded States. It is an utter impossibility to do
it otherwise. I shudder as much as any gentle-
man at what is called military oppression, but I
desire to impress it upon Senators that it is im-
portant to consider the manner in which these
States are ultimately to be returned to the Union.
Mr. CHANDLER. I rise to a question of
order. I ask whether this debate is m accord-
ance with the rules of the Senate upon the order
of business. >
The PRESIDING OFFICER., Tie Chair,
has suggested that it is not strictly in order.
Mr. HENDERSON. I ask the Senator's par-
don; I understood him to have withdrawn his
motion.
Mr. CHANDLER. Not at all.'
Mr. HENDERSON. I beg pardon; I will not
violate the rules of the Senate.
Mr. BROWN. I trust my colleague will give
way and let us have a vote on the motion of the.
Senator from Michigan and vote it down.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENDERSON. While I am on the floor
I will make a statement that is legitimate and
proper, and it is that it is important .to consider
this subject now. We ought to vote on it one
way or the other. Let us determine it. Let us
either recognize the State government or declare
that a State cannot be brought back to the Union
with the recognition of Congressm anysuch way
as this. Let us have some understanding on the
subject, because, if I am not much mistaken, this
rebellion totters to its fall, and these States must
be retured to the Union or kept in military sub-
jection during thenext twelvemonths. Weshall
adjourn in the course of a few days, and the States
ought to know and the people of the seceded .
States ought to know how we intend to treat them.
The loyal men in the seceded States ought to
understand distinctly whether we are to govern
them by military control, or whether we are going
to permitthem to establish organized governments
and send members again to Congress. It is an
important question. I voted the other day, in
regard to the electoral vote, with gentlemen who
are now opposing the recognition of these Slate
governments. T did not think it was right that
we should admit those votes to affect the'presi-
dential election; but I do hold now that, provided
these State governments have been established in
accordance with the principles of our Govern-
ment, we should admit their representatives in
this body and in the lower House. That is the
question to be considered, and I hops we shall
determine it while it is before us. As the repre-
sentative of a State lying upon the Mississippi,
I feel a deep interest m having these State gov-
ernments reorganized as soon as possible. I
would not insist that they should be reorganized
unless it could be done in perfect consonance with
our system of Government.
Now, sir, I hope that we shall not postpone
thequestion, but that we shall keep it before the
Senate and come to a vote on it to-morrow. When
it is regularly before us, I shall have a few re-
marks to make, and I promise not to detain the
Senate more than twenty mmntes.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 10, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.Ci)andler,Conriess, Davis, Grimes, Hen-
dricks. Howaid, Nye, Ramsey,Sumtier,and Wade—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Buekalew, Oarlile, Clark,
Cowan, Dixon, Doolittie, Farweli, Foster, Harlan,Hender-
son, Ilowe, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Morgan, Morrill,
Powell, Riddle, Sherman, Stewart, Ton Byek, Trumbull,
Willey, Wilson, and Wright—25.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Collamer, Foot, Hale,
Iliirdmg, Ilanis, Lane of Kansas, Mt-Dougail, Ne.smith,
Pomeroy, Richardson, Saulsbury, Sprague, Van Winkle,
and Wilkinson—15. ■„ ,
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. President, I stated ^
that I would not occupy much of the time of the
Senate. I feel some interest in this question. 1
am not willing, however, to discuss the facts of
the case. I shall devote no time whatever to the
facts connected with the reorganization of the
State government of Louisiana, or that of Arkan-
sas. I leave them to others who know them bet-
ter. The onljP thing 1 shall endeavor to do is to
show that according to the principles of our Gov-
ernment we may very properly admit the mem-
bers from Louisiana and Arkansas upon this
floor; and if I can succeed in that, I shall be sat- ,
isfied. I say that it is a matter entirely for the
Senate to decide, whether it will admit the Sen-
ators elected from the State of Louisiana, and
also for the House of Representatives to decide
whether it will admit on its floor the Representa-
tives elected, each body acting without consulting .
the other. That is the proposition that I lay down.
1 do not want to make a speech, but I deSire to
submit a short argument on that subject, and if
