1066
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
Senators will give me their attention I shall soon
get through. I approach the real question before
us at once.
What are we aiming to do? If I understand
our purpose it is to restore the Union. We find
eleven States without representation in Congress.
We want them again represented in the Senate
and in the House of Representatives. Wo find
in those States officials exercising power who are
no* bound by oaths to support the Constitution
of the United States. We want a set of author-
ities there who will take the oath and administer
i he Government, subject to that Constitution. We
find in them officials who are prostituting the civil
pow of the Sfates to the purposes of rebellion.
We want officials there who will use the civil
power in upholding the Union. Until wc accom-
plish these things we can never restore theUnion.
That wo cannot accomplish all of them at once
and in their perfect fullness, constitutes no rea&on
why we should not begin and accomplish them in
part.
I will treat Aikansas and Louisiana as both [•re-
senting themselves heic. Arkansas and Louisi-
ana men present t!u rneclves a a the icpresenta-
tives of loyal governments, and ask us to admit
them. They show tin y have governments whose
officials are sworn to support the Constitution of
the United States, who will use the civil power
of their respecthe States to compel obedience to
the laws of the United States. They do not
chum that theyare yet strong enough to maintain
then-governments without the military aid of the
nation, but with that aid they hope soon to be-
come so. Is their condition, in this respect, dif-
ferent from that of Maryland, Missouri, West
Virginia, and Kentucky, all of which are now
represented here? Without the military arm of
the nation neither Ohio, Indiana, nor Illinois
could maintain its State organization against the
rebel armies for sixty days. I do not mean that
they would not be able to support themselves
against an uprising in their own States, butagainst
the rebel armies. We could not have maintained
ourselves in the State of Missouri, though we had
a large majority of the voting population and of
the people of the State; and why? Because we
n.°f on!y defend ourselves against the up-
rising in our own State, but against the legions of
Texas, Arkansas, and other States south of us.
If we would restore the Union in its constitu-
tional integrity, when it is done, we must have
State governments, if we would have State gov-
ernments we must begin somewhere and at some
tune. It is nonsensical to talk of restoiing the
Union and then say that we can keep the ioyal
people in the southern States for all time to come
under military domination. I say we must re-
store the Union by the reacknowledgmtnt of
State governments in the seceded States. We
must declare the right in Congress to make and
establish these governments for the States, or per-
mit the President, under military law, to setthem
up, or we must recognize such as the loyal people
may set up for themselves. If, as Mr. Madison
thought, the Congress cannot make them,but can
only guaranty such as may already be made and
found to be republican in form, it must be left
with the President, under his power as the head
of the Army, or to the people of the respective
States. Jf (eft entirely with the President he
might by military force impose upon the State a
Constitution against the wishes of both loyal and
disloyal. Insuchcase I frankly admit that neither
branch of Congress would be under any obliga-
tion to admit representatives from such State.°
But if the people—the loyal masses, whether
a majority ora minoiity of the whole voting pop-
ulation as formerly known—participated in its
creation and acquiesce in the revival of the State
government, the case though inaugSiated by the
Piesident in my judgment would be veiy differ-
ent. According to the theory of our Government,
and its practice in all its past time in analogous
cases, it would seem that whether Congress orthc
President wauguiated the proceeding, the Con-
stitution can only receive its validity and author-
ity from the approval or acquiescence of the peo-
pso to be affected; and that brings mo to consider
h ow the people in the seceded States shall revive
tneir governments, and who are the legally quali-
fied voters for that purpose in these states.
At the threshold of the inquiry we are met with
the objection that the States are now without offi-
cers of any kind legally elected, and that of them- ■
seh es they are powerless to inaugurate any move-
ment to set up a loyal government. It is said they
have no officials to superintend the election, to
count the votes, and grant certificates of election.
However desirable these formalities may be, it
has not been the uniform practice of Congress to
require them. In the case of California, one of ,
the most loyal and prosperous of our States, the '
firs: election was called by the military order of j
a suboidinate officer of the Army, a convention |
of delegates chosen, and a constitution framed by
them and submitted to Congress. That consti-
tution wt'S accepted by Congress as republican
in form, and under it a State government was in-
augurated that for fifteen years has been admin-
istered with the greatest success. The territory
had just been conquered from a foreign Power, ,
and was wholly without civil authorities recog-
nized by the United States. Congress had passed
no enabling act, had prescribed no forms of pro-
ceeding, had done nothing to fix the qualifica-
tions of voters, had appointed no judges of elec- 1
tion or other officers to countand certify the votes;
yet the acr, however informal, was ratified be-
cause the constitution on its face was unobjection- !
able in form, and it was believed that the people '
| interested acquiesced in the government it estab- •
j hshed. !
! There is no doubt that if the old government of 1
Rhode Island had abandoned its functions after
the revolutionary party under Governor Dorr had
established the new constitution and set up a gov-
ernment under it, Congress and the Executive, ;
presuming an acquiescence by the people of the
State in the new order of things, would have rec- \
ognized Dorr's government as legitimate. Why !
not? The Dorr constitution was a better instru- ;
ment than the old charter. If the charter was j
republican in form, surely the new constitution ;
was, and if no contest had sprung up between the !
two governments Congress would have properly '
acquiesced in it as a revolution accomplished.
Was it not a revolution afterward when the new
constitution of Rhode Island was adopted ? Was
there any authority in the old charter of Charles
II to call a convention in the State of Rhode Isl-
and? Butefter the Dorr rebellion wassuppressed,
according to my recollection, a new constitution
was made by a convention of delegates, and theie j
was an acquiescence in it. j
Now, we are told by the Senator from Ken- 1
tucky that although a majority of the legal and
qualified voters of Louisiana—and I shall show \
before I conclude that they are only the loyal :
men—shall acquiesce in this constitution, we I
cannot admit the State. The proposition is a i
strange one to me. |
But, sii, I will continue my argument. The ]
State government of Mjssouu to-day is the off-
spring of a movement purely revolutionary, and j
almost as irregular as the proceedings of anv of 1
these States. How was it? I will state to the |
Senate.
The General Assembly of 1860-61 adopted an j
act calling a convention of delegates really to con- j
sider of secession. They did not so declare, but |
that was the real objcct. The bill of lights at- !i
tached to our State constitution declares the mher- i[
ent right of the people at any time to alter or amend ij
their institutions, but no forms for the exercise \\
of this sovereign and inheient power were pre- !j
scribed. Another and altogether different mode 'j
for amending the constitution had been pre- ij
scribed. But the people met and elected delegates, ji
A large majority of the voters acquiesced in the |j
call made by the Legislature, and participated in j|
the election. The convention, when elected, va- 1!
cated the offices held under the old State govern- !|
ment, and proceeded to fill some of them by ap~ H
pointment and to provide for the election of others |
under an amended constitution. If these proceed-
ings possessed any legal validity it was because
of the acquiescence of the people, and not because
of the act of the Legislature. The old govern-
ment would not call on the United States to pro-
tect it against invasion and domestic violence, or
to interpose against these revolutionary meas-
ures. The old government was disloyal, and did
riot want the aid of the United States. If it had
asked forsuch aid the General Government could
not have given it without lending a helping hand
to its own destruction.
In the cases before us, the States are ?n the
1 Union. [ hold that these States are yet in the
i Union, if they an* not in the Union you had
better withdraw your armies as soon as possible,
for in that case this is an unholy war. The in-
auguration of an effort on our patt to put down
the rebellion claims that these States are m the
, Union,and you cannot justify this waruponany
■ other ground. We must maintain the doctrine
! that they are in the Union. Now, the only qucs-
1 tion is, how can you get their representatives buck
} here? In the cases before us 1 assume the States
; are in the Union. There is but the one govern-
: ment 111 either State asking for recognition. Ir is
I admitted to be republican in form. It may be
: called a revolutionary government, but if the rev-
1 olution be on the side of loyalty and the restoration
of theUnion, why should we object? The seces-
sion government was cleat ly revolutionary. Sena-
1 tots say that that revolution in the interests of trea-
. son bioke the icgularchain of authority and tran?-
f< tied the allegiance of the State to another power.
; If loyal governments could be thus set aside by
: revolutionary rebel governments why cannot the.
lule be reveisod? We have accepted revoluuon-
' ary governments in timesof peace—governments
j springing up in the m:dst of anarchy, without the
sanctions of teguiamy; why should we now re-
ject them when they are needed to protect the
loyal inhabitants of the respective States and to
; aid the nation in vindicating its lost authority?
Each of these governments is admitted, i be-
lieve,to be republican in form. Will any gentie-
1 man say that, on the face of these constitutions,
they ate not icpublican in form? Does the Sen-
1 ator from Kentucky say so? Does the Senator
; from Massachusetts say so? The Senator from
; Kentucky thinks the constitution of Louisiana is
| the offspring of military usurpation, but he does
j not say that the constitution itself is anti-iepub-
! hcan.
! Mr. SUMNER. I do.
1 Mr. HENDERSON. You do ?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly,
j Mr. HENDERSON. In what particular? Mr.
| President, I have been in the Senate for nearly
i four years, and 1 believe now candidly that the
^ rebellion is about at an end, and if there were no
other evidence of it, that evidence would be pre-
| sented to-night in the close alliance and affiliation
' of my friend from Massachusetts and my friend
i from Kentucky. Truly, the lion and the Iamb
have laid down together.
Mr. JOHNSON. Who is the lion, and who
; is the iamb?
Mr. HENDERSON, That is for the gen-
tlemen themselves to settle. [Laughter.] The
Senator from Massachusetts says that the^e State
constitutions are_not republican in form. Will
he tell me in what respect?
Mr. SUMNER. Because they do not follow
out the principles of the Constitution of the United
States.
Mr. HENDERSON. I should like to know
in what particular. The answer is a very general
one, indeed. He refuses, then, to specify. The
Senator can answer more particularly hereafter,
if he chooses. He says these constitutions do
not follow the Constitution of the United States.
1 have looked over them, and I find no objection
to them. I can tell the Senator that if the con-
stitution of Massachusetts is republican in form,
so aie the constitutions of these two States, i do
not claim that these governments are all they
should be. The only question with me is, how
am 1 best to get these States, performing their
legitimate functions, in the Union again? The
government established in them may be called a
revolutionary government; but if the revolution
be on the side of loyalty and the restoration of
the Union, why should we object? The Sena-
tor from Massachusetts says the act of secession
took the States out. In the name of sense cannot
the act of the loyal men bring them back? if
secession is potent enough to take a State out,
and that was mere revolution, why cannot the
loyal men peifect a revolution on the side of the
Government as well as rebels perfect a revolution
on the side of secession, outrage, and wrong?
Mr. SUMNER. Does the Senator refer to me
as having ever said that the act of secession took
a State out ?
Mr. HENDERSON. I understand the Sena-
tor to claim that these States are in a territorial
condition; that they are not States; that by losing
