1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
their State governments in the act of secession,
they lose their specific identity as States.
Mr. SUMNER. I would rather the Senator
should use my language than his own, when he
undertakes to state my position. 1 have never
stated that any act of secession took a State out.
i have always said just the contrary. No act of
secession can take a State out of this Union, but
the State continues under the Constitution of the
United States, subject to all its requirements and
behests. The government of the State is sub-
verted by secession; the Senator does not recog-
nize it as legal or constitutional, I believe, any
more than I do. Where, then, is the difference
between us? There is no government which he
or I recognize, but we do hold that the whole re-
gion, the whole territory, is under the Constitu-
tion of the United States, to be protected and gov-
erned by it.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator then ad-
mits that the Suites are in the Union. Now, I
ask him if we can restore the Union without re-
storing State governments in the seceded States?
Mr. SUMNER. That is the desire I have
most at heart, to restore State governments in
those States.
Mr. HENDERSON. Then I desire to ask the
Senator, if the loyal men in one of those States
acquiesce in the constitution presented here, are
they not entitled to govern the State under it?
Mr. SUMNER. If the loyal men, white and
black, recognize it, then it will be Republican in
form. Unless that is done, it will not be.
Mr. HENDERSON. Now, Mr. President,
I desire to ask the Senator if the Congiess ofthe
United States can interfere with the right of suf-
frage in one of the American States of this Union ?
I put the question to him as a constitutional law-
yer.
Mr. SUMNER. I answer at once as a consti-
tutional lawyer that at the present time, under the
words of the Constitution of the United States
declaring that the United" States shall guaranty
to every State a republican form of government,
it is the bounden duty of the United States by
act of Congress to guaranty complete freedom to
every citizen, and immunity from all oppression,
and absolute equality before the law. No gov-
ernment that does not guaranty these things can
be recognized as republican in form according to
the theory of the Constitution of the United Stales,
if the United States are called to enforce the con-
stitutional guarantee.
Mr. HENDERSON. I ask the Senator now
in all candor, as he believes the Government of
the United States can thus interfere with the right
of suffrage in one of the States, does he not also
believe that the Congress of the United States
may to-day declare that a State constitution is not
republican in form because it denies the electoral
franchise to women, because it prohibits inter-
marriage between whites and blacks, because it
declares that one man shall be entitled to hold
more property in the State than another? Can it
so declare? The cases are analogous, and 1 ap-
peal to the Senator to answer my question. If
Congress has the power to regulate suffrage under
the clause of the Constitution requiring the United
States to guaranty to each State a republican
form of government, I submit to him whether
there is any limitation exccpt the more discretion
of Congress. Let me referon this point to James
Madison, who was supposed to know something
about the Constitution of the United States, but
I do not know that he would be of the least
authority now. [Laughter.]
The Senator admits that these two States are
in the Union. If so, their constitutions weie ad-
judged to be republican when they were admit-
ted. A State being once in the Union, the form
of its government being an adjudicated fact, no
posver on earth can change the constitution ex-
cept the people of the State to be affected, it is
to this point that 1 invoke theauthoritymentioned.
Mr. Madison, in the forty-third number of the
Federalist, when asking the people of the old
thirteen States to adopt the Constitution, speak-
ing of this power, used these words:
" It may possibly be asked what need tliore could be of
such a precaution, and whethei it may not bcemnc a pie-
text for alterations in the State governments, without the
concurrence ofthe States themselves."
Omitting the answer to the first, he says:^
"To the second question it may be answered that it the
General Government should interfere by virtue of this con-
stitutional authority, it will be of course bound to jnuvue
the authority. But the authority extends no farther linn
to a guarantee ot a republican loim of government, which
supposes a preexisting government of the fotm which is to
be guarantied.
It is rather late now to present objections to the
mere forms of constitution of th# eleven seceding
States as they stood even before the rebellion.
Four of the eleven were of the original thirteen.
No objection to their republicanism was presented
when the Constitution was adopted, and none, I
believe, has since been seriously urged. The con-
stitutions ofthe remaining seven were solemnly
adjudged by Congress to be republican on their
admission into the Union. But Mr. Madison on
this subject says further:
l< As long, therefore, as the existing republican form? are
continued by the States, they are guai.uiued by the Federal
Constitution. Wlipnevei the States may choose to substi-
tute other republican forms they have a "right to do so, and
to claim the Federal guarantee for the latter."
The constitutions of the original thirteen were
all admitted to be republican in form, although
many of them tolerated slavery, although they
all prohibited the intermarriage of whites and
blacks, although nearly all prohibited negroes
from voting, as a large number of the northern
States still do. Connecticut does not permit ne-
groes to vote. Why not then turn the State of
Connecticut out of the Union and send home our
good friends who sit in this Chamber representing
that glorious little State? Missouri does not al-
low it, and would you turn as good a man as my-
self out of the Senate? [Laughter.] Maryland
does not allow it. Would you turn out the Sen-
ator from Maryland? New York does not allow
it, nor New Jersey, nor Pennsylvania, nor Indi-
ana, nor Illinois. Would you turn out the Sen-
ators from those States? If the doctrine of my
friend from Massachusetts were carried out he
would have but very few Senators left to sit with
him. it would be a Union in which there would
be perfect harmony, for none would be left to op-
pose him. Now, I want to say to the Senator
from Massachusetts that theie is no use in send-
ing us all home. He had better let us remain
here. We may all be harmonious yet. If he
can make peace with my ftiend from Kentucky,
he can to-morrow make peace perhaps with us all.
But lo return to the thread of my argument
when I was interrupted.
The reception of these States is objected to be-
cause the method pursued was revolutionary.
And i now repeat, why should we object when
the revolution is on the side of loyalty The se-
cession government was clearly revolutionary.
Senators say that that revolution in the interests
of treason broke the regular chain ofauthonty and
transferred the allegiance of the State to another
power. If loyal governments, I have already said,
could be thus set aside by revolutionary rebel
governments, why cannot the rule be reversed?
1 have aheady shown that in times past we have
accepted revolutionary governments, and they
have discharged all their duties as Slates. Why
should we now object to mere methods of pro-
ceeding when State governments are needed by
the loyal inhabitants of the seceded States for
their own safety as well as to aid the nation in
resuming its authority and restoring the Union as
our fathers made it?
Another objection urged against the admission
of States coming in this way, is, that it estab-
hshts a precedent for others to ask for and de-
mand recognition, even with the institution of
slavery, bringing back the germs of future rebel-
lion against the Government. This objection
does not properly lie in the case before us. In
both of the constitutions presented, slavery l's
abolished. The real difficulties in the way of res-
toration are numeious enough. Let us not refuse
to take a step in the right direction through fear
that other difficulties may aiise hereafter. Suffi-
cient unto the day is thecvil thereof. I am satis-
fied that no such apprehended difficulty can ever
arise. It must long since have become apparent
to every reflecting man that slavery and lebellion,
by an inflexible law of events, have become syn-
onymous. They are as Siamese twins; when
one dies the other cannot long survive. It will
be utterly useless, i admit, to patch up any matur-
ation with slavery remaining. Such a restoration
would be deceptive, and a peace based thereon
would prove to be the most illusory of dreams.
It was a firm conviction on this subject that in-
duced me to urge upon the country an amdndmoht
of the Constitution abolishing slavery throughout
the land. It was only in this way that an end
could be peacefully and constitutionally attained
that must in some way be reached before we could
have peace. If not attained under the forms of
law the people would have marched through neW
scenes of blood to accomplish it. Th^ masses of
the American people believe as I believe,' that to"
retain slavery—the i ight to exact another's labbr
without rewaid—in any scheme of reunion woutii
not give us permanent peace. It might tempo-
rarily smother the fires of the volcano, to burst
forth after awhile with renewed violence. '
In the first place, then, this fancied difficulty wilt
be removed by the adoption of this constitutional
amendment,if in no other way. Indeed, as was
properly said by the Senator from Wisconsin, the
admission of these very States may be necessary
to settle that question in all other cases and place
it beyond cavil and dispute in the future. The
recognition of these governments now struggling
for existence may prove to he the means through
which all men will be brought to confess that
slavery no longer exists in the United States.
This amendment being adopted, the contests in
the States over the perpetuation of slavery at
once cease. No one will then claim for himself
the fruits of another's labor. Instead, therefore,
of opposing their acknowledgment, the friends of
emancipation should insist upon their return as
the best, the surest, perhaps the only lawful means
of giving freedom to the entire country. Their
votes are needed to carry the proposition.
But there is another reason why the opponents
of slavery should anticipate no danger from this
action. I have already said that in the seceded
States slavery has been the shibboleth of rebellion.
In the beginning many loyal men would have
preserved slavery and the Union together. But
the rebels have long since driven them from that
position. The rebels to preserve slavery would
destroy the Union. Loyal man in the South to
preserve the Union have sworn to destroy slavery.
They cannot otherwise maintain themselves.
Both parties in the seceded States clearly under-
stand this thing, and the issue there is moie dis-
tinctly marked than it can be in the loyal States.
In this connection 1 frankly express a sentiment
which will be unpopular, in the loyal States, but
will meet a most hearty response in the bosoms
of loyalists in the South. That sentiment is, that
rather than retain the institution of slavery after
the restoration of the Union, let the Union be at
once dissolved, putting slavery on the one side
and freedom on the other. Whatever the incon-
veniences to arise from such division, 1 do not
think they would compare with the evils of re-
newed strife springing fiom an effort to reconcile
such ah incongruity. It would bean attempt to
heal a malignant and incurable cancer, rather than
lose the limb on which it had fastened. After the
sufferings of this war, the public sentiment would
give slavory no rest.
If, then, I am not mistaken xn regard to the
loyal sentiment of the South on the subject of
slavery, jfr^ators will see that it is an utter im-
possibly, that tins question can stand in the way
of restoring any one of the seceded States. The
rebels will not come to ask admission. It is
against union with us that they have taken up
arms* It is against restoration that they now use
them, in that struggle they will use every ma-
terial and moral force, including the slave him-
self, stimulated by the boon of freedom, to resist
the return of their States.
The loyal men there are no less determined on
their side. They know their success depends on
the removal of slavery, and they will never ask
Congress to recognize any but an anti-slavery
government. I predict now, that whatever the
futuie may bring in our efforts to restore peace
and prosperity to our distracted country, it will
fail to bring to the doors of Congress, seeking
admission, a State constitution without a positive
interdict of slavery. This would have been the
case even without the constitutional amendment;
hut the adoption of that amendment is important
because it removes obstacles in the pathway of
loyal men in those Slates not yet reorganized. -It
settles the question forever and prevents the fierce
local contests that would spring up about its ex-
istence or non-existence m .the reorganization.
