1068
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
The chief advantage in the constitutional amend-
ment consists in the fact that when once the su-
preme law it precludes forever the claim for-
merly set up, that any one of the States may, in
its discretion, adopt slavery as an institution. It
not only secures freedom in the present fclave
Slates, should the people themselves fail to abolish
it, but it forever prevents the possibility of its
adoption anywhere in the nation hereafter.
The chief objection, however, that I have heard
urged against the recognition of these States, at
{east the one most earnestly urged, is that a ma-
jority of their people are in rebellion, and these
constitutions reflect the will only of the loyal men,
who are in the minority. It is argued that our
State governments are founded on the principle
that a majority of the legal voters of a Slate shall
determine its institutions, and to permit a minor-
ity to govern is to subvert the whole republican
system.
I read the remarks of the distinguished Senator
from Michigan, [Mr. Howard,] and also some
renuuksmade l>y the distinguished Senator from
Ohio, (Mr. Wade,] when a subject kindred to
this was under discussion in this body. I allude
to the measure excluding the electoral voles of
Louisiana and Tennessee.
The Senator fiom Michigan said:
*• Fm one, I nin preto s-ay, ami i take ihic occasion
to say it, that I j-liad ncvercoriscious-l; gi\ o my vote lot ilw
 eadmi*Hon, duecdy or imiiiectiy, ot one of iJu^e rei>r}-
Ijous States back into the Union, either by way of admit-
ting her ironuioic hoie 01 in any other iorin, until 1 am
perteefty upon due evidence, that the decided
majority of the voting population of *>uch State Iia& become
hnal to tlieGovernment of'the United Urates, is friendly to
that Government, and wjJ)ii;g and auxtouto proceed in
the discharge of the function:, of a .State of the Union,
hotiestly and fairly, a  required by the Constitution of the
United fcStaterf."
The Senatorfrom Ohio [Mr. Wade] used sim-
ilar language:
In myju(lgmem,ihe only sensible plan is to leave these
communities until m some way we can have at least rea-
sonable evidence to show that a majority ofthem ate /oval,
and in a condition to maintain a free republican govern-
ment of their own."
That Senator even went further, anil said that
Sie would never consent to admit n State into the
Union winch liud been reorganized iti the pres-
ence of military power.
i he Senator irom Michigan insists that no
State shall return until "the decided majority of
the voting populjtion of such State has become
joyai^to the Government of the United States."
The Senatorfrom Ohio thinks " the only sensible
plan is to leave these communities until in some
way we can have at least reasonable evidence to
show that a majority are loyal, and in a condition
to maintain a free republican government of their
own." What does the Senator from Michigan
mean by the voting population of one of the se-
ceded States? Does he mean those authorized to
vote under the constitution and laws of the State
as they existed before the rebellion, or does he
require a majority of the voting population as
qualified under tiie revolutionary government?
It lie means the latter, the rebels may continue to
change the qualifications of voters, excluding men
fiom the polls as they become loyal, le%sE igonly
rebels to vote, and m this way we shall nfe^er get
a majority. If the Senator means to refer to the
voting population as qualified under the old loyal
government, he thereby admits the State to be
ill the Union, with its old constitution and laws
complete, and that a majority of its voting popu-
lation, having a right to keep the State°away,
have also the right to bring it to Congress and
demand its^ecogmtion. if tins majority be ob-
tained the Senator could not rtjecttlie State with-
out flying in the teeth of his declaration, made in
the same speech, that " we may not discard the
principle that republican government, as under-
stood on this continent, rests upon the willing
assent ot a majority of the people of the par-
ticular community." He had already said that
in using the word tl people "in this connection, he
meant the " voting population," for in them rests
the political power. The Senator further says,
" that if we abandon this great principle, that a
majority not only shall but must govern, we have
thrown the leading principle upon which all our
governments, State and Federal, are oi^anized
to the Winds; we have given up the great ex-
penment of republican government."
If (lie Senator should insist upon this principle
of government in its broadest sense, it would jus-
tify secession. If it bo strictly true that a major-
ity in a Statp, or, as he terms it, a '* particular
comtYiunjty),!'t( not only shall but must-govern,"
liit'ii a majority of legal motors in a State (leaning
to secede will have the undoubted right to do so.
But such cannot be the Senator's meaning; for
surely no principle of our Government will au-
thorize a majority of voters, or a majority of the
civil society, that is, the entire people of a State,
to secede, indeed such majority, added to a ma-
jority of the people of all the States, and a major-
ity of the States themselves, will give no legal
sanction to secession. It is not, then, true that a
majority of voters in a State can govern themselves
except in sttict obedience to the Constitution of
the United States. If that majority rebel against j
the United States, we cannot longer recognize it I
as constituting the political power of the State. 1
If a majority of the people of a State resist the j
national Government, they cease to be the State,
and their acts cannot be recognized in its gov- j
ernrnent. But the Senator's own argument ad- I
mits that a State, with boundaries fixed and j
powers and duties defined, yet remains. Of j
what, then, does the State consist? However j
this may be answered, its political power, at j
the least, must rest in the hands of us loyal j
voters. When we speak of a State, we mean a >
State in the Union, a State whose officials are j
willing to be sworn to support the Constitution, :
and who acknowledge its supremacy. If a ma- ;
jority prove derelict, and undertake to destroy
the very Government of which the State is a part, '
I assert it is right that the minority, who sustain ,
the Government m its entirety, State and national, 1
should govern. When a majority of the people j
of a State pass an ordinance of secession, one of j
three things must be true. First, the act of se-
cession is valid, as a rightful exercise of the re-
publican principle; or second, the loyal minority
—the majority having withdrawn their allegiance
—have the nght to govern according to the Con-
stitution, and for that purpose are authorized to
institute government for their protection; or
third, a State having been driven by force or
fraud to pass an act of secession, is outlawed,
and Congress may proceed to govern it as a prov- j
ince for all time to come, with the haid and op- !
pressive hand of military rule. j
The second of these conclusions is that which j
commends itself to me; and m the case of Louisi- j
ana, the mere fact that Geneial Banks provided j
a way, a means, for the loyal men of Louisiana j
to express their sentiments, does not invalidate j
theiracuon. I agree with the Senator from Iven- j,
lucky that General Banks had no lega' authority j
to do a great many things that be did, but the !
question here is, is this the will of the loyal men j
of Louisiana? If it is, their representatives have j,
a right to seats on this floor. j
The last of the three propositions I have just !■
stated is that which is sustained by the Senator !t
from Ohio and the Senator fiom Michigan. The jj
Senator from Michigan says he would keep them j,
five, ten, twenty years in a state of tutelage. !
Mr. HOWARD. I suppose the honorable Spn- I;
ator from Missouri does not intend to do me any j
wrong in stating what I said. He should there-
fore have added, " if that length of time should !i
be necessary to reproduce loyalty in a seceded j
State, and thus to restore them to the Union as \
a loyal people." !
Mr. HENDERSON. I never do a Senator in- >
justice, i have the Senator's remarks before mc, j
and I will read what he said: j
"1^ never will consent to admit into thn CW>n a State, j
a majority of whose people are hostile and unfriendly to |
j the Government of my country. J prefer to hold them in ■
tutelage (tur Uiat i= really the word) one year, live years, ;
ten years. <>ven nviity y/\*irs, rather th.tn run ihu rkk ot a i
repetition of this lebeliion, which has coat us t-o much blood
and treasure,
Those are the Senator's precise words as re-
ported in the Globe of February 3. I was as-
tounded at the proposition when he stated it. I
have said, Mr. President, that we must get th<*se
State governments back. We must restore the
Union jn its integrity, and to do that we must not
only have a national Government in its purity
and power, but we must have State governments
also. Unfortunately, however, the whole tend-
ency of the legislation of Congress to-day is in
the direction of destroying State governments. !!
When wo have done that we have not restored |l
the Union of our fathers. The people of this
country did not rush to arms in 1861 with the
most distant idea that we should come out of this
rebellion with the State governments destroyed
and with a strong, consolidated, central Govern-
ment. If Senators believe this Government will
be stronger and better when they have thus
strengthened and consolidated the powers of Con-
gress they are sadly mistaken. Our forefathers
did not think so, and I cannot now be mistaken
that no single consolidated Government can so
legislate as to give satisfaction and peace through-
out this broad expanse, stretching from ocean to
ocean, and from the Gulf to the frozen regions of
the North. And when I say that State govern-
ments must yet exist if civil libei ty is to t xist in
this country, I do not moan State governments
that are mere shadows, " airy nothings," whose
powers shall have been usurped by a central des-
potism, but those strong, vigorous, and healthy
political communities that the framers of the Con-
stitution intended they should be—governments
whose authority shall be exercised fearlessly, hut
sti ictly within the limits of their reserved power*,
and with a view to maintain ihe power and dig-
nity of the Federal Government as a part of them-
selves and a participant in theii own glory. I
would have each State loyal to the Federal Gov-
ernment. I would have each citizen of thcState
not only loyal but sufficiently intelligent to know
the meaning of loyalty. I would have the State
to be composed of—
"Men who their duties know,
But know their rights, and knowing, dare maintain."
I fully appreciate that just indignation excited
in the bosoms of loyal men against the pretense
that State rights can justify secession, whatever
may be the cause of grievance. No one, having
a proper view of our Government, can fail to con-
demn the wicked and unfounded claim that the
present rebellion, causeless and flagitious as it
can find a mantle for the least of its crimes in the
sacred name of State rights. The rights of the
States are such as exist in theunawed exercise of
their reserved powers, and also such as the States
may claim at the hands of the General Govern-
ment in the wise and prudent exercise of its dele-
gated authority.
Why, sir, gentlemen are urging the so-called
New Jersey bill, and antagonizing it against the
very proposition to restore the Union of our fore-
father a. What is that bill? Thnre was not a
statesman in the first quarter of a centuiy of our
Government, yea in the first half century, that
ever claimed the power which that bill asserts.
We have marched far beyond what they ever
imagined, and the power now is claimed on every
hand to walk into a State and tear down its insti-
tutions merely because it has seen fit in the crea-
tion of a local corporation within its own limits
to impose a tax upon it m another way from that
which suns us. In my own State for the fran-
chisesof corporations we levy a tax on their capi-
tal, additional to the tux levied upon property
generally, and why? Because it is a privilege
given not conferred on others. The State of New
Jersey, instead of levying a tax upon the capital
of the railroad company,simply declares that the
company shall pay so much upon every pound
of freightand every passenger carried on the road.
She has the right so to declare. What is the
difference in substance between that legislation
and the legislation of my own State ?
On examination it will be found that each State
in the Union has invariably claimed and exercised
the exclusive right to incorporate railroad com-
panies, and in return for the franchise they have
imposed burdens which must in the end fall upon
those who have business with the corporation.
The company,to pay the extra tax,and compete
with other avocations in the profits of business,
has onty to levy a little more on its passengers
and its freight. The moment we enter on such
a system of legislation and tear down the States
of this Union, that moment we have built up a
consolidated Government that will end in despot-
ism.
Mr. SUMNER. May I ask the Senator if he
remembers the words of George Washington
when he transmitted the Constitution of the
United States to Congress?
Mr. HENDERSON. I do, perfectly well.
Mr,.SUMNER, in which he undertook to de-
clare the desire which the Federal Convention had
