1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
nearest its heart, to see these States consolidated
into one.
Mr. HENDERSON. No, sir; not i,he States
consolidated into one State, but the Union con-
solidated. Of that sort of consolidation spoken
of by General Washington I am as much in favor
as the Senator from Massachusetts. I want to
get rid of the rebel majorities in the seceded States
to which he attaches so much importance, not be-
cause they recognize State governments, but be-
cause they refuse to recognjpe theauthority ofthe
national Government, to which they owe alle-
giance. I say that each State must govern itself,
subject to the Constitution of the United States.
When General Washington spoke ofthe con-
solidation of our Union," he meant simply that
the Convention had formed a national Govern-
ment, and not a Government which was a mere
league or confederation of States,as had been the
case under the old Articles of Confederation. He
meant that they had changed the nature of the
Government, that they had made it a national
Government, in which the laws operated on the
citizens, and noton the States. Since the national
Government of which General Washington spoke
was adopted, when Congress levies a tax you
f end your collector to every citizen to collect it.
Pi ior to that time you only notified each State of
the amount due by that State, and if the amount
was not paid, as was frequently the case in the
revolutionary war, the Federal Government was
without the means of collection. The State could
stand in open defiance of Congress. If troops
were needed, each State had its quota assigned;
but if the State neglected or refused to furnish
them, Congress could not seize, as now, the citi-
zen under your enrollment laws. And this is
what General Washington meant by the consoli-
dation of the Union. I well rememberthe letter,
and accord to his words all the force and all the
power intended by him in the use of them.
Mr. President, do you suppose you will ever
have loyalty in the southern States if you under-
take to govern them by generals and provost
marshals for all time to come? Do you want to
put down the rebellion ? I will tell you how to do
it. Establish loyal governments there,a nucleus
around which the loyal men can flock, and they
can put the rebellion down much better than we
can. They know the haunts of rebellion; they
know where it is strong and where it is weak.
Sir, I have lived in the midst of it; I have grown
up for the last four or five years to a knowledge
of Us instincts and purposes, and I have learned
something of the means best adapted to its over-
throw. i think I know how only it can be put
down. It can only be done by the agency of loyal
State governments; you must let the loyal men es-
tablish governments, and Congress must protect
them against " invasion and domestic violence."
You must recognize these State governments and
uphold them, as a duty enjoined by the Consti-
tution. If this be done, when the rebel armies
are broken, your military power will no longer
be needed. Your soldiers may be discharged and
your Treasury relieved. Law and older will at
once resume theirsway. The beautiful harmony
of our political system will be restored. Each
government will move in its appropriate sphere.
Each will revolve in its own orbit. Peace and
happiness will return because the government is
restoredand not overthrown. If this be not done,
anarchy will reign supreme for many years hence,
and outlaws and guerrillas, rejoicing in the an-
archy and inefficiency of military rule, will mock
your vain efforts to reestablish national authority.
To secure national supremacy you must have
the aid of State authority. For legitimate State
authority you must rely upon the loyal voters.
Mr. SUMNER. There is where I agree pre-
cisely with the Senator, and I should like to hold
him to that. He says the loyal men must form
the government, and we should recognize that
government; and yet he insists upon a mere oli-
garchy forming it, and an oligarchy of a skin.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator says he
agrees with me in my position, but insists that I
am in favor of an oligarchy. If I am in favor of
an oligarchy, and he agrees with me, then he also
wants an oligarchy. [Laughter.]
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator plays upon
words.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have already explained
my positions on these subjects. lam in favor of
the loyal men governing the State. If that be the
government of the few, it results from the volun-
tary disloyalty of the many. They, of their own
will, relinquish the right to govern themselves
under the Constitution, and as they have no legal
right to govern otherwise they cannot govern at
all. I can no more compel them to govern them-
selves according to the Constitution than I can
compel a loyal man to vote who refuses to do so.
As to the oligarchy of skin or color, I can tell the
Senator again that the question of suffrage is with
the States. If they confer the franchise on the
negro, I surely do not object.
Mr. President, I say that the only way to crush
out disloyalty and bring back peace in this coun-
try is to let the loyal men of the seceded States
form State governments,and let us uphold them.
That is the means upon which we must sooner
or later rely to reestablish peace and restore Union.
Let me say a word upon this alleged right of a
rebel majority to keep Union men from the enjoy-
ment of the privileges of £ State government.
A citizen of one of the States removes to Mex-
ico, abjures allegiance to the United States, and
assumes citizenship there. We have never denied
the right of a citizen to to expatriate himself, lie
has elected to transfer his allegiance to another
Power. His Government consents. The tie is
broken. He becomes a citizen of another Power,
and the Government of the United States aban-
dons all claim to his allegiance. After assuming
the rights of citizenship under a foreign Govern-
ment it is not pretended that our Government
should recognize him as a citizen or extend to him
the rights and privileges belonging to a citizen.
In the case of this rebellion the disloyal inhab-
itants of the seceded States did not expatriate
themselves, it is true, for they did not leave the
countiy, but they have voluntarily withdrawn
their allegiance from this Government and trans-
ferred it to a de facto government of their own
making. So far as they can effect it, the tie that
bound them to this Government is as completely
severed as if they had expatriated themselves by
removal and oath of allegiance to a foreign de jure
Government. It is the animus, the intention of
the citizen, that settles his rights and fixes the
duties of the Government to ium. The declara-
tory statement of Martin Koszta was considered
sufficient by our Government to impose on it the
duty of protecting him against the claims of citi-
zenship set up by his former Government.
A few days since the Senate passed a bill de-
nationalizing or decitizenizing, if I may use the
term, all those who shall desert from our armies
and those who, having deserted, fail to return in
sixty days to their commands. The power to do
so was not disputed. The act to punish treason
and its allied offenses, of July 17,1862, provides
that the guilty parties shall not again hold office
under the Government.
If it be said that Congress has not given its as-
sent to this withdrawal of allegiance by the rebels,
I answer that I am willing to express that con-
sent now, so far as my vote can go, by admitting
these two States, if they are not in already; I do
not care how gentlemen consider it.
If it be said that one may be a citizen of a State
and not of the United States, or a citizen of the
United States and not of a State, I admit it. But
if it be therefore insisted that rebels are recog-
nized as citizens in the seceded States by their
respective State governments, and that they are
entitled to vote by State law, notwithstanding
they are deprived of United States citizenship by
Congress, I answer that the constitutions of
nearly all the seceded States, at the beginning of
the war, required that a voter therein should be
a citizen of the United States.
I repeat, that in nearly all of the eleven seceded
States United States citizenship was a necessary
qualification of suffrage. The whole question of
united States citizenship is under the control of
Congress. If the national Government has the
right to claim the allegiance of each citizen, it
follows that when the citizen withdraws his alle-
giance and elects to alienate himself, the Govern-
ment may withdraw the privileges of United
States citizenship from him. The moment that
is done he ceases to be a voter in any State whose
constitution makes this a test of qualification.
I have already said that any change of consti-
tution made in furtherance of rebellion is void.
If the test existed at the inception of the rebellion
it exists yet. Therefore the failure of the rebels
to vote did no harm to the great prin'eipie^of-*re-
publicanism, let me tell the-Senato? from Mi'cHi-,
gan.
Mr. SUMNER. It was- the failure of loyal
citizens to vote that did the damage. ! - *
Mr. HENDERSON. I answer that by asking,
what loyal men did General Banks prevent from
voting ? - .
Mr. SUMNER. Ail the colored race.
Mr. HOWARD. I trust the Senator from
Missouri does not impute to me the strange no-
tion of allowing disloyal citizens to vote.
Mr. HENDERSON. I did not.
Mr. HOWARD. From the remark the Sena-
tor made I supposed he had drawn such an in-
ference. *
Mr. HENDERSON. No, Mr. President, I
know the Senator from Michigan too well to sup-
pose for an instant that he would make an argu-
ment which he himself supposed for a moment
would lead to such a conclusion. 1 am only try-
ing to correct the impression which would be made
on a disinterested listener.
Mr. HOWARD. It was not my conclusion,
but the inference which the Senator seemed ab-
surdly—I must say it—to draw from my reason-
ing, that troubled me.
Mr. HENDERSON. I wanted to relieve from
the mind of the Senator difficulties of a constitu-
tional character that seemed to keep him Back,and
prevent him from voting for the recognition of
these States. The conclusion would not be ab-
surd from his argument. I only failed to draw
it because of my knowledge of himself, and not
because his argument does not justify it. I am
aiming to get the Senator from Massachusetts and
the Senator from Michigan, and also the Senator
from Kentucky to join hands and go for it.
But the Senator from Kentucky|Mr. Powell]
insists that General Banks, in the Louisiana case
particularly, fixed the qualifications of voters re-
gardless of the State constitution, and thereby
permitted many to vote who were not rightfully
entitled. I will agree with him that such is the
fact. I will not justify General Banks in that,
but that fact of itself does not in my judgment
vitiate the constitution. The more important
inquiry is, did he exclude from the polls any who
were entitled to vote? If he did so, the consti-
tution may not be the will of the loyal people of
that State. We might at least be left in doubt-.
But the mere admission to the ballot-box of a few
loyal men, not entitled to vote, should n.ot deprive
the State of representation here; if we believe the
constitution, as presented, embodies the will of
those legally entitled to exercise the functions of
the State government. If the casting of illegal
votes vitiated elections but few elections would
be valid.
A strong argument in favor of admitting these
States consists in the fact that when admitted they
can at once settle all questions of suffrage for
themselves, and Congress will be relieved of the
difficulty in the future. In this very case the
Senator from Kentucky objects to the constitution
because negroes bearing arms were permitted to
vote. The Senator from Massachusetts objects
because the negroes at home did not vote. But the
exclusion of so many persons formerly entitled
to vote materially decreases the voting population
in each of the seceded States. As it is decreased
persons are too apt to conclude that its represent-
ation in Congress should in the same proportion
be diminished. It should be remembered that
representation among the Slates is not to be ap-
portioned according to their voting population,
but upon their entire numbers, including all free
persons, and apprentices bound for a term of
years, white and black, male and female, whether
citizen or inhabitant, and three fifths of all other
persons, except Indians not taxed, who are en-
tirely excluded. Under the Constitution it is no
concern of ours how many or how few men can
vote for State officers. Indeed the General Gov-
ernment in recognizing the old State government
of Rhode Island against the Dorr party gave
preference to a constitution of restricted suffrage.
Our business is to ascertain the number of people,
as before stated, and thereupon to appoition rep-
resentation. If those persons disqualified to vote
still remain in the State I see no way to exclude
them from the estimate. If they have left the
State I can see no reason why Congress may not
