1070
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
at any time, even before 1870, cause an enumera-
tion to be made upon which icpreseiiiulion may
be readjusted.
Mr. President, 011 this subject I will t:\ke ihe
privilege of reading the views of one of the ablest
jurists of this country, which were furnished to
me at my solicitation in a private letter now before
me. Though not intended to be used here, 1 am
satisfied he will excuse the liberty taken if it will
remove the least obstacle 111 the way of a nearly
restoration. He says:
" Here it must be observed that the civil society, and the
political society so to speak, of a State need not ntcessa-
nly do thfisame. Tn other words the basis of representation
may be the whole population, but the basts of &uj}'ra«c be
property, adult years, &c. The power to choose rulers is
lodged in the voter*, and they may not exceed one tenth of
the population. Under our complex system, each State
has its quota of representation in the United States House
of Represent Hives,according to its proscribed population,
and in the 1-ilectoial College, aeeoiding to such population
Willi two added, irrespective of population, coi responding
to the Setiatois. It is left to the Legislatures oi the States,
respectively, to prescribe the manner of choosing pres-
idential electors, and all except South Carolina choo>e l>v
popular suffrage. The political society, so to speak, or
that portion ot the population m which political powei is
lodged, determines who shall fill the respective offices,
make laws, See. Although the members of that soriety
may have possessed every requisite therefor, yet the mo-
ment they ceased to be citizens ot' the United States they
ceased to belong thereto.
"That rule holds good with respect to every membei,
and the political society may, by death, disqualification ot
members, &c.,be reduced to a very few persons. To state
an extreme ease, forillu^tratiori of the principle, Massachu-
setts formerly had a property qualification, and although
Iter population entitled her to, say, thirteen Representatives
in the United States House, her voter? may not have ex-
ceeded fifty thousand. Suppose while that qualification
remained, by some financial or other disaster, only one
thousand or one hundred citizens retained the necessary
income or property, would not the persons chosen to Con-
gress by the few and only remaining voters he duly elected ?
So with regard to any other element of suffrage,"as United
States citizenship, if by its loss tho voters are reduced to
very tew m number, do not those few constitute the polit-
ical 01 votiosr power? As to the policy or impolicy of re-
stricted suffrage, wc are not now concerned, but aie en-
deavoring to leach a constitutional and legal analysis of
our governmental system.
" iiut here i^encounteied the startling and practical diffi-
cult}', 4 rfh ilia few persons be permitted to govern a Ht.ite,
despite tliv wishes of its inhabitants, and without giving
them all a voice? i& that lcpublican ?'
•' But iimusi be remembered that the few voters, say one
seventh, or one tenth oi the whole population, have ,ihva>s
been iatiu-fd with that power. V\ iMiuni has fixed the
basis of stiffiag", without regard to relative numhen; that
ie. it ha-3 endeavored, under our popular system, to give
the right 01 pnvikge to as many citizens as weie>uppc^ed
competent to exeicise it intelligently. The rules pi escribed
as to age. sex, citizenship, &e., were deemed essential,
right, and prop >r. Whuther ninny or few come within the
•rules does not a filet their validity. Althoadi the worm n.
childioti, and unnaturalized peisons in a State might out-
nuuibci the voids twnity to one, 01 fifty to one, yet it
would not be consideied wise, or compatible with the *uc-
ccss of a free Government that its destinies should be ni-
iru-aed to those owing it no aticstance, or unfit to admin-
ister its affans. Theoretically, there is no difficulty here.
If persons heretofore entitled to a vote chose to commit a
felony, and incur thereby, as a penalty, the deptivaton ot
their foirner right of suffrage, it is not supposed that the
lo>s of Mich votes is auti-repubucan. If, then, a majority
choose to perpetrate treason, or to expatriate themselves,
01 in any other wav become disqualified, how does that ac-
tio*! vitiate the rule? Ifthey, afterbccomingd^qualmed, ic-
main in the State, aie they not bound to submit to its rulers
and laws? Iftheh lulers ate cho&en without their voice,
is 11 not in consequence of their own voluntary action ? In-
deed. it often happens mat the peisons elected to office ic-
ceive only a meager minoiuy of the votes which could
have been lawfully polled, yet that fact has no influence
upon the leg.U icsult. So a pei>on is olten chosen by a
minouty of the votes, actually east, and is not the majuuty
b. und to subni't?
•• Tlieughtfalnessofan election, and the right ofsuffrtge,
depend not on the relation of numbers in a State. Political
pow rr is lodged where it is deemed wisest, safest, and best
lor all. Still it must be admitted that accoidmg to our
wtshc-and popular expectation a very few persons ought not
to permitted to outweigh the many. Although Tennes-
see, Massachusetts, Rhode L-!and,or South Caioiina, may
choose to lodge the power to vote in a few hands, the ques-
tion is solely an internal one foi those States respectively.
The weight of each State in the electoral College or in the
United Stnte< House of Representatives does not depend
on the number of voters in such State, but on its represent-
ative population; and consequently tne other States are
not injuied or lessened in power or influence, whether
such State adopts property oi overreductions,or whether
its mere voteis aic few or many, ftueh is our constitu-
tional system."
Now, Mr. President, at this late hour I will
not detain the Senate longer. There arc many
other questions connected with this subject that
I would consider if time permitted. But'l content
myself at present with laying down the following
propositions as ftue, and if true the States should
be aslmitti d. If untrue, I desire to know in what
what particular and why they are untrue.
1. I hold that the seceded Sratesore still in th«j I
Union and cannot get out of it except th rough on
amendment of the Constitution permitting it.
2. The seceded States being still in the Union
are entitled to claim all the rights accorded to
other States.
3. That each State now in the Union has the
right to stand upon the form of its constitution
as it existed at the time of its admission. The
people of such State may change its constitution,
provided they retain a republican form of govern-
ment; but neither the President nor Congress can
reform, alter, or amend such constitution, nor pre-
scribe any alteration or amendment us a condi-
tion of association with the other States of the
Union. The General Government may properly
lend its aid to enable the people to express their
will; but any attempt to exercise power consti-
tutionally reserved to the State, beyond what may
be demanded by the immediate exigencies of war,
will not tend to restore the Union, but rather to
destroy our whole system of government.
4. When citizens of a State rebel and take up
arms against the General Government they lose
thetr rights as citizens of the United States, and
they necessarily forfeit those rights and tran-
chises m their respective States which depend on
United States citizenship.
5. If a seceded State be still in the Union, en-
titled to recognition as a State, and a majority of
the people have voluntarily withdrawn their alle-
giance, the loyal minority constitute the State and
should govern it.
6. Congress should not reject the governments
presented becauseof mereinegulanty in the pro-
ceedings leading to their reorganization.
7. If Congress has no right to make and im-
pose n constitution upon the people of any State;
if its power extends no further than to guaranty
preexisting republican forms of government; if
the State still exists, and the loyal men are entitled jj
to exercise the functions of its government, it fol- |i
lows that the only questions to he examined here l!
are. first, is the constitution the will of the loyal l;
men qualified to act ? and, second, is it republican |j
in form ? * I
8. The constitutions of Louisiana and Arkan- t;
sas are thought to be republican m form, and it |j
is admitted that the loyal men of those States re- ji
spectiveiy acquiesce in them. Hence the duty |[
of Congress to recognize them, and the duty of !j
each House to admit their representatives. |:
Mr, JOHNSON". I move that the Senate j|
adjourn. jj
Tne motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 24, 1865.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by Rev. John Thrush, of Washington, Distiict
of Columbia.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ENCOURAGEMENT OF IMMIGRATION.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask unani-
mous consent to have put upon its passage House
bill No. 746, being "A bill to amend the act enti-
tled 'An act to encourage immigration, approved
July 4, 1864,' and the act entitled ( An act to regu-
late the carriage of passengers in steamships and
other vessels, appioved March 3, 1855,' and for
other purposes."
The question was upon ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time. j
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called the :
previous question. j
The previous question was seconded, and the !
main question was ordered. j
The bill was then ^dered to be engrossed and j
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was !;
read the third time, and passed. ji
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois,moved to re- '!
consider the vote by which the bill was passed; ;i
and also moved that the motion to reconsider Ij
be laid on the table; which latter motion was ji
agreed to. \tS 11
CONDITION OF INDIAN TRIBES. '!
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I ask unanimous !;
consent to take from the Speaker's table Senate j
joint icsolution No. 89, directing inquiry into ''
the condition of the Indian tribes, and their treat- ;
mentby the civil and military authorities. ^
No objection was made. I
Tho joint resolution was then taken up and
read a first and second time.
It provides for the appointment of a jointcom-
mil tee, consisting of three members of the Senate,
and four members of the House of Representa-
tives, to be appointed by the presiding officers of
the respective bodies, to inquire into the present
condition of the Indian tribes, and especially mto
the manner in which they are treated by the civil
arid military authorities of the United States, with
power to sit during the recess of Congress, and
send for persons and papers, employ a cleik, &e.,
and report at the next session of Congress such
legislation as may be necessary for the better ad-
ministration of Indian affairs, and appropriating:
$15,000 for that purpose.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If I hearcT
correctly the joint resolution as it was read, I
think there ought to be an amendment to it. I
approve entirely of the general scope of this joint
resolution; but I am not certain but it needs
some amendment to make it more perfect.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would sSatethat
the House has already raised a commitece of its
own members for this purpose, but the Senate
piefer a joint committee for this purpose.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I propose to amend
the jotnt resolution so as to provide for four mem-
bers on the part of the Senate and five members
on'the pait of the House.
_ Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think the
joint resolution now says li four members of the
present House." I think it should have the fol*
lowing words inserted, " who shall be members-
elect to the next Congress."
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I have no objec-
tion.
Mr. STEVENS. I suggest to gentlemen the
query whether we can sit in this manner after we
aie dead. It looks to me like an unusual thing.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I move to increase
the committee on the part of the Senate to four
members, and on the part of the House to five
members.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I desire to say that ]
think the proposition embraces members of n
commission; and while upon the floor, I desire
to say that my connection with the Committee on
Indian Affairs has satisfied me fully of the ne-
cessity of some measure of this sort being taken
by the Govci nment and the country, in otder thai
the next Congress may know the condition of the
various Indi m tribes upon our frontier. The de-
bate that sptang up here last night upon the In-
dian appropriation bill evinced a great want of
knowledge on the part of members of this House
of the condition of the Indian tribes on our front-
iers, and I know of no better way than this to
get correct information upon that subject; not
only as to their particular condition, the number
of tribes, their particular locations, but also to
ascertain the further fact as to what is necessary
to be done by the Government to maintain peace*
protect the inhabitants of our frontiers, and pro-
mote not only the interests of our own people in
the new Territories and new States, but to pro-
mote the welfare and interest of the Indian tribes.
It strikes me that in inference to this question of
dealing with the Indian tubes of this country no
measure of so much importance to them and to us
has been introduced into this Congress or into any
former House. 1 hope, therefore, that this joint
resolution will be passed by the House; but I do
not sec the necessity for raising so large a com-
mittee as is ni nposed by the gentleman from Iowa
Mr. HUBBARD, of iowa. i propose this
amendment in thoabsence of the chairman ofthe
Committee on Indian Affairs, [Mr. Wikdom,] and
at his request. We aie now approaching thfe
close of the session, and unless this proposition
be acted upon promptly, undoubtedly it cannot,
pass both Houses at this,session. For this rea-
son I have called up the resolution for action this,
morning. If there are serious objections to in-
creasing the number of the committee I will'
withdraw my amendment.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN, 1 have no serious objec-
tion to the amendment; but it struck me that the
number proposed by the Senate was sufficient.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I call for the pre-
vious question on my amendment.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. Will tha gentleman
withdraw that call for a moment* that I majf
make a singly remark?
