BOB
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
elsewhere appropriated for binding the Congres-
sional Globe by the publishers thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
The following clause having been read—
For lithographing and engraving for ihe Senate and
House of Representatives, $90,000-—
Mr. WILSON said, I move to amend that
clause by striking out " §90,000" and inserting
"§50,000." By reference to the appropriation
bill of last session I find that $50,000 was the
amount then appropriated for this object. I de-
sire to know what necessity there is for appro-
priating this large amount for lithographing and
engraving for the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives ?
Mr. MORRILL. Many of the publie doc-
uments from the War and Navy Departments
contain drawings which require to be lithographed
or engraved, and placed upon record in order to
illustrate the text of the documents. This ex-
penditure has been very largely increased since
the commencement of the war.
Mr. WILSON. I would inquire of the gentle-
man from Vermont what information the Com-
mittee of Ways and Meanshave upon which they
formed the belief that it will be necessary to ap-
propriate |40,000 more for next year than was
■ required for this year.
Mr. MORRILL. It is found in the supe-
rior activity of the Army and Navy for the last
year.
Mr. WILSON. That certainly seems to me
to be no answer to my question. I ask for def-
inite information. I want to lenow what infor-
mation tho committee have which leads them
to believe that this increased amount will be
needed.
Mr. MORRILL. Wo had the Superintendent
before us, and examined him very thoroughly
upon that point as well as others. The expenses
are much greater now than they have been, owing
to the increased cost of materials and the price of
labor.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to ask further what
information the Committee of Ways and Means
had which induced them to believe that during
the year 1866, for which this appropriation is
made, there would be a greater demand for money
for this purpose than during the year 1865, when
we all expect, judging from the present condition
of our national affairs, that our military opera-
tions may be reduced within that time f
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman should be
aware that we have already made a very large ap-
propriation for a deficiency for 1865, which will
make the amount appropriated for this purpose
for that year equal to the amount now appropri-
ated.
Mr. WILSON. Then I desire to know if the
gentleman has reason to believe that there will be
a deficiency to be provided for for 180'6?
Mr. MORRILL. We think so.
Mr. WILSON. How much?
Mr. MORRILL. That I cannot say.
Mr. WILSON. The fiscal year has not yet
elapsed for which this former appropriation was
made. Again, this appropriation is for litho-
graphing and engraving for the Senate and House
of Representatives and not for the War Depart-
ment.
Mr. MORRILL. Thegontleman most under-
stand that the appropriations made for 1865 for
the printing department have already been ex-
hausted, and that we have at this session made
additional appropriations in order to enable that
department to curry ou its business.
Mr. WILSON. I am informed that the en-
graving and lithographing for the War Depart-
mental paid out of the military appropriations.
Mr. MORRILL. Not for documents printed
by order of this House or the Senate.
Mr, WILSON. Why, sir, the. gentleman cer-
tainly does not mean to be understood that the
War Department has this lithographing and en-
graving done for documents, and that then the
House and the Senate have those lithographs and
engravings duplicated for the purpose of putting
them in the documents that we order!
Mr. MORRILL. They furnish them for re-
ports printed by order of this House.
IWr. WILSON. 1 i nsisl on my amendment to
reduce the sum to $.'>0,000.
The amendment wua agreed ;o. jj
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
strike out the following item:
For payment of judgments to be rendered by Court of
Claims, $1,000,000.
It will be time enough to make the appropria-
tion after the judgments have been rendered.
Mr. HOLMAN. Before that motion is put, I
hope some gentleman will explain this matter. I
have not been able to lay my hand upon anydoc-
ument which throws the slightest light upon this
appropriation. I have sought to ascertain what
have been the judgments heretofore rendered, and
what amounthas been applied to their payment;
but no such information can be obtained so far as I
have been able to ascertain. I trust that this en-
tire appropriation will be stricken out, and that
hereafter we shall know what judgments have
been rendered before we make any appropria-
tions.
Mr. WILSON. I find in the appropriation
bill of last year that the amount appropriated for
this purpose was $300,000, and now it is proposed
to appropriate $1,000,000.
I should be glad to know what information the
Committee of Ways and Means had in relation
to the judgments which may yet be rendered in
that court, which induced them to report an ap-
propriation of $700,000 more than last year.
Mr. MORRILL. The information before the
committee was to this extent, that all over the
country there are numerous claims, and some of
them for very large amounts, for which the Uni-
ted States is liable, growing out of this war.
Mr. WILSON. Congress, at its last session,
passed an act taking away the jurisdiction of the
Court of Claims in relation to claims growing out
of the Army and Navy.
Mr. MORIllLL. So far as the information
before the Committee of Ways and Means upon
this head is concerned, we understand from the
docket of business before the Court of Claims that
this will be at least as small an amount as will be
necessary to discharge the judgments of the court.
We have already provided that the judgments of
this court shall be final in certain cases, and if
that law is to have any effect we should make
this appropriation.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. So far as I
recollect the law to which the gentleman refers, it
is not contemplated that Congress shall make the
appropriation until after the judgments are ren-
dered. Congress has in that respect retained the
jurisdiction m its hands. My objection to this
provision is radical. I am not lor appropriat-
ing one dollar till the Court of Claims shall have
rendered its judgments, and till I know what the
judgments are. I propose to reserve some sort
of control to Congress over this matter if we have
the power to do so.
Mr. MORRILL. I voted with the gentleman
from Illinois when that law was before the House;
but, as he is aware, it was carried against out-
votes. I think our duty is to conform to the law
as we find it. If the gentleman has any radical
objection to the law let him introduce a bill to
repeal it.
_ Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. My objec-
tion is founded on the law. What I mean to say
is'that there is nothing in the law which compels
us to make appropriations for judgments to be
rendered.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask thegentleman whether
it is possible to reach those cases by having are-
vision of them before the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Yes, sir;
reach them by refusing to make appropriations
for them; which amounts, in fact, to a repeal of
the law so far as that is concerned.
The question was taken on Mr. Washhxjrne's
amendment, and it was adopted.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to be informed in
regard to this paragraph:
Treasury rtcpaitnumt:
For compensation of the Secretary of the Treasury, two
Assistant Hecictaries of the Treasury, chief clerk, super-
vising architect and assistant archircer, cle.ilvs, messengers,
assistant messenger, and laborers, $1LS,920.
I find that the sjun appropriated for the same
purpose last session was only $110,340. I desire
to know the cause of the increase.
Mr. MORRILL. If the gentleman will look
at the book of estimates he will find a reference
to the law by which we increased the pay of clerks.
Mr. WILSON. I desire information in regard
to this paragraph:
In the office of the Secretary of the Treasury:
For copying, labor, binding, sealing ships' registers, trans-
lating foieign languages, adveitising, and extra clerk hire
for preparing and collecting information to be laid before
Congress, and for miscellaneous items, $50,000.
I find that the appropriation at last session waa
only $30,000. Now we are asked to appropriate
$50,000.
Mr. MORRILL. On calling on the Treasury
Department in regard to that, we were informed
that the increase is owing to the vast increase in
the business of the Department, which rendered
the increased appropriation absolutely indispen-
sable. There are a great many more clerks em-
ployed there than were employed a year ago.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to know what is
meant by the words " and extra clerk hire."
Mr. MORRILL. It is for paying clerks who
are required to work extra hours.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
information in reference to the proviso in the fol-
lowing item:
For compensation of temporary clerks in the Treasury
Department: Provided,That the Secretary of the Treasury
be, and he is hereby, authorized,in his discretion, to class-
ify the clerks authorized according to the character of their
services, $250,000.
The object of that proviso is undoubtedly to
raise the salaries of clerks in an indirect way. I
am willing to meet that question when it comes up
fairly, but I am not willing to have it come up in
this way. It is independent legislation in an ap-
propriation bill.
Mr. MORRILL. If the gentleman from Illi-
nois will wait, 1 propose to offer an amendment
in regard to this item.
Mr. WILSON. The words " extra clerk
hire" the gentleman from Vermont has explained
to mean compensation for extra labor performed.
I find that the gentleman is mistaken, for in the
second paragraph on the I4th page of the bill I
find the following:
For compensation of additional clerics who may be em-
ployed by tile Sccietaiy,according to the f xigt'iicie.s oftllQ
public service, and additional compensation ior extra iabor
of clerks in Ills office, §25,000.
I therefore, sir, raise the point of order upon
the provision of the section that we are consider-
ing, that it is independent legislation and should
not be embraced in an appropriation bill, and that
therefore the term "extra clerk lure," in lines
three hundred and three and three hundred and
four, should be stricken out.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that the Clerk had proceeded to line three hun-
dred and seven.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will waive
my point of order until the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Wilson] can make his point of order on the
preceding paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the gentleman cannot go back to that para-
graph of the bill.
Mr. WILSON. Termit me to explain. I was
misled by the explanation given by thegentleman
representing the Committee of Ways and Means.
He told me that a certain appropriation was for
a particular purpose. That purpose is embraced
in another branch of the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The remark of the gen-
tleman from Iowa shows that the committee had
already passed the item.
The Chair overrules the point of order raised
by thegentleman from Illinois [Mr. Washburne]
under the last clause of the 120th rule, which the
Clerk will read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"No appropriation shall bo reported in such yenoml ap-
propriation lulls, or be in order as an amendment thereto,
for any expenditure not previously authorized by law, un-
less in continuation ofappropiiations for sueh public woiks
and objects as are aheaily in pingrcss, and for the contin-
gencies for carrying on the scveiai dep'aitmcntsof the Gov-
ernment."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Do I un-
derstand the Chair to overrule the point of order
that this is independent legislation, and cannot
be put into tin appropiiation bill?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that it comes under this clause, " for the contin-
gencies for carrying on the several departments
of the Government."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am aware
that the present Chairman is deciding in accords
