THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PllOCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY F. & J. HIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1865.
New Series..;..No.
Eighteenth amendment:
Strike out the following:
For pay of clerks in tlie ordnance department at the
several navy-yards, in lieu of the present per diem pay,
viz.:
For salary of one clerk at Portsmouth. New Hampshire,
navy-yard, $1,200.
For salarv of one clerk at $1,200, and one at -$1,000 per
annum, at Boston navy-yard, $2,200.
For salary of one clerk at $1,200 per annum, and one
clerk at $1,000 per annum, at the New York navy-yard,
$2,200.
For salary of one clerk at the Philadelphia navy-yard,
$1,200. -
For salary of one clerk at $1,400, one clerk at $1,000,
one draughtsman at$1,600, one analytical chemistat$2,000
per annum, one assistant pyrotechnist at $1,400, and one
keeper of magazine at $480 per annum, at the Washington
navy-yard, $8,380.
Sec. 2. Ami be it further enacted, That one midshipman,
in addition toihose now allowed by law, shall be appointed
for each congressional district and Territory, to be ap-
pointed on the nomination of the present members of Con-
gress or Delegates from said distiicts or Territories respect-
ively, but no midshipman shall be appointed for any dis-
trict not represented m Uongtess.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Nineteenth amendment:
Add:
* And be it further enacted, That so much of the second
section of the actentiUed "An act to increase and regulate
the pay of the Navy of the United States," approved June
1, i860, as provided that the olftcer charged with experi-
ments in gunnery at the navy-yard at Washington shall re-
ceive the sea-service pay of the grade nextabovehim, be,
and the same is hereby, repealed.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twentieth amendment:
Add:
And be it further enacted, That to defray the necessary
expenses of the commission to select the most approved site
for a navy- yard or uaval station on the Mississippi river, or
upon one of its tributaries, the sum of $2,590 is lieieby ap-
propriated.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. PIKE. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the eighteenth amendment was non-con-
curred in. 1 hope that will be done, so that we
may have a vote on striking out the provision in
reference to the midshipmen. I want t<j concur
with the Senate in striking it oat. TH^ts no more
room for midshipmen at Newport, although
there will be when the Naval School has returned
to Annapolis.
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman can reach
this point in the committee of conference.
Mr. PIKE. I want to have an expression of
the House on the subject.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope that the motion to
reconsider will not be agreed to. I move that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Twenty-first amendment:
Add:
And be it further enacted, That the sum of $100,000 is
hereby appropriated to enlarge the accommodations for
sick, wounded, &c., at the Naval Asylum at Philadelphia,
authorized by act of Congress of March 14,1864.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrency with an amendment to strike
out "&c."
The amendment was agreed to; and the Senate
amendment, as amended, was concurred in.
Twenty-second amendment;
Add:
That the Secretary of the Navy be, and is hereby, au-
thorized to purchase the balance of square numbered nine
hundred and forty-eight, m the city of Washington, District
of Columbia, some iuuiteen thousand feet, upon which a
naval hospital is now in course of erection.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence, with the following* amend-
ment:
0 Provided, That the same can be obtained, In the judg-
ment of the Secretary, on terms deemed just and reason-
able. t
The amendment was agreed to; and the Senate
amendment, as amended, was concurred in.
Twenty-third amendment:
Add:
And be it further enacted, That so much of the proviso of
the act of March 3, 1843, entitled "An act making appro-
priations for the naval service for the half calendar year
beginning the 1st of January, and ending the 30th of June,
1844," as requires that provisions and all materials of every
name and nature for the use of the Navy be furnished by
contract with the lowest bidder after advertisement, shall
be and the same is hereby so far modified that it shall not
apply to bunting delivered for the use of the Army and
Navy, and that it shall be lawful for the Secretary of War,
the Secietary of the Navy, and the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, to enter into contract for bunting as their respective
services require, for a period not exceeding one year, and
at a piicc not exceeding that at winch an article of equal
quality can be imported.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
^Twenty-fourth amendment:
Add:
And be it further enacted. That hereafter in all appoint-
ments of midshipmen to the Naval Academy theselections
for such appointments m the several districts shall be made
from the candidates according to their respective meiits
and qualifications, to be deteunined under such rules and
regulations as the Secretary of the Navy shall from time to
time prescribe.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrenc%.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to insist on the disa-
greement to the amendments of the Senate non-
concurred in, and ask for a committee of confer-
ence.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL moved to reconsider the vote
last taken; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GEORGE II. CIIORPENNING.
On motion by Mr. COFFROTH, by unani-
mousconsent,the Committee ofthe Whole House
was discharged from the further consideration of
an act (H. R. No. 112) for the relief of George
H. Chorpenning, and the same was recommitted
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
UTAH AND ARIZONA.
Mr. KINNEY, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a memorial of the Legislature of Utah Ter-
ritory on the annexation of a portion of the Ter-
ritory of Arizona to Utah; whjch was referred to
the Committee on Territories and ordered to be
printed.
RAILROAD GRANT TO MICHIGAN.
Mr. SLOAN. I ask unanimous consent that
the bill of the Senate (No. 414) making a grant
of lands to the State of Michigan to aid in the
construction of a railroad in that State may be
taken from t,he Speaker's table and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SWEAT. I object.
Mr. HIGBY. I presume the gentleman would
not object if he understood the bill. It does not
appropriate any land whatever, but only extends
the time, and places restrictions on the road.
Mr. SWEAT. I understand the whole sub-
ject-matter. It has been before another com-
mittee.
Mr. HALE. I call for the regular  order of
business.
Mr. ANCONA. Will the gentleman yield to
me a moment?
Mr. HALE. All my time is being taken up
in this way.
Mr. ANCONA. I only desire to introduce
and refer a bill.
Mr. HALE. I yield.
GEORGE W. KNOBB.
Mr. ANCONA, thereupon, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill granting a pension to
Captain George W. Knobb; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. HALE. 1 demand the regular order of
business.
ARMISTED T. M. FILLER.
The SPEAKER announced as the business
first in order the joint resolution of the House
(H. R. No. 168) to refer the claim of Armisted
T. M. Filler to the Court of Claims, the pending
question being on its passage, upon which the
previous question was moved on Friday last.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. HALE moved that the vote by which the
resolution was passed be reconsidered; and also1
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
cmr, APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent,from
the Committee of Ways and Means, reported a
bill making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
30th of June, 1866, and for other purposes;
which was read a first and second ti&e, commit-
ted to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, ordered to be printed, and made a
special order for to-morrow after the morning
hour, and from day to day thereafter until dis-
' of.
HARMONY CEMETERY COMPANY.
The SPEAKER having, as the regular order
of business, proceeded to call the committees for
reports of a private nature,
Mr. TRACY, from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported a bill to incorporate
the Harmony Cemetery .Company (of colored
persons) in the District of Columbia; which waa
read a first and second time.
The bill was ordered to be engrossedand read a
third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. TRACY moved that the vote by which
the bill was passed be reconsidered; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid.on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SOLOMON WAD8WORTH.
Mr. THAYER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims, to which was re-
ferred the bill of the Senate (No. 288) to amend
an act for the relief of Solomon Wadsworth, to
report the same back with a recommendation that
it do not pass, as another bill of a similar purport
has already passed Congress and become a law.
The Bill was laid on the table.
WILLIAM NIOHOLL3.
Mr. THAYER, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of William Nicholls;
which was read a first and second time by its title.
The bill, which was read, authorizes William
Nicholls, of the State of Ohio, to locate warrant
No. 23,727, for one hundred and sixty acres of
lands, upon any of the public lands of the United
States open to entry and location; and directs the
Commissioner of the General Land Office to issue
a patent to said Nicholls for the one hundred and
sixty acres of land so located.
Mr. THAYER. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. THAYER moved that the vote by which
the bill was passed be reconsidered; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS IN ARIZONA.
Mr. THAYER, from the same committee, re-
ported back, with a recommendation that it do
pass, a bill (H. R. No. 751) to provide for the
68
