Tlfe CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
January 18,
Military Academy for the year ending 30th of
June, 1866.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
hills, which thereupon received the signature of
the, Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 823) to amend an act entitled
u An act to provide for carrying the pnails from
the United States to foreign ports, and for other
purposes," approved March 25, 1864; and
A bill (H. R. No,. 203) for the relief of Jacob
"Weber. ,
HOUSE^felLL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 621) making appropria-
tions for the support of the Military Academy
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1866, was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
CONDUCT OF GENERAL PAINE AX PADUCAII.
Mr. POWELL. I offered a resolution in the
early part of the session directing the Secretary
of War to transmit'to the Senate the report made
by a commission appointed to investigate the con-
duct of General Paine in and about Paducah.
That resolution was referred so^ne weeks since
to the Committee on Military Affairs. I wish
now to make an inquiry of that committee as to
the disposition they have made of that resolution.
If it is not their purpose to report it, [ wish to
move the Senate that thoy be discharged, and let
the resolution come before the Senate for action.
Mrr WILSdN. In reply to the inquiry of the
Senator from Kentucky, I have to say that the
Committee on Military Affairs have not yet taken
up and considered the resolution referred to them
on that subject. We shall probably be able to
do so in a day or two. We have been busily
employed and have not yet reached it.
Mr. POWELL. I now move that the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs be discharged from
the further consideration of the resolution, and
be directed to report it back instantly to t ho Senate.
Since I introduced the resolution i have received
the report of the commission, but not the accom-
panying documents. 1 find that the reportl was
jn quest of was transmuted by the Goveinorof
Kentucky to the Legislature as a document ac-
companying his message; but the affidavits and
proofs,one hundred and eighty I understand, that
accompanied the report are not published with the
Governor's message. The report discloses a de-
gree of barbarity, cruelty, and pillage, that 1 ven-
ture to say cannot be equaled in the annals of any
Christian people. I desire the resolution to come
back to the Senate, and I desire the Senate to pass
it, so that we may see the proof referred to in this
report, and take action touching and concerning
this man Paine, i have already introduced a res-
olution, which now lies upon the table of the Sen-
ate, requesting the President to have this guilty
man tried upon the charges made against him in
this report, in order that he and those engaged with
him may, if convicted, be punished. 1 do not
think we should delay for a moment having prompt
action in this matter. This report, allow me to
say, was made by two gentlemen of high charac-
ter, both of whom voted for the President at the
last election. The report was made by General
Fry and Colonel Brown. 1 will read one single
paragraph of the icport only:
"The tenor of Brigadier General Fame's conduct 1ms
been briefly alluded to. Tin; puitR'ulurs «iix* to be found in
the numerous affidavit* which wo submit herewith. Your
committee will not disguise the feelings of indignation and
disgust which their investigation of the conduct of affairs
jn western Kentucky Iuh uopin'd w tthiii them. The ad-
ministration of Verres and Warren Hasting may be sah-ly
challenged to show a parallel to the fiftv-one days of teiroi
and rapine that measured the duiatum'of General Panic's
authority.
"Well may we blush for the tarnish attached to the na-
tional uniform when debased to such ignoble uses by an
officer whose only glory seems, lo inn e boon the oppies^ion
of non-combatants and a loud-mouthed denunciation of ins
superior officers as 'cowards and scoundrels.' Kuch
weie the epithets repeatedly attached to Major General
JJalleeU'tf name by General P.une. (n healthy contrast,
your committee beg leave to allude to the firm, judicious,
and effectual administration of Brigadier Geneial S. Mere-
dith."
I hope, sir, that the Senate will direct my res-
olution to be repotted back at once, in order that
we may call upon the Secretary of War to trans-
mit to us this report, with the accompanying doc-
uments, showing the guilt of this man, his cru-
elties, his plunder, his rapine, his barbarity; and
that then we may take such proceedings as will,
if possible, cause him to be tried and punished
for his crimes. I hope there will no longer be
any dilly-dallying or delay upon such a matter.
I feel that I have been already negligent of my
duty as a representative of the people of Ken-
tucky, in not urging in the Senate action upon
this matter before. 1 verily believe, not only from
a perusal of that report, but from conversations
with citizens of the highest respectability in that
region of country, that when the facts shall be
known it will be found that in all the dark and
bloody annals of tyrants and men who overthrow
the rights of the citizui, there never has been, in
any Christian age, such acts of barbarity, cruelty,
and plunder as have been inflicted on that people
by this man Paine and his confederates. I wish
them brought to trial, and, if found guilty, to be
punished by death; for if one tithe of the state-
ments in these papers are true that is the light-
est punishment they deserve.
I hope, sir, that the Senate will no longer delay,
but will order back this resolution and put it on
its passage. Let us have the facts that are referred
to in this report, so that we may see whether or
not the resolution which lies on your table re-
questing that General Paine be tried, and if found
guilty punished, should pass.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As the resolution called
for by the Senator from Kentucky was on my
motion referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, it may be proper that I should say a word
in regard to the motion that is now made.
At the time the resolution was under consider-
ation before I had not seen General Paine, and
had no information from him in regard to the re-
port; but my reason for making the motion was
that 1 thought it unjust to an officer to publish a
report affecting his character, which I understood
was ex parte, and made by a commission before
whom ne did not appear. Since then I have
seen General Paine and had a conversation with
him, and I learned from him that the report was
of the character I had supposed. 1 learned from
him further, that he, after hearing that a commis-
sion was proceeding to inquire into his conduct,
before which he did not appear at all, filed a re-
ply or answer to their report, and also that the
report made by this commission was reviewed by
the Judge Advocate General; and he informed me
that he had no sort of objection to having the re-
port of the commission published, provided his
answer to it and the review of the report by the
J udge Advocate General should be published also.
I for one am willing, therefore, that the Senator's
resolution should be passed if it should be amended
so as to call for all the papers, it will then appear,
as lam informed,that so far from General Paine
being the blood-thirsty and guilty man that the
Senator from Kentucky has pronounced him with-
out a trial, he lias but done his duty.
I was a little surprised at the language of the
Senator from Kentucky when he rose in his place
in the Senate and demanded that this "guilty
man" should be tried, thus condemning him be-
fore his trial. Why call him guilty ? Every man
is entitled to a trial, and presumed to he innocent
until his guilt is established. But the Senator
from Kentucky in his zeal would forestall the case
of General Paine. lie pronounces him a guilty
man here in the Senate, and yet has introduced
a resolution to put him upon trial! Why, sir, a
person who would give utterance to such an ex-
pression as has fallen from the Senator from Ken-
tucky would be disqualified to act as a juror in
any court in Christendom, because he has ex-
pressed his opinion before hearing the evidence,
and pronounced him guilty.
L will not undertake to say that General Paine
is guilty or innocent. I do say that since this
resolution was introduced I have seen him, and he
tells me he has no objection to the report of this
ex parte commission being published, if his reply
setting fcflrth the real facts and the report of the
Judge Advocate General can also be published
with it. If they are all published togetherthey will
do no harm. I presume the Senator from Ken-
tucky does not want a portion of the papers only
published, unless he is to proceed upon the hy-
pothesis announced in his speech, that a man is
to be declared guilty before he is put upon his
trial.
Mr. POWELL. The Senator from Illinois
seems to object to my speaking of this officer as
guilty without his being tried. 1 do not wish
General Paine to be punished unless he should
be properly tried and found guilty. When I used
the word u guilty," I did it as enunciating what
had been found by this commission. They say
that those parties are guilty of the offenses that I
have indicated. The Senator says that the pro-
ceeding was an ex parte one. These gentlemen in
their report say that the very evening they got to
Paducah, General Paine left, and took away all
the papers and his officers about him. It was
his fault that he was not there. I have no per-
sonal knowledge as to whether General Paine is
guilty or innocent; but I do know that this re-
port stamps him with the most damning guilt. I
want him to be tried before a proper tribunal with
power to investigate, and to punish him if he
shall be found guilty. I hope for the credit and
honor of the flag of my country that General
Paine may prove to be innocent of the charges
made against him, but I have not the most re-
mote idea that he will.
If the resolution shall be brought back from the
committee, I shall be willing to accept the prop-
osition of the Senator from Illinois as an amend-
ment to it. I wantnoc^par/estatement. IfGen-
eral Paine can benefit himself by the report made
by the Judge Advocate General, let it come. If
he has any statements that he wishes to make, let
them come. I want to have the whole facts; and
then when they come, I want another and a dif-
ferent commission, one thathas power to punish,
to sit upon this man's case. I repeat, that this
commission found General Paine and others
guilty of the crimes that I have indicated, and it
was because such was the finding of the commis-
sion that I pronounced him guilty. If the Senate
will order tiie resolution back from the commit-
tee, I will accept the proposition of the Senator
from Illinois, and let all these papers come before
us. I would not do General Paine or any other
man intentional injustice. I shall be rejoiced if
he can prove himself innocent of these charges.
If they are true, (and of the truth of the evidence
before me I have no doubt,) he is guilty of crimes
shocking to human natuie—cunies such as 1 ven-
ture to say no military commanderin anyChiis-
tian country has been guilty of for the last five
hundred years.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator will persist
that he has no doubt of the truth of the report of
this ex parte commission. It shows to me, I had
almost said, a perversity on his part and a deter-
mination to hold General Paine guilty. He says
that General Paine absented himself. I know
nothing about the facts, except as 1 have heard
them ftom General Paine, who tells me that he
waited ten days fortius commission to enter upon
the discharge of its duties, and they would not
move a step until he had-left Kentucky and gone
away, and then they instituted their proceedings
to inquire into his character, and when he heard
of it ne made an answer refuting the whole pro-
ceeding.
Mr, POWELL. If the Senator will allow me,
I wish to read a paragraph or two from the report
of the commission:
"Your committee would report that they had much 'dif-
ficulty m piocuung information fiom official sources, as
Brigadier Geneial Paine and his assistant adjutant serier.il
left Paducah ou the evening of our airival, taking with
them, or having sent away, every clerk who was lanuliar
with the otfiee biii-tness ot headquarters.
"The iceoids of the assistant adjutant general's office
were submitted to our inspection by Brigadier General
Meredith, the success to General Paine, but weie so
incomplete and meyulaiiy kept that they proved of little
service m the investigation. Many orders, proved to have
been issued by Ungadier General Paine,liave no entry on
his books."
They say he left there the evening they ar-
rived, and the officers most familiar with the
business about his headquarters went with him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is that statement at all
inconsistent with what I have been informed ? My
information is that this commission kept away
and would not enter upon the discharge of their
duties, and that General Paine waited ten days
for them to institute their proceedings. When
they found he had gone, they came to Paducah
to enter upon the examination. -The whole thing
was an ex parte proceeding; and I have not only
information from General Paine, but I have had
more than one letter from gentlemen high inposi-
