1074
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
settlement of private land claims in theTerritory
of Arizona and for the survey thereof.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and beiiis; engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. THAYER moved that the vote by which
the bill was passed be reconsidered; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MARY ROBINSON AND OTHERS.
Mr. HARRINGTON, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, reported a bill for the re-
lief of Mary Robinson and others, which was
read a first and second time, referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the Private Calen-
dar, and ordered to be printed.
CHARLES COLBORN.
Mr. MOORHEAD, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported back adversely the peti-
tion of Charles Colburn for back pay; which was
laid on the table. ' •
E. S. BRADY.
Mr. MOORHEAD also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back adversely the petition of E.
S. Brady for relief; which was laid on the table.
HENRIETTA 0. GARDINER.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, reported a
bill for the relief Henrietta 0. Gardiner; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill authorizes and directs the Secretary of
the Interior to place the name of Henrietta 0.
Gardiner,widow of the late Lieutenant D. G. Far-
ragutGardiner, of theUnited States revenue ser-
vice, on the pension rolls, at the rate of seventeen
dollars a moil th, from the date of the passage of this
act, to continue for and during the period of her
widowhood, and in the event of her death or mar-
riage, to be paid to her child till it shall arrive at
the age of sixteen years.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
iegly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. W ASHBURN, of Masssachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JAMBS B. ROYCE.
Mr. WHALEY, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported back, with a recommend-
ation thatit do pass, joint resolution (S. No. 112)
for the relief of James B. Royee; the question be-
ing on its third reading.
The joint resolution recites ,that James E.
Royce, of the town of Shrewsboro', Vermont,
entered the service as a private in company I,
seventh Vermont volunteers, in February, 18G2,
and continued to serve in that company and regi-
ment till February, 1863, when, at Fort Barancas,
Florida, by the piemature discharge of a cannon
at which he was engaged at target practice, he
received injuries that resulted in the loss of his
left arm and left eye, by reason of whish dis-
ability he was discharged from service in Decem-
ber, 1863, having served twenty-one months and
twenty-two days; and that he is not entitled to
the pension provided under the act approved
March 3,1SS3. It therefore resolves that James
B. Royce is declared entitled to the benefits of
thatactthe same as if he had been discharged for
wounds received in battL, or had acrviU tue luu
period of his enlistment.
The joint resolution was read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. WHALEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REBECCA S. HARRISON.
Mr. WHALEY also, from the same commit-
tee, reporttd back with amendments, and with n
recommendation thatitdopass,abill (S. No.347)
far the relief of RebeccaS. Harrison.
The bill authorizes and directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place on the naval pension roll
the name of Rebecca S. Harrison, widow of the
 —  ; \ r"
late Lieutenant Horace N. Harrison, at the rate
of twenty-five dollars permonth, to commence 1st
April, 1864, and to continue during her widow-
hood.
The first amendment reported by the commit-
tee-was to strike out twenty-five dollars and in-
sert seventeen dollars.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add after the
words i( to continue during her widowhood
the words " and in case of her death or marriage
the same to be continued to her children until
the youngest shall have reached the age of six-
teen years."
The amendment was agreed to. ...
The bill, as amended, was read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. WHALEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SOPHIA BROOK TAYLOR.
Mr. WHALEY, from the same committee,
also reported a bill granting a pension to Sophia
Brook Taylor, widow of the late Major Francis
Taylor; which was read a first and second time.
The bill authorizes and directs the Secretary of
the Interior to place the name of Sophia Brook
Taylor, widow of the late Major Francis Taylor,
of the first United States artillery, who died of
yellow fever while in command of the post at
Fort Brown, Texas, in October, 1858, on the
pension roll at the same rate as if he had been
totally disabled. *
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WHALEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REUBEN CLOUflll.
Mr. WHALEY also, from the same committee,
reported back adversely a bill (S. No. 316) for
the relief of Reuben Clougli; which was laid on
the table.
H. O. READ.
Mr. PERHAM, from the same committee, re-
ported back adversely the memorial of H. 0.
Read; which was laid on the table.
IIENRY KARSTENS.
Mr. PERHAM also, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Henry Karstens;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Henry Karstens, corporal com-
pany K, sixteenth Iowa volunteers, on the pen-
sion roll from 8th April, 1861, at the rate of eight
dollars per month.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PERHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania, made adverse
reports from the Committee on Invalid Pensions
upon the petition of James McMurray, the peti-
tion of Caroline L. Wright, and the petition of
Charles Lawrence; which were severally laid on
thu laUlp.
He also reported back Senate bill No. 365,
being an act in relation to pensions, with a rec-
ommendation that it be laid on the table, another
bill upon the same subject having been already
passed.
The bill was laid on the table.
Mr. L. MYERS, from the Committee on Pat-
ents, made adverse reports in the following cases :
The petition of Joseph Nock, praying for the
retif wal of a patent for an improved lock; the pe-
tition of John P. Sherwood, prayinsc for an ex-
tension of patent; the petition of Francis N.
Smith, for an extension of his patent for an im-
provement in corn-shellers; the petition ofW. W.
Wood worth, praying for a renewal and extension
of a patent for planing machines! and they were
severally laid on the table.
JOSIAH COPELAND.
Mr. L. MYERS. I am i nstructed by the Com-
mittee on Patents to report a bill authorizing the
Commissioner of Patents to hear and determine
the application of Josiah Copeland for an exten-
sion of his patent for a new and useful improve-
ment in boot crimps.
The bill was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to be
engiossed and read the third time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
like to hear some explanation of this bill.
Mr. L. MYERS. I am sure the reasons I
shall give will be satisfactory to the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Wasiiburne] and to the House.
The committee are unanimous in recommending
this extension. The invention is one of great
simplicity and of great utility. It is now uni-
versally used, has superseded all other crimps
used in the manufacturing and crimping of boots,
and, as was fully shown to the committee, effects
a considerable saving in this manufacture, both
in time and leather. We have had petitions from
numerous manufacturers of boots, and boot-
crimpers, for this extension,-and no one has op-
posed it. Owing to its simplicity of manufacture,
and the ease with which it is counterfeited, there
have been a number of infringements upon it, and
a number of injunctions and judgments had to be
obtained by the patentee. So that, excluding
even his own labor, all he has gained from the
invention does not exceed the sum of $5,000.
Before the war, a dozen pair of these crimps were
made for four dollars, each crimp including an
iron block, clasp, and screw. Now, notwith-
standing the great increase of the price of mate-
rials, a dozen pair of these crimps are made for
$5 50, leaving a profit upon that number of but
two dollars. The inventor has now got ma-
chinery, patterns, &c., at considerable expense,
and deserves the remuneration which an exten-
sion of his patent alone will give him. This ia
the first request for a reextension of patent that
the Committee on Patents have voted favorably
upon. They have reported adversely on almost
every application, and I trust this bill will be
passed at once. I now call the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
read the third time.
The question was upon the passage of the bill.
The SPEAKER announced that the morning
hour had expired.
*** -„/ENROLLMENT BILL.
The House proceeded to consider, as the regu-,
lar order, the bill (H. R. No. 676) to amend the
act entitled " An act further to regulate and pro-
vide for the enrolling and calling out the national
forces, and for other purposes," approved July
4, 1864, and the other acts relating to enrollment
and draft.
The pending question was upon the motion to
amend by inserting after the word " enrollment"
in the eighth line of the second section the fol-
lowing words:
Provided, That persons not liable to enrollmentor draft,
who may hereafter volunteer, phall be credited to such sub-
district as they may elect at the time of their enlistment.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BLAINE. Objection was made yester-
day to the proviso inserted upon my motion, on
the ground that it might be retroactive and cut
off credits already made. Aft the suggestion of
some gentlemen on the opposite side of the Cham-
ber, I move to amend by inserting after the word
" troops" the word'^ereafter-^'so that the clause
will read, "in any call for troops hereafter."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not see the propriety
of this section. 1 believe that, if adopted,"it will
retard volunteering, I believe that General Han-
cock, who has been endeavoring to form a corps
of twenty thousand men, would long ago have
succeedt'd had not the War Department adopted
a legnlalion similar to the provisions of this sec-
tion. J know that at least two regiments from
my county would have gone into that corps had
they been permitted to take bounty from the high-
est bidder. When they found that they could not
go where they could obtain the most favorable
