1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
iffid
allowance as to bounty, they refused to enlist. I
do not know, but I imagine that General Han-
cock, notwithstanding his ability as an officer, has
signally failed in his efforts to raise that corps.
I can see no reason why the poor soldier, who is
willing to voluriteer, should not get the highest
bounty that he can. If one is willing topay|500,
and another refuses to pay anything, why should
not these poor men be permitted to go and take
the $500 for the benefit of their families? In that
way you will fill the Army with volunteers in-
stead of drafted men. 1 think that the soldier is
entitled to all he can get, and therefore I am op-
posed to the whole section.
Mr. GARF1EJLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise to op-
pose the motion. It is a little singular that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, who is so strongly
opposed to free trade in gold, is in favor of free
trade in substitutes, in the bodies and lives of men
to fill the ranks of the Army. I believe that the
Committee on Military Affairs has offered no
proposition this session of such vital importance
to the country in reference to raising soldiers for
the Army as the section now before the House.
1 will endeavor to state briefly some of the rea-
sons why it should be retained. As the law stands
at present, citizens may enlistwherever they can
get the highest bounty. The consequence is that
m the rich districts, in the cities, in places where
money is more plenty than men, high bounties
will be offered, and the poorer districts will lose
the men who go off and enlist in the rich districts,
and thus the poor districts will be compelled to
make up their quotas on the basis of the enrolled
lists of the districts. It may be that in a town-
ship only orie.hundred men are enrolled; forty go
offand enlist as substitutes in the rich districts; and
while that township must make up its quota from
the sixty who remain, the whole of the one hun-
dred were reckoned as the basis on which the
draft proceeds. The substitute brokerage system
has grown out of this practice.
What is a substitute broker? A man who
establishes an office and offers to furnish substi-
tutes for different localities. He pays bounties
and gathers men in gangs for sale, and when the
committees of any town are hard pressed to fill
up theirquotas they send to the substitute broker
and buy his wares at exorbitant rates. He gets
men for comparatively a small bounty and sells
them at enormous prices to the districts that are
otherwise unable to provide to fill their quotas.
The result has been that men in all parts of the
United States have been compelled to see their sons
bought and sold by these infamous substitute
brokers. It is, sir, only a little less infamous than
waf the domestic slave trade in this country ten
"rears ago. Now, in view of the great and sacred
:ause m which we are engaged, it does not become
us to suffer the existence of a practice as nefa-
rious as the slave trade. How shall we strike a
blow at the evil? How shall we get at it? We
do not in this section legislate against substitute
brokers eo nomine, but we say that every district
shall furnish its own complement of troops, and
that wherever a man may have enlisted, wherever
he mayhave goneasa substitute, he shall be cred-
ited to his own place of residence. That being
done the occupation of a substitute broker is gone.
There is then nothing for him to do, and he can-
not set up an office in New York or Washington
to buy substitutes for any other place, for when
a substitute is obtained he is to be credited where
he has been enrolled.
The learned gentleman [Mr. Stevens] is right
when he says that his county in Pennsylvania can
raise its quota if permitted to go out into the
poorer districts and buy substitutes. I grant that
special localities will be favored, but it will heat
the expense of the poorer districts. The effect
of the substitute system on the Army is deplora-
ble. Men who consent to sell themselves to the
highest bidder will not be unwilling to desert the
flag and under another name obtain a second
bounty. It is a fact notorious in the Army that
a large majority of the substitutes desert, and in
many cases before they reach the field.. For the
credit of the Army, as well as to fill its ranks, I
hope we shall enact this section into a law, and
at one blow strike down the bounty jumping, sub-
stitute brokerage, and desertion-consequent upon
the present system. Itis a crying evil all over the
land, which has found expression in the Commu-
te# on Military Afiairs, through petitions and kt- j
ters, and demands the attention of Congress more
than any other question which has been before
the House this winter. Whatever else may be
done to this bill, I hope the second section will
be left intact, unless it be improved in detail. • I
know of no measure more important than this,
and I hope the amendment will not prevail.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. Is it in ordefyto amend
the original bill?
The SPEAKER. Itis.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I move to amend the
second section by striking out the word " here-
after" in the first line. I move the amendment
to enable me to add a word or two to what has
been so well said by the gentleman from Ohio, the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs.
The only regret I have in relation to this matter
is, that the Committee on Military Affairs did not
feel the force and necessity of a provision of this
character at the last session of Congress. In the
rural districts of the West we have suffered
severely in consequence of that oversight. Our
people have been taken away by substitute bro-
kers into the market and sold to fill up the quota
of States which were much more able to fill their
quotas than we were.
But not only have we suffered from that over-
sight, but it will be recollected that Congress
passed an act authorizing agents to go into other
States to make up their quotas. What has been
the effect? It has enabled certain States, that had
wealth, to fill their quotas with negroes from the
plantations of the South, while we have been
compelled to fill our quotas'from among our own
citizens. The complaint we have now to make is,
that this remedy comes too late. Having fiHed
their ranks with negroes from the plantations of
the South, they propose now to repeal that pro-
vision of the bill, and shut us out from availing
ourselves of the same benefits.
This provision ought not only to pass, but be-
fore it is passed it ought to be made still stronger.
We ought to be entitled to go back and have
credit for the men that other States have taken
away from us. Let me give you an instance of
the operation of this law: within the last three
months, in my own precinct—a district which
hai heretofore kept its quota full by volunteer-
ing—and during the month of December, thirty-
nine recruits were furnished by that precinct to
another State. We are not only charged with
our own quota, but we fait to get credit for these
thirty-nine additional men—enough to fill otir
quota under this call.
I repeat that we ought not only to have a pro-
vision which shall hereafter prevent one State or
one district from going into another State or dis-
trict to get recruits, but we 'ought to be allowed
to go back and give those districts which have
furnished mure than their quotas heretofore credit
for the men they have furnished to other States
and localities. That would be approximating to
something like justice in the case.
1 have therefore moved to amend by striking
out the word " hereafter" in the first-line, so as
to allow the proper officers to adjust the credits
which belong to each locality.
Mr. SCHliNCK. I hope no such amendment
as that will prevail. I think myself, with the
gentleman from Illinois, that it is greatly to be
regretted that the policy proposed by this second
section did not prevail from the beginning, I
have always been of opinion that the whole bounty
and substitute system was wrong, and if the war
were to continue all would at length come to that
conclusion. This section, however, cures one
very great evil in the country, and prevents that
very thing which commends itself to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]—the bid-
ding of rich districts and cities against each other,
and the drawing from the rural districts all their
fighting population, so as to render them unable
to fill their own quotas when the draft comes.
But if we should admit the amendment which
the gentleman now proposes there is a practical
difficulty in carrying it into effect a? all. There
has been no such record kept from the beginning
of the war by which it would be possible to credit
each district and sub-district with the n*mber of
troops they have furnished. It is a matter of no-
toriety that a very large proportion of the first
five or seven volunteer infantry regiments which
West Virginia raised for this war \yere actually
rainod our tha othtfr sid« of the river Ohio.
Mr. BLAIR. The State of Ohio also got tnefl
on our side of the river. * ' '
Mr.SCHENCK. Perhapsso; but not so many
as she gave to West Virginia.
Mr. BLAIR. She paid larger bounties.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not mean any disre-
spect to the people of West Virginia. They are
very good soldiers on either side of the river, I
know something about the good services rendered
by them. A large proportion of these West Vir-
ginia regiments came from the Oliio side of the
river, and partly from Pennsylvania. Why was "
that ? Because, at the commencement of the war,
it was felt that to defend the border was as much
the work of the people on one side the river as of
the people on the other side; and that when they
went into these regiments they were defending
Ohio, Pennsylvania,and the whole country. Ohio
has never undertaken to claim credits for her citi-
zens who went into West Virginia regiments.
Mr. WHALEY. The people of West Vir-
ginia have furnished as many men to Ohio regi-
ments as Ohio has furnished to the West Vir-
ginia regiments.
Mr. SCHENCK. It may be so. I will not
dispute it. But it is not according to my recollec-
tion, or understanding, orknowledge of the facts,
and I happened to command some of thosercgi-
ments. But let thatallgo. I did not intend any
slur on the gallantry of either of the gentlemert
representing West Virginia, or of her troops; nor
any imputation on the readiness of West Virginia
to give her best blood to the cause of the country.
It was only an illustration, which has stirred the
bile of these gentlemen, used to show the imprac-
ticability of carrying out the suggestion of the
gentleman frotp Illinois, [Mr. J. C. Allen.] «
The amendment adopted on the motion of the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr..Blaine,] which will
prevent all bogus credits hereafter, taken together
with the text of this section, will cure the evil
for all time lib come, and for at least the present
and preceding draft. 1 hope, therefore, that the
section will be permitted to remain as it is, and
that the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Illinois will not be adopted, but that this whole-
some provision will be carried out in its present
form, with the amendments already adopted.
The question was taken on Mr. J.C. Alus'i
amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. MILLER, of New York. I move to
amend the second section by striking out the'fol-
lowing:
That hftreafter all persons mttstWed Into the military or
naval service, whether as volunteer-*, substitutes, repre-
scnialive or otherwise, shall be credited to the State ami
to the ward, township, precinct, or other enrollment --fib-
ril-'! net where such persons belong by actual residence, (if
fucll persons have an actual residence,) and where such
pei ori3 were or shall he enrolled, (if IkiUIh to enrollment.)
And inserting in lieu thereof the following:
That hereafter all persons Halite to a draft mustered into
th*miiitary or naval service shall hi1 credited to the State
and to tlie'ward, township, precinct, or other enrollment
faub-distriet where such persons were or shall be enrolled.
The effect of this amendment, Mr. Speaker,
would be that all persons who are enrolled and
who are hereafter mustered into service would be
credited to the towns where they are enrolled.
But it would leave men who have already served
two years, and who ore not liable to enrollment
or to draft, to enlist to the credit of whatever town,"
county, or State they may choosey The law'
should certainly s?cure to each township all the
men enrolled in it. But why should we go fur-
ther than that? Why should we say that a man
who goes as,a substitute for another, when he is
not liable to draft, should be credited only to the
locality from which he came originally? I do
not see why.
Now what would be the effect of making this the
law? The large cities, that are full of emigrants,
full of persons not liable to the draft, can raise their
quotas easily by substitutes, and thus avoid the
draft altogether. But in the rural districts the*e
is no such class to draw from for the purpose of
substitutes. If you save to the towns the men
enrolled there, that is a'l that justice requires. To
go further than that would be dealing unjustly
with individuals, and would be really conferring
no lu-nefit on any town except the large cities that
have a monopoly of foreign emigrants.
Mr. SCHliNCK. I suppose the gentleman is
aware that persons who have served for two years
during thia rebellion are exempted from enroll-
