THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
business is before that committee that I think
some further time may very appropriatelybe given
it by the Senate.
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President, I have not
charged the Committee on Military Affairs with
negligence. I supposed their inattention to this
resolution arose from the great press of business
before them, and I desired to relieve them by hav-
ing this resolution brought back to the Senate.
The Senator from Illinois says correspondents
of his in Kentucky declare that there has been
butone officer in command at Paducah, other than
General Paine, who has punished rebels and pro-
tected Union men. I should be obliged to him if
he would give us the name of that other individ-
ual. There have been many post commanders
at Paducah. The present Lieutenant General
Grant, when a brigadier general, was there at one
time. I hope it was not General Grant who failed
to give protection to Union citizens and to pun-
ish rebels. There was that true-hearted, that no-
ble, thatgallant soldier, General Charles P. Smith,
■who was for a long time in command of the post
at Paducah, whose daring, whose skill, whose
gallantry, and whose military achievements we
regard as part of our cherished history. Was it
General Smith that failed to protect Union men
andpunish rebels? General Wallace,of Indiana,
I believe was in command there at one time. Was
it General Wallace? There have been various
commanders there. So for as regards General
Meredith, a constituent of my friend from Indi-
ana, it affords me very great pleasure to say that
I hear on all hands that he is a gentleman and a
soldier, and discharges his duty fully and faith-
fully. The commission who make this report on
the conduct of General Paine bear high testimony
to the soldierly qualities and the honest dealing
of General Meredith with the people of his de-
partment.
But, Mr. President, 1 have no doubt that the
correspondents of the Senator from Illinois will
tell him a great many tilings in favor of General
Paine, for I verily and conscientiously lelieve
that if the gentleman would give us the names of
those correspondents, which I will not ask unless
he is authorized to give them, it would be found
that they were the confederates of this man in
plunder. I have heard such a volume of testi-
mony from this people on the subject that I do
not believe there is an honest man in all Ken-
tucky who would dare to vindicate this man Pnine.
But, sir, one word to the Senator from Cali-
fornia. He seems to think that he is a kind of
censormorum of the Senate, and says he is tired,
tired, tired of hearing my denunciations of Union
officers. Sir, I dare say the Senator will grow
much more tired than he is already. J am not re-
sponsible for the Senator's bring wearied when he
hears criminals, robbers, and thieves denounced.
If it wearies that Senator to hear corrupt and
guilty men denounced, I would not eaie if lie
should feint under his weariness from sheer ex-
haustion. I have never denounced a soldier who
did his duty. 1 honor the brave, the gallant, the
true-hearted Christian gentleman and soldier who
carries the Hag of his country amid the storm of
battle. The. profession of arms is a noble one,
and that brave and true-hearted Christian warrior
who bears the banner of his country with cour-
age, with skill, with bravery, and wins victories
never indulges in the persecution of non-com-
batants and the pillaging of the people. All honor
to the brave soldieis who fight and do not steal;
disgrace, infamy eternal, to pillagers and plun-
derers. Upon what battle-field did General Paine
win honors ? And of all the men who are charged
with peculation and who have been denounced by
me, I would ask the Senator to point to a single
battle-field where they carried the stars and stripes
to victory. Men who go about punishing women
and children and plundering the people are mis-
creants and cowards; they disgrace your arms
when you intrust them with commands. I have
denounced none except those who I believed were
guilty of crime, of peculation, robbery and plun-
der; and all 1 desire in regard to such persons is
that they should be tried, and, if found guilty,
punished.
The Senator says he could endure my denun-
ciations no longer. I regret that the honorable
Senator cannot have a little more patience, be-
cause at the proper time I expect to denounce
rogues, publicplunderers, and robbsrw, more Ally
than I have done heretofore. The Senator says
he could not allow this occasion to pass without
saying a few words. I do not think many ques-
tions have passed here of any moment or consid-
eration, or indeed any question, however insig-
nificant and trifling, that has not elicited "a few
brief remarks," or, as my friend from Indiana
who sits near me [Mr. Lane] would say," a few
desultory remarks" from the Senator from Cali-
fornia. I believe the Senator from California
thinks nothing can be done here as it ought to be
unless he gives us the benefit of his wisdom, his
sage counsel, his large experience and statesman-
ship. The Senator's speech might lead one to
suppose it was the first time he had spoken in the
Senate, and that he had sat still until his very
patience was threadbare. I will venture to assert
that on the very next question which comes up
the Senator will be in the same condition; he will
tjiink the Senate cannot properly pass upon it until
he has been heard. I have never grown so weary
and tired of the Senator's remarks. He had a
right to make them; and if he thought his wisdom
was necessary to give measures proper shape it
was his duty to make them. I make no com-
plaint of that; but a Senator who so universally
gives us his counsel ought not to grow so weary
of one who in comparison with himself so seldom
trespasses on the time of the Senate.
The Senator thinks I should denounce other
people. When I know of any officers in the mil-
itary or any other department of the Government
who do not discharge their duties, they will re-
ceive my censure; and all who discharge them
faithfully, and with capacity and integrity, will
receive my praise. He wonders why I did not
unite with the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Lane]
in denouncing the treatment by the rebels of cer-
tain prisoners in their hands. I differ in one re-
apect from the honorable Senator from California.
I think there are Senators here who discuss a
question in such a manner as to exhaust it, and
that it does not require my aid or assistance to
add force to what they say. I am unlike the Sen-
ator in that respect; he tninks that no argument
is complete, that no question is fully elaborated
and discussed, until we have had the light of his
wisdom upon it. 1 could add nothing to the state-
ment of the destitution of those prisoners made
by the Senatorfrom Indiana and the Senatorfrom
Ohio. Allow me to say to the Senator from Cal-
ifornia that I think any persons who would treat
prisoners cruelly act exceedingly wrong, and
they have my denunciation, whether they be reb-
els or loyal men; they have no favor from me. I
am not advised as to how they treat their prison-
ers; but if some of the accounts that we get in the
newspapers are correct, our prisoners are badly
treated in some respects; and whenever they are
badly tmitedit is very wrong, and meets with my
hearty condemnation. I hold that those who will
treat prisoners badly, who will treat cruelly an
unarmed'man w.ho surrenders, is anything else
than a true-hearted and brave soldier.
But the Senator seems to labor under a kind of
hallucination; I think he has a sort of monoma-
nia on that subject, if he will allow me to use the
word; he seems to think no personought to speak
on any subject without denouncing rebels and
their cruelties. It strikes me thata Senator might
be permitted to discuss some questions without so
far departing from the subject under debate as to
step out to give the rebellion a kick. The Senator
must be most extraordinary in his demands
against these poor rebels, for 1 had supposed that
such was his high opinion of his own powers that
when his denunciation was exhausted upon them
it would be idle and futile for anybody else to come
in to kick the poor dead corpse; but he seems to
wish everybody to do just as he does. I regret
that I cannot coincide in opinion with that hon-
orable Senator on that subject. I have great re-
gard for him. He is a most pleasant, amiable
gentleman. I believe, however, thathe has quite
as good an opinion of himself as his fellow Sena-
tors hav<?of him; but vanity is a very amiable
weakness; it hurts nobody, and I have no doubt
it does the Senator good in its enjoynent. I would
rather congratulate him that he has such 'un-
bounded sources of pleasure. I am sure I have
no disposition to interpose when he caters to his
own consequence and sharpens the appetite upon
which his vanity-feeds. And even though he
should make my humble self the subject of his
criticism, if by that means he can exalt his own
self-importance, I am so amiable as to feel grati-
fied that 1 have been the poor instrument of ena-
bling him to show off alittle to the gaping crowd
in the galleries.
But allow me, with great kindness, to say one
word to the Senator. 1 think 1 know something
about my duties here, and I think I know how I
ought to present questions to the Senate; and, in
my judgment, it is not becoming in that Senator
to tell me what character of speeches I should
make; nor, when I am talking about the miscon-
duct of an officer of my own Government, does it
become him to demand of me that I go outside and
abuse rebels and rebeldom. If rebels and rebel-
dom were the subject at issue before the Senate,
the Senator might twit me if, in speaking upon
that subject, I did not stick to rebels and rebel-
dom. But the Senator has certain idiosyncvacies
to which I have already alluded. I hope he may
enjoy all his own self-consequence, and that his
vanity may continue forever to be in full bloom ;and
I hope, for his own sake, thathe may cause other
people to think as highly of him as he thinks of
himself, and if he does I have no doubt he will be
President very soon.
Now, sir, at the suggestion of my friend from
Indiana [Mr. Hendricks] and other Senators, I
withdraw my motion; and I hope that the chair-,
man of the committee will report the resolution at
an early day.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President—
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Kentucky proposes to withdraw his motion. Hia
motion will be considered as withdrawn unless
objection be made.
Mr. CONNESS. I object, at present.
Mr. POWELL. I withdraw the withdrawal
of my motion if the Senator wishes to speak.
Mr. CONNESS. I shall notdetainthe Senate
an instant, and am entirely willing that the Sen-
ator shall withdraw his motion. I shall not dis-
gust the Senate nor violate the proprieties of this
place by engaging in a vulgar tirade with the Sen-
ator from Kentucky. The Senator has descended,
I think, in the opinion of the Senate, and I shall
not follow him. I did say that I was tired of the
speeches of the Senator from Kentucky. I now
say to that Senator that I think his constituents
have tired of them, too. I leave it simply to the
readers of the Congressional Globe to determine
between that Senator and myself as to all he has
said. I never had the appreciation shown me yet
when I rose in this body of being left to empty
benches as an audience. If the Senator had been
sensitive he would have often closed his addresses
in this body and made them more brief than he
has done. But, sir, I do not intend to follow him.
Whenever that Senator in discussions here shall,
as I believe,fall within the scope of my comment,
I give him notice that he shall always receive it;
and when he receives it he shall receive it in such
a manner as I shall see fit to impart it. The Sen-
ator shall never be a criterion for determining how
I shall speak while I have a seat in this body and
while he has. I will not repeat myself, as the
Senator so often does in this Chamber, nor delay
the Senate longer on a subject that has been cer-
tainly sufficiently discussed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before this matter passes
from the consideration of the Senate, as the Sen-
ator from Kentucky has been so persistent in his
statements in regard to the cruelties and thefts and
robberies of General Paine, I feel it due to state
that his information is entirely at variance with
such as I have received. When this matter was
called lip I did not have before me the letters
which have been written to me from the State of
Kentucky, and I have not got them now, with the
exception of two that I happen to find from gen-
tlemen of very high character, and whom, I am
sure, if the Senator from Kentucky knew, he
would not denounce as participants in embezzle-
ment or robbery. One of these gentlemen says
in his letter to me:
" We feel that the efloit now being made to stigmatize
the name of General Paine is but a blow at the Uniouroen
nf western Kentucky, audit there is any protection due to
Union men anywhere the Union men of this legion are
entitled to it. in the beginning of the rebellion our best
Union men were insulted on the streets and ordered to leave
the eity; they were hunted up in their workshops and driven
from their labor to places of security; they were made to
leave their homes with the punishment of death if they re-
turned. This Is the character of people over which Gen-
eral Paine was sent to rule. He drew a lirf® between the
