1078
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
t term of service was offered by recruiting officers as
i inducement to them to enlist, and that the United States
musteiing officers in some instances confirmed the state-
ments of recruiting officers by telling the recruits that
though. as a neccssary technical form, the muster-in rolls
fixed the t**rm of enhstmentat three years. they would be
held only till their regiments or companies were mustered
out.
It is alleged in the evidence Wore the committee tlmt,
In many instance?, recruits declined to sign the muster-in
rolls till this assurance was given. Your committee find
that a large number of regiments have recently sione out of
the service, leaving squads of from twenty to one hundred
men to be distributed anion? other regiments to serve nut
the remainder of their throe year®, and that the men thus
left feel greatly aggrieved, and believe that the Government
has not treated them in good faith. With a single excep-
tion, the rolls in the War Department show no evidence
that these inen were mustered for any term less than three
years.
The justice of their claim to he mustered out with their
organizations depend* mainly on the question whether the
Government authorized 01 allowed assurances to that effect
to be given them. The following documents *hovt what
the action otthe War Department lias been at vanou^ ume& : j
[General Ciders. No. lOS.j j
War Department, j
AdJCTA"'* Oi M.RAl/s OrFH R. !
Washington*, .ijinl *38. 1664.
1. Whenever volunteer troops are mu-t«-r«'d out of ser-
vice, tk e entire regiment oi ot/iei oi gumzation will be con-
sidered as mustered < uiat one nine and place, except pris-
oners of war. who will be considered a& in service until
their airival in a loyal State, with an allowance of tune
necessaiy lor them to return to their respective places of
enrollment.
i3y order of the Secretary of War:
E. I) TOWNSCND,
Assistant Jldjutant Genual,
War Department,
Adjutant General's Office,
Washington, September -6, 1862.
Sir: In reply to yoursot the 31st instant, stating the num-
ber of regiments rmsi d and to be raided in jour State, and
also making sugge?tion« in reference to tilling old regi-
ments, I am directed to say that recruits for old regiments
of volunteers for ihree^ear< or duung the wai wii?£e dis-
charged at the expiration of the term tor which the regi-
ment was originally enlisted.
By order ot the Secretary of War:
C. P. BUCKINGHAM,
Brigadier General and Acting Adjutant General.
Ills Excellency Governor Kirkwood, of Iowa.
The following papers relating to enlistments In Massa-
chusetts, and purporting to be copies of the letters called
for from the Secietary of War in House resolution of De-
cember 15, 1864^ vveie referred to the committee:
War Department,
Adjutant General's Office,
Washington, D. C., December Si L 18d3.
Recruits for M<i«sachn?ctt* regiment*, enlisted with con-
ditions that they «h<>uid b': discharged when their regiments
should be mu tcred out of seivice. a-- per General Order
No. 2^, headquarters State of Massachusetts, senes ls6:i
will he permitted to reeulist as veterans under the same
conditions as other men ia the regiments.
This permission is applicable onlv to the men in ques-
tion, and cannot be extended to other States. The author-
ity to enlist men with condition that they should be dis-
charged with their regiments was special and peculiar, and
given only to the Governor of Massachusetts. It nuist be
distinctly understood, however, that the men so enlisting
cannot get the 8100 bounty provided bv section six of the
act of July 2*2, 1801, General Order 4<S} same vear, unless
they serve two vear< under original enlistment.
The loregoing is the deci iou"of the War Department.
THOMAS M. VINCENT,
Assistant Jldjutant General.
Brigadier General S. Williams,
lUtant Adjutant General.
War Department,
Adjutant General's Office,
Washington, D. t., December 22, 1803,
Sir: I am directed by the Secretary of War to inform
you that recruits from Massachusetts let'imeiils, enisled
under provisions of General Order 28. headquarters State
ot Massachusetts, July 23,18u>. will be discharged when
the term of service ot the regiment expires.
All reeruitsso enlisted will be entitled to reeulist as" vet-
eran volunteers to sooa as they have been in the service
two years.
I have the honor to remain, sir, very respectfully, your
obedient servant,
THOMAS M. VINCENT,
Assistant A-ljutajit General.
His Excellency Governor of maisatatsttts, Boston
Massachusetts.
In the letter of the Secretary of War of January 23.1865,
in response to House resolutions of December 15, 1*364,
calling for copies os the above letters, toe followingare cop-
ied from the tiles of the Department:
Washington, July 21, 1862—4.15 p.m.
Governor Andrew, boston:
S on are authorized to pay that new recruits for old rcn-
maun will be mustered with the rcimfnt.
EDWIN M. STA.VfOV,
tseaeuay of War.
S\n foregoing telegram is giv^n as it was written and
r ->i',5?<-d, hut Governor Andrew claimed, and >,o doubt
con«uiy, Jti.tt the word •< out*' wa- designed to follow the *
word « m*st«red," imt had taw* arid \
that he had so understood and acted upon it. This view
has been assented to by the Department, so that it should
read as follow*:
Washington, July 21, 1862—4.13 p. m.
Governor Andrew, Boston:
You are authorized to say that new recruit* for old regi-
ments will be mustered out with the regiment.
EDWIN JV1. STANTON,
Secretary of War*
Apjittant General's Office,
Washington, 1). O., December 23, 1$j4.
Sir: The Secretary of War directs me to inform you
that all men enlisted 111 volunteer organizations from Mas-
sachusetts for the unexpired term of service of regiments,
pursuant to his telegram ot July 21, 1862, will be mustered
out of service and discharged with the icgunents to which
they belong. It is. of couise, unnecessary to add that this
rule is not now in force.
I am, sir. verj respectfully, your obedient servant,
SAMUEL 15RECK,
AnUtunt Adjutant General.
His Excellency John A. Anprfw,
Governor of Massachusetts, Boston.
Two dajs alter the receipt of the telegram of July 21.1862,
as gtv n abov^, tile following geneial order was issued by
the Governor of Ma—a< bluetts, and enlistments into aU
regiments of that State were made accordingly :
[General Orders, No. 28.]
Executive Department,
Boston, Massachusetts, July'2J* lt'G2.
1. Hy authority from the honorable the Secretary of
War. it is hereby declared by the Governor that ad soldiers
wno may enlist in any ot' the regiments of three years'
volunteers will be dischr rj cd win-never their regiments are
mustered outofservice, in the same manner as those >oU
dieis who enlisted at the tiuie when those regiments were
organizei}. ****** **
order of his Excellence,
JOHN A. ANDREW,
Governor and Loininandci-in-Chief.
WILLIAM SCHOULER,
Adjutunt General.
From these documents it is manifest that at least two of
the States were in 1802 expies«.Jy permitted, by authority
of the War Department, to enlist men lor the unexpired
term of regiments then in the field, and the language, both
of the letter to the Governor of Iowa and the telegram to
the Governor of Massachusetts, would create a lair pre-
sumption that the rub* of enlistment was general. There
is nothing in these communications which would lead the
people to suppose that the permission granted was "special
and peculiar, and granted only to the Governor oj Ma^achu-
setts.,,
It is, therefore, not difficult to understand how Govern-
ors, military committees, recruiting officers, and citizens
in other States, were led to suppose that their soldiers would
he enlisted on the same ternis as those from Massachusetts
and Iowa! That they did proceed on that supposition, and
that the ranks of old regiments, thinned by from six to
twelve months of battle and disease, were tilled by volun-
teer* to serve tor the unexpired term of the regiment, and
that, too, when in several States a draft for nine montiis'
men was impending, is bejond question.
In view of thcise facts and considerations the duty of
Congress is plain. The War Department has no authority
to go behind the official record contained in the muster-
roll. The remedy is in Congress. Your committee are
very reluctant to recommend any measure which may tend
to weaken or diminish our armies in the field. It is always
a calamity to lose a veteran soldier from the service, and
the passage of the accompanying resolution will authorize
the discharge ot a considerable number of valuable soldiers
from the ranks; hut your committee, believing it of still
gteater consequence that the Government deal justly and
keep taith with iu faithful soldiers, are not willing that the
petitioners, now on duty m the field,'.hall be compelled to
serve under a contract which they believe to be fraudulent
on the part of the Government.
Your committee, therefore, recommend the passage of the
accompanying joint resolution.
Mr. SCHENCK. We have already acted on
that matter in a separate bill which has gone to
the Senate. I do not think that we can compel the
Senate to act on it any sooner by putting it here.
Mr. HOLMAN. The importance of this is
manifest, and it will have a better chance in this
bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not object.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The Clerk read the third section, as follows:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That in computing
quotas herealter credit shall he given to the several States,
districts, and sub-districts, for all men furnished from them
respecti ve!>, and not heretofore credited during the present
rebellion, tor any period of service ot not less than three
months, calculating the immber of davs for which such
service wa* furnished, and reducing the same to years:
Provided, That such credits shall not be applied to thecal!
lor additional troops made by tile President on the 21s.tday
of December. l&H.
Mr. noble. I move to strike out the pro-
viso, for the simple reason timtjt will only do cx-
4ct justice to those States which hat« furnished
a large amount of service in 1KG4. I trust there
is on the part of the House a disposition to do
justice to those States which •furnished this ser-
vice. 1 will say that the State of Ohio furnished
in 1864 thirty-six thousand men for one hundred
days. Those men were really taken from their
employment for almost a whole year. They did
not return within the one hundred days, nor were
they immediately mustered ill after the call. They
were taken mostly from the agricultural districts
during the very period of the' year when they
could be employed in their particular vocation.
I think that we should have credit for those men.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will state why that pro-
viso was inserted and why the Committee 011 Mil-
itary Affairs have thought it best to insert it as a
part of this section. The whole section is to cover
precisely the cases referred to by my colleague.
Since the commencement of this war a great
many troups have been furnished for periods
of three months; and duiing the last summer
something near sixty thousand troops were fur-
nished by diifVrent States for the period of one
hundred days. It seems to me that 110 man tgn
overestimate, in their effect upon the war, and
upon the campaign of the last season, the services
rendered by those troops. The people and sol-
diers of those States responded to the call made
upon them, and made their arrangements to fur-
nish those hundred days' troops. Like my col-
league who makes this motion, I am proud, at
any rate, of the share Ohio took 111 that matter.
Finding that in the campaign of last summer
Grant absolutely required to be reenforced by the
tioops that were scattered along our railroads as
guards, and that were garrisoning the different
fortifications of the country, it become necessary
to know how upon a sudden, without waiting
for a draft, or the slow process of recrnitmg, a
body of men could be obtained to put into gar-
risons and on guard in the place of those old
troops. In this contingency the Governors of
Ohio, Illinois, Iowa, Indiana,ami Michigan tend-
ered to the Government eighty thousand men.
The share of Ohio was to be thirty thousand.
Within about fourteen days Ohio furnished not
only thirty thousand, but,owing to the organized
state of her militia, she furnished thirty-six thou-
sand, being nearly forty full regiments. Ail the
other States, behindhand in their militia organi-
zations, finally succeeded 111 getting and furnishing
twenty-six thousand troops. The eighty thou-
sand were never furnished; but out of the sixty
thousand Ohio gave upward of thirty-six thou-
sand. Nobody can appreciate justly the value
of the services of those men. They not only
guarded our railroads and garrisoned our fortifi-
cations, but many of them asked to be sent to the
field. Many of them did go, and they fell upon
the field, were taken prisoners, and many of them
are now lingering in southern prisons. They
did what other soldiers did. The anival of the
first seventeen thousand from Ohio released forty-
two thousand veteran troops around this city, who
hurried to the relief and reenforcement of'Grant.
But the difficulty of this matter is here, in the
first place there was all absolute agreement, when
these troops were furnished, that they should not
be credited upon any call. Now the Committee
011 Military Affairs, looking back upon the sub-
ject, "and upon the efficiency of those troops and
upon what services they performed, thought that
the States should not be held to a striet fulfillment
of the agreement, but that they ought to.have
credit foe those troops, calculating the number of
days for which such service was rendered, and
reducing the same to years. But while the com-
mittee propose to give credit for such troops who
have served over a hundred days, they have
thought proper to provide that they shall not be
credited upon the draft nowgoingon,for the rea-
son that it would interfere with all the arrange-
ments which have been made for this draft.
Mr. NOBLE, is it not true that the people
of Ohio and the other States who furnished these
troops had no knowledge of any such arrange-
ment as that spoken of by the gentleman from
Ohio; and is it not true that the knowledge never
came to the minds of the people until this winter?
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 knew it, and it was pub-
lished in the papers at the time. Such an agree-
ment was made, but the people were not a party
to it, except through their Governors. I thilift
With my tdeud from Ohio, toy colleague, that
