1080
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
United States for the judicial district In wbich the delin-
quent is liable to enrollment.
Mr. Speaker, this amendment is offered with the
concurrence of the Committee on Military Affairs,
and it is to carry out what I presume they in-
tended by the firstsection. This, I think, isina
more acceptable form. My objection to the first
section was that it compelled every person to re-
port to the enrolling officer under rigiil rules;
and in the second place it directed that no notice
should be given to tlie persons not enrolled. This
provides that the provost marshal shall, thirty
days before the time fixed for the draft, post in
three public places lists of those enrolled, so as to
give notice to persons in the enrollment districts
whether they are or are not enrolled, and that
then, on such publication, it shall be the duty of
every person not enrolled to report in person, and
in case of willful neglect to do so within twenty
days, he shall be guilty of a misdemeanor. It
seems to me that this protects the citizens on the
one hand, while on the other hand it protects the
Government.
Mr. THAYER. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. It contains the very principle which has
been already emphatically condemned by the
House—a principle which I undertake to say
would be moie obnoxious to the people of this
country than any provision contained in the en-
rollment law.
Sir, there are many things- a man will submit
to be done to him which he does not like to do
to himself. I cannot conceive of any proposition
which would be more unpopular or dissatisfac-
tory, or which would make the present enroll-
ment law more distasteful to the people, than that
principle which this House has already con-
demned, and which the committee sought to in-
corporate into the law, namely, the principle that
every man shall be com pelled to go to the enroll-
ing officer and report himself as liable to enroll-
ment. I see no material difference between what
was proposed by the Military Committee and what
is now proposed by the gentleman from Delaware.
It simply postpones the duty, which by the sec-
tion as originally reported was imposed upon the
party, to a later period of time. The principle
itself is there; the very principle which this House
condemned, and which only postpones the obli-
gation which was sought to be imposed until after
the enrolling officer shall have made this publi-
cation.
There is no public necessity which requires us
to ingraft upon this law any feature which will
make it more offensive to the people than it is al-
ready. It is at all events.and under any circum-
stances a bitter law, a law which nothing but the
exigency of public affairs would sanction.
Let us not push the provisions of that law one
jot further than the necessities of the case require.
Let us strive to soften, if it be possible, its features
so long as we may preserve its efficiency. I believe
that no public necessity exists for the addition
to that feature which is now proposed. I know
of no district in which any considerable num-
bers of people have escaped the vigilant eyes of the
enrolling officer. I have heard of no district in
which any such complaints exists. These offi-
cers have discharged their duties everywhere, so
far as I know or have been able to learn, with
great thoroughness and great fidelity. There has
been no complaint I ever heard of that these offi-
cers have passed over those who are liable to
military service; and there is therefore no neces-
sity for that stringent feature which is now at-
tempted to be ingrafted on this law, and which
will make it odious in the eyes of the people.
Mr. PRICE. 1 move toamend the amendment
bystrHring out "thirty"and inserting " twenty-
mne." 1 move the amendment for the purpose of
enabling me to correct a wrong impression which
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Thayer]
evidently labors under. Now, sir, it is well known
to every gentleman in this House that there are
persons who attempt to evade the draft. There
are persons iri almost every election precinct in
every loyal State of the Union who by every dis-
honorable means endeavor to evade it. That they
do evade it is a matter of fact and of history; and
the amendment offered by the gentleman fiorri
Delaware seeks to remedy this evil, but in boiiie
legitimate and fair manner. If itis made the duty
of the provost marshal to place the lists of each
sub-district, township, and election precinct where
the parties interested can have an opportunity to
examine them, they can learn whether their names
are.011 the lists; and if they are honest men, and
their names are not on the lists, they will report
themselves to the provost marshal. And now
objection to that is made by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, and with worse grace than from
almost any other State. No voter in the State of
Pennsylvania can exercise the elective franchise
unless his name be on a list furnished by the com-
missioner of the county a certain number of days
before the election.
Mr. THAYER. I have been a voter a great
many years in Pennsylvania, and I know of no
law which declares that a man shall not vote
whose name is not upon such a list. On the con-
trary, the daily practice is for persons to vote
whose names are not on the list, provided they
have the proof that they possess the necessary
qualifications.
Mr. PRICE. If the gentleman had heard me
through he would have ascertained that I know
something of the laws of Pennsylvania, and that
I would do neither him nor his State any injus-
tice. I have no intention of disparaging the gen-
tleman or his State; but I merelywished to state
that the same rules prevail there in relation to the
elective franchise, as nearly as fcjhey can be made
to apply, as are sought to be applied to the draft
by the gentleman from Delaware. If the voter's
name is not returned by the county commissioner
a certain number of days before election, it is
made the duty of the elector to place his name
upon the list, and if he fails to do that he cannot
vote.
Mr. THAYER. There is no such law in Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. PRICE. He cannot vote at the election
unless he proves his residence in the district by a
resident of the district. Such was the law in
Pennsylvania when I lived and voted there, and I
think it is the law now.
No injustice will be done to any class by this
amendment. If a man does not wish to avoid
the draft, and he is an honest and honorable
citizen, if he fi'nds that his name is not upon the
list of persons subject to draft, he will have it
placed there. But if he willfully and deliberately
attempts to defraud the Government of the proper
use of his name, a penalty should be inflicted
upon him for the purpose of protecting honest
and honorable men who have their names upon
the lists. It is the intention of the amendment
to protect the honorable, the fair-minded, and the
patriotic citizens of the country, against the dis-
honorable, the unpatriotic, and the traitorous
members of the country.
Mr. STEVENS. Does the gentleman suppose
that the names are put upon the list by the citi-
zens themselves? Are they not enrolled in the
ordinary way?
Mr. PRICE. By the amendment it is made
the duty of every man who, upon examining the
lists, finds his name is not there, to go and make
return of it to the provost marshal. If he does
not do that, the penalty of the law should be in-
flicted upon him.
This is no mere theory, sir. It is a matter of
fact and history. The experience of the last four
years has proved, to demonstration, that there
are men who shirk the draft, and hy every means
in their power seek to evade it, making the loyal
and patriotic part of the community bear the bur-
den which they themselves should share. I hope
the amendment of the gentleman from Delaware
will prevail, and that this burden will fall alike on
all men, whether they are willing to bear it or not.
I withdraw the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to close debate on
the section and on all amendments thereto.
The motion was agreed to.
The question was taken on Mr. Smitheus's
amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend the fourth
section by striking out the words "and whose
father is subject to enrollment and draft;" so that
the section will read:
Sue. A. Jirul be it furlker enacted, That no person of for-
eign hirtti who has resided in the United States for three
years preceding his arriving atfhe age of twenty-one ycai «,
shall be exempt fiom emollment awl uiaft oil account of
being an alien, but shall be subject thereto.
In offciing this amendment, Mr. Speaker, I am
enabled to explain the object of this section, and
at the same time to show that the amendment
which I propose is consistent with that object.
By the present enrollment law all persons who
have declared their intention to heeorw citizens
are made liable to enrollment and draft. They
are considered as owing allegiance to the Gov-
ernment. They are considered as coming uifror
the principle of that decision which made the
difficulty in the Koszta case—as having so far
broken off their character of aliens and come with-
in the character of American citizens as to be liable
to be called for to assist in defending the coun-
try. That principle being settled by the statute
covering the subject of enrollment and. draft, itis
proposed now by the amendment to extend it to
aclassof persons who stand in jjreciscly the same
relation to the Government. A minor who has
heen in the country for three years next before
arriving at the age of twenty-one is held to occupy
the same relation to the Government on the ques-
tion of citizenship as t]p foreigner who has de-
clared his intention to become a citizen, for after
two years more he can become naturalized with-
out any previous declaration of intention. Itis
proposed, therefore, that while you make liable
to enrollment and draft those aliens who have
.declared theirin-tention, you shall extend thesame
rule to those who, having resided here three years
before attaining the age of twenty-one years, have
done that which is equivalent to a declaration of
intention. It is an amendment which will greatly
benefit the State of Wisconsin and several other
of the northwestern States, by bringing a class of
persons within the enrollment act who now evade
the draft, while enjoying all the privileges ofciti-
zenship, even to voting, in those States.
Mr. KERNAN. Will thegentJeman from Ohio
permit me to ask him a question ?
Mr. SCHENCK. Certainly, sir.
Mr. KERNAN. Can you compel an alien who
has lived here three years to serve in the Army?
Mr. SCHENCK. We are doing it now.
Mr. KERNAN. I have seen instances where
such persons have been discharged by the courts.
What is the practice?
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman "will recol-
lect the angry correspondence that took place
with the Government of Austria in reference to
the Koszta case. He had declared his intention,
and it was held to be consistent with international
law that we should treat, as entitled to all the pro-
tection of citizens, those who had declared their
intention to become citizens. Thatbeingthecase,
the Government has gone further, and has already
extended to that class of people the obligation of
serving in the Army. This amendment is carry-
ing out the principle. I do not say that I ever
agreed to the principle originally.
Mr. KERNAN. There is this difference in
the two cases, that^here the one has signified
his intention to become a citizen, the other may
have had no such desire.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 suppose the gentleman
means to put his objection on the ground that,
being minors, such persons are incapable of de-
claring their intentions on any subject.
Mr. KERNAN. No, no; I do not.
Mr. SCHENCK. If the-gentleman does not
make that technical objection, then I hold that
they come within the scope of the laws of the
United States, which treat them as doing that
which is equivalent to declaring their intention
to become citizens, if they are here for the three
years next preceding the age of twenty-one years.
Mr. KERNAN. A man who declares his in-
tention to become a citizen, as soon as he can do
so under the law, has elected to throw off all alle-
giance to his former Government and to become
a citizen of our country. But a man who comes
here and lives three years, and has never signified
Kany intention to throw off his former allegiance
and become a subject of our Government, is in a
vei*ji diftVrent condition.
Mk SCHENCK. i think t^e gentleman does
not understand my proposition. This hill does
not propose to hold every man subject to draft
who has been here three years as an alien, but
only those who have resided here for three years
next preceding becoming twenty-one years of age;
which, by our law, is held to be equivalent to a
declaration of intention to become a citizen of this
country.
Mr.'KERNAN. Suppose the father comes
here and the son lives with him for three years
