1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
before.hs is twenty-one; the son may not wish to
become a citizen and does not intend to throw off
his allegiance to the Government of the country in
which he was born. Can we justly compel that
8Qt> to serve in our military service the same as
though he had declared his intention to become a
cilieii ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. The argu-
ment in favor of holding a man liable to draft be-
cause he has been in this country for three years
prior to his becoming twenty-one years of age
seems to me to be very unreasonable. Why not
hold a man liable who has been in the country for
three years after he was twenty-one years of age ?
Why seize upon the party who has been in the
country contrary to his own will, and because his
father brought him herejtand make him liable to
the draft? Why take a man who has done no
act and taken no step to throw off his allegiance
to his native country and to take upon himself al-
legiance to this as his adopt^fl country? It makes
responsible and liable to draft a party who has no
will of his own, one who was under twenty-one
years of age when brought into this country,
merely because he has lived here three years
before he arrived at the age of twenty-one years.
And if you do that, why notextend the provision
'to the man who, without declaring his intentions,
has been in this country for three years after he
was twenty-one years of age? If you can do
the one rightfully you can just as well do the
other.
This proposition is based upon the fact that a
man who has been in the country for three years
before he is twenty-on,e years of age, is permitted,
under our present statutes, when he has remained
here two years after he has become twenty-one
years ol^ to go into court, declare his intention
to become a citizen, and at once become natural-
ized and be made a citizen of the United States.
But even he must have been here five years alto-
gether before he makes his declaration of inten-
tion and becomes a citizen. This proposes to
hold the party as doing an act, when in contem-
plation of law he is unable and has not the will
to do it. It would be operating manifest injustice
upon the class of persons whom itis thus proposed
to make subject to a draft.
And more than that, it would be going beyond
our power, and would most piobaly involve us in
difficulties with foreign Powers. We have no
right to seize upon foreigners, whether minors or
adults, whether underthe age of twenty-one years
or above it, unless they have in some way signi-
fied their intention to throw off their allegiance to
their native country, and to take upon themselves
the obligations of allegiance to this Government.
The mere lapse of time cannot raise a presump-
tion as to what a man intends to do in regard to
his citizenship. The statute as it stands merely
extends to parties a privilege of which they may
avail themselves if they see proper to do so. We
have no right, because the statute has extended
this privilege to them, to assume that it is made
compulsory upon them to assume the obligations
of citizenship.
Mr.CHANLER. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last words "and draft."
Mr. SCHENCK. I raise a point of order. I
have moved to strike out certain words in this
section. Is it in order to move as an amendment to
my motion, to strike out a portion only of what
I propose to strike out?
The SPEAKER. It is in the nature of an
amendment to an amendment, and is in order.
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well. 1 will only
say that I think the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Chanler] has already made six ten-minute
speeches, and he only threatened us with an
hour's speech at first.
Mr. CHANLER. That is but another speci-
men of the small bullying which is"characteristic
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck.]
This effort on thejDart of that gentleman to cramp
debate is evidently merely for the purpose of
gratifying his own peculiar way of wriggling out
of a difficulty, and shows remarkable ingenuity,
perhaps, but very little moral courage.
This section is, probably, beyond all others,
the most positive proof of the utter failure of this
system as a means of enrolling and calling out the
armies of the United States. Is there anything
that could show a stronger conviction of the utter
unwillingness of the American citizen to fight for
the institutions of his country and to die for the
cause in which he has so often and so well fought,
as to go forth throughout the length and breadth '
of the land to capture minors who are not yet
citizens, not yet entitled, under the law of this
country, to bear the burdens and discharge the
duties ofcitizenship; men who, as has been shown
by my colleague [Mr. ICernan] and thegehtleman
frqm Pennsylvania, [Mr. Johnson,] owe alle-
giance elsewhere? By the system which you have
inaugurated, you have, under the plea of " neces-
sity," exhausted all the elements which should
form a strong and patriotic Army. You have
sought the slave as a substitute for the soldier.^
By degrading the position of the soldier you have
failed to fill the armies by enlisting the citizens of
the country. And it is now proposed to seize
upon those who, from political necessity or the
spirit of enterprise, have come from foreign lands
to seek the shelter of our flag and Constitution,
embracing the invitation which we ourselves have
extended. This is a mosteffective way of writing
down the American citizen as afraid to meet the
dangers which surround his country at this epoch.
Let this Government rely upon the constitu-
tional provisions for the raising of our armies and
the calling out of the citizens by the States, and
we shall need no such provisions as these. Let
the Government rely upon "the spirit of the peo-
ple; let it rely upon the volunteers of the country.
We have relied upon them heretofore. The
armies'in the field to-day embrace many veterans
who rushed to the front to serve the country. The
heroes of General Sherman's army are not the
conscripts; they are not the emancipated slaves;
they are not the aliens, whom gentlemen would
hereafter draft to form into an army for the carry-
ing out of tyrannical purposes. No, sir, the vic-
tories won at the South are won by American
citizens who have voluntarily, from motives of
patriotism,gone into the service. They are not
hirelings from every quarter of the globe, brought
here by the captivating bounties which this sys-
tem of draft has caused to be offered. They are
not the miserable wretches who, having fled
from slavery, have found a refuge beneath the flag
of the United States because they wear the uni-
form of soldiers. No, sir, they are the men who
have remained in the field, and, spite of trials
and discomforts, have fought their way through
to victory. They demand from us proper com-
panions in the conflict. They demand from us a
proper estimate of theirserviees and theirvirtues.
Let us no longer depreciate the American soldier
to that contemptible standard to which all systems
like the draft must reduce him. The Constitution
of our country, the character of our people, the
whole tenor of our institutions are m favor of that
system by which the citizen brings his free-will
offerings to the temple of liberty. Yetgentlemen
in this House seek to pervert that principle and
set at naught the Constitution by advocating
measures like this.
Sir, the military necessity under which this
system of draft began has ceased; but the neces-
sities of trade still exist. Stop the trade of your
generals in the field in cotton; prevent them from
falling victims to the sweet influence of sugar;
stop their yearnings to finger the glittering metal
as it gleams upon them through the open door
of a fire-proof safe; teach them that to covet is
crime. Sir, rely upon the people. Rely upon
the military character which they have shown in
the past. You cannot get by importation better
soldiers than the natives of your own soil. Do
not go begging from country to country to fill up
the ranks of American armies. Do not rely upon
the "American citizen of African descent;" but
rely upon the white citizen, the man whose hopes
and aspirations are all wrapped up in the liberty
and glory of his country and the maintenance of
his flag.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. Is it in
order to move to strike out the section?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I make
that motion.
The SPEAKER. The motion will be reserved
till the amendments designed to perfect the sec-
tion have been acted upon.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to close debate
*upon the suction and pending amendments.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr.CHANLER. 1 withdraw my amendment
to the amendment".
The amendment of Mr. Schenck was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move further to amend •
by inserting before the word " preceding," in the"
third line, the word " next."
The amendment was agreed to.
The question then recurred upon.the motion of
Mr. Johnson, of Pennsylvania, to strike out the
section.
Mr. ANCONA demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 50, nays 81, not voting 51; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. J ames C. Allen, Ancona, Augustus C.
Baldwin, Chanler, Clay, Cofiroth, Cox, Dawson, Denison,
Eden, Eiigerton, Eldridae, English, Fmek, Ganson, Charles
M. Harris, Herrick, Philip Johnson, Kaibfieiscli, Kernair,
King, Knapp, Law, Lazear, Le Blond, Long, Mrtilory,
iVIarcy, MeKinuey, «Wilham H. Miller, Nelson, Noble,
JohnO'Neill, Peiry, i'ruyn, Radford, Samuel J. Randall,
Ross, Scott, John B.Steele, Stiles, Strouse,Stuart,Thomas,
Townsend,Voorliees, Wadsworth, Joseph W. VVlute,Win-
field, and Fernando Wood—50.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Bally, John D. Baldwin,
Baxter, Boutwell, Boyd, Brandegee, Broomall, Ambrose W*.
Clark, Cobb, Cole, Cravens, Henry Winter Davis, Thomas
T. Davis, Dawes, Deming, Donnelly, Driggs, Dumorit,
Ecklev, Eliot, Farnsworth, Frank, Garfield, Gooch, Gnu-
nell, Higby, Holman, Hooper, Asaliel W. Uubtmrd, John
fl, Hubbaid, Hulburd, Jenekes, Kellev, Orlando Kellogg,
Knox, Littlejohn, Loan, Longyear, Marvin, McAllister,
McBiide, McClurg, Samuel F. Miller, Moorliead, Morrill,
Duniel Morris, Morrison, Amos Myers, Leonard Myers,
Norton, Charles O'Neill, Orth, Perham, PomeroV, Price,
Alexander H. Kice. Edward H. Rollins, James S.'Rollins,
Schenck, Scofield, Sloan, Smith, Smitliers, Starr, Stevens,
Thayer, Traey, Upson, Van Valkenburgh, Elihu 13. Wasii-
burne, William B. Wasllhurn, Webster, Wllaley, Williams,
Wilder, Wilson, Woodhridgc, Worthington, and Yeamaa
—81.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. William J. Allen, Alley, An-
derson, Arnold, Ashley, Beaman, Blaine, Blair, Bliss,
Blow, Biooks, James 8. Brown, William G. Brown, Free-
man Clarke, Creswell, Dixon, Gridcr, Grtswold, Hale,
Hall, Harding, Harrington, BenjaminG. Harris, flotcllkiss,
liutchius, Ingersoll, Wilham Johnson, Julian, Kasson,
Francis W. Kellogg, McDowell, Mcindoe, Middleton,
James R Morris, Odell, Patterson, Pendleton, Pike, Wil-
liam H. Randall, John II. Rice, Robinson, Rogers, Shan-
non, Spalding, William G.Steele, Sweat, Ward, Wheeler,
Chilton A. White, Windoin, and Benjamin Woo4—51.
So the House refused to strike out the section.
The third section was read, as follows:
And be it further enacted, That hereafter, in every case
of actual desertion by a substitute, if such person so desert-
ing shall have been, since the passage of this act, mustered
into the service as a substitute for a peison liable to draft
and not actually drafted, the name of such person so liable
to draft, and who furnished such substitute, shall bea«"am
placed upon the list, and he shall be liable to be drafted for
the unexpired lertn of service of such substitute so desert-
ing. And if such substitute, so deserting, shall have been,
since the passage of this act, mustered into the service as
a substitute for a person actually drafted, then the Provost
Marshal General bhall direct the provost marshal of the
proper district immediately to notity the person who fur-
nished such substitute that he is held to service in the'place
of such Mibsuiute for the unexpired term of las service,
and he shall stand in the same relation and be subject to
the same liability that he was after he was drafted and
before he furnished such substitute. And it is hereafter
made the duty of the Provost Marshal General to cause to
be charged to the several wards, townships, precincts, or
other enrollment sub-districts, and added to tlieir several
quotas, the number of desertions of persons who have been
furnished by such wards, townships, precincts, or other
sub-districts, in the filling of their several quotas oftioops.
But nothing in this section shall be construed to relieve any
soldier guilty of desertion from trial, conviction, or punish-
ment foi his crime: Pro rifled, neveitheleis, Thai it shall
be lawful for the person, district, or corporation that shall
have pllt ill such substitute, to airest the deserter, or cause
him to be arrested and returned to his proper company, or
to some officer designated by the Provost Marshal General,
without cost to the Government; and upon his being so
returned to seivice, and leinauung therein until the expira-
tion of his tetm, the principal shall be leheved from other
liability for his seivice.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I move
to amend by striking out the last word. I desire
to inquire of the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs what necessity of the militaiy
service requires the insertion of this section ?
I desire to look at the equity of the section.
Let me suppose a case. Suppose I am drafted,
and in good faith, in the interest of the Govern-
ment, furnish a substitute for which I have either
topaymoneyorinvolvemyselfin debt. Of course
the Government takes charge of that substitute—
I have by no possibility any chargeofhis person;
and yet if he is induced to desert, by no fault of
mine, the Governmentcomes back on me. Then
I will have to go in his place although I have had
no charge of the substitute and no control over
him from the moment that he was accepted and
mustered into the service of the United States.
