1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
315
the opinions of the Supreme Court since the war
commenced he will find that there is hardly a judge
upon the tribunal who has not gone to that ex-
tent—not one. Whether a particular act was
right or not will be decided hereafter when the
question arises. There are some acts which the
President may have perpetrated—I do not know
that there are any such—which will not be pro-
tected by any legislation in the nature of indem-
nity which Congress may subsequently have
adopted; but they are only such acts as Congress
themselves could not have authorized.
The honorable member says that the President
has no right to create a state of war. Suppose
England invades the United States and the Presi-
dent meets her at the threshold, calls aroundhim
all the military force that he can have, and lights
battles: will the honorable member say that the
President had no right to do so, that all his acts
were void; that he has committed murder, because
there could be no war legitimately existing in the
United States, and no authority in him to carry
on a war or to kill upon the battle-field, without
an antecedent act of Congress declaring that a
state of war existed ? I am sure he would not;
and yot construe the Constitution by its words
and you would suppose that a state of war cannot
exist as between the United States and any for-
eign Government until Congress shall declare it.
Those words are to be taken with a qualification.
War is an existing fact. Does it exist, or does
itnotexist? England has the same right to make
war that we have; and if England, either whon
Congress is in session or in the recess, thinks
proper to commit an act of hostility as against the
United States, it is not only the President's right,
but his duty to meet it, and the conflict becomes
war, not by virtue of any declaration of war on
the part of Congress, but by virtue of the fact;
and if ray friend will read the decision of the ma-
jority of the court in the prize cases, he will find
that that doctrine is recognized throughout. The
court say that they cannot shut their eyes to the
actual condition of the country before Congress
passed its act of the 13th of July, 1861; they can-
not close their eyes to the fact that eight or ten or
more States had claimed the power of going out
of the Union, had organized a separate govern-
ment, and were arraying within their own bor-
ders large armies and meeting the armies of the
United States upon the battle-field. That creates
war, whether Congress says that war exists or
whether Congress should say that war did not
exist. That is what the Supreme Court have
said.
Kut it has nothing, perhaps, to do with the par-
ticular question before the Senate now. The
question is, whether the Executive, who is the
solo representative of the United States as between
the United States and foreign Governments, hav-
ing given a notice which he had no right to give
under the Constitution of the United States, but
which we are willing to take advantage of, may
not, as between him and ourselves, be set right
by our passing this resolution which says that
that notice is to be just as effective and operative,
and considered as having been given under pre-
cisely the same authority that it would have if,
instead of pausing the resolution now, we had
passed it before the 23d of November, and author-
ized him to give the notice.
Mr. WILSON. When the President gave this
notice the condition of the country was such that
1 have no doubt he fult it to be a high public duty.
As it has been given, it is now proposed to ratify
it, and I shall vote to ratify it; but if it were an
original question to-day, with the lights I have,
I would not vote for it. I see that this resolution
talks about the establishment of one or more navy-
yards on the lakes.
Mr. SUMNER. Oh, no.
Mr. WILSON. 1 beg your pardon. Ifindin
the preamble to the resolution these words:
And wherea* the v,i>i interests of commerce upon the
northwestern waters, and tiro security of cities and towns
situated on their American bordeis, manifestly require tiie
establishment ot one or more navy-yards wherein slups may
he htted and pit pared lor naval warfare.
That is tiie House proposition. I expect this
resolution to pass, and I suppose we are to have
a call for tiie establishment of several navy-yaids,
and then a large number of fortifications, and
millions and tens of millions of dollars are to
follow the passage of this resolution. I do not
believe there is need of any of it.
At the time this notice was given, the condition
of affairs on the frontiers of Canada was very bad.
The condition of the country to-day, the change
in public sentiment there, all satisfy me that there
is no need of any of this great expenditure nor
this great anxiety. But the President of the Uni-
ted States has given the notice; it has been ac-
cepted; it is thought here that Ve ought to ratify
it as far as Congress is concerned; and therefore
I shall vote for it. But, sir, I warn Senators
against what ve are to have hereafter, and that is,
a raid on the Treasury of the United States for
vast expenditures of money along these inland
seas. That I do not believe is necessary. If the
time shall come when there is to be a war between
us and Canada, X believe our people will flock over
the lines everywhere, and that all opposition there
will be brushed away in a few hours. Believing
that, I must confess I do not see the wisdom of
doing what I see is expressed in the House reso-
lution, and what 1 know is to come, that we are
to have calls here for a large number of navy-
yards and heavy expenditures on the inland seas
of the country.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I shall not vote for this
joint resolution, and my action will be founded on
this consideration: while we are in our own do-
mestic difficulties, 1 do not intend to give any vote
in this body which may be misconstrued by for-
eign nations. I am one of those who believe
that foreign nations have treated us in our present
troubles with great consideration; that they have
not been unjust to us. I regretted to see an amend-
ment adopted the other day to the consular and
diplomatic appropriation bill inserting the words
"republic of" before "Mexico," because I
thought 1 saw that that might lead to disastrous
consequences. We know that the Government of
Great Britain has been accused by the press of the
country with being unkind to us and with dealing
harshly by us; we know that the Government of
France has also been charged by the public press,
and by some American statesmen, with b'eingun-
kind to us; but give this notice, and how will it be
interpreted? It is said that there are persons in
this country who desire a foreign war. However
much I regret the present deplorable civil war, in
my place in the Senate of the United States I cannot
give any vote or utter any word that shall be a
pretext to any foreign nation of having just quar-
rel, or supposed just quarrel, with us. For these
reasons 1 bliall vote against this joint resolution.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, a state of war is
a state of active strife between two nations. There
is but one power in the United States that can
legitimately change our condition of peace toward
other Powers, and that is Congress. Congress
is the only power to declare war. What do these
gentlemen propose to do? They propose to take
up a wholly invalid act of the President, and to
give it validity and effect by this ratification.
What is that act? It is to terminate a treaty
which is to be terminated, not by the President,
but by the United States, by the express terms of
the treaty itself. 1 hold that is as much within
the power and competence of the President, to
change the condition of our country from a state
of peace to a state of war with England, as it is
for him to terminate a treaty with England, winch,
by its terms, is to be terminated by the United
States, and which necessarily involves the power
of the termination of that treaty by the act of the
Congress of the United States, both the legislative
ami the war-making power.
I admit that one nation may make a war upon
another; England may make war upon us, and
if she does so a state of war exists between the
United States and Great Britain; but that is an
evasion of the question. The question is this:
what authority in the Government of the United
States can change our condition of peace with
Great Britain or with any Power to a state of
war? The President is not the power. The only
power that can legitimately change the relation of
peace on the part of the United States toward
England, so far as the United States is concerned,
is Congress.
Now, sir, in relation to this treaty by analogy:
the treaty may be terminated by either of the par-
ties. The question arises, how is it to be term-
inated by tiie United States? Not by the act of
the President. Until my honorable friend from
Maryland suggested his doubt oil the subject 1
Uhought it was conceded universally that the act of
the President to terminate this treaty was wholly
invalid, that it would have no effect,no operation,
whatever, until it was adopted by Congress; it
then would become the act of Congress, but, as I
maintain, from the time that Congress did the act,
and not from the time that the President attempted
to perform it. It seems to me it would be justaa
legitimate and operative for the President to de-
cide a case which ought to be decided by the Su-
preme Court, and then for the Supreme Court, by
its mandate or judgment adopting the decision
which the President had given in the case, to en-
deavor to give validity and effect to that decision
from the time the President had so decided it, aa
it would be to terminate this treaty by attempting
to ratify and confirm a void, illegal, unconstitu-
tional, and unauthorized act of the President.
Mr. FARWELL. I agree entirely with the
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] upon
this subject, and I regret exceedingly that the
Committee on Foreign Relations, instead of re-
porting this resolution, did not bring in a resolu-
tion asking the President of the United States to
invite England to renew this clause of the treaty
which it is proposed to terminate. It has not
been the policy of this Government to have large
naval establishments; and I hold that it is not
good policy to introduce or inaugurate measures
that shall oblige us to keep up a large naval es-
tablishment upon the lakes.
What is our condition upon the lakes? We
own almost the entire commerce of the lakes.
We have a vast number of steamers which could
be fitted almost in a day into effective war ves-
sels. England has but few there. To be sure,
it will be argued that England has the Welland
canal through which she can bring up her gun-
boats into the lakes; but with our vast military
superiority on the land, and England being obliged
to transport her soldiers some three thousand
miles across the ocean, except what little force
she has in Canada, would Senators fear any gun-
boats coming through the Welland canal ? How
long do you think it would be afteracloudof war
with England should appear before we should
have possession of the Welland canal, before we
should be able to block up the Welland canal,
and prevent any vessels passing through it from
the ocean into the lakes ? I should have no fear
at all on that score.
I think, as the Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Wilson] has said, that this measure will
result in great drafts upon the Treasury to build
unnecessary, useless vessels upon the lakes that
are more likely to involve us in trouble with
Great Britain than to do us any good; but as the
notice has been given, I shall vote to ratify that
notice, although I doubt very much (and I ob-
served carefully that the honorable Senator from
Maryland expressed no opinion on that point,
but rather on the other hand expressed a doubt)
whether it is necessary to ratify this notice. The
Constitution provides that the President shall
make treaties, providing two thirds of the Senate
concur; and the same clause in the Constitution
provides that he shall appoint foreign ministers
and other officers. It does not say that he shall
not remove them without the consent of the Sen-
ate. It requires their consent for their appoint-
ment; but the practice always has been, and I
believe nobody doubts the right of the President
to remove foreign ministers or other officers with-
out consulting the Senate upon the subject. I
believe, and if the honorable Senator from Mary-
land had gone far enough to state an opinion on
that subject 1 think he would say, that the Pres-
ident has the right to terminate any treaty which
by the treaty itself may be terminated upon giv-
ing notice. However this may be, I propose to
vote at this stage for the ratification of the act of
the President, and only say that I hope the Pres-
ident will institute proceedings or a commission
with Great Britain to renew this article at an early
day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) The question is, Shall the amend-
ment be engrossed, and the joint resolution read
a third time?
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed,
and the joint resolution to be read a third time.
It was read the third time, and passed; and its title
was amended so as to read: "A joint resolution
to terminate the treaty of 1817, regulating the
naval force on the lakes."
