1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
^lf
shall pay less, and those of Urge capacity more licenses,
than under exisiiiig laws.
COUKTS IN NEVADA.
Mr. "WILSON. 1 ask the unanimousconsent
of the House to report from the Committee on
the Judiciary bill of the House No. 640,provid-
ing for a district and circuit court of the United
States for the District of Nevada, and for other
purposes, with an amendment in the nature of
a substitute.
No objection was made, and the report was
received, and the substitute read.
Mr. GANSON. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] why he gives
a salary of $5,000 to this judge, when, in the old
States, they only get $2,500 or $3,000?
Mr.WILSON. I will state thattheCommittee
on the Judiciary, from the representations made
by the gentleman from Nevada, [Mr. Wortiung-
ton,] and other persons, were induced to believe
that, with the present cost of living in Nevada, a
judge there could hardly support himself on a less
amount than $5,000. Whether a provision ought
not to be made by which the salary may be re-
duced in the future, I am not prepared to say. I
believe that the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Washburne] intends to offer an amendment to
that effect.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There may
be something in the views which the gentleman
from Iowa presents. I suppose that Nevada is
the most expensive Territory that we have at
present and that the cost of living there is im-
mense. I think, however, that a salary of §5,000
is too much even at present, but I will concede
that provided the gentleman from Iowa will con-
sent that after 1867 the salary of this judge shall
be $3,500 and no more.
Mr. GANSON. Can the salary be reduced,
under the Constitution, during the term of office?
Mr, WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There can
be no objection to fixing it as this bill fixes it.
We can fix the salary at §5,000 for the present,
and say that it shall be diminished after a certain
time. My amendment is to add to section six of
the substitute the following proviso:
Provided, That after the 1st day of Januarv, 1807, the
annual salary of the said judge shall be .§3,500, and no
nioie.
Mr. IvERNAN. The object of the provision
of the Constitution, I presume, wdsto make the
judges independent of Congress as to their com-
pensation; but if we can say that their compen-
sation shall be so much now but shall be reduced
at our pleasure, tliey will hold their salaries at
our pleasure.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. This amend-
ment does not reduce their salaries, it merely fixes
them.
Mr. KERNAN. I understand that, but if we
can fix the salary of the judge in this constitu-
tional way, we can say that he shall have a com-
pensation of $5,000 until such time as we change
his salary and put every judge in the position
that we shall have the right in the future either
to continue the old salary or to reduce his salary
at our pleasure. t
The Constitution seems to provide that the
judges of the United States shall have a fixed com-
pensation, which shall not be reduced during their
continuance in office. As I understand this amend-
ment, it provides that the salary of this judge
shall be so much fora time and so much hereafter.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The amend-
ment only fixes his salary.
Mr. KEItNAN. True, but if he makes him-
self personally popular with Congress, his salary
will be continued under the old limitation. I do
not say that this proposition is unconstitutional,
but I desire to call the attention of the House to
the point.
Mr. SPALDING. I am opposed to the adop-
tion of this amendment, as I am also opposed
to the passage of the bill in its original form. I
wish to state for the information of the House,
that most of our district judges in the western
States have no more than $2,000 per annum,and
I know that they transact ten times the amount
of business per annum that this judge could pos-
sibly be callcd upon to perform in the next ten
years. I know, also, that those judges are all
coming before us for increased salary, and this
bill, fixing the salary of this judge at <£5,000, is
only the entering wedge to an increase of salaries
to all our district judges. Now, sir, if the gen-
tleman is willing to modify his bill so as to give
this district judge a salary of $3,000 per annum,
I shall be content; but in any other shape, 1 shall
object to it and vote against it.
Mr. WORTHINGTON. I regret very much,
Mr. Speaker, that gentlemen who are not ac-
quainted with the disadvantages under which all
those who reside in Navada labor, and the diffi-
culties by which we are surrounded, should seek
to determine by an improper standard what is
reasonable compensation for a judicial officer per-
forming the duties required unaer this bill. When
the act was passed by Congress providing for the
organization of the Territory of Nevada, tne com-
pensation of these judges was fixed at $1,800 per
ann$m. Upon the organization of the court, the
Legislature of that young Territory, seeing the
necessity of doing something that would give to
those judges a compensation adequate to the du-
ties they were required to perform, increased the
compensation $4,200, payable in gold coin, giving
them a compensation of $6,000 per annum for the
performance of their judicial duties. The judges
of the supreme couit of Nevada to-day receive
$6,000 a year, payable in gold coin; and there is
not a district judge in the State of Nevada who
receives less than $5,000, payable in gold coin.
It must be borne in mind, Mr. Speaker, that
the people of Nevada are necessarily and almost
exclusively a mining population. The agricul-
tural resources of that State are comparatively
insignificant. Therefore we are entirely depend-
ent upon what we import four hundred miles from
California on the one side, and five hundred miles
from Salt Lake upon the other. We raise very
few vegetables. We are altogetherdependent for
subsistence upon what we receive from abroad. I
will inform gentlemen who are notacquainted with
that country, that it requires the exercise of the
utmost economy to enable any one to live in that
State on less than $5,000 per year. Now, sir, when
you propose to give to a judicial officer §3,000 or
§3,500, you really cut down his compensation to
some $1,750 in the present depreciated condition
of the cuirency of the country. The result will
be that you will not get anybody to take the posi-
tion who will either discharge its duties or reflect
credit upon the Government.
A gentleman from the western country [Mr.
Spalding] has suggested that not more than
$2,500 is paid to any judicial officer there, and
that judges there do much more work than will
be required of a judge in the State of Nevada.
But it must be recollected that because of the ag-
ricultural pioductsof the gentleman's section the
judges arc enabled to live much more cheaply than
can such officers in Nevada. Nor is the gentleman
correct when he says that those western judges
do ten times more business than will be required
of a judge in Nevada. Nearly all the corpora-
tions in the State of Nevada are foreign corpora-
tions,composed of persons from abroad, who have
their capital invested there, and these will seek a
Federal court for the determination of their dis-
puted rights. I will venture the assertion that
there is no gentleman who has ever lived in that
country who does notappreciate the force of what
1 any.
Now, sir, the district jud^e of Oregon receives
#3,000 a year; yet the people of Oiegon, because
of its great agricultural as well as mineral re-
sources, are enabled to live upon much less than
the people of Nevada, because of the facts I have
already stated. The Government to-day does not
give sufficient to pay any of the Federal officers
Til the State of Nevada; and there is nota Federal
functionary in the State, and never has been since
the organization of the Territory, who has not
gone in debtm discharging the duties of his office.
1 therefore hope, Mr. Speaker, that this amend-
ment will not prevail, and that members of this
House will appreciate the necessity of giving in
this case such a compensation as will be adequate,
both with reference to the circumstances of the
country and the duties to be performed by the
judge.
Mr. WILSON. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the amendment of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Washburne.]
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the amendment was rejeqted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
amend bv striking out $5,00'0," and inserting
"$3,500.*"
Mr. WORTHINGTON. ; I demand ®lers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Worthing-
ton and KEitNAN were appointed. ' t
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 52, noes 42.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
reconsider the vote just taken; and also move that
the motion-to reconsider be laid on the table..
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, I desire to offer an amend-
ment, not as coming from the committee, although
I have no doubt that the committee would concur
in it. I move to amend by adding to the eighth
section the following proviso:
Provided, That the clerk in each of said districts shall be
allowed by the Secretary of the Interior to reliun of the
fees and emoluments received by him as clerk of both
courts, over and above the necessary expenses of his of-
fices, and necessary clerk hire included, to be audited and
allowed by the proper accounting officers of the Treasury,
only &uch sum per annum as is now allowed by law to the
clerk of one of said courts, and shall pay the remainder into
the public Treasury under oath, in the manner and undef
the regulations now prescribed by law.
Mr. COLE, of California. Mr. Speaker, this
is a matter affecting the judicial system of the
Pacific coast, and affecting i£ seriously, and it
comes up without previous consideration on the
part of the House. I therefore move that the
further consideration of the subject be postponed
till next Tuesday. There are strong reasons for
this postponement, but I will not detain the House
to-day by stating them.
Mr. WILSON. I hope that the motion will
not prevail.
Mr. COLE, of California. The gentleman from
Nevada [Mr. Woeitiiington] will be back by that
time.
Mr. WORTHINGTON. Every member has
a copy of the printed bill upon his desk, and I
hope the House will act on it to-day. I shall be
obliged necessarily to be absent from my seat for
several days. I want the matter disposed of at
once. We have in Nevada a complete State or-
ganization, but we have no Federal court, and
there is necessity for immediate action so- that
we may have a Federal court. t
Mr. COLE, of California. Mr. Speaker, it is
true that the bill has been printed, but not as it
has been amended by the Committee on the Ju-
diciary. Alterations have been recommended by
tlmt committee which have not been heretofore
brought to the attention of the House; and it is
for that, among other reasons, that I move the
further consideration of the subject be postponed
until Tuesday next.
1 am willing to take any clay that may suit the
gentleman from Nevada. Tiie bill does not take
effect until April next, ami there will be no detri-
ment to the public service by the postponement.
I ain willing to take any day that may suit the
gentleman from Nevada or the House.
Mr. WILSON. This day suits the Committee
on the Judiciary. I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the motion to postpone was disagreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I demand the previous ques-
tion on thp bill and pending amendments.
Mr. COLE, of California. 1 have an amend-
ment to submit.
Mr. WILSON. I withdraw the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. Wilson's amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE, of California. I move to insert in
section seven, after the word "Oregon," the
words " and the southern district of California."
Mr. WILSON. 1 hope that the amendment
will not prevail, and for this reason: by the pro-
visions of the substitute reported from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary the clerk of the ciicuit
court will act also as the cleik of the district court,
so that there will bo only one clerk for the two
courts. The amendment will provide for two
clerks, one for the district court and one for the
circuit court, consequently it will cost twice tis
much in the compensation of clcrks.
Mr. COLE, of California. The gentleman is
mistaken in his statement. It does not relate to-'
the clerk at all, but only to the compensation of
the marshal and the district attorney. Certainly
; there can be no reason for including Oregon, and
