1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
319
where the law is unimpeded by the military au-
thority, and no attention has been paid to the re-
quest. They still remain there. There is a case
from my own district of an old man who has been
suspected of counterfeiting. He could be released
at any moment by the Solicitor of the Treasury,
if he chose. Is there no relief for these abuses?
Shall we not be permitted to inquire about them
with a view to future legislation?
Mr. Speaker, J should like, in order that the
House may fully understand what the law is, how
it has been infracted, what penalties are provided
for the infraction of it, to have the first and second
sections of an act relating to habeas corpus, regu-
lating judicial proceedings in certain cases, read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United Stale* of America in Congress assembled, That,
during the present rebellion, the President of the United
States, whenever, in his judgment, the public safety may
require it, is authorized to suspend the privilege of the writ
of habeas corpus in any ease throughout the United States,
or any part thereof. And whenever and wherever the said
privilege shall be suspended,as aforesaid, no military or other
officer shall be compelled, in answer to any writ of habeas
corpus, to return the body of any person or persons detained
by him by the authority of the President; but upon the cer-
tificate, under oath, ot the oflicer having charge of anyone
so detained that such person is detained by him as a piis-
oner under the authority of the President, fuither proceed-
ings under the writ of habeas corpus shall be suspended by
the judge or court having Issued the said writ s>o long as
said suspension by the Piesident shall remain m force and
said rebellion continue.
"Sec. 2. Jlndbe itjurther enacted, ThattheSecretary of
Suite and the Sccietary of War be, and they tire hereby,
directed, as soon as may bo practicable, to furnish to the
judges of the circuit and distiict courts of the United States,
and of the District of Columbia, a list of the names of all
persons, citizens of States in which the administration of
the laws has continued unimpaired in the said Federal
courts, who are now, or may hereafter be, held as prison-
ers of the United Stales, by order oi authority of the Pres-
ident of the United States, or either of ■said Secretaries, m
any fort, arsenal, or other place, as State or political pris-
oners, or otherwise as prisoners of war, the said list to eon-
tain the names of all those who reside in the respective
jurisdiction of said judges, or who may be deemed by the
said Secretaries, or either of them, to have violated any
law of the United Status in any of s>aid jurisdictions, ami
al&o the date of each arrest; the Secretary of State to fui-
nish a list of such persons as are imprisoned by the oidcr
or authority of the President, acting through the Slate De-
partment; and the Secretary of War a list of such as are
imprisoned by oidei or authority of the President, acting
through the Department of War. And in all cases where
a grand jur}', having attended any of said courts having
jurisdiction in the piemises, after the passage of this act,
and after the furnishing of said list, as aforesaid, has term-
inated its session without finding an indictment, or pre-
sentment, or other proceeding against any such person, it
shall be the duty of the judge of said court forthwith to
make an order that any such prisoner desiring adiscliaigc
from said imprisonment be brought before linn to be dis-
charged ; and every oftieer ot the United States having cus-
tody of such pu ouer is hereby dneeted immediately to
obey and exeeutc said judge's order; and in case he shall
delay or refuse so to do, he shall be subject to indictment
for a misdemeanor, and be punished by a fine of not less
than $500, and imprisonment in the common jail for a pe-
riod not less than six months, in the discretion of the court:
Provided, however, That no person shall be discharged by
virtue of the provisions of this act until after he or she
shall have taken an oath of allegiance to the Government
of the United States, and to support the Constitution there-
of; and that lie or she will not hereafter in any way en-
courage or give aid and comfort to the present rebellion or
the supporters thereof: Jlnd provided also, That the ju duo
or couit before whom such person may be brought, belbre
discharging him or her from imprisonment, shall have
power, on examination of the ease, and, if the public safety
shall require it, shall bo requited to cause him or her to
enter into recognizance, with or without surety, in a sum
to be fixed by said judge or eouit, to keep the peace and be
ot good behavior toward the United States and its citizens,
and from time to time, and at such times as such judge or
court may direct, appear belbre said jtidce or court, to be
further dealt with according to law as the ciicumstances
may require. And it shall bo the duty of the district attor-
neys of the United States to attend to such examination
before the judge."
Mr. COFFROTH. Mr. Speaker, I know that
Lieutenant Nelson, a brave and gallant officer
from my district, has been confined in the Capi-
tol prison for four long months. By permission
of the Secretary of War I went oil Monday last
to sec him, and he told me that there had been no
chaiges up to this time preferred against him,
and that he did not know why he was imprisoned.
He had served in the Army two years; he had
been wounded and had a limb amputated, and he
was hobbling through that prison on crutches.
In cases of this kind, I think it is right for this
House to carry out this resolution, and make it
compulsory upon the committee to examine into
this matter and let the people of the country know-
why their friends are detained in these prisons.
Mr. COX. The remarks which I have sub-
mitted to the House have not been made with
any partisan view, nor to find fault unnecessarily
with any of the Executive Departments. This
law which has been read here was not passed
with the concurrence of this side of the House,
but it was passed by gentlemen upon the other
side. It was their law. They took the liberty of
suspending the writ of habeas corpus, but they took
care at the same time to qualify the suspension
in such a way as to guard against the undue, ille-
gal, irresponsible arrest of persons, so that there
might be a remedy at least for improper arrests.
I ask gentlemen upon the other side to sustain
their own law and let this investigation go on so
that we may see where it has been violated. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania has first mentioned
one case, and other cases have been suggested to
me by members upon this side of the House
since I rose, where there was adequate punish-
ment for crimes, such as counterfeiting, by the
civil tribunals in States where the laws remain
unimpeded by military operations. What will
you do ? Is there to be no law in the free States ?
Is a man not to be entitled to a fair trial when he
is suspected of or arrested for counterfeiting, for
instance? Shall he be held, confined in a loath-
some prison, at the caprice of any man holding a
military commission who chooses to lay his hand
upon him ? Shall there be no relief, and no in-
formation given with a view to such relief? Shall
we not carry out the law which you yourselves
enacted only two years ago ?
Mr. GANSON. I introduced this resolution
under a sense of duty. I knew that one of my
constituents had been confined in the Capitol
prison ever since the 27th of October last, who
had faithfully served his country in the Army for
three years and a half, and who had held the po-
sition of captain. He did not know why he was
arrested. Wo charges were made against him, to
his knowledge, and none have been made to this
day. 1 was credibly informed that there were
several other cases similar to that, both of civil-
ians and officers and men in the Army. I there-
fore felt it my duty—and especially as these
prisons were within speaking distance of this
Hall—to move to direct some committee, and I
know of none who can discharge the duty more
faithfully or more properly than the Committee
on Military Affairs, to investigate the matter and
report to the Xlouse whether we require any ad-
ditional legislation upon the subject, I have no
desire to find fault with any Department of the
Government, or to criticise the action of the Gov-
ernment in any respect; but I do desire to know
whether there are abuses of this kind, and if so,
it is our duty, as the Representatives of the people,
to rectify them by some positive legislation. 1
was informed by the chairman of the Military
Committee that complaints of this character were
so numerous that the committee was on the point
of introducing a joint resolution to have a com-
mission go over the entire country to investigate
all the prisons in the land. This resolution is con-
fined to the two prisons within speaking distance
of this Capitol; and therefore, without any disre-
spect to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, I must
move to lay his motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman with-
draw that motion for a moment?
Mr. GANSON. Certainly.
Mr. STEVENS. The usual course in such
cases is not to assume the facts, but to direct a
committee to inquire into and report upon them.
I cannot see any reason why the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Ganson,] having theear of the
Military Committee, should object to that same
course now.
Mr. DAWES. What are assumed as facts?
Mr. STEVENS. It is assumed as a fact that
various people are illegally imprisoned without
knowing the charges against them.
Mr. DAWES. 1 do not know the exact phrase-
ology of it, but I understand its scope to be to
inquire whether the facts are so, and to report
them to the House.
Mr. STEVENS. The whole resolution, as ex-
plained by the various speakers, and the gentle-
man from Maryland [Mr. Davis] especially, is
censorious on the War Department. Now, if the
Department deserve censure I am willing that it
shall have it. But there may be several things
that are not expedient to report up, that it may
not be expedient at this moment to disclose ex-
cept it were in secret committee,"as the gentleman
has said. If the usual form be, observed of di-
recting the Military Committee to inquire into the
expediency of investigating these matters, I shall
have no objection to the inquiry. But no one can
deny that the passage of the resolution is a direct
censure on the Department. I do not say that it
was so intended, butl do say that it has that effect.
However, if the gentleman from New York has
no objection to letting me look into it more care-
fully, I will move to postpone the further consid-
eration of the matter.
Mr. GANSON. I have an objection. I insist
on the motion to lay on the table.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, and Mr. KASSON
addressed the Chair.
Mr. GANSON. I yield the floor for a moment
to the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Kasson.]
Mr. KASSON. I desire to add my testimony,
so far as it may go—and will give my reasons for
it, to the propriety of the investigation proposed.
It would constitute not the slightest objection with
me, resting my opinion on facts within my own
knowledge, that it may imply censure on one
Department of the Government; for I believe that
the time has arrived when it is due to the people
of this country that Congress shall examine the
extent and manner in which the power of the
Secretary of War is exercised. I state it on my re-
sponsibility asa member of the House that an order
taken from the President to the Secretary ofWar,
for a certain object has been met with the reply
"I shall not do it, sir;" and when an explanation
has been asked it has been met by the reply, " I
do not propose to argue the question; I am re-
sponsible to the President, and to him alone, for
my conduct." When a Representative of the
people is met by a responsible officer of the Gov-
ernment in that way, it constitutes with me no
objection to a proposition that it may possibly
imply censure on the head of an executive Depart-
ment.
Now, sir, I urge the adoption of this resolution
for the reason that when an officer has it in hia
mental constitution to shut off from the Represent-
atives of the people every information from his
Department, as the Secretary of War has done by
general order, except it be given by himself or on
his own express order—no matter if the informa-
tion even be whether some poor woman's only
son has been killed in battle—and when, in addi-
tion to that, he positively denies his responsi-
bility to the Congress of the United States, and
affirms it to be to the President alone, remitting
us to our own forum, I think the time has come
when Congress should inquire how far that arbi-
trary habit of mind extends, touching the liberties
of citizens throughout this broad land.
For myself I hope that this committee may be
raised; and I will be the first to vote for the ex-
culpation of the Secretary ofWar if he befoursd
innocent of aggression on any persons in the
Army or out of the Army. 1 wish it to be un-
derstood by the Army of the United States that
although its officers may be compelled to tremble
at his power as that of an absolute dictator, the
Congress of the United States thinks it right to
inquire into the management of his Department
where either the liberties of the people are con*
cerned or the rights of gallant men in the Army
may be denied to them.
One thing more: if he be the man he is charged
with being, who could in June last have exchanged
prisoners of war of the United States on terms
recognized throughout all civilized nations, yet
left ten or twenty thousand of our gallant men to
perish in rebel pens during the last summer, again
1 find a reason why his administration of that
Department should be investigated. I do not
want the letters to increase on my table urging
Congress to investigate some of these facts con-
nected with the exchange of our soldiers in rebel
hands. For the satisfaction of my own constitu-
ents, at least, I desire to have an investigation
wherever the public interests may require it, and
wherever the military rights of soldiers or the
personal rights of citizens are involved.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I desire, Mr.
Speaker, to say a single word by way of expla-
nation m view of the remarks of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.]
it seems to be considered by some gentlemen
that this resolution is necessarily censorious on'
the President or some of hisSecretaries. I do not
know, sir, that that is exactly a frtir inference.
