1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1085
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend by adding
as a new section, between sections six and seven,
the following:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That whenever, under the pro-
visions of this or any previous act for the enrollment and
calling out of the national forces, a substitute has been or
shall be accepted and mustered into the service, the person
furni-bing such substitute sbail be exempted from draft and
fioin the performance of all duty forwhich such person was
or shall be liable to draft, for the period forwhich such
person was liable to drait or for which such substitute was
not liable to draft. Such acceptance and muttering in of
the substitute shall be conclusive in favor of the principal.
I think, Mr. Speaker, that the law is now ac-
cording to ray amendment; but,|ts I stated be-
fore, the Department has made a construction of
it in one or two instances which renders it doubt-
ful—which is that the Governmentfafter having
accepted the substitute and after the substitute
has gone into the service and served some time,
shall, if the substitute be found unfit for the ser-
vice, be at liberty to call on the principal himself
to serve. My amendment is to avoid that con-
struction. It is to provide that after the consti-
tuted authorities of the Government have made
their examination and accepted the substitute,
the principal shall be held to no further responsi-
bility.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I will, in a
few brief remarks, assign the objections that I
have to the amendment proposed by the gentle-
,man from Pennsylvania. It proposes that the
action of the Government in accepting a substitute
shall be conclusive upon it. Very often the Gov-
ernment officers are themselves parties to the
fraud. The Government ought not to object,
therefore, on thatground. But,on the other hand,
the Government officers are very often defrauded.
Now, suppose a party offers a substitute, knowing
that substitute to be insane, as has been done,
knowing him to be a convict, knowing him to be
a penitentiary bird, knowing him to be subject
to epileptic fits, knowing him to be on any other
account ineligible for the service, that principal,
according to the gentleman's proposition, could
march off perfectly triumphant, himself having
been the infernal scoundrel who perpetrated the
fraud.
And, Mr. Speaker, that is not a supposititious
case forwhich a man has to draw on his imagin-
ation. Such cases have actually occurred, and
have frequently occurred. There have been cases
where persons subject to epileptic fits, and per-
sons escaped from the penitentiary, have been
put it|to the service, the principal knowing the
fact. And yet the Government is to be, by the
acceptance of such persons, concluded in its
rights over the principals.
Mr. KERNAN. This section provides that
the provost marshals shall receive " the same
commutation for fuel and quarters as is allowed
to other officers ranking as captains of cavalry."
It also provides that they shall be paid " all actual,
necessary, and reasonable expenses of office rent,
postage, stationery, and clerk hire." Now, sir,
1 desire to move to strike out this section. I think
that we should not increase the pay of these offi-
cers; and if we do increase it, I am opposed to
this indefinite sort of increase, which declares
that they shall receive " the same commutation
for fuel and quarters as is now allowed to other
officers ranking as captains of cavalry."
Mr. SCHENCK. These provost marshals
now rank by law as captains of cavalry.
Mr. KERNAN. But 1 do not understand that
thoy are now allowed commutation for fuel and
quarters.
Mr. SCHENCK. They are not. But some-
thing must be done for these men. They are now
very inadequately paid; and inasmuch as they
rank by law as captains of cavalry we propose
to give them the allowances of that rank.
Mr. KERNAN. There is no difficulty in get-
ting men to fill these offices; there is a great
struggle to obtain-these positions. But if the pay
of these officers is to be increased, I am in favor
of doing it in specific terms, by providing, for
instance, that they shall receive so much per
month.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then you will have to
change the whole system.
Mr. KERNAN. These men are not in the
Army to such an extent that we might not keep
them on a footing which we can understand. I
am in favor of striking out the section.* I think
there is no reason for increasing the pay of these
provost maishals.
The section provides also for allowing these
officers " all actual, necessary, and reasonable
expenses of office rent, postage, stationery, and
clerk hire." Yet we do not know what will be
the amount of these expenses. These officers are
now better paid than the men who are fighting in
the field; and there is a grea't struggle to get these
positions. I am opposed to increasing the pay
of the provost marshals while we refuse to increase
the pay of officers and soldiers in the field.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I move to
amend the amendment of my colleague by adding
thereto the following:
And in all cases where heretofore person4! drawn under
supplemental drafts to fill quotas shall havefurnislied their
principals, and both are helflin actual service, those drawn
as supplemental shall be discharged from such service.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that all debate upon
the section and pending amendments be closed.
The motion was agreed to.
The amendmentto theamendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I move,to amend
the amendment by adding thereto the follow-
ing:
Provided, That this proviso shall not apply to any per-
son who shall knowingly have enlisted any minor under
the age of sixteen years, or any minor between the ages of
sixteen and eighteen years wheie the consent of the par-
ent or guardian has not been given as provided by law.
The amendment totheamendment was agreed to.
The question recurring on the amendment of
Mr. Stevens, as amended,
Mr. GAR PI ELD demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 77, nays 45, not voting 60;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Alleir, Ames, Anemia, Daily,
Augustus C. Baldwin, John D. Baldwin, Brooks, James S.
Brown, Chanler, Clay, CofFroth, Cox, Cravens, Dawson,
Denison, Eden, Edgerton, English, Fmck,Ganson, Gruler,
Griswold, Hale,Hall, Harding, Benjamin G. Harris, Charles
M. Harris, lierrick, Holman, Hutelnns, Ingersoll, Philip
Johnson, Kalbtleisch, Kelley, Kertian, Knapp, Law, La-
zear, Long, Matey, McKmncy, William 11. Miller, James
R. Morn-, Morrison, Amos Myers, LeonaulMyers, Nelson,
Noble, Odell, Charles O'Neill, John O'Neill, Pendleton,
Perry, Pomeioy, l'i uyn, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Wil-
liam' H. Randall, Edward II. Rollins, James .IS. KolUns,
Ross, Scott, Stevens, Stiles, Strouse, Stuart, Thayer,
Thomas, Townsend, Wadswoith, Webster, Whaley, Chil-
ton A. White, Joseph W. White, Winaeld, Fernando
Wood, and Teaman—77.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ashley, Baxter, Blaine, Broom-
all, Cobb, Cole, Henry Winter Davis, Thomas T. Davis,
Dixon, Donnelly, Diiggs, Dumont, Ecliley, Eliot, Garfield,
Gooch, Crinnell. Higby, Asahel W. Hubbard, John H. Hlih-
bard, Ilulburd, Kasson,Oilando Kellogg, Llttlejobn, Long-
year, Marvin, MeClurg, Samuel F. Miller, Daniel Morris,
Perham, Pike, John 11. Itice, Schenck, Scofield, Shannon,
Smitliers, Starr, Tracy, Van Valkenbiugh,Eiihu B. Wash-
burne, Williams, Wilson, Woodbndge, and Worthington
—45.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. William J. Allen, Alley, An-
derson, Arnold, Beaman, Blair, Bliss, Blow, lioutwell,
Boyd, Brandegee, William G. Brown, Ambrose W. Claik,
Freeman Claike, Creswell, Dawes. Deming, Eldridgc,
Fariisworth, Frank, Harrington, Ilooper, Hotcllki^s,
Jenckes, William Johnson, Julian, Francis W. ICellogg,
King, Knox, Le Blond, Loan, Mallory, McAllister, Mc-
Bride, McDowell, McTndoe, Middleton, Moorhead, Mor-
rill, Norton, Ortli, Patterson, Price, Alexander II. Riee,
Robinson, Rogers, Sloan, Smith, Spalding, John B. Steele,
William G. Steele, Sweat, Up-on, Voorliees, Ward, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Wheeler, Wilder, Wmdom, and Ben-
jamin Wood—60.
So the amendment was agreed to.
OSAGE INDIANS IN KANSAS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the Hobse a communication from the Sec-
retary of the Interior, tiansmitting estimates of
appropriations to carry into effect the provisions
of the treaty made with the Great and Little
Osages in Kansas, August 29, 1863; which was
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT EMPLOYES.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from the
Postmaster General, transmitting a statement of
the clerks and other persons employed in the Post
Office Department during the year ending June
30, 1864; which was laid on the tabic, and or-
dered to he printed.
The hour of half past five o'clock, p. m., hav-
ing arrived,
The SPEAKER adjourned the House until
to-morrow.
. IN SENATE. '
Saturday, February 25, 1865.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas Bow-
man, £>. D.
On motion of Mr. HALE, and by unanimous
consent, the reading of the Journal of yesterday's
proceedings was dispensed with.
CREDENTIALS PRESENTED.
Mr. VAN WINKLE presented the credentials
of Hon. Waitman T. Willby, chosen by the
Legislature of West Virginia a Senator from that
State for the term of six years, commencing on
the 4th day of March, 1865, which were read
and ordered to be filed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a memorial of the
Legislature ofMinnesotain favor ofthe establish-
ment of a mail route from NewUlmto RedWood
Falls, which was referred to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. BROWN presented a memorial of the Le-
gislature of Missouri, in favor of the establish-
ment of a post or garrison at some point in the
southwest corner of that State; which was ordered
to lie on the table, and be printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Legislature
of Missouri, in favor of granting a bounty to the
soldiers, and their legal representatives, of the
Missouri State militia; of recruits belonging to
the various regiments of Missouri volunteers be-
ing mustered out of service at the expiration of
the term of the regiments; of the adoption of the
severest retaliatory measures to compel a more
humane treatment of our prisoners of war in the .
hands of the rebel authorities; of the completion
of the southern branch of the Pacific railroad,
and remonstrating against any tax on leaf tobacco;
which were ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
Mr. CLARK presented a petition of William
Cook, a colored man, praying compensation for
the use of a certain lot of ground by the Govern-
ment in the city of Wellington, which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. SPRAGUE presented the petition of David
Sherman, administrator of the estate of Captain
Joseph Sherman, deceased, late of the town of
Portsmouth, Rhode Island, praying for compen-
sation for loss of property during the revolu-
tionary war; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
Mr. HALE presented a paper containing a
table prepared by the Chief Clerk of the Senate,
(in continuation of that contained in Hickey's
Constitution,) of the Senators of the United Stales
from the 4th of March, 1848, to the termination of
the Thirty-Eighth Congress, 3d of March, 1865,
exhibiting their names and the commencement
and termination of their service respectively; the
States represented by them and the classes into
which they are divided, under the second clause,
third section, first article of the Constitution of
the United States; the regular succession in each
class being shown from the commencement;
which was ordered to be printed; and a motion of
Mr. Hale's that three thousand additional copies
be printed was referred to the Committee on Print-
ing.
TERRITORIAL WAGON ROADS.
Mr. WADE. I move to postpone all other
orders and take up the bill (S. No. 472) to pro-
vide for the construction of certain wagon roads
in-the Territories of Idaho, Montana, Dakota, and
Nebraska.
Mr. COLLAMER. Does that postpone the
making of our reports?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be the
effect of the motion if adopted.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
472) to provide for the construction of certain
wagon roads in the Territories of Idaho, Mon-
tana, Dakota, and Nebraska, was considered as
in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to authorize the Secretary of the
Interior to survey, locate, and constructa wagon
road; first, from Niobrara to the mouth of the
Turtle Hill river, and thetice, upon the most di-
rect practicable route, to Virginia City, m Mon-
tana Territory, with a branch from the mouth of
Turtle Hill river, or such other point as may be
selected, to Omaha; second, from a point at or
