322
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
fess cost than $25,000, and I have therefore moved
to reduce the appropriation to $15,000. I hope
the amendment will prevail.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not presume that the
gentleman from Iowa proposes that the business
of the office shall stop. Wecertainlydid author-
ize the employment of ninety clerks at the last
session of Congress.
Mr. WILSON. At that session did we not
make an appropriation to meet that?
Mr. MORRILL. In this very bill are para-
graphs, which have escaped the attention of the
gentleman from Iowa, already acted on, author-
izing the employment of one hundred and thirty
more clerks. We had the Second Auditor before
us, and he explained to us the magnitude of the
business of his office. Many of the paymasters
have not been settled with for eighteen months.
It is utterly impossible, as he states it to us, to
bring up the business of that office without a
large increase of the clerical force. He states
that twice the number now proposed will be in-
sufficient to do it.
The amendment was disagreed to. t
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I wish to
inquire of the gentleman from Vermont whether
it has been usual heretofore to pay for newspa-
pers for each of these offices.
Mr. MORRILL. It has always been custom-
ary to take these papers for the purpose of being
filed.
The ClerJc read,as follows:
For the general purposes of the southeast executive
building, including tiift extension :
For compensation of twelve watchmen and eleven la-
borers of the southeast executive building, §10,560.
Mr. WILSON. The same number of men are
employed as last year, and I ask the gentleman
from Vermont why the amount is increased.
Mr. MORRILL. If the gentleman will refer
to the act passed June 25, 1864, he will find that
we increased then* salaries.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I move to amend
the clause " for compensation of the surveyor
genera! of the Territories of Dakota and Mon-
tana, and the clerks in his office, $8,300," by
striking out " $8,300 " and inserting in heu there-
of" $6,000." The sum I have named is the amount
which we appropriated last year for this same pur-
pose, and 1 know no reason why there should be
an increase of the appropriation. There are to be
no additional clerks in thatoffice that I am aware
of, and I know of no need for any.
Mr. MORRILL. There was an act passed in
June, 1864, which makes this increased appro-
priation necessary.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I am not aware
that the clerical force in this office has been in-
creased, or that there is any necessity for such
increase. They have the same number of clerks,
and the same kind of service is to be performed
for the coming year that was performed last year.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. ICASSON. lam directed by the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means to offer an amendment,
to he inserted after line four hundred and ninety-
two, at the end of these appropriations for sur-
veyors general and their clerks. It includes the
same item which was appropriated last year. It
is the following:
For pay of the wages uf one clerk in tho consolidated
land officex at Des Moines, Iowa, §1,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think that
is not in order.
Mr. KASSON. It is the same appropriation
which has been made heretofore. I quote the
exact language of the appropriation bill of tast
session for this,identical purpose; and it is for the
purpose of carrying on the operations of the land
office there.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would in-
quire if the office of that clerk has been created
by law.
Mr. ICASSON. Yes,sir; and hois to be paid
according to lav/.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of II'- ^is. If this
amendment carries out an exist,law it is in
order. Is there any necessity f.«i this clerk?
Mr. KASSON. his necessai y, ..s I know of
my own knowledge.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
call the attention of the committee to the very ex-
traordinary item contained in lines six hundred
and seventy-seven and six hundred and seventy-
eight:
For contingencies, viz: for stationery, purchase of libra-
ry, laboratory, rent, and miscellaneous iteinSj$ll,500.
The appropriation we made last year for the
same purpose was $4,500; and here it is increased
to $11,500; and it is made up in part of items
which are not made specific. This amount is in-
tended to cover, as I understand by the report of
the Commissioner of Agriculture, the salaries of
certain draughtsmen, chemists, and others, and
all sorts of stealings. 1 therefore move to strike
out" 111,500"and insert in lieu thereof" $4,500."
I do not think the condition of the Treasury will
justify such appropriations as this.
Mr. MORRILL. The appropriation of last
year was larger than I then thought necessary,
and the House will therefore see that I am in no
mood to dispute the point made by the gentleman
from iliinois. But I desire to correct him in ref-
erence to the amount we appropriated last year.
It was $7,500. The increase, therefore, is $4,000
only. Almost all the items required for that De-
partment this year have increased in price above
what they were last year.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then as I
was mistaken in the amount'1 will modify my
amendment by making the amount to be inserted
"#7,500."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now move
to amend, in lines six hundred and eighty and
six hundred and eighty-one, which are, "for
collecting agricultural statistics in loyal States,
$20,000, "by striking out the entire appropriation.
I do not believe these statistics are worth the
money. I live, I believe, in the best agricultural
district in the country, and I am sure my constit-
uentsdo not get their portion of this amount.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I mint correct the gen-
tleman. The fifth district, which I have the honor
to represent, is the best agricultural district.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 suppose 1 have the right
to move an amendment to correct the text be-
fore the pending amendment is put. Previous to
making the motion, I will say that I believe some
amount ofrxpenditure can be profitably employed
in collecting and gathering together these statis-
tics, and tlieiefoie ( should regret to see the en-
tire amount stricken out fiom the bill. There are
other appropriations for this Department in the
bill far more extravagant, I think, than this.
1 hope the clause will not be stricken out; but
1 object to its phraseology, and 1 therefore move
to amend by striking out the words "in loyal
States." I do not see why we may not collect
statistics from all the States.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have been in the habit of
following the views of the gentleman from Illinois
very generally, and I am certainly not in favor of
any extravagant expenditures in the civil depart-
ments of the Government; but it seems to me that
the gentleman from Illinois is mistaken as to the
value of the statistical information gathered to-
getherby the Commissioner of Agriculture. That
information is published bimonthly and shows
the condition of the crops of the country.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would ask
the gentleman from Indiana it'he ever read any
of these pamphlets which are sent out bimonthly
by the Agricultural Department, or has ever
known any person who has read them?
Mr. HOLMAN. I not only represent an agri-
cultural interest, but I happen to be myself to
Some extent engaged in agricultural pursuits, cul-
tivating a small farm. The gentleman from Illi-
nois, representing a mineral region, probably has
not the same interest in this subject that I have.
I have not only received and carefully read these
tables and statistics, but my constituents around
me have also done so.
An appropriation of $20,000 for this purpose is
not a large appropriation. It must bo distributed
in small amounts to reach a great many persons,
and it seems to me that the agricultural interests
l\ of the country have been promoted by the ex-
1 penditure of this small amount of money in the
! past. It is butan experiment, and one made with
j a very small amount of money. It is expended
\\ upon a subject of great and general interest—the
statistics of the crops throughoutthe entire coun-
try.
While I have never favored appropriations
which I thought could be dispensed with at all, I
am not now in favor of parsimony on the part of
the Government which could prevent the ascer-
tainment of faets affecting a great interest such as
the agricultural interest of the United States.
The question was taken on Mr. Morrill's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will mod-
ify my amendment so as to fctnke out " twenty"
and insert "ten,"and add to the clause this pro-
viso, which 1 think will meet the approbation of
the House:
Provided, That hereafter there shall not be published any
bimonthly report of the Agricultural Depaument.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust that neither of those
amendments will be adopted. If we appropriate
any amount it ought to be §20,000. That is the
smallest amount that can be of any avail for this
purpose. To appropriate $10,000 would he simply
to throw away that much money, and to appro-
priate any amount and not provide for the pub-
lication of these statistics would be a waste of
money. This bimonthly statement goes into
every agricultural community; it is carefully ex-
amined by the agricultural societies of the coun-
try, and is of great value. I do not know, my-
self, of a single farmer in that section of the State
of Indiana m which I reside who does not deem
this publication of value to the country.
I trust that neither of the amendments offered
by the gentleman from Illinois will be adopted.
If cither of them be adopted we might as well
strike out the entire appropi iation. Ten thousand
dollars would be of no use whatsoever. I trust
that the gentleman from Illinois, in his eagerness
for economy, will not forget that we do not appro-
priate many large sums of money for the benefit
of the agricultural interests.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the agri-
cultural interests derived any benefit from this
appropriation I should not object to it; but they
do not derive any.
Mr. SLOAN. I would like to inquire how
the money is expended—whether it is paid to
the correspondents of the Department for furnish-
ing the information? If I understand the matter,
this information is obtained by the Department
by simply addressing letters to those engaged in
agricultural pursuits, and the answers to those
letters contain the information upon which the
Commissioner makes up these tables and statistics.
I have always doubted whether the informa-
tion is sufficiently accurate to be of any real ser-
vice. i do not understand how any considerable
sum of money can be necessary to obtain the in-
formation. There is a clerical force already in the
Department sufficient,! should suppose,to curry
on all the correspondence. I do not understand
that those who furnish this information from va-
rious parts of the country receive anycompensa-
tionj and I ask the gentleman from Vermont how
the money is to be expended ?
Mr. MORRILL. I design to be perfectly fair
in this matter. I suppose that the Department
is in the habit of paying out money, m some in-
stances, for the infotmotion receive*} by it. It is
true that, in certain localities, men will perform
this labor gratuitously; but in other localities tho
Department is compelled to payout money forit.
Payment is made, as I understand, for the esti-
mates of crops, and also for meteorological infor-
mation. Men cannot be procured in all localities
to perform that class of service without compen-
sation. Payments are also made for articles in
the annual report.
In regard to the publications made by the De-
partment, some of the estimates of crops have
been very valuable. I am not sure, however, that
the information cannot be communicated to the
newspapers. If the information be valuable the
newspapers would be very glad to publish it as
an item of news or as information of some interest
to their readers. I am not sure that the publica-
tion of these bimonthly reports, which is a new
feature, is of such great service as that it cannot
be dispensed with, and the publication provided
for in some way that will be equally acceptable and
serviceable to the agriculturists of the country.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to amend by in-
serting the words "and publishing;" so that i"
will read:
For collecting and publishing agricultural statistics in
loyal States, §20,000.
I hope, Mr. Chairman, that the appropriation
