1088
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25.
should never have seen the necessity of this office
until about fifteen days before its head is going
out. There lias been no such recommendation
from the Secretary of the Nary until the 20th of
February, if I caught correctly the date of the
letter which was read. This Administration will
go out of office on the 4th of March—at least a
portion of them will—and it is not impossible that
the Secretary of the Navy may go; but whether
he does or not-the Administration ends; and itis
a little curious, if the experience of the Navy De-
partment has shown the necessity for such an
officer, that it should not have been found out until
about fifteen days before the Secretary is going
out of office. Sir, it is a device to create a new
officer and give him a large salary.
. Mr. SAULSBURY. I am glad, Mr. President,
that opposition has been made to this measure by
the honorable chairman of the Committee on the
Judiciary. An opposition coming to it from this
side of the Chamber might be considered outrage-
ous. I shall vote against the bill for two reasons.
The first is, that it is to be presumed that a Cabinet
officer is capable of understanding and expounding
the law applicable to his Department. Another
reason is, that I believe the law was better ex-
pounded when the Departments had no Solicitors
than it has been since; and if the law is to be mur-
dered by any new Solicitors of Departments, as it
has already beet^ murdered by existing Solicitors,
I think we had better have no more.
Mr. HENDRICKS. When this bill first came
before the Committee on Naval Affairs, 1 doubted
whether it ought to be adopted; but upon a more
careful examination of it I decided to give it my
support, not that I think it will very materially
reduce the expenditures of money paid to law-
yers in particular cases, for as one looks over
this report that comes from the Departments, he
is impressed with the notion that these payments
are made to particular individuals for political
services rather than for services in the courts. I
do not believe that there has been a condition of
affairs in the courts in which the interests of the
Government in the courts justified anything like
such an expenditure as this exhibit shows. But
I believe that a Solicitor in a Department is a
very useful officer, and in that respect I am com-
pelled to differ from my friend from Delaware.
When I was connected with the General Land
Office, in several instances I discovered the very
great importance of the office of the Solicitor of
the Treasury in the preparation of causes. It is
not expected that the Solicitor will leave the De-
partment and try the cause in court, but it is ex-
pected that the Solicitor will prepare the cause for
trial in court; thathe will supervise every step up
to the time of trial, and then that the cause will go
to the district attorney and be easily disposed of
in his hands.
Every Senator is aware of the fact that legal
questions of a new sort are springing up every
day in the Navy Department. I suppose there
are a hundred contracts now made by that De-
partment where, heretofore, there were but a few.
There has been a very great increase in the con-
tracts out of which litigation is likely to arise. I
think, therefore, it is proper that there should be
a law officer for that Department, quite as import-
ant as for the War Department. Perhaps the busi-
ness will not be so large, but it is of the same class.
I shall therefore vote for this bill, not that I think
it is going to reduce the expenditure of money to
lawyers outside, for I do not believe that expend-
iture has been made with reference to the public
interest in very many cases. Anybody running
his eye over this list of attorneys who have been
employed will be satisfied of that, I think. But
let us give the Department the proper officer, a
law officer, to prepare the cases for the courts,
and then hold the Department to an honest dis-
charge of its duties.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the bill is passed
I want to say a word as to the report to which
refeience 1ms been made. If it were not so late
in the session I should move, on the information
I have, that some committee be charged with the
duty of inquiring into the matters stated in the
report. Some complaint has been made of the
amounts of money that appear to have been paid
out. I have been informed this very morning by
an officer of the Government that |15,000 was
paid to one attorney forfees by an officer in one
of the Departments, but itdoes not appear in this
report.
Mr. WILKINSON. Yes; it is here.
Mr. CARLILE. The Senator will find it on
page 3.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, I see it now. I was
informed that there was another payment which
does not appear here. I will not make a motion
for a committee now; there is no time to investi-
gate it this session; but by some construction or
other of the resolution which the Senate passed
I think we have not got out all the facts in refer-
ence to the payment of fees to attorneys by the
different Departments.
Mr. DAVIS. I shall, under the remarks of
the Senator from Iowa and of the Senato'r from
Ohio, vote for this bill, but at the same time 1
will make a single remark upon the great abuse
which in my opinion is exhibited by the facts
that have been disclosed in this debate. There
are various legal officers that are authorized or
that assume the authority to employ assistant
counsel* Why is that practice adopted? It is
in the first place because of the flagrant incom-
petence of the men appointed to those offices to
fill them and todischarge theirduties. In relation
to the first legal officer of the Government, who
I believe has an assistant with a large array of
clerks and other officers in his office, I have never
met a solitary man in the Senate or out of the
Senate who did not concede his incompetence to
fill that office. When that is the fact, when these
high and responsible legal offices are filled with
incompetent men, and when legal ability and gen-
eral intellect do not regulate the appointment or
are scarcely taken into consideration in making
the appointment, and men flagrantly incompetent
to perform the duties of the office are put in, it
necessarily involves one or the other of these
consequences; the public interest must be neg-
lected, or there must be men appointed to assist
them in the performance of their duties who are
equal to the performance of those duties.
I think the Senate itself is responsible in a
great degree for the numerous employment of
counsel to assist officers in the execution of the
appropriate duties of these officials, because of
their incompetence; and the Senate is respon-
sible, for it confirms men admittedly incompetent
todischarge the duties of these high legal offices.
I hope that the honorable and vigilant Senator
from Illinois, who presides with so much ability
and fidelity over the Committee on the Judiciary,
will at the next session—there is no time at the
present—get up a bill regulating the whole sub-
ject of the employment of counsel to assist the
officers of the Government, and restricting the
amount of compensation that, these officers and
the assistants employed by them should receive.
There is no small abuse of the Government
more pernicious and tnore lavishly indulged in
than this. It is a convenient and a safe mode of
enriching favorities, giving them plunder, buying
up men of easy virtue to prostitute former politi-
cal opinions, and to enlist as mercenaries in a
new cause and a new party. Sir, I do not believe
in any such changes of opinion. I should like
to see this practice cut up by the roots. I do not
believe, either, m the employment of incompetent
men, frorc> political favoritism and other consider-
ations, to perform the duties of offices to which
they are wholly inadequate, and I trust that the
honorable Senator from Illinois will bring up this
subject, and have it regulated by a proper bill. I
think it is vet%,probable, though, that the duties
and interests of the Navy Department, so far as
they are of a legal character, would be more aptly
and ably and economically attended to by this
Solicitor if we can get a competent man to fill the
office, and under the assurance of the Senator
from iowa, I hope if the bill passes we shall get
such a competent man.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Clark, Collamer,Con-
ner, Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Harris,
Hendricks, llowe, Morrill, Ncsmith, Pomeroy, Powell,
Richaidbon, Kiddie, Sherman, Snrague, Stewart, Van
Winkle, VV;]icy, arid Wright—95.
NAYS — Manas. Buckalew, Carlile, Chandler, Hale,
Howrtid, Morgan, Saulsbury,Ten fiyck, Trumbull, Wade,
and Wilson—U. ' '
ABSENT—Messrs. Doolittle, Farwell, Harding, Harlan,
Henderson, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas,
McDougall, Nye, Ramsey, Sumner, and Wilkinson—13.
So the bill was i
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their titles
and referred as indifated:
A bill (H. R. No. 751) to provide for the set-
tlement of private land claims in the Territory of
Arizona, and for the survey thereof—to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
A bill (H. R. No. 787) to incorporate the Har-
mony Cemetery Company (of colored persons)
in the District of Columbia—to the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
A bill (H. R. No. 791) granting a pension to
Sophia Brooke Taylor, widow of the late Major
Francis Taylor—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (H. R. No. 792) for the relief of Henry
Karstens—to the Committee on Pensions. t
A bill (H. R. No. 793) to authorize the Com- j
missioner of Patents to extend the patent of Josiah ;
Copeland for a new and useful improvement in • I
boot-crimps—to the Committee on Paten ts and the ^
Patent Office.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
Mr. HOWE, from the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (H. R. No. 621) making appropria-
tions for the support of the Military Academy
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1866, sub-
mitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 621) making ap-
propriations for the support of the Military Academy for
the year ending the 30m of June, 1866, having met, after
full and free conference have agreed to recommend, and
-do recommend, to their respective Houses as follows:
That the House of Representatives recede Irom their
disagreement to the first amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from the second amendment.
T. O. HOWE,
THOMAS A. HENDRICKS,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
3. G. BLAINE,
R. MALLORY,
G. S. ORTH,
Managers on the part of the House.
SOUTHERN INDIAN SUPERINTENDENCE.
Mr. POMEROY submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be requested
to furnish the Senate copies of all orders, permits, licenses,
and correspondence in any wayrelating to licensed traders
in the southern superintendence, or any information ia
his office connected with the subject of trade in said super-
intendency.
PICTURE BY W. H. POWELL.
Mr. COLLAMER. I ask the Senate to take
up the joint resolution (H. R. No. 164) author-
izing a contract with William H. Powell for a
picture for the Capitol. I seldom ask the Senate
to take up a bill in this way; but I now make this
motion.'
Mr. SUMNER. There will be some debate
on that.
Mr. COLLAMER. Only a few minutes, I
think.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint res-
olution was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to direct the Joint Commit-
tee on the Library to enter into a contract with
William H. Powell, of the State of Ohio, to paint
a picture for the United States, to be placed at the
head of one of the grand staircases in the Capitol,
illustrative of some naval victory; the particular
subject of the painting to be agreed on by the
committee and the artist. The entire expense of
the picture is not to exceed §25,000, and $2,000
are to be paid to Mr. Powell, in advance, to ena-
ble him to prepare for the work, the remainder in
installments at intervals of not less than one year,
the last installment tq be retained until the picture
is completed and put up.
_ Mr. SUMNER. I am sorry that this resolu-
tion has been called up, and f am sorry to feel
obliged to say anything upon it. The patronage
of art is always beautiful, but tiiere is a time for
all things; there is a time \o weep, and there is a
time to laugh, and there is a time for the patron-
age of art; but permit me to say that this is not
