THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS. PUBLISHED BY F. & J. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session*.
the time. Now, sir, when our debt is accumu-
lating at the rate of more than a million a day,
when our soldiers are soli unpaid, this is not the
time to appropriate $25,000 for a picture to adorn
the national Capitol 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Themorninghour
having expired, it becomes the duly of the Chair
to call up the unfinished business of yesterday,
which is the joint resolution (S. R. No. 117) rec-
ognizing the government of the State of Louisi-
ana, upon which the Senator from Michigan [Mr.
Howard] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. COLLAMER. Let that be informally
laid aside that the resolution which was taken up
on my motion may be disposed of.
Mr. HOWARD. I will yield for the purpose
of allowing that to be acted upon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business of yesterday will be informally laid aside
if there be no objection.
Mr. HALE. There is objection.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be objec-
tion, the unfinished business must be proceeded
with, unless a motion is made to postpone it.
Mr. COLLAMER. I move that it be post-
poned for the purpose of disposing of the joint
resolution which has been taken up.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 hopeitwill not be post-
poned; but the other matter can be continued
informally.
The VJCE PRESIDENT. To do that re-
quires unanimous consent. .
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ver-
mont, I trust, will not ask the Senate to displace
the regular order.
Mr. COLLAMER. How shall I ever have
this resolution acted on? Some one is sure to
object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senators will allow
the Chair to auggestthat the resolution which was
taken up o?: the motion of the Senator from Ver-
mont, if it cow goes over, will stand as the unfin-
ished business of the morning hour, and will have
that place on Monday morning.
Mr. COLLAMER. That will do.
Mr. HALE. On that point i desire to make a
suggestion. If I am not mistaken—and 1 hope
that I shall get the ear of my colleague—one of the
gentlemen who have occupied the chair has held
that there is no such thing as the unfinished busi-
ness of the morning hour taking precedence.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The present occu-
pant of the chair cannot be responsible for the
decisions made by any other individual. He de-
cides as he 1ms now decided and has always de-
cided, and such has been the practice of the Sen-
ate all the time he has been in the chair.
Mr. CHANDLER. Before my colleague pro-
ceeds, I ask his indulgence to allow me to report
three or four bills from the Committee on Com-
merce and have them acted upon. They are of
great importance, and I have been trying all the
morning to get them in, and I am sure they will
not lead to debate and will not occupy long.
Mr. HOWARD. I will yield for that purpose
if I do not thereby lose my privilege to the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The reports of the
Senator from Michigan can be received by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask unanimous consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection; the reports will be received.
ADMEASUREMENT OF TONNAGE.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was refened the bill (H. R. No.-
784) to amend an act entitled "An act to regulate
the admeasurement of ships and vessels of the
United States," have directed me to report it back
and recommend its passage, and as it is very
short and there can be no objection to it, I desire
to have it put on its passage now.
There being no objection, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It provides
that the act to regulate the admeasurement of
tonnage of ships and vessels of the United States,
approved May 6,1864, shall be so construed that
69
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 18G5.
New Seriks No. <
no partof any ship or vessel shall be admeasuied
or registered for tonnage that is used for cabins
or state-rooms, and constructed entirely above the
first deck, which is not a deck to the hull.
The bill was reported to the Senate,ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
MICHIGAN CITY HARBOR.
Mr. CHANDLER. The same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 781) grant-
ing to the Michigan City Harbor Company the
use of Government pieis in said harbor for the
purpose of protecting said harbor, report it back
and recommend its passage; and I ask unanimous
consent to pass it now.
By unanimous consent the bill was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
grant to the Michigan City Harbor Company, at
Michigan City, in the State of Indiana, the priv-
ilege of using the foundations of the old Govern-
ment piers now in that haibor for the purpose of
improving and protecting the harbor; and no ex-
pense made by the Harbor Company for this pur-
pose is to be considered a charge against the Gov-
ernment. Italso proposes to constitute Michigan
City, in the State of Indiana, a port of delivery,
subject to the same regulationsand restrictions as
other ports of delivery of the United States, and
it is to be annexed to and made part of the col-
lection district of Chicago. A surveyor of the
customs, to reside at the poit, is to be appointed,
who shall receivc an annual compensation of
$350 per annum.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading,read the third time, and passed.
ENROLLMENT AND LICENSE OF VESSELS.
Mr. CHANDLER. The same committee, to
whom was refened the bill (El. R. No. 738) re-
lating to the enrollment and license of certain ves-
sels, have directed me to report it back and to ask
for its passage now.
By unanimous consent the bill was considered
as in Committee ofthe Whole. Itprovides when-
ever it shall become necessary for the owner or
owners of any vessel of the United States naviga-
tingthe western rivers and the waters on the north-
ern, northeastern, and northwestern frontiers of
the United States, otherwise than by sea, and
being in a district other than that to which the
vessel belongs, to procure her enrollment and
license, or license, or renewal thereof, the same
proceedings may be had in the district in which
the vessel then shall be as are now or shall then
be required by law, on application for such cn-
rollmentand license, orlicense, or renewal thereof,
as the case may be, in the district to which the
vessel may belong, excepting the giving of bond
and the enrollment and issuance of license; and
the officer before whom such proceedings shall be
had shall certify them to the collector of the dis-
trict to which the vessel belongs, who shall there-
upon, on the owner or owners giving bond as
required in othercases, duly enroll the vessel and
issue license in the same form as if the application
had originally been made in his office, and either
deliver the license to the owner or owners, or for-
ward it by mail to the officer who certified to him
the preliminary proceedings, and who shall, in
such case, deliver the license to the owner or
owners or master of the vessel. The act is not,
however, to be construed so as in any respect to
change existing laws, excepting in so far as iten-
ables such owner or owners to procure enrollment
or license, or renewal thereof, without returning
their vessels to their home ports or districts.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
PREVENTION OF SMUGGLING.
Mr. CHANDLER. The same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 690) to
revive certain provisions of the act entitled "An
act further to provide for the collection of duties
on imports and tonnage," approved March 3,
1815,and for other purposes, report it back and
recommend its passage, antf 1 ask that it be acted
By unanimous consent the bill was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
revive and reenactthe first sentenceof the second
section of the act further to provide for the col-
lection of duties on imports and tonnage, approved
March 3, 1835, to wit:
ii That it shall bo lawful for any collector, naval officer,
purveyor, or inspector of the custom*, as well in any ad-
joining district as that to which ho belongs, to stop, search,
ami examine any carnage orvehiclcof'any kind whatso-
ever and to stop any person traveling on toot or beast of bur-
den on winch he shall sn-pect ihere ni« good;!.wares, or
merchandise which aioMibjeet to dufv. or which shall have
been mtiodueed into the United in any manner con-
trol y to law ; and if such officer shall stop any goods, ware*,
or merchandise on any Mich can lage, vehicle", pei son travel-
ing on toot, oi beat-t of harden, winch he i?luill have | ob-
able cause to hejieve are subject to duly or have been un-
lawfully iniiodueed into the Hinted Slates, he shall teize
and secure the fcaaie for trial."
And every such beast of burden, carriage, or
vehicle, together with the teams or other motive
power, and -all the appurtenances used in convey-
ing such goods, waiex, or merchandise, are to be
subject to seizure and forfeiture in like manner as
is by law now provided in regard to such goods,
wares, or merchandise. AN fines, penalties, and
forfeitures recovered in consequence of such seiz-
ures arc to be disposed of as is provided in other
cases by the ninety-first section of the act to
regulate the collection of duties on imports and
tonnage, approved March 2, 1790, and the last
proviso of that ninety-first section is hereby re-
pealed.
By the sccond section the power and authority
given to collectors, naval officers,and surveyors,
by the sixty-eighth section of the act of March
2, 1799, are extended to inspectors of the cus-
toms, and any officer or other person entitled to
or interested in a part or share of any fine, pen-
alty, or forfeiture incurred under this or any oilier
law of the United States, may be examined as a
witness in any of the proceedings for the recovery
of such fine, penalty, or forfeiture by either of
the parties thereto, and such examination shall
not deprive the witness of his or her share or in-
terest m such fine, penalty, or forfeiture.
The third section provides that in case any store,
warehouse, or other building, shall be upon or
near the boundary line between the United States
and any foreign country, and there is reason to
believe that dutiable goods are deposited or have
been placed therein or carried through or into the
same without payment of duties, and in violation
of law, and the collector, deputy collector, naval
officer, or surveyor of customs, shall make oath
before any magistrate competent to administer
the same, that he has reason to believe, and does
believe, that such offense has been therein com-
mitted, such officer shall have the right to search*
such building and the premises belonging thereto;
and if any such goods shall be found therein, the
same,together with such building, shall be seized,
forfeited, and disposed of according to law, and
the building shall be forthwith taken down or re-
moved. Ajiy person or persons who shall have
received or deposited in such building or carried
through the same any such goods, or shall have
aided therein, in violation of law, shall, upon
conviction before any court of competent juris-
diction, be punished by fine notexceeduig$l6,000,
or by imprisonment not exceeding two years, or
by both such fine and imprisonment.
It is further provided that the first section of
the act of April 2, 1844, entitled " An act direct-
ing the disposition of certain unclaimed goods,
wares, or merchandise*seized for being illegally
imported into the United States," shall be so
amended that in place of the word " one," where
ever the same may be found in that section, the
word "five" shall be inserted.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed,
DISTRICT OF SALK3X AND BEVERLY.
Mr. CHANDLER. I also report back from
the same committee the bill (H. R.No. 783) con-
cerning the collection district of Salem and Bev-
erly, Massachusetts, and ask for its present cou^
sideration.
