824
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
Mr. PIKE. I will yield my portion to the
Chair.
Mr. GRINNELL. Now, sir, the answer to
all this matter is that there are, I presume, more
than five hundred local agricultural societies in the
United States that receive the benefits of this ap-
propriation. X know these seeds are distributed
throughout my district and to all our agricultural
societies. Our people have not the opportunity
of becoming possessed of the rare seeds found in
large cities. In those cities, of course, the people
can go to the seed stores and obtain them; but
we have no large cities in my district, as is the
case with other gentlemen, and our people con-
sider it an acquisition to become possessed of
these imported new seeds.
I will mention one fact. The article of sorghum
seed had become so much deteriorated by admix-
ture with the broom and common corn that it was
/eared that the introduction of this seed would not
prove of so much advantage to the country as
anticipated. Now, a part of the appropriation
made by Congress heretofore was used to import
a large amount of pure sorghum seed, and the
resu 11 is, that if you will to-day go into the prairies
of Illinois and Iowa you will find the farmers
successful growers of the cane, and the women
and children, whose husbands and fathers are in
our armies, living upon the sweets extracted from
this sorghum cane, as the only sweet which they
are able to obtain. I give but a single illustration
of benefits, one of many which could be named.
Mr. SLOAN. I move to amend the amend-
ment by malting the ambunt $50,000. I was dis-
posed to favor the amendment proposed by the
gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Beaman:] I in-
quired of the gentleman from Maine what had
become of this large amount of seed for which
$54,000 was expended last year, and as the gen-
tleman from Iowa [Mr. Grinnell] has satisfac-
torily answered the question by showing that a
large portion of it has gone into his district, I
shall certainly favor keeping up the appropria-
tion.
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman from Maine
'Mr. Pike] very properly asked for information
in reference to the manner in which these seeds
were obtained, and the way in which they were
distributed, i believe it has been the practice
with the Department to obtain seeds not only in
this country but abroad; and 1 believe that a very
large amount has been annually spent for seeds
abroad in order to introduce new varieties; and
it is for each gentleman to judge for himself
whether we have obtained any new varieties for
the last few years. Atthe present time,Ibelieve,
there is an agent of the Department in China ob-
taining new sorghum seed, because in this coun-
try what wo had was allowed to mix with other
kinds of corn, as was observed by the gentleman
from Iowa.
The mode and manner in which seeds are dis-
tributed is mainly through members of Congress.
It is true, I believe, that the Department distrib-
utes seeds to its correspondents, and also to the
various agricultural societies of the country, of
whose names they have been informed by mem-
bers or by others. Last year we did not appro-
piiate so much as we propose to appropriate this
year by §4,000. I thought last year that the sum
we then appiopriated was too much, but 1 do not
now propose any amendment.
Mr. SLOAN. I withdraw my amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
amend by making the appropriation conform to
what it was last year, $57,000.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The amendment offered by Mr. Beaman was
not agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
amend in the next hue, which appropriates §5,200
for employes in seed room, by striking out
"§5,200" and inserting " $4,000," the precise
amount which was appropriated for the same
purpose last year. This raises the salaries of
the employes, and I am opposed to it.
Mr. STROUSE, With all respect to the gen-
tleman from Illinois, I think it is false economy
to reduce this very small appropriation of §5,200
for the employes m the seed room. It is offered
probably on the piirietple of saving at the spigot
and wasting at the bung. The persons employed
by the Commissioner of Agriculture to do this
work are females, many of them the -wives or
sisters or daughters of soldiers, who earn a scanty
living by working in the Agricultural Department
for a very short time in the winter preparatory to
distributing the seeds in the spring. They receive
a very moderate compensation indeed. It may
be that their salaries nave been very slightly in-
creased; but I think it ill becomes the Congress
of the United States to be shaving down a small
appropriation for so meritorious a purpose as this,
and only to save $1,200. Let us not begin our
economy with such small things as this, but act
with a spirit of liberality and justice.
The question was taken on Mr. Washburne's
amendment, and it was disagreed to.
Mr. COX. I move to add to the clause the
following proviso:
Jlnd provided, That none but females shall be employed
therein.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 raise the
point of order that the amendment is not in order
unless that be one of the " contingencies for car-
rying on the Government." [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. The gentleman raises a point of
order on everything except whisky. The gen-
tleman's recent experience ought to make him a
little cautious how he intrenches upon dignified
Legislatures. [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was disagreed to.
Mr. COFFROTH. I move to strike out the
following item:
For propagation and distribution of plants, cuttings, and
shrubs, §14,000.
I make this motion for the reason that during
the last session of Congress an appropriation was
made for this very same purpose, and I received
no share of the plants, cuttings, and shrubs. I
do not know whether any other gentleman in this
House received them or not, but if they were
received by any other person I consider that it
would be unfair for this House to pass this appro-
priation unless these plants, cuttings, and shrubs
are to be distributed equally among the members.
Now, sir, all the seeds that have come from the
PatentOffice or from the Agricultural Department
to my district would not exceed in value fifteen
or twenty dollars. I received about the same
amount that the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Pike] spoke of, a few onion seeds, a few cabbage
seeds, and a little lettuce, and probably more cel-
ery seed than anything else; and there is very
little of that article raised in my district. My
constituents complain too that many of the seeds
sent them do not grow, that they will not come
up, that they are a bad article, and therefore 1
think it useless that we should spend the money
of the people for this purpose, for seeds which
will not grow and which are not fairly distrib-
uted among the people.
Mr. IiOLMAN. A number of years ago I
made an effectual effort to have this appropria-
tion stricken out. it was then but $5,000, it is
now §14,000. I am satisfied, from the disposi-
tion manifested by the House, that this appropri-
ation will not be stricken out now; but 1 wish to
call the attention of the House to the fact that
last year we appropriated only $10,800 for this
object.
(3entlemen sometimes confound the propagat-
ing garden with the botanical garden. It always
seemed to me that we appropriated a sufficient
sum of money for the embellishment of this Cap-
itol and its grounds, when we appropriated money
tefckeep up the botanical garden, but this propa-
gating garden is assuming the same proportions
under the patronage of the Agricultural Depart-
ment.
I have two amendments which I desire to sub-
mit. One is to reduce the amount of the appro-
priation to $10,800, and the other is to add to the
clause the following proviso:
Provided, That the propagation of plants, cuttings, and
shrubs felialt be confined to sucli as are adapted lo general
cultivation, and to promote the general purposes of horti-
culture and agriculture throughout the United States.
Mr. COFFROTH. I would like to ask the
gentleman if he has not had more than his share
of those seeds and cuttings.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Chairman, I am com-
pelled in justice to myself, as well as to the Ag-
ricultural Department, to say that if gentlemen
have received from the Agricultural Departmeht
last year no more than they have stated, land
my constituents have been peculiarly favored by
Sir Isaac Newton. [Laughter.] I am satisfied
that I have received for my constituents valuable
seeds, proportioned to the appropriation, and I
regret that other members and their constituents
have not, for any reason, received the same ad-,
vantages. It is proper to state, as a reason why
my constituents have been so much favored, that
I represent a moral agricultural district.
Mr.COFFROTH. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding "and that they shall be equally
divided among themembers of the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. The other branch of Con-
gress, I believe, has some little interest in this
propagating garden. I trust this House will not
permit itself to be charged with illiberality in ex-
cluding members of the Senate. *
Mr. COFFROTH. I will modify my amend-
ment so as to make it include Senators. The
amendment is necessary because there are some
members who are a little diffident about going to
the Agricultural Department to ask for these seeds,
or who have not such winning ways as the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman] has, and.
who otherwise would not get their share of these
shrubs and seeds.
The question was taken on Mr. Coffroth's
amendment to the amendment, and it was rejected.
The question recurred on Mr. Holman's amend-
ment, and it was adopted.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend by striking
out" gl4,000"andinserting " $10,800;"so thatit
will read, "for propagation and distribution of
plants, $10,800.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to inquire from the
gentleman from Vermont the necessity for the
following appropriation: ^
Territory of Nevada:
For salaries of Governor and superintendent of Indian
affairs, chief justice, and two associate judges, and secie-
taiy, §9,700.
Mr. MORRILL. I believe that since the esti-
mates were made Nevada has become a State. 1
do not know that there is any necessity for the
whole of the appropriation, but there ij no harm
in letting it remain. A portion of it will most
certainly be required—that portion in regard to
the superintendent of Indian.affairs. Of course
only what is legitimate and proper will be ex-
pended.
Mr. WILSON. I suggest that the appropri-
ation be reduced to $2,000.
Mr. MORRILL. The Indian agent, chiefjus-
tice, and two associate judges are to be paid.
Mr. WILSON. The chief justice and two as-
sociate judgesand secretary were all officers under
the territorial government, and their functions end
when the Territory becomes a State. I move to
amend by striking out " $9,700" and inserting
"$2,000,orso much thereofasmay be necessary."
Mr. COLE, of California. I ask the gentle-
man from lovva if he has any information on
which to base this amount of $2,000. He may
require more than that for the Indian superintend-
ency.
Mr. WILSON. I believe the salary of the
superintendent of Indian affairs is $1,800. That
officer will doubtless be continued, and it will be
necessary to pay his salary. <<
The question was taken, and the amendment
was adopted.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the clause
further by making it read, " for salary of super-
intendent of Indian affairs, $2,000."
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend by striking
out the next item, " for contingent expenses of
said Territory, $1,000."
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend by striking
out the next item:
For compensation and mileage of the members of the
Legis lative Assembly, officer's, cieiks, and contingent ex-
penses of the Assembly, §20,000.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. ALLISON. The Clerk has just read this
item:
For special and otlipr extraordinary expenses of Califor-
nia hunt cl.ums, #10,000.
I desire to inquire as to the necessity for this
appropriation.
