1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*fo9r
COURTS IN NEVADA.
Mr. STEWART. Before the Senator from
Michigan, who is entitled to the floor on the special
order, proceeds, I desire to move for the printing
of one hundred copies of the bill (H. R. No. 640)
to provide for a district and a circuit court for the
district of Nevada and for other purposes, as it
has been passed by Congress, in order to have
a. number for distribution in Nevada. The peo-
ple there will be anxious to know what the law
is, and I move that one hundred copies of it be
printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion will
go to the Committee on Printing, under the rules.
Mr. TRUMBULL. ! think the Senator's mo-
tion is unnecessary. We have now a standing
order by which ail laws thatare passed are printed
immediately, and he can get copies in a few days.
Mr.'CONNESS. The law will be printed m a
few days in the Chronicle, and the Senator can
send any number. The publication of the laws
is not much behind in the Daily Chronicle.
Mr. STEWART. I withdraw the motion.
STATE GOVERNMENT OF LOUISIANA. N/1
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the joint resolution
(S R. No. 117) recognizing the government of
the Staff of Louisiana.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish, with the consent of
my friend from Michigan, to send to the Chairan
amendment that I propose to offer at the proper
time to the pending resolution. It is to strike out
all after the enacting clause, and to insert this as
a substitute:
That it the duty of the United States at the earliest
piacticable moment. consistent with the common demise
and the general welfare, to icer-tabiiih by act ot Oongies 
republican governments in those fcJiatca whete loyal gov-
ernments have been vacated by the existing lebeiion, and
tlai*. to the ml) extent of &hen power, fulfill ihe requiie-
tnent of the Constitution, that ' the United Siare«  d>all
guaiamy to cveiv Mate ni tins Union a lepubiican form
of government.''
Si:c. 2. be it further resolved, That tin? impoi taut
duty is imposed by the Constitution in e\pies- terin  on
il the United States," and not on individuals or elates of
Individual:-, or on any miluaiv commander or executive
officei, and cannot L>u intiusted to any such pcisons act-
ing, it may be, iot an oli-iatehieal clax, and in d.srvpaid
of huge numheisof Jojal people; but it mus-t be perioi mod
by the United States, reptesentcd by the Pi evident and both
IJou es of Congress, acting foi the whole people theieof.
Hec, .1 beit fmtker icsolved, Tnat,in determining
the extent of this dul), and m the absence ot anyprecn-e
definition of the term i( republican f« nn of government,''
we cannot err, jf, \\ hen called to pet form this guarantee
under the Constitution, we adopt the self-evident tinib«
of the Deet.n.iiion of Independence as an atUbontative
)ti!e. and in-o-t th.if m eveiy iciMntiiished State the eon
sent or tile governed shait be the only just foundation of
government".and all men shall be equal beloie the law.
tfuc. 4. Ji I id be it f> other icsolved, That, independent of
the Declaration o{ Independence. it plain that any duty
impo-ed by the Constitution nm-t he performed in con-
foumtv with justice «md iea.iou.nnd in the light of ex-
isting fact*; that, theo-fote, in the perfoimanee of this'
gu.nantee, there can be no pow<ru!idei the Constitution
to d! lianehi-e lo\<il p"opie, or t<> recognise any such di —
fianehi-< UK-iitj especially when it mn\ hand over the lo \ ;d
majority to the government ot tne disloyal tmnoi itj : nor
can then; be any power under the Constitution to discnm
in.ue in lavorot tlie n nelliou byaduuttniir to tiie el--etoj.il
fr.tneiu-e lebei- who have foit-'iied all mriiNami by ex-
cluding low.I ni'i-on-v. ho have ncvci torn ned any light.
Scc.f). 'jlndbexi fmtheriesolvei!,'.i'hatthe United States,
now called at a c.'ims ot lu.-tujy to perlouu this guarantee,
will l.ui in fluty under  he Constitution, should Hiey allow
the lee-tahlishment of any fc?tatc Without piop' r salt guanls
for the rigliti of ail the citizen^. and especially without
making it impossible toi icbels now in arms agane-t the
national Government to a ample upon the lights of those
who are now lighting the buttles oi the Union.
Sec. 6. t/Jtul be it Jurt/ter re^oh c<J, That the path of jus-
tice i-j al*=o the path of' peace, and th.it foi the sake of peace
itisbcttortoobeythcUonMituiion.and. m conformity with
its requirements in the pertoimance of the gnaiantee, to
reest:ibli-h fc^tate governments on the consent of the gov-
erned and the equality o! a!i persons !>e!ore tlie law, to the
end that the foundation* thereof may be pennanent, and
that no loyal majorities may be again overilnovvii or ruled
by any oliirareine.il clas>«.
Slc. 7. Sind be it Juither resolved. That a government
founded on rmlitaiy power, or having it* ongni"in nniitaiy
ord< r-?, cannot b<' a Uiepuhiiean tonn of government"" ac-
cording to the requirement o! the Constitution; and th.it
its recognition will he eontiary not only to the Constitu-
tion, but also to that e-seuiial pnncipleof oui Government
which, in the language oi' Jefler*on, e>fahh-hes " the su-
premacy of the civil over the military authority."
Sec. 8. .2nd be it juither resolved, That m the States
whose governments have alte/uly boen vacated, a govern
mont founded on an oitLMiclneal ela->s,even if enoneou -ly
recognized as a "republican form of L'overnment" under
the guarantee of the Constitution, cannot su-uin itself se-
cuiely without national suppoi t; that ^ueh an chLMtehieal
government is not competent at Uin* moment to di-chai^ii
the duties and execute the poweis of a State ; and that its
recognition as a legitimate government will teud to en-
feeble tlir- Union, to postpone the day of reconciliation, and
to endanger the national tranquillity.
Sec. 9. *djulbeitJiu(hej rtsuloed, That considerations of
expedieijpy are in luirmony with the requirements of the
Constitution and the chelates of justice and leason, e-pe-
cially now, when colored soldiers haVe shown their mili-
tary value; that a^ their niUbkcts are needed for the na-
tional defense against rebels in the field, s-o are their ballot'
yet moie needed against the subtle enemies of the Union at
home; and that without their supportal the ballot-box the
cause of human lights and of the Union it&elf will be in con-
stant pesil,
1 ask to have this amendment printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, by the oflicial
census of 1860, the number of white persons in
the then peaceful and loyal State of Louisiana
was 357,629. By the proper election returns in
the same State, of the presidential election of that
year, it appears that the number of persons who
voted in Louisiana at that presidential election
was 50,510. On the 26th of January, 18C1, a
popular convention of that State was held in the
city of New Orleans, and that convention, after
what they regarded as due deliberation, passed
the following ordinance:
"Wo do further declare and ordain that the State ot
Louisiana hereby icsume^ all rights and powers heretoiore
delegated to the Government ot the Unned States of Amei-
ica, that her citizens aic absolved from all allegiance to
sa d Government, and that she is <n lull possession and
exercise of all those right- of sovereignty winch peuani to
a free and independent State."
It was the declaration of the national independ-
ence of the people of Louisiana. Immediately
upon the adoption of that tteaaonable ordinance
the State, like other States, became the theater of
an insui ivction against the authority of the Gov-
ernment of the United Slates. On the 16th of
August, 1861, tlie Piesident of the United Slates,
acting under and in puisuance of an ( xisting stat-
ute, dccLucd the St.He ol Louisiana and seveial
other States of the Union to bo in insurrection,
nrmed uisuirecuon ngratn.st iheGoveintnent ofthe
United Stales. Thus fix* d the political status of
that Suite; nt least from the date of the proclama-
tion ol the 16fh of August the peopleol thatSrato,
as a political community, were and have lemnine.d
and still are in a state of armed, bloody insunec-
lion against the authority of this Government.
The Piesident of the United States, in Ins proc-
lamation of the 1st of July, 18G2, nearly one year
after Ins fiist proclamation, agaut pronounces the
State of Louisiana to be m insurrection against
the lawful authority of the Government undei
which we live. On a third occasion, and by his
proclamation of ihe le't of January, 1863, com-
monly known as tlie emancipation proclamation,
lie aijain solemnly proclaimed to tlie woild that
that State wag still in insurrection against the
authonty of this Government. It is sttil by law
and in fact in astate of insurrection; its people are
to-day a"5 a community hostile to the Government
ot the United States, and its territory ts hosiile
tot t itory so far as t he statutes of the United States
and the pioclamations of 'he President ofthe
United States, in pursuance of those statutes,aie
evidence of that fact. The State has not yet been
reclaimed hy conquest; a very small poition of
it is now wjthm even the military grasp ofthe
Government, and evt n as late as the amnesty
ptoclamation ofthe President, dated the 8th of
December, 1863, the fact that that State and its
people are in insurrection against tlie authori'yof
the United States is again recognized by tin* Pies-
ident. 1 find in thai pioclamatiou the following
language:
" And I do Anther proclaim, declare, and make known,
that whenever, in any of tin; States ol Arkansas, Tey.i^,
Louisiana. 1Mi>-i-^ippi. Tenne.- et, Alabama, Gcoigai, V n-
ifitna, Florida. South Caionna, and Ivnth Caiohna, a num-
ber of poison-* not lc: s than one Tenth in inimbt-ioi the
votes ( a-t m •such State at the pi cMijculml flection in the
year ot oui Loid lbuU, each luivuig taken the oath afoie-
sanl and not In.v n>g siiice violated it, and being aijuaiifn-d
voter Dy the eleetioii l.ivv- of the State exi*tinc inine'di-
atelv befojc the •*(> called act of sece«..*ion, and excluding
all othei'., shall reestabhsh a State government wluchshail
be republican, and in nowise contravening' said oaih,^uch
<[i,\ll be leeoanized as the fue uovermnent ol ihe State,
and the State shall leccivc thereiiader the benefit*- of the
constitutional piovi-ion wh:e'n d-'eLne^ that 'the United
^t'lU's iroaranfv to oveiv tfmte in ibis U'i on aiu-
pub!ican foim of g(tV"i'inient, and shall protect eivh oi
th'M.i against niva-mn, u,d. on application ot the Lea. I.i-
ture, or the Executive, (when tiic Legislatuic cannot be
convened,) asMxii-t domos-tiC violence
There t*: an ass« iti.-.n of unthority on the p^rt
of the Executive of the United States—made, I
confess with pleasure, wuB the best of motives
and intentions, and for patriotic ends—an asser-
tion that the President of the United States, when-
ever one tenth part of the people constituting the
population of any one of the eleven rebellious
States shall see fit to constitute a government for
the State, will recognize of his own accord such
government as being the legitimate government
of the State, entitled to all the guarantees con-
tained in the Constitution of the United States to
a State peaceful and in the Union. And, sir, he
gives this assurance ata time when all these States
were engaged, by his own confession,the admis-
sions of his own solemn proclamation, in a wicked,
bloody, and wanton insurrection against the Gov-
ernment itself over which he is presidingas Chief
Magistrate. Sir, I cannot recognize the authority
of the President of the United States without the
subsidiary aid of an act of Congress to give any
such assurance to a community in insurrection
against the United States. I ask the friends of
tins measure, I ask those gentlemen in this body
who are so anxious for the passage of this reso-
lution, which is, or will be, a recognition of this
assertion on the part ofthe President of the United
States, where m the Constitution do they find
an authority given to him authorizing him-to as-
sure one tenth part of the people of ari insurrec-
tionary State that they, to the exclusion of all
other portions of the population of that State, shall
be recognized as the State, and be entitled to all
the benefits of the guarantee contained in the Con-
stitution ? Sir, it seems to me, without imputing
or intending to impute any wrongful intention to
the excellent President of the United States, that
heie is an attempt u>sueu.h the executive author-
ity beyond anything which the country has thus
far witnessed, and i think it is time Congress, in
whom, according to my ideas, rests, arid re-sts
solely, the authority of readmitting and recon-
st mouiig the tcbelhous States, should lay. hold of
this subject, assoit tin ir power, and provide by
some statute of uniform application for the recoti-
stiuction, as it is culled, and readmission, of the
tnsunoctionary States. That is their right and
t heir duly; that is not the right, it is not the duty,
of the Piesident of the United States, in my
opinion.
Mi. President, in order to determine what ex-
tent of power Congress possesses over a State
once in rebellion, and now subdued by the na-
tional arms, we must look inrfo the nature of the
State governments, and the relations they bear to
the national Government. TfihoSenator from Mis-
sotni, [Air. Henderson,] in the discussion of
yesterday, scorned to be very much perplexed m
his miiiil to determine what is a State. Me put
the question with a great deal of earnestness and
emphasis, and,as I thought, with an earnest dis-
position to have itnnswered. i was in hopes the
Senator would himself have furnished an answer
winch should at least have indicated clearly what
Ins own opinion is on that very important ques-
tion; but 1 regret to say he left my mind still in
the dark as to what ins real opinion was upon the
point.
What, then, is a State? A vague idea seems to
prevail in some quarters that mere teiritoual ex-
tent defined by certain geographical boundaries
compoM'S a State; - that as this superficial extent of
country is included within the jurisdictional limits
of the Federal Government, and cannot by any
physical possibility he put or got out of those
limits, the State is always and necessarily m the
Union; that the State remains the same, however
tr< asonable may be the conduct of its inhabitants
tosvaid the national Government; that as Con-
gress has no power, without the consent of a
State, toalter its boundaries,the ngh'.softheSlate,
as a .Slate, are beyond our teach under the Con-
stitution; and that although its people may have
rebelled againstourauthoruy, and crimsoned their
soil with the blood of loyal men, yet the moment
we have subdued them by our arms, the State, the
laud, the geographical supei ficies, is endowed
with ongfnul State rights—rights which shield its
inhabitants against any exertion of the national
aulhoiily oxeepi 1:1 the ree^abhshmcnt of Fed-
otnl courts of justie«*5 post olilces,custom-houses,
and other maeuinery fui the eufoiccment of the
acts of C  ngr  f-s; but that over the domestic af-
fairs ofthe inhabitants, those aiFaiis which in ihe
-ib-.-jiro of insurrection would confessedly have
priLoind to the State alone, we have no power
whatever, and that the inhabitants residing on th«
