' 1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
327
shall convene again on the first Monday of De- m
cevnber.
Mi. DOOLITTLE. I suppose it might be
amended so as to provide for the appointment
by ih<; Speaker of tour members of the present
House who are also reelected to the next House.
The law can confcr that authority.
Mr. GRIMES. I suppose the commission that
these men will hold from their Speaker will ex-
pire at the same time that the power of the
Speaker expires. How is the Speaker going to
know in advance who are reelected and who are
not until the credentials can be filed in the House
of'Representatives ?
Mr. SUMNER. There can be no objection,
for instance, to Congress appointing persons who
are not members, outsiders absolutely.
Mr. GRIMES. That isanotiier question. The
question here is, whether we shall appoint mem-
beis of tiie Senate and House of Representatives
or nbt. We cannot appoint those who are said
by common rumor to have been reelected to the
next House, because those very men may be
decided by the House itself not to be membeis of
that body. •
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Perhaps all that might be
avoided by amending; the resolution so as to read,
4< four members of the House, to be appointed by
the Speaker of the House of Representatives."
Then, if he should name any four peisons who
are not elected to the next House, the law would
confer upon them the authority to act on the com-
mittee during the recess. He, doubtless, would
appoint those who are elected to the next House.
Personally, of course, 1 should have no objection
if this commission were confined to the Senate;
but I think it would be more satisfactory to the
country, and more satisfactory to the House of
Representatives, as well as to the Senate, that the
commission should be a joint one, consisting of
members ot the House as well as members of the
Senate. That was the view of the Committee on
Indian Affairs in reporting this resolution. 1
therefore move to amend the resolution as I have
indicated.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark.)
The Senator fiom Wisconsin moves to amend
the resolution by inserting; m line four the word
"present" before " House," and after the word
" llonse" by inserting " to be appointed by the
Speaker of the House of Representatives," so
that it will read:
That there he raided a joint committee, to consi-t of three
member of ih<' Senate and kmr niembeis of the piexmt
Hou^e, to be appointed by the Speakci of the Ilou->c of
Repic-'-ntativc-. in inrjune into the present condition of
the Indian tribes, &c.
Mr. WILSON. It doe1! seem to me that three
members of this body will makea committee large
enough for the purposes of this investigation. It
will cost something, and I do not see any neces-
sity of adding to expense in that direction. If
any committee is raised, I hope we shall appoint
a committee of three of this body, which will be
ample in its numbers for all pin poses, i hope
the resolution will be so amended as to provide
for the appomtmentof a committee of three niem-
bersof the Senate to make this investigation. It
will bo large enongh, and will be cheaper to the
country than the present appropriation. We can-
not afford to make any expenditures which can
be avoided.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator
fiom Wisconsin.
The amendment was agreed to; theie being, on
a division—ays 20, noes 12.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I wish to say one word
to my ni-'iui from Massachusetts. He suggests
that this ought to be a committee composed en-
tirely of members of the Senate,and that it should
notconsistof more than three in number. I think
that is a mistake. If we are to go into an inves-
tigation of this matter, I think the committee
ought to be numerous enough to allow it to be
subdivided, so that it could take testimony in dif-
ferent sections of the United States bearing on
this question. It would be impossible for three
men to do anything or m ike any investigation
that would be efficient and worth anything. If
we are to go into it, so far ys I am concerned, 1
desire that it shall be thoroughly done. If itshall
be composed of seven members, two members of
the committee sitting together could take testi-
mony and examine in relation to the state of
Indian affairs in a certain section or in the Ter-
ritories, while the others were employed else-
where. I think it would be more satisfactory to
our country to have the committee composed of
members of the House as well as members of the
Senate.
Mr. MORRILL. I should like to inquire of
the Senator from Wisconsin, the chairman of the
Committee on Indian Affairs, who has introduced
this proposition, what is expected to be accom-
plished by it, and what is really the public neces-
sity or exigency for such a measure.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Every one, it seems to
me, must be aware that a great deal is said both
publicly and privately among members of Con-
gress in relation to the administration of Indian
affairs both by the superintendents and agents
who are appointed and have charge of these mat-
ters as well as by the military authorities who are
dealing with them in the various Territories of
the United States. It isalk'ged—I will nor vouch
for the truth of all these allegations—that in some
of the Teiritones some of our military officers in
command sometimes enter upon an expedition
and get up an Indian war involving us in the ex-
penditure of millions of dollars. U is also alleged
that the superintendents and agents m the admin-
istration of Indian affa:1 ; m the Territories have
been guilty of fraudulent piactices by which the
Government is subjected to great expense and
the Indians themselves badly treated. So much
has been said on the -subject that it is believed
that if we c.mnot reform altogether the adminis-
tration of Indian affairs, it would be a matter of
economy at least to the Government to spend
some moiX'y and some time in having an investi-
gation into the truin of these allegations, and to
report to the next Congress any suggestions which
may occur to the committee for the better admin-
istration of Indian affairs.
Mr. HEJNDRICRS. I .shall vote for a com-
mittee representing both blanches of Congress.
I think it ought to be «\ eongiessiorial committee,
because it i:  for the investigation of a very im-
portant subject. In addition to what the Senator
from Wisconsin has said, 1 will say that this morn-
ing i learned that in August last the Governor of
the Tenitory of Colorado issued a proclamation
in which, after reciting that some of the Indian
tribes were in a state of hostility against the
whites, he required all the Indians to report them-
selves at certain military posts, stating that those
I who (hi! not leporl themselves ut these posts were
to b< legardedasin a state of hostility against the
people of that Territory. Pie then called upon
the people there to organize into military compa-
nies, dneeting them, alter being thus organized,
to exterminate the Indians who did not report
themselves at the military posts, and said to those
companies he had no means of paying them, but
that they must pay themselves by taking the prop-
erty of the Indians. That was the proclamation
as i read it—and I presume it was n correct copy
of the pioclamation, biou^ht to me by ageirle-
mnn in whom I have confidence—dated on the Jlih
of August last. I presume the troubles in that
region of country have grown out of that procla-
mation—a most horrible thing. I am in favor of
a committee icpresentmg the entire Congress, and
that the investigation shall be thorough. I do not
intend to throw any blame on the Administration
here about it. I believe the wrongs to the Indians
have continued for a numberof Administrations;
and I believe, fui ther, that most of the Indian wais
are the lesults of outrages committed by our own
people upon them. I think Congress ought to
take such steps as will save the nation from the
calamities of Indian wars.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I moveto amend the reso-
lution so as to provide that the three members on
the part of the Senate shall be appointed by the
President of the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. I suggest to the Senator that
he leave that out, and also strike out that poition
of the resolution which directs that the members
on the part of the House of Representatives shall
be appointed by the Speaker. It does not strike
me hs proper for the Senate to undertake to pre-
set ibe to the House how they shall appoint their
committees. I think that should be left out,and
let each body appoint its own members of tins
committee according to the regulations and rules
established by the body. We have a method by
which we provide for the appointment of our
committees*, I believe not by the President. It
would not be proper for * he House to send Us an
amendment tor the resolution declaring that they
shall be appointed by ballot; and it may - be that
the House have their regulations as to how their
committees shall be appointed. If the Senator
will leave out all of the resolution in regard to the
mode of appointment of the committees, then it
will be right.
Mr, DOOLITTLE. In answer to the sugges-
tion of the Senator from Iowa, I will  ay that
those words were inserted on my motion with a
view to avoid a supposed difficulty growing out
of the fact that the term of the present House ex-
pires on the 4th of March; and by inserting in
the resolution, which has the effect of a law, the
words four members of the present House to
be appointed by the Speaker," it will confer upon
him the power to appoint them and give them
power to sit beyond the termination of the present
House of'Rcpresentutives. That was the reason
why thaf amendment was inserted. The only
question is, whether those words are not put in
there by way of amendment in such a form as
substantially to say that all the members of the
committee, the members on the part of the Sen-
ate as well as the members on the part of the
House of Representatives, shall be appointed by
the Speaker of the House of Representatives, i
wish to avoid ambiguity on that subject. I ask
the Secretary to read the clause as it stands.
The Secretary lead, as follows:
That there be raised a joint commit tee, to consul of three
member* of the Senate ami lour members of th. present
Uoiihc, to be appointed by the Speaker of the ilou^e of
Representative:*, to inquire'into the present condition of the
Indian tribes-.
Mi. DOOLITTLE. I move to insert after the
word '* Senate" the words " to be appointed by
the Piesident of the Senate."
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILKINSON. I see by looking at this
resolution that n provides that thecommittee may
sit during the tecess of Congress. I will inquire
whether a com mi tree of the present House of Rep-
resentatives, which expires on the 4th of March,
can sit properly after the termination of their term
of office.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That point has already
been discussed.
Mr. WILKINSON. I wag not aware of it.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third leading, was read the third
time, and passed.
ISAAC XI. DILLER.
Mr. DAVIS. I move io take up House bill
No. 94, for the relief of Isaac R. Diller.
The motion was agieod to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the hill, the pending question being on
the amendment icportcd by the Committee on
Foreign Relations, in line six, after the word
" thousand," to strike out" six hundred and fifty-
five," and in line seven to strike out the words
" and fifty-five cents;" so that it will read;
That the Secietary of the Treasury be, and he is heieby,
dnected. out of any money in the Treasmy not otherwise
appiopnated, to pay to Isaac R. Diller, late coivul at Bre-
men. the bum ot §3.000, in tnil for the expenses inclined
by him tor extiaclerkhne in his office.and loi mone\- ad-
vanced to destitute Ameiiean citizens, during-tin; inteival
between the l^t day of August, lb37, and the 2t)th day of
September, 1861.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask for the reading of the re-
port made on this claim by the Committee on For-
eign Relationsat the second session of theThuty-
Seventh Congress.
The Secreuuy read the report made by Mr.
Sumner on the 16th of June, 18G2:
The Committee on Foreign Relation*, to whom was re-
ferred the memorial of Paae R. Diller, late United States
consul at die poit of Bremen Gnmany. praying compen-
sation tor moneys expended bv linn while in the disehaige
of his- official dntie-, have hud the s.aine under coivsideia-
Lion, and now lepoi t .
Jt appear fiom the memorial that Mr. Diller wn* ap-
pointed by the Piesidf nt of the Unite*.; State ,,md confirmed
by the Senate, as consul to Biem m, in the >eai I8.V7; th.it
he took po?-cx<ion of the consulate on the i-u day ot Au-
gu-st ot that yeai, and that he continued to peiio:m the
duties thereof until the ^OtU da\ of September. a
penod ot iour 2 onemonth. and twvnt\ d.u -. Th;>t
dutiif" tin-; peiiod he leeeived ;u compeii-aima for In- •-er-
vieev ihe bimi <>1 .52.OUC per annum, as pioval* il by tho act *
of Amnist !^, winch was not Mifher'i;! to deiia\ lns„
personal e\pcnM>«., and that lie was al>o called upon to ex-
pend Ms private funds foi etoik hue. fuel,and I.dits, trav-
