28
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January "19,
eling expenses on official business, and the relief of desti-
tute seamen, to the amount of $4,380 55, a reimbursement
of which he asks.
The inadequacy of the salary which Mr. Diiler received,
and the necessity for employment by him of clerks, in or-
der to properly perform his official duties, is clearly set
forth in a letter from Hon. Lewis Cass, Secretary of State,
to Hon. G. W. Hopkins, chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives, dated
January 12,1859.
"The compensation attached to the consulate at Bre-
men," wrote Mr. Cass, "is$2,000 per annum,and the consul
is not permitted to transact business. The consular fees,
which in 1857 amounted to $1,177 27, are, under existing
provisions of law, paid into the United States Treasury. A
large number of American vessels are constantly arriving
in Bremen* requiring the immediate attention not only of
the consul himself but one or two clerks, and since the es-
tablishment of a line of steamers between New York and
Bremen the consular duties have been largely increased by
the number of American travelers arriving and departing.
The Bremen office is also made, to some extent, a distrib-
uting office for parcels and letters transmitted from the De-
partment to the United States consular and diplomatic offi-
cers residing on the Continent, the rate of postage being
about fifty per cent, less upon mail matter sent directly to
Bremen than if forwarded via Liverpool. Bremen is also
the principal port from which emigrants take their departure
to the United States, the number thus leaving amounting
in the first ten months and a half of 1858 to twenty-two
thousand five hundred and twenty-two, and for the first
nine and a half months in 1857 to forty-four thousand nine
hundred and fifty-one. It will be readily seen that the time
of an intelligent consul must be much occupied in furnish-
ing emigrants with information and in attending to their
wants. A competent clerk cannot be obtained lor less than
$600 per annum, which, in consequencc of the repeal of
the seventh section of the act of August 18,1856, regulating
the diplomatic and consular systems of the United States,
must be paid f«>m the compensation provided for the con-
sul. The cost of living in Germany has also, within a few
years, largely increased, as will be seen by reference to the
accompanying extracts from dbpatches of the United States
minister at Berlin and the consul general at Frankfort, re-
lating to the conciliate at Bremen."
Governor Wright, minister at Berlin, informed the De-
partment, in a dispatch dated September 18, 1858, that the
consul at Bremen "cannot,with the most rigid economy,
live upon his present salary," and S. Richer, Esq., consul
gencial at Frankfort, said, in a dispatch dated October 12
of the same year, that, for reasons which he gave at length,
it was his "entire conviction that $4,000salary and$1,000
for office expenses would be no mote than a reasonable
compensation''" for Mr. Diiler.
The memorialist states that to procure the services of an
American citizen as consular clerk, in accordance with
the " regulations," who was acquainted with the language
or' the country, he was compelled to pay his first assistant
$600 a year, which he did actually pay during the tour years
that he held the office, and that the German correspond-
ence lelating to emigration occupied neatjy the whole of
this individual's time during that period. To a second
clerk he paid $'20(3 a year, which, ho represents, was not a
remuneration commensurate with the amount of labor per-
formed, but as much as the memorialist was able to pay
under the circumstances. The total amount paid by him
for clerk hire is shown to have been $3,305 55.
The memorialist fuither represents that he was obliged
to expend $120 t'oi fuel and lights for the cun&ular office;
tliat he paid $350 for !he relief of destitute American citi-
zens, many of them sent to hhn by United States consuls
in the interior ot Germany, that they might be sent home;
and that his traveling expenses on official business during
the period of his consulate were {$(505. These journeys
vveie to Berlin, to consult with the American mimsterthere
in luMtion to the eompult-oiy enlistment of American citi-
zens; to Frankfort, to consult with the United States con-
sul there on the transfer of Geiman vessels to the Ameri-
can Hag during the Italian war; and to the portof Bremon,
to ascertain the real nationality of vessels for which Uni-
ted States papers were asked to render them neutrals.
The committee having requested the opinion of the De-
partment of State in regard to the above items of expendi-
ture by the memoriahs-t, received in reply a letter from
Hon. William II. Seward, Secretary of State, dated April
12, 1862, in which he said:
"In irgard to office expenses t for fuel and lights,' I have
to stale that the Department has never authorized any con-
sul to charge such expenditures to the Government.
" Neither are consuls allowed to charge the Government
their ' traveling expenses,5 unless, which is very rarely the
'case, they are traveling on public business under the spe-
cial orders of the Department, or of a United States lega-
tion.
''There is no appropriation subject to the disposition of
the Department to enable it to refund to ministers and con-
suls the donations which they may make in charity to des-
titute American citizens other than seamen. On two oc-
casions a bill fortius purpose has passed the Senate, but
was lost in the House of Representatives after debate, on
the ground that it would lead to a large and constantly in-
creasing expenditure. In this view of the subject the De-
partment fully concurs. Special appropriations have been
occasionally made by Congress, from time to time, for the
iclief of the consuls at Panama, Havana, Hong Kong, and
Mauritius, for the relief thus afforded to Amcncan citi-
zens; at the two places first named, American citizens arc
often oveitcikcn with sickness, and thrown destitute upon
the charity of the consul and his countrymen.
"At Bremen, also, a port from whence a large part of
the emigration to the United States takes its departure,
and where natmahzed American citizens constantly ar-
rive. thi're is a large and ficquctit call upon the consul lor
his charily.
"Should it appear that such charitable gifts have been
judiciously made, and the proof be, such as has been ac-
cepted by the accounting officers in adjusting the claims of
consuls under similar appropriations, to which f have re-
ferred above, the Department is ot opinion that an appro-
priation under this head for the relief of Mr. Diiler might
justly and equitably be made.
" In regard to clerk hire, I have to state that the repeal
of the seventh section of the diplomatic and consular act
of August 18,1856, has operated very severely upon many
of the consulates at which the consular business is such as
to require the employment of cierks, whose compensation
must be defrayed by the consul himself from his salary.
The communications of my predecessors will furnish you
with the 'opinion' of the Department on this subject.
(See Ex. Doc. No. 68, II. of Ilep., 3oth Congress, 9d sess.,
pp.3, 5-13, 15-18, 20, 21, 55-62; also Ex. Doc. No. 44,
H. of Rep., 35th Congress, 2d sess., pp. 1-9; see also Re-
port No. 564, II. of Rep., 36th Congtess, 1st sess., p. 2; also,
manuscript letter dated December 12,1861, of this Depart-
ment, addressed to Hon. William P. Fessenden, chairman
of the Committee on Finance, United States Senate.)
"The opinions of the Departmentin regard to the inade-
quacy of the compensation heretofore paid to the United
States consul at Bremen have received confirmation dur-
ing the present session of Congress, by which it iias been
increased to$3,000 per annum.
" The circumstances of the case, in view also of the pre •
cedents to which I have referred, are such, m the opinion of
the Department, as to warrant the recomaiendation which
is now made of an appropriation for the relief of the peti-
tioner."
The committee have been unwilling to recognize the
claim for fuel and lights; nor can they recognize the claim
for travel except beyond the limits of his consulate. But
taking into consideration the inadequacy of his compensa-
tion and the meritorious character of much of the services
for which the memorialist now seeks renumeiation, they
think it advisable that the Secretary of State should be
directed to audit and settle his accounts on principles of
justice and equity, within the limits of $3,000. They re
port a bill accordingly, and recommend its passage.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I am sorry to be
obliged to oppose this bill; but I feel it to be my
duty to do so. In this case Congress is asked to
do for an old employe of the Democratic party
some years ago, what it has refused to do by a
direct vote for a meritorious servant of their own
at the present time. There is no pretense, or if
there is there is no evidence, that Mr. Diiler dis-
covered that he was doing such a losing business
all the while he was doing it. lie was appointed
in 1857 and remained until 18G1, and received the
salary provided by law, which he says was not
sufficient for him. I understand—and 1 get it from
my learned friend on my left [Mr. Sumner]—that
applications are coming from all over the world
to this Government at the present time stating the
inadequacy of the compensation that is paid to
consuls now; and I understand the honorable Sen-
ator to think that a great many of those repre-
sentations arc well founded, and that their com-
pensation is inadequate. In the case of the con-
sul at Halifax, referred to the other day, we not
only had these facts, which I think commend-
ed themselves to the whole Senate, but we had
the recommendation of the Committee on Com-
merce.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark.)
It bccomes the duty of the Chair to interrupt the
Senator to call up the order of the day, being the
unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. HALE. Very good, sir; I shall have the
floor when this claim comes up again, I suppose.
MILITARY SERVICE.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The unfin-
ished business of yesterday is the bill (H. R. No.
583) to amend the twenty-first section of an act
entitled "An act to define the pay and emolu-
ments of certain officers of the Army, and for
other purposes," approved July 17, 1862.
Mr. CHANDLER. I believe the House bill
No. 307 was made the special order for this time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will inform the Senator that the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday supersedes the special order
by the operation of the rules and practice of the
Senate.
Mr. CHANDLER. I give notice that I will call
up that bill the very moment this is disposed of.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
before the Senate is on an amendment of the Sen-
ator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] to an amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson.]
The bill and the amendment, and the amendment
to the amendment, will be read for the informa-
tion*of the Senate.
The Secretary read them. The amendment
submitted by Mr. Wilson ia to add the follow-
ing additional sections:
Sec. 2. Jhid he it fuither enacted. That it is not within
the intent ot the fir&t section of the act of March 3, 1863,
entitled "An act to authorise the brevetting of volunteer
and other officers in the United States service,"-aurhoi iz-
ing the Piesidcnt to confer brevet rank for gallant actions
and meritorious conduct, to make a distinction as to pay
between officers of volunteer and other forces, including
the regular Army; but that such bievet rank does not en-
title any officer, either of the regular Army or volunteers,
to any increase of pay or emoluments.
Sec. 3. And be it Jurtker enacted, That if a soldier, dis-
charged for wounds received m battle, die before receiving
the bounty provided by the act of March 3, 1863, entitled
"An act to amend an act to authorize the employment of
volunteers," &c.,the bounty due shall descend to his heirs
in the same manner and order of succession as if he had
died in the service.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
informed that the Senator from Ohio yesterday
proposed to modify his amendment to the amend-
ment. Will he state the modification?
Mr. SHERMAN. My amendment is not of-
fered as an amendment to that of the Senator from
Massachusetts, but as an independent proposition.
The amendment of Mr. Wilson was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now offer my proposition
as a new section:
And he it further enacted, That no alien whohas resided
in the United States for five years prior to the 19th day of
April, 1861, and who if naturalized would have been sub-
ject to military duty, shall be hereafter naturalized, any act
to the contrary notwithstanding. ■
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in, and or-
dered to be engrossed. The bill was ordered to
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed. Its title was amended by the addition
of the words " and for other purposes."
IIOTJSB BILLS REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. G40) providing for a dis-
trict and a circuit court of the United States for
the district of Nevada, was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The bill (H. R. No. 689) to provide for Acting
Assistant Treasurers or depositaries of the United
States in certain cases, was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Finance.
COMMERCE AMONG THE STATES.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move to take up
House bill No. 307, which was made the special
order of the day.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
307) to regulate commerce among the several
States.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, the bill which
is now before the Senate, according to my view,
involves principles of great importance, which it
is very desirable, if they have not been settled,
should be settled at the very earliest possible time.
I do not know officially, for there is nothing on
the face of the bill which gives the information,
whether it is the purpose of the bill only to act
practically upon a particular railroad or to affect
all the railroads in the country. The legal opera-
tion of the bill will of course be coextensive with
all the railroads that there may be now or at any
time hereafter in any of the States of the Union.
During the long period that has elapsed from
the adoption of the Constitution to the present
time, no such measure as this has ever been pro-
posed; and as far as I am advised, the statesmen
by whom the Constitution was framed,and those
who assisted in the organization of the Govern-
ment under it, and all the men whom we have a
right to consider as the great men of the age in
which they lived, who have from time to timead-
ministered the Government either in the halls of
Congress or on the bench, have never pretended,
as I think, that Congress has any authority to
pass a bill of this kind.
Coeval with the Government, and during the
whole of the period to which I have adverted, it
seemed to be admitted as a proposition perfectly
clear, admitting of no argument to enforce it, that
over the internal commerce of a State the State
had exclusive jurisdiction, and also to be admit-
ted that with reference to all the territory within
the limits of a State the State had exclusive ju-
risdiction. The United States are not at liberty,
by any authority communicated by any express
words of the Constitution, to obtain jurisdiction
over any portion of the States, except, with the
assent of the State governments. That is very
clear. If you want a navy-yard, if you want a
mint, if you want a court-house, if you want any
other matter that requires for its success the pos-
session and jurisdiction over it of any portion of
