1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tke territory belonging to any one of the States,
you can only obtain it with the assent of the
State. The power given to the Government by
the provision to which I have adverted, of ob-
taining jurisdiction over any portion of a State,
was given because without it, in the judgment of
the Convention, there would have been no means
of obtaining jurisdiction at all. It was' there-
fore an independent power in the judgment of the
Convention; not a power incidental to any of the
other powers conferred upon the Government,
but a power which it was necessary to confer by
a special provision in order to give to the Govern-
ment the benefit of the exercise of that power.
There was at one time a doubt as to the true
meaning of the clause to be found in the eighth
section of the first article which gives to Congress
the right " to establish post offices and post
roads." The question turned upon the meaning
of the word u establish," as there used. Some
few contended that it gave to Congress the right
to make roads as well as to say what roads al-
ready made by the States they would use for the
transportation of their mails; but the received
opinion after a while, which was adopted and
has been umfoimly acted upon, and since recog-
nized as the correct opinion by the judiciary m
every instance in which any analogous question
has been before the Supreme Court of the United
States and the circuit courts of the United States,
has been that the meaning of the clause giving to
Congress the right to establish post roads meant
only that they had the power to designate roads
already existing.
I,n 1800 Congress authorized the construction
of the Cumberland road by the act of the 29th of
Match of that year. The State of Ohio had been
given by tvhe tict creating that State a right to a
certain portion of the proceeds of the sales of the
public lands for the purpose of making roads to
that State and in that State; and Congress,at the
time the act of 1800 was passed, supposed that
the proceeds of the sales of those lands would be
sufficient to construct the road which they pro-
posed to make by that act. That road was to
commence at Cumberland, was to run of course
through a portion of Maryland, a portion ofVir-
ginia, and through Ohio to its terminus on the
Ohio line. It became very important, as Congress
supposed, to provide for the construction of that
road, not only for the benefit of Ohio, but for the
benefit of the country at large; but the Congress
who passed that act supposed, as is very evident
from their language, that they had no power to
make that road without obtaining the assent of
Maryland, Virginia, and Ohio; and the law there-
fore provides that the road is only to be made
with the assent of those States. That the Senate
will see by the terms of the act itself.
From time to time, however, appropriations
were made for the further continuation of the road
out of funds in the Treasury, the fund received
from the sales of the public lands in Ohio being
found inadequate to accomplish the purpose; and
then thisquestion arose,wnatauthority hadCon-
gress to appropriate moneys of the Government
to such a purpose? There is in the Constitution
no express authority to appropriate money at all;
it. is to be implied from the provision that" no ap-
propriation of money" for raising and support-
ing armies (i shall be for a longer term than two
years," and the provision that "no money shall
be drawn from the Treasury but in consequence
of appropriations made by law;" but except so far
as the implication of the power to appropriate is
to be made from the existence of the limitation
upon the power in these two clauses, there was
no particular provision in the Constitution which
authorized Congress to do anything more than to
lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts, and ex-
cises. But in the same clause which gives to Con-
gieos the authority to lay the taxes, &c., it is pro-
vided that they shall nlso "pay the debts and
provide for the common defense and general wel-
fare of the United States." The proposition be-
fore Congress, which was submitted by a bill
afterward vetoed by Mr. Madison, and by another
bill afterward vetoed by Mr. Monroe, was that
under that authority it was perfectly immaterial
whether Congress had the authority to make the
road or not by express grant, it being insisted on
the part of those who gave a brond construction
to the terms of this latter power, that if was itself
an independent power; that is to say, that Con-
gress could appropriate the moneys derived from
the taxing power to any purpose which in the
judgment of Congress was material to the com-
mon defense and general welfare. But that was
soon found to be altogether untenable; and Mr.
Monroe, in a paper which, as I think, exhausts
the argument on the point, communicated with
his message of May, 1822, vetoing that particular
bill submitted to him, came to the conclusion I
will now state, admitting, however, that in doing
so lie had changed his original views. The lan-
guage of the clause, as the Senate will remember,
is that Congress shall have power "to lay and
collect taxes, duties, imposts, and excises, to pay
the debts and provide for the common defense
and general welfare of tho United States."
The strict constructionists, those who were
known at the time as the Virginia school of pol-
iticians, insisted upon it that there was no au-
thority to appropriate the money derived from
taxes under the clause which gives to Congress
the authority to provide for the common defense
and general welfare, except to the attainment of
some of the particular objects over which Con-
giess was given exclusive jurisdiction, and that
it was incumbent, therefore, to go into all the
enumerated powers conferred in the clause when
you were called upon to appropriate the public
money, in order to ascertain whether that appro-
priation was necessary to carry out the end sought
to be accomplished by either one of the enumer-
ated powers. In the paper to which I allude,
communicated with his message of May, 1822,
Mr. Monroe argued with great force (admitting,
as I have just stated, that in that particular his
own opinion had been changed on examination)
that as there was no limitation at all to the power
to lay taxes, &.C., as Congress could levy any
amount of taxes, any amount of imposts, any
amount of duties, and any amount of excise, it
was equally true that they could do anything
with the money which they should get from the
imposition of these taxes that they in their judg-
ment might think would conduce to the common
defense and the general welfare; and that the only
guard against an abuse of the latter power was
precisely the same guard (and which the Consti-
tution supposed to be a sufficient guard) against
the abuse of the taxing power; that is to say, re-
sponsibility to the people.
The people need not be apprehensive that more
than a sufficient amount of taxes would be raised;
first, because such taxation would operate on the
members of Congress who might impose it; and
second,because they would know when they were
imposing it that they must go home and account
why u was that they had levied such an amount
of taxation on the people; and as that was, ac-
cording to the theory of the Constitution, taken
to be a sufficient protection against the abuse of
that power, it was also a sufficient guard against
the abuse of the other power—the power of ap-
propriating money which they should get by
means of the taxing power to any improper or
injurious purpose; and he came therefore to this
conclusion, thatif there was money in the Treas-
ury, which could only get therethrough the tax-
ing power, Congress might use it in any way that
Congress thought proper, and that it would be a
legitimate use if they used it for the accomplish-
ment of any national as contradistinguished from
any mere local or State object, but that they had
the right to decide for themselves what was na-
tional; and if they decided erroneously it was a
matter that could not be inquired into in any other
way than by an appeal to the people and a change
of the members of the legislative councils of the
country, and the repeal of the statute. He came
then to the conclusion, with reference to the par-
ticular bill, that Congress mightappropriate what-
ever money it thought proper for the completion
of the Cumberland road, and for the completion
of any other work of internal improvement; but
he considered—and in thathe was justified by the
whole course of the Government—as perfectly
clear that the authority to appropriate money for
the construction of any internal improvement did
not carry with it the authority to construct the
improvement. That involved the exercise of ter-
ritorial jurisdiction, and the territorial jurisdiction
was a matter intrusted entirely to the States. If,
therefore, a road was to be made, the road was to
bo made by State authority; arid so in relation to
a canal.
I have not got the book by me, but I know t
speak it correctly. It would be very unnecessa-
rily trespassing upon the Senate to read the'de-
cisions which from time to time have^been given
upon that clauac, or upon the clause authorizing
Congress to establish post offices and post roads.
It is sufficient for my purpose to refer to a sen-
tence or two in an opinion of the circuit court for
the seventh circuit, which I say, with perfect
knowledge, is in accordance with the decisions of
the Supreme Court where such questions .have
arisen, and with the opinions of the other circuU
courts before whom the question has been pre-
sented. And it should be the more persuasive, I
think, because it was pronounced by Mr. Justice
McLean, who was, if such an expression could
be used in relation to a judge, ratner latitudina-
rian in his constructions of the Constitution, and
thought that there was hardly anything that the
Federal Government could not do under some of
its powers. The limitations to which,according
to hia view,, it was alone subjected, were limita-
tions comparatively few in the opinion of many
others who differed from him; but so far as this
particular question is concerned, he decided in
accordance with the view I have stated in what
was called the Rock Island case; and I read from
his opinion in that case, as reported in the sixth
volume of his own Reports, page 524, a sentence
or two. The case before the court was an appli-
cation on the part of the United States to have
arrested, by injunction, the bridge proposed to
be thrown over the Mississippi at Rock Island,
upon the ground that it would interfere with the
commercial power, under which power all navi-
gation upon navigable rivers was to be made free,
except so far as Congress, from time to time,
might impede navigation by the exercise of regu-
lations of their own, passed under the authority
which they had to make regulations concerning
commerce between the States:
"Under the commercial power, [said Judge McLean,]Con-
gress may declare what shall constitute an obstruction or
nuisance, by a general regulation, and provide for its abate-
ment by indictment or information through the Attorney
Genera); butneithcr under this powei,norunder the power
to establish post roads, can Congress construct a biidge
over a navigable water. This belongs to the local or State
authority within which the work is to be done. But this
authority must be so exercised as not materially to conflict
with the paramount power to regulate commerce.
" If Congress can construct a bridge over a navigable water
under the power to regulate coinmcrce or to establish post
roads, on the same principle it may make turnpike or rail-
roads throughout the country. The latter power has gen-
etally been considered as exhausted in the designation of
roads on which the mails arc to be ti ant-ported; and the
lormer by the regulation of commerce upon the high seas,
and upon our rivers and lakes. If these limitations are to
be dcpaiteti from there can be no others, except the dis-
cretion of Congress."
And then he goes on to speak of what might
be the practical mischiefs arising from the pos-
session of such a power by Congress; that is to
say, an unlimited power to go into the States to
build bridges over the navigable rivers of the
States, and to make railroads for transit. As I
have said, that limitation upon the authority of
Congress is recognized by every judicial decision
as far as I am advised which any of the courts
have pronounced upon any question at all analo-
gous to the question that is now before the Sen-
ate.
Now,Mr. President, what is this bill? It is
not a bill to make a railroad anywhere; and for
the purpose of illustrating the view which I am
about to take it is not necessary to speak of the
operation of a bill all over the country; I will
take a single case for the purpose of showing
what the bill does. I do not say that it has been
passed for the purpose of effecting that object,
for 1 do not know it officially, however I may sus-
pect it. The State of New Jersey in the infancy
of the railroad system, as far back as the year
1830, when nobody knew with anything like cer-
tainty what would be the result—we had no ex-
perience at that time which would enable a man
or a government or a company to decide whether
it would be a profitable business to engage in en-
terprises of this description—authorized the con-
struction of a railroad under a charter granted to
the Camden and Amboy Railroad Company. At
the same time they authorized a company to make
a canal called the Delaware and Raritan cajial.
The latter, perhaps, was under all the circum-
stances supposed to be a more perilous enterprise
than the former; for although in Europe canal&ihad
been made, yet a canal of this length had never
