1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
desolation, to do this a military force must be
kept up as the protecting guardian of this feeble
and limping State governments that cannot move
a step without the crutch of'military aid, and
which, if left to itself but for a moment, topples
over and expires of inanition, of the incurable
disease of being in a minority.
But all this we might possibly endure as being
but a harmless pageant were it not that the measure
before us clothes this mockery of a government;
this king of shreds and patches, this mistletoe
State regime that falls to the earth the moment it
ceases to cling around the flag-staffof the national
forces, with the high attribute of voting upon and
determining questions of legislation, questions of
war or peace, questions of prosecuting or ceasing
to prosecute the present war, in this Hall and in
the Hall of the House of Representatives. This
measure introduces here Senators and Represent-
atives whose immediate friends and relatives at
home have deliberately aided and assisted to put
to death myriads of Union soldiers from theNorth,
and in swelling up that vast debt of more than
two thousand million dollars which now rests
upon the country. Think you that such Senators
and Representatives, whose constituents have al-
ready been stripped of their property by the rebel
government, and brought down to the depths of
poverty; a community without the habits of la-
bor among the intelligent classes; naked, hungry,
despondent, and sullen; think you that their Rep-
resentatives would at the present time be safe de-
positories of the power to tax their constituents-
to pay this debt? Is it not, on the other hand,
the part of prudence to guard against the contin-
gency of having that debt repudiated by such
legislators and the still rrjore disgraceful contin-
gency of being, by their votes, aided by a northern
party, finally compelled to pay the lebel debt of
$4,000,000,000? And tell me, what right has
Louisiana, the majority of whose population is
to-day, wherever they are, hostile to this Govern-
ment and anxious for its overthrow; what right
has she, upon any recognized principle of public
law or justice, to be represented in Congress?
Her skirts are still dripping with the blood of the
defenders of the Government. The crime of
treason still rests like a blight upon the majority
of her people. The cries of the widow and the
fatherless still rise to heaven from thousands of
northern hearths in attestation of her unexpiatud
guilt. And can we as patriots, can we as pru-
dent men, take the criminal again to our bosom
while a majority of her people are our sworn ene-
mies, and by far the larger part of her territory
is now in the hands of our armed foes? Sir, it
is weakness to talk of the right of such a frag-
ment of the State to be treated as the State, and
something worse than weakness to extend, in
violation of all principle, the rights of a loyal
' State to such a community.
Again, this is to stand as a precedent for the
ten remaining rebel States. We are to be at the
expense of holding them all in our military occu-
pation, to bolster up each State government, each
being destitute of loyalty enough to support it
among the citizens, while the State as a political
community is, to the incalculable injury of the
faithful States, to be admitted to all the rights of
a faithful State here in Congress. Sir, I cannot
by voting for such a measure tell the people of
my State that although the blood of their sons
has enriched every cornfield from the Ohio to the
Gulf of Mexico, and they have generously con-
sented to pay their share of the cost of the war,
yet that they are entitled to no greater privileges
here than are the people of Louisiana, whom they
have justgrappledand overthrown in deadly com-
bat. I cannot commit so great an outrage upon
their feelings—so great a dishonor to their just
pride and well-earned renown.
I think the project of readmitting Louisiana
premature, and I fear it as a precedent. There
is no sufficient foundation of loyalty for its gov-
ernment to stand upon. Better far to establish
for it, and for all other rebellious States as they
shall be reconquered to the nation, provisional
governments for the regulation of their domestic
affairs, but without representation here to endure
untjl the mass of their people shall plainly see
their error in attempting to overthrew their old
Government, and shall be really and truly con-
verted to fidelity to that Government by contrust-
^'k)g with it the wietched abortion of a government
established over them by the narrow bigot and
petty tyrant, Jefferson Davis. I do not believe
that government by a minority, in Louisiana or
elsewhere, upheld by bayonets will tend to hasten
that most desirable change in the southern mind,
but that it will on the other hand retard it, and
keep up an unnecessary and dangerous irritation
against us. A brave people, fairly subdued, will
yield obedience to the sway of the naked sword of
a generous conqueror, while they would chafe
with contempt and scorn under the rule of a fee-
ble minority of themselves. In attempting the
work of reconciliation and readmission let us
remember we are republicans, and that we are
laboring for posterity. Let us adhere with unde-
viating steadiness to the principle that, the com-
munity being loyal, the majority shall govern,
which is the pole-star principle of our system—
between which and despotism, either single-
headed or many-headed—there is but one step,
and that a short one.
Congress ought, in my opinion, to take the
subject of readmission into their own hands. It
is for them and not for the Executive to execute
the important guarantee to each State of a repub-
lican government, and this duty presses upon us
more and more as our victorious arms advance
toward the close of hostilities. And in making
good this guarantee, the great, the indispensable
necessity is loyalty. To establish it, to give it a
firm rock on which to rest, the Government must
first show to itsenemies and to those of hesitating
loyalty that its physical power is as irresistible
as its motives are benevolent. Its enemies must
learn to feel a respect deep and abiding, for the
arrows it carries in its quiver as well as for the
shelter which its shield affords. This, in my
opinion, can be done effectually only by the enact-
ment of a proper statute, which shall present uni-
form inducements and means to the people of the
disloyal States to return to duty, to preserve order
among themselves, and to resume their position
among the orbs that circle the center of the sys-
tem.
Our duty is to reinstate the authority of the
Federal Government in the rebellious States and
to replace disloyal States with loyal Slates. It
is to assure our friends abroad that the crisis is
passed, the virulence of the disease broken, and
the healing process fully commenced; and to tell
our enemies that the cause of free government
has triumphed, that the great American Union is
safe, in spite of the sneers, the hopes, and the
malignant croakings of old iron-hearted legiti-
macywith its Janus face and harpy fingers; safe
from a gigantic rebellion, founded in hostility to
the rights of man; safe from the dec)) humilia-
tion of being the subject ot the world-resounding
scoffs of tyrants, had it faltered or failed; safe
from the guilt of having filled with eternal despair
the hearts of the Jo vers ofhbcrty, had its defenders
shrunk from the conflict or compromised, and to
assure both friends and foes thnr the genius of
that Union, standing side by side with the god-
dess of Liberty upon these western shored, ex-
ultant, defiant, still brandishes the flaming sword
of her power in the face ot ail despots and intrud-
ers who would question her Heaven-given rights
on this hemisphere.
Let us meet this great demand with a firmness
and a faith that shall soar above all party feeling
—above all profitless disputation as to the con-
stitutional rights of an insurgent. State, whether
they are extinguished or only suspended; whether
the State is in the Union or out of the Union;
whether a State de facto out of the Union, and
waging barbarous war against it, is a State de
jure in the Union, and entitled to send traitors or
the representatives of traitors here to sn in our
legislative halls. Lotus peifurm the plain duty
of providing provisional governments for States
occupied by our armies, rcscue the harassed peo-
ple from the tempestuous night of anaichy and
blood, and once more unfolding over them the
ensign of our national power and protection, say
to them: " Return to the ways of peace, revere
the Government of your fathers, the Government
of Washington, now grown more resistless by
your opposition to it; retire to your homes; re-
new your oath to your old Government, and
commence with us ix it-invigorated national life.
Lot us pass such a measure. It will in my
opinion be the sure and happy augury ot the le-
turn of peace* All along on the agitated hordar H
where the tempest of war has left its track of
desolation, woes, and tears, and far into the inte-
rior of the insurgent dominions, it will send the
prophetic sensation, that the old Government is
coming, not in wrath to unsubmissive children,
but with visage beaming with kindness and ra-
diant with smiles of encouragement, inspiring
confidence and hope; coming to bid war cease its
devastations and crimes, to restore the exile to
his deserted hearth, or if that be gone, to his
charred threshold or some other sacred object
which reminds him that the spot was once hia
home.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no desire, Mr.Pres-
ident, to state now the reasons which will influ-
ence my vote upon the resolution on the table of
the Senate, but I am willing to go on if the Sen-
ate are willing to hear, or to seem to hear. I have
personally no objection to going on.
Mr. WILKINSON. If the Senator from Ma-
ryland will give me the floor, 1 should like to
make a motion.
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
Mr. WILKINSON. I think it is rather late
for the honorable Senator to go on this afternoon,
and I move that the further consideration of this
question for this evening be dispensed with, and
that the Senate proceed to the consideration 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Of course I shall object
to having this matter laid aside. I am sorry the
Senator from Maryland should give up the floor,
Mr JOHNSON. I did not yield the floor under
the expectation that such a motion was about to
be made. I supposed it was some motion in
reference to ordinary business which the honor-
able Senator was anxious to present now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Maryland is entitled to the floor.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I propose in
as few words as I can to state the reasons which
will influence the vote 1 propose to give on the
resolution now under discussion; but before I
proceed to that duty i will state wiiat 1 believe to
be the facts out of which the question arises.
The State of Louisiana was safil to be in rebel-
lion by the President's proclamation issued under
the authority of the act of Congress of July 13,
18G1, but a portion of the State was afterward
recovered to the United States, and the authority
of the United States over that portion of the State
was reinstated. Fiom the time when the city of
New Orleans and the surrounding country were
taken possession of and subjected to the authority
of the United Slates up to the present time that
possession lias never been disturbed or that au-
thority juaetically denied. Until the 22d of Feb-
ruary, 18G4, the United States authoiity existed
only as a military authority. On that day an
election was held of officers und<n* the constitu-
tion existing at the time, that is to say, the con-
stitution of Louisiana as it existed at the time of
the rebellion, and as if theoretically existed on
the 22d of Felt uary, 1864. An election was held
of officers whose offices were created by that con-
stitution, and tor whose election it provided. At
that election there were polled 11,414 votes. Of
those 11,414 voters 808 were in the military ser-
vice of the United St.ites. By the then constitu-
tion of Louisiana citizens of Louisiana entitled
otherwise to vote who were in the mihlary ser-
vice of the United States were not authorized
during the period of their continuance in that
military service to exercise the right of suffrage.
These 808 soldiers and sailors, for there were
some sailors among them, would have been en-
titled to vote, and were entitled to vote if any citi-
zen of Louisiana was so entitled, except for the
fact that they were in the military service. They
had all the qualifications required by the consti-
tution of the State to give the right of suffrage
except that.
After that election a convention was provided
for on the 28th of March, 1864- That conven-
tion met on the 6th of the succeeding month, and
remained deliberating upon the business which
brought them together until the 23d of July, Xb6l,
I think, when what is now calU d the constitution
of the State was adopted. It wis submitted to
the people and by the people was ratified in Sep-
tember, 18GI, by a vote of 6.836 in the affirmative,
and 1,566 m the negative, and the government tbr
which that ivovules was orgaflfced
on the 3d ot October, 18(ii.
These, sir, are the facts. Thu Committer
