1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1097
State of Louisiana who were deprived of the right
of suffrage because of this order of General Banks?
As 1 understand it, no person could vote in Louisi-
ana, no matter how loyal, although he might have
borne arms for the Union and been opposed to
the confederate government all the time and al-
ways been for the old flag and the old Union, un-
less he would go forward and take the oath pre-
scribed by the President and swear to supportand
sustain all proclamations in regard to African
slavery already issued and all that might after-
ward be issued.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is a difficulty, I ad-
mit; I have always felt it; but we have had the
same difficulty in Maryland, and a very much
stronger one, and I should be very sorry to think
Maryland is not in the Union.
Mr. POWELL. Maryland is in the Union.
Mr. JOHNSON. How in? The constitution
which now makes her a State in the Union was
adopted the other day; I mean the one which
governs her. She has manumitted her slaves by
force of thatconstitution. No man in Maryland
seriously contests the obligation of thatconstitu-
tion in that particular or any other. But it was
adopted, in fact, by the exclusion of a good many
men who were entitled to vote. But we must
stop somewhere; there must be an end to con-
troversy at some time. We are not to be in a
state of" war forever; and I say in relation to
Louisiana what I have said in relation to my own
State, that it is better to let them in than to con-
tinue or to inaugurate a state of civil war by
keeping them out, or by denying the authority of
the constitution which they have thought proper
to adopt..
Mr. President, the honorable member from
Michigan has asked, what is a State? It has sev-
eral meanings. It may mean the authority which
composes the State; it may mean its peculiar
organization of government; but there is one
meaning which nobody has ever controverted to
be a legitimate meaning, and that is, that it means
the people of the State; and when we are called
upon to decide whether a constitution has been
adopted by the people of a State, and it becomes
necessary to ascertain which of the people of a
State should be permitted to adopt a constitution
under the circumstances, and we are satisfied that
it has been adopted by such a vote as this, I am
not for excluding them on the ground that there
was a much larger vote in 1860 than the one cast
in 1864; first, because it by no means follows that
because the vote was larger in 1860 than this, it
is larger now; and secondly, and mainly, because
all the evidence before the committee leads to the
conclusion that almost every vote cast was a loyal
vote, and that the votes not cast either did not
exist in point of fact or included persons who
ought not to vote on a question like that, being
at war with the United States.
Again, Mr. President, are these States to be
governed as provinces? That is the idea of the
honorable member from Massachusetts. If so
there is no limitation to the power of Congress.
If they are to be considered as conquered prov-
inces, or as provinces about to be conquered, and
to be dealt with by the conqueror as he thinks
proper, what is to become of the loyal citizens?
What is to be their fate? Where are all the lim-
itations thrown around the power of Congress?
All gone. Are they to be governed as Ten itoi ies
in the.sense in which the Territories of the Uni-
ted States are governed ? Are you to give them
territorial governments ? Suppose you do, is that
to take from the people the right to meet in con-
vention and establish a constitution for themselves
without a law of Congress authorizing it? Cer-
tainly not. It is the American doctrine that the
people have a right, as against the Government,
to meet and establish a government for themselves.
Whether it complies with the requisitions of the
Constitution when they afterward apply for ad-
mission into the Union as a State, Congress is to
decide; but Congress when it does decide admits
them into the Union on an equality with all the
other States, and that equality does not exist un-
less you leave to them the right to change their
State constitution from time to time as they may
think the necessities of the State require.
The honorable member from Massachusetts
has laid upon the table this morning an amend-
ment consisting of nine sections, which I have
^eud hastily, but I believe I understand their re-
sult; the first is, that Congress alone has the
power to say who shall be permitted to reorgan-
ize the State governments; the second is, that
in the exertion of that power it is to see that the
constitution be republican in point of form; the
third is, that it is not republican in point of form,
either because of the truths declared in the Dec-
laration of Independence or upon principles of
justice independent of those truths, unless the
blacks and the whites are given equally the right
of suffrage. That is a most extraordinary doc-
trine, and where would it lead if true? Suppose
the honorable member gotthe State of Louisiana
back under the authority of an act of Congress
such as he would draw, saying to that people,
" You are authorized to frame a constitution for
yourselves provided you will insert in it a clause
that the right of suffrage shall be exercised by
the black as well as the white," and they are ad-
mitted, does he think it would not be in the
power of the people of Louisiana to change that
afterward? What is Massachusetts authorized
to do now? Will the honorable member deny
that it would be in the power of Massachusetts
now to exclude the black? I suppose not; and
yet, if by an act of Congress you place it out of
the power of the seceded States when they come
back, under the authority of that act, to change
the qualifications of electors, they will not come
back as the equals of Massachusetts. And yet
nothing is more plain than that the theory of our
Constitution is (no matter whether you consider
it as a national Government, a consolidated Gov-
ernment, or a consolidated Union) that theStates,
with reference to the powers that the original
States possessed, are all equal. With just as much
propriety could you deny to either of these States
the authority to come back unless they would
surrender every other sovereign right belonging
to a State.
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to ask the Senator
whether, in his opinion, the Ordinance govern-
ing the Northwest Territory, prohibiting slavery
everywhere throughoutthat Territory,and which
was declared to be a perpetual compact, could be
set aside by any one of the States in the terri-
tory now.
Mr. JOHNSON. I certainly think they can,
except so far as rights are vested.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator then thinks Ohio
can enslave a fellow-man ?
Mr. JOHNSON. Just as much as Massachu-
setts can.
Mr. SUMNER. Massachusetts cannot.
Mr. JOHNSON. Why not?
Mr. SUMNER. Massachusetts cannot do an
act of injustice.
Mr. JOHNSON. Oh,indeed! Ididnotknow
that. [Laughter.]
Mr. SUMNER. TheSenatorought to know it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not think that is in the
Constitution.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon;
it is in the constitution.
Mr. JOHNSON. The United States Consti-
tution, or your State constitution?
Mr. SUMNER. Yes, sir; in our State con-
stitution.
Mr. JOHNSON. But it is not in the consti-
tution of your people. You sometimes do, or
have done, acts of injustice. What I mean to
say is this, and I am sure the honorable member
will not be able successfully to controvert it, cer-
tainly not by authority—that there is no differ-
ence between the Stateof Massachusetts and any
other State in the Union with reference to its
State powers. That is what I mean to say.
Mr. SUMNER. I mean to say that the State
of Massachusetts has no power to do an act of
wrong—no power constitutionally, morally, polit-
ically, or in any way.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is an act of wrong?
Who is to judge of it?
Mr. SUMNER. To enslave a fellow-man.
Mr. JOHNSON. You had them there.
Mr. SUMNER. Not since the constitution.
Mr. JOHNSON. It was not abolished by force
of the constitution, by any manner of means.
But there are other acts that Massachusetts has
done—and I am the last man in the world to find
fault with the moral or political status of Massa-
chusetts—she has done a great many things that
perhaps would not stand the test of very strict
morality. She has in former times stood by and
not prohibited the slave trade. She gave the vote
which denied to Congress the authority to pro-
hibit the slave trade for twenty years, united in
that particular with the State of South Carolina.
Was that right?
Mr. SUMNER. No.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think so, too; but still it
was legal. I am speaking of the existence of the
power. It was power improperly exerted; but
the men by whom that Constitution was estab-
lished, Washington at their head, and southern
men, too, for the most part, although violently
opposed to the existence of that privilege for
twenty years, yielded their opposition for the pur-
pose of bringing about the Union. The man who
spoke oftenest against it was Mr. Madison; and
yet his advice was overruled, and South Carolina
and Massachusetts are answerable mainly for the
existence of that provision.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not wish to inter-
fere between the Senators, but upon this point,
with the permission of the Senator of Maryland,
I desire to show, from the constitution of Massa-
chusetts, that it would be utterly impossible to
get many votes among the Louisiana negroes at
the present time, if the provisions of that consti-
tution were applicable to them. I read an amend-
ment to the constitution of Massachusetts now in
force:
Art. 20. No person shall have the right to vote, or to he
eligible to office under tiie constitution of this Common-
wealth, who shall not be able to read the constitution in
the English language and wiito lus name: Pi oindetl, how-
ever, That the provisions of this amendment shall not ap-
ply to any person picvented by a physical disability from
complying with its requisitions, nor tonny person who now
lias the light to vote, nortoany persons who shall be sixty
years of age or upward at the time this amendment shall
take effect.
Mr. JOHNSON. That would excludea good
many.
Mr. HENDERSON. It would exclude nearly
every negro in Louisiana.
Mr. JOHNSON. Now, Mr.President, the re-
sult to which I come is, that if a State was brought
back under such a law as is suggested by the hon-
orable member from Massachusetts, it would not
accomplish his purpose; it could be changed the
next day. It is a very easy thing for the honor-
able member from Massachusetts to say, and for
the State of Massachusetts to say, that the ne-
groes who are there, and who can read and write,
shall vote, because there arc very few there. It
does not make a pin's difference whether they vote
or not, so far as the result of their elections are
concerned; but if they had thrown upon them tiio
negro population of Louisiana, lost in ignorance,
divested more or less of moral sense, because of
the horrid condition in which they have been kept,
knowing not what the laws of God require, be-
cause they have been kept m a state of ignorance
—if they were all assembled within the limns of
Massachusetts, does not everybody know that
there is no State in the Union that would exclude
them more certainly than Massachusetts?
Why, sir, look at the State of Maryland. Ma-
ryland, by the constitution which she has just
adopted, emancipates all her slaves, and without
compensation; but she does not admit them to
vote. They are excluded; and what would be
theresultifthey were riotexcluded ? There were
seventy or eighty thousand free negroes in the
State when the Constitution was adopted, and
over seventy thousand slaves; altogether one hun-
dred and forty or one hundred and fifty thousand
Afiicans; aboutonc third of the whole population
of the State. To suffer them to vote would be to
control absolutely the intelligence of the State; to
place us in the hands of an ignorant population;
ignorant not because, perhaps, of any natutal de-
fect; ignorant not because ofany fault of their own;
ignorant because of the unhappy condition in
which they have been placed. But that gives them
no right to vote; because it would subject the
State itself to very serious embarrassment, and
peihaps to destruction.
But when the honorable member says that all
these blacks should be entitled to vote he ought
to consider for a moment. They aie about or-
ganizing some two hundred thousand negro sol-
diera in the army of the rebellion. They me now
being drilled preparatory to the authoi ity to bring
them into the service,^ One of'the houses of that
supposed congress hsl adopted it by a vote ap-
, proachingalmostunaniiiiity. The Senate rejected
it in the first instance by a majouty of moic than
