1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
merit that it was suggested he subjected himself
to and insisted upon an examination. The com-
mittee came to the conclusion, upon these facts,
that either inadvertently amistake had been made
in the office in putting up those bills, or that the
§9,000 had been abstracted from those packages
after they had been put in the tray the night be-
fore for the paymaster, and that it was either in
the hands of the Government when he was made
to draw his additional check, or in the hands and
pockcts of its unfaithful agents.
Under these circumstances it seemed to be but
the sheerest justice in the world tjiat this man,
who had no remedy, and no place togoelsewherc,
should come to the Congress of the United States
and should be indemnified for this loss. I sub-
mit to my friend from Illinois whether, with the
statement that it is a transaction all through of
the Government, and not of a third party, it is
not manifestly just that the Government should
refund this amount to liim. There is not the
slightest suspicion from any quarter, either from
the Secretary of the Treasury or li is agen ts, wh ose
communications accompany these papers, that
there was anything improper on the part of the
paymaster, or any want of fidelity or any want
of care on his part.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I certainly have 110 other
desire, in calling attention to this matter, than to
properly protect the interests of the Government.
I know none of these parties, and knew nothing
of this claim until I heard the bill read at the Sec-
retary's table-, and called for the reading of the
reporL; but it does seem to me it would be estab-
lishing a very dangerous precedent, and be unsafe
to the Treasury of the United States, to allow a
bill of this character to pass. If, however, Sena-
tors think not, of course they will pass it.
As it appears now, the transaction was wholly
between Government officers. Perhaps when it
was up before I stated that the check was upon a
cashier, and I may have said of a bank.
Mr. MORRILL. I thought you were under
that impression.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Perhaps I did say so; but
it was on the cashier of the sub-Treasury. Then
the case simply stated as the Senator from Maine
presents it is this: two officers of the Government
met together to pay money from one over to the
other; they found themselves short §2.000 be-
tween them; one did not have as much by §2,000
as he ought to have, and the other insisted that
he had got the $2,000; and thereupon the party
who had not got as much by $2,01)0 ns lie ought
to have, drew another check for $2,000 more and
made up the >.um; and the Government of the
United States, without any proof at all that this
money has been stolen from these parties, pro-
poses to pass a bill to make the thing good. If
this bill should pass, then if hereafter a couple
of Government officers get together for one to pay
over money to the other, and the amount paid
does not correspond with the check which the
man receiving the money has drawn, lie need only
draw another check and Congress will make it
up. I cannot think that'there is any safety to
the Government if bills of that kind can pass. I
move to lay the bill upon the table. If any gen-
tleman wishes to say anything upon it I will
withdraw the motion.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to say a word.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I withdraw it.
Mr. MORRILL. Let me look on the other
side of that picture. As my friend from Illinois
lias said something about the morality of this
thing, let me see what the morality 011 the other
side would be.
The Government of the United States appoints
an agent to disburse its funds, as in this case.
Everybody knows that when that agent applies
for the money he has got to make a requisition,
lie has got to apply to the Treasury. Everybody
undeistands that he is entirely within the power
of the Government represented by the Treasury.
The funds are all on the side of the Government;
the tray and the treasure are m the hands of the
Treasurer and the Government; and he very hum-
bly and meekly stands on the other side with his
check and hands it over, and the Government
hand him out just what they please, and charge
him in his account and on Ills bond with the full
amount. And yet when he comes here and makes
out a perfect case and shows you that you either
stole it yourselves or lost it thronght your infi-
delity, Senators rise up and say that the morality
of the Government does not allow it to rectify
mistakes or blunders, or to hold its own officers
to responsibility; we have got the power; you can-
not sue us, and we will not correct any mistakes !
It was not possible for this man, under the cir-
cumstances, to correct it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question right there?
Mr. MORRILL. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Would the Senator have
given his receipt or drawn his check for §38,000,
when he received but $36,000, under those circum-
stances?
Mr. MORRILL. I cannot Ray what I would
have done if I had been a paymaster, and, upon
the report, liable to be dismissed. It might have
been weak or it might not. That does not alter
the fact. It does not alter the morals and does
not alter the equity of the case at all. The Sen-
ator inquires of me whether I would have given
the receipt in this case. 1 want to call his atten-
tion to the fact in the case while I answer that
inquiry. The faet shows thatin this case, before
they allowed the paymaster to have a shilling, or
even to look at the money, they required him to
draw his check for the whole amount, and they
passed that back on the inner side of the counter,
he standing on the other side, and then they
handed him out what they chose; so that it was
not a question whether he would give a receiptor
not; they had got his check for $36,000; he was
in their power; and they handed him out §2,000
less. Theie is no mistake about that, no ques-
tion about it; and they handed it to him under
such circumstances that he could not resist it.
Mr. GRIMES. Was there no receipt drawn ?
Mr. MORRILL. There was no receipt drawn,
and none required. The check was in.the cus-
tody of the officers in the sub-Treasury, and they
handed him out what they chose, and they handed
him $2,000 less than his check called for. I say
the Government cannotstand a moment ill equity
or in good conscience under such a state of facts
and refuse to indemnify this man.
Mr. CLARK. I want to inquire for a moment
of the Senator what that paymaster could have
done under such circumstances. He needed the
$36,000 to discharge his'duty, and to pay the
men under his employ. He notified the Assistant
Treasurer beforehand that he should want so much
money and 111 such and such parcels and denom-
inations, and desired that they might be ready for
him the next morning. He goes the next morn-
ing to the Assistant Treasurer, and says, " Sir,
1 want that money," and passes over his check.
The AssistantTreasurer or one of his clerks takes
his check and begins to count him out the money.
He counts it on the counter. When he had
counted it he passes it to the paymaster to count;
and after he has counted it he says, " I have not
got my money; 1 have only got $34,000 instead
of §36,000. You have got my check for §36,000."
They kept that check, and declined to give him
any more. He has, then, §34,000 for his check;
he has §34,000 wherewith to pay §36,000. He
might have gone awav with his money, as they
had his check for §36,000, and found himself so
much short for paying the men in the employ of
the Government; but that did not relievo him.
He was then §2,000 short, and there would have
been that deficit; but, faithful to his trust, he
says, "I must at any rate have §2,000 more; I
must have §36,000 in money to pay these men at
the arsenal, and if you will not let me have
§36,000 on my first check, as I must have §2,000
more, I will give you another check for §2,000."
Now, who shall lose that money in justice and in
right? There is no suspicion that this paymas-
ter was in any way in the wrong; there is no sus-
picion that he was not faithful; there is no sus-
picion that he touched a dollar of the money; but
on the contrary, he was out of pocket §2,000.
Mr. GRIMES. Was there any suspicion that
it was stolen from his custody?
Mr. CLARK. None m the world; there was
not the slightest evidence given to show it. The
fault was somewhere in the office of the Assistant
Treasurer.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from JNew
Hampshire will allow me, let me put that very
case. Suppose the Assistant Treasurer is that
dishonest man; and it is not impossible that such
a case might arise with some of the Assistant
Treasurers of the United States. Suppose an
officer calls upon him with a check' fbr,$3s,Q00j
and he gives him §30,000, and refuses to give hi'fn
any more, there is no question about if; there.is
pretense setup that it may have been taken away
by some person passing through the office at the
time. I want to know from the Senator from
Hampshire if he is prepared by legislation to say-
that the man who brings the check there shall
draw an additional check, and relieve that dis-
honest officer?
Mr. CLARK. 1 am prepared to say that it is
the duty of the Government to relieve this pay-
master, for there is no suspicion of dishonesty
upon him. I do not charge any dishonesty Upon
anybody connected with the office. It may have
been a mistake; but the committee are as entirely
certain as they can be by any proofthatthis pay-
master was an honest man and did not receive
the money. If you lay this bill upon the table
or refuse to pass it, then this paymaster remains
out of that sum of money; he isadefaulter to that
amount. You propose to make him pay §2,000 ,
for you, and then not allow him for it. That is
exactly the transaction. It is between him and
the Government. If you are satisfied that this
paymaster was an honest man, as the committee
are, then it is the duty of the Government to see
that he is not harmed by their officers. That is
the way the case stands. There is not a pretense,
there is not a suspicion that he received the
money. If it was stolen by anybody, it must
have been stolen before the delivery was complete
to him. If there was any dishonesty, the com-
mittee are satisfied the dishonesty was before tho
money came to him. We do not charge that
there was. It may have been a mistake. Wo
are satisfied that he was not to blame about it,
and therefore the committee recommend that he
should be reimbursed the money, and I hope the
bill will be passed.
Mr. GRIMES. I understood the Senator from
New Hampshire to say in response to my inquiry
that there was no intimation that this money pos-
sibly had been stolen from thepaymaster. I will
read from the committee's own report on this
subject. They say:
" The parties had observed, while tile cashier was pass-
ing the packages from the tray, and the paymaster was,
setting down the figures, a man—a stranger—standing near
the paymaster, with his hands upon the postage currency,
and who immediately retired."
That postage currency, I believe, was this sum
of §2,000.
" It was assumed by the cashier that the delivery of ttie
money was complete when he had ' called off' the amount
of the several packages or bundles, and passed them from
tile tray to tile counter, as stated above; that the missing
S2,000 had been stolen by tlie stranger, and that, having
been so delivered and stolen, it was the loss of the pay-
master, who was accordingly required to draw an additional
cheek lor $2,000, in order to obtain the amount inquired for
his monthly payment."
Mr. CLARK. I misunderstood the drift of the
Senator's inquiry if he meant to confine it to the
transaction at the tray. I thought his inquiry
was as to whether the money was stolen after the
paymaster had taken the money. It was found
out before he accepted the money.
Mr. GRIMES. It must have been delivered
to the paymaster, or else this stranger's hand
could not have been upon the package.
Mr. CLARK. Here was the tray containing
the money, and the clerk counts it out in the tray
to the paymaster. While he is counting it out
they observe a man there with his hand on the
package of postage currency. The paymaster
had not received the money. There was no pre-
tense that the paymaster had received the money
at all. But lunderstood thedriftof the Senator's
inquiry to be whether somebody could not have
stolen it from the paymaster after he had received
it. He objected to receiving it, and this was en-
tirely before it was passed to him. He could not
have been accountable for it if it had been stolen.
The delivery must have been complete befoue he
was accountable for the money.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The question is on the passage of
the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the bill be
indefinitely postponed.
Mr. NESMITH. Before the vote is taken, if
it is in order, 1 wish to say a word.
This is the most extraordinary case of a claim
I have ever known brought before the Senate.
