1100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
they could adjudicate upon it, from the fact that
theyhay was not delivered; the Government de-
stroyed it before it could be delivered at the place
contract. There is no question as to thejus-
fice of the claim at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is there any question as
to the justice of any of these claims for property
belonging to loyal citizens of the United States
which has been destroyed? And yet we have
abstained from passing any law thus far to pay
for that property. Right across the Potomac here
hundreds of thousands of dollars' worth, and I
suppose millions, of property in sight of this Cap-
itol, has been destroyed by the Union Army,
some of it belonging to Union people, and yet we
have not paid for that property. If you are going
to commence the principle now on this little claim,
they will all come in.
Mr. CLARK. It is very true this is the first
case of the kind; it is very true there may be a
great many claims of this kind; but that should
not deter the Government, in the judgment of the
committee, from commencing at some time and
being just to these claimants. "Wecannot refuse
them all. The committee, so far, have delayed
action to know what might be the sense of the
Senate, and they presented this claim in the way
that they did, proposing to strike out a portion of
.it, in order to bring the question directly before
the Senate. The Seriate seem to think by reject-
ing the amendment that the whole of the claim
should be paid; or, at least, that one part of it
does not stand on better ground than the other.
I think so myseif, if the {Senate choose to enter
upon this class of cases. They must enter upon
them at some ume, and I do not see why we may
riot begin in those cases that are very meritorious
and urgent, and where the evidence is entirely
clear. There are many cases that may be re-
jected for want of evidence or want of merit, but
a great many have merit. There is one other
case that the committee have reported at this ses-
sion to which I wish to ask their attention when
I have the opportunity.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the chairman of the Committee on Finance
to this class of cases. He is the guardian of the
Treasury here. I wish to say to him that we
shall have to raise $1,000,000,000 more than is
provided for if the principle laid down in this
resolution is to be adopted. The Senator from
New Hampshire row avows that this is the first
case of the kind to establish the principle; and
the principle is this, that the Government of the
United States is to pay for ail the property that
its armies have destroyed. If the Government of j
the United States is to pay for the property that
its armies have taken and destroyed in the State
of Missouri, in the State of Kentucky, in the
State of Tennessee, and all these States, there
will be no end to the amount of damages and
claims that will be presented against this Govern-
ment.
Mr. COWAN. Are not the Court of Claims
paying for them now?
Mr, TRUMBULL. No, sir; the Court of
Claims are paying for no property of this kind. |
Mr. CO WAN. I think they are. j
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not at all. The law pro- j
hibits their paying tor any case of damages for i
property destroyed by the Union armies. They ;
only have jurisdiction of cases ausing out of con- j
tracts. ;
Mr. COWAN. This arises out of a contract.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then it belongs to the
Court of Cia mis, and has no business here. If
there is any contract on the part of the Govern-
ment to pay for this property, let it go to the
Court of Claims, where it can be investigated
and both sides in the case can be heard, and not
bung it here and establish the principle upon this
little claim that the Government of the United
States will pay for all the property that has been
destioyud by the Union armies during this rebel-
lion. There is no end to it if we commence.
Mr. CLARK. I do not quite like to be mis-
stated, as 1 am by the Senator ftom Illinois, un- |i
intentionally, I have no doubt; but I haveavowed !i
no purpose of asking the Government to pay for l!
all the property destroyed by the Union Aimy. ii
iheic is a gioat portion destroyed in such away |j
th:U there would bono pretense for recovering.,
payment for it; but when our Government take [1
the property in such a way as to make them liable ft
for it under the claim of property taken for the
public use of the Government, they are bound to
pay for it. That is what the Government have
always held; what we held in the last war; what
we have held ever since-—that when property has
been taken by the Government for public use;
when it has been taken by military necessity,
and destroyed to preserve our armies or advance
our cause, then the Government must pay for it.
Here was a necessity, as the military authorities
thought, of destroying this property in order to
catch John Morgan, who had gone over into the
State of Ohio, to prevent his recrossing into Ken-
tucky, and doing a vast deal of damage. In the
judgment of tlft committee it may have been well
that that property should be destroyed; it was an
act of precaution, at any rate; and on every prin-
ciple that has been adopted by the Government
heretofore the Government are bound to pay for it.
Mr.TRUMBULL. Ourarmies thought itad-
visable to destroy Atlanta, and I have no doubt
there will be parties there who will prove their
loyalty. Our armies thought it advisable to fire
shells into Charleston, and a great part of the city
has been destroyed, destroyed for military pur-
poses. Must we pay for this property or estab-
lish a principle that will require that we should
pay for it? I think this bill had better be passed
in a fuller Senate than this, and on the yeas and
nays, if it is to pass at all. I desire to record my
vote against if.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I am perfectly sat-
isfied that the Senator from Illinois does not un-
derstand the merits of this claim. Cobb & Co,
contracted to deliver a certain amount of hay at
Vicksburg at a certain compensation per ton.
They started to deliver that hay; and upon the
river, before they reached the destination, it was
seized by the military authorities of Kentucky
and destroyed, the boats as well as the hay. They
were in the completion of a contract with the
Government, and before they reached the point
of destination the Government seized it; and that
was to all intents and purposes a delivery to the
Government, for they placed it out of the power
of the contractors to go further. They seized
the boats, and seized the hay, and burned it up.
It was a regular contract at a certain price per
ton; and if there is a debt due upon earth, it is
this contract of Cobb & Co. It does not depend
upon the principle of general compensation for
property destroyed at ail. It was under a con-
tract, and they were in transit. No part of it
depends upon this principle of general compensa-
tion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then why not send itto
the Court of Claims?
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Because the Govern-
ment seized it under a contract before it reached
its destination; and the question is, whether it
was delivered or not. That is the whole of it.
It does not raise the question as to general com-
pensation for property destroyed by the Govern-
ment. It stands upon its own grounds so far as
the hay is concerned. So far as the boats are
concerned, if the Senate believe they should not
pay for the boats, well and good; but there is no
doubt but what the Government ought to pay for
the hay that they had contracted for, and Cobb
&. Co. were trying to deliver and were prevented
from delivering at Vicksburg because the mili-
tary authorities seized it and burned it up, so
that the boats should not be used by John Mor-
gan for the purpose of passing over the Ohio river.
It does not depend upon any such principle of
general compensation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
ordering (lie resolution to a third reading.
Mr. DAVIS. I move an amendment in the
form of a substitute, to strike out all of the reso-
lution after the* enacting clause and in lieu thereof
to insert the followeng:
That J. St O. P. Cobb, and all other loyal persons, nat-
ural or artificial, or any loyal State of the Tinted Slates,
who have oi mayhereaftet have any debt, claim, or de-
niand against the United State?, originating out of any con-
tract. expie-s oi implied, for the poshes-ion, occupation,ap-
propriation, or conversion of any property, real, or personal,
or nnxrd, by, under,or for the use or service of the Un-ted' *
Staii^, by the contract or act of any of its officer*, ayents, i
or employes, in the perfotinnnce ot their duties, may in>u- j
tute suit thereior against tiic United State® in the proper :
district or circuit comt theieof; and ail such suit*-hall he j
heard, adjudged, and determined by the >ame principles,
rules, and modes ot proceedings as would be applicable to
suit-1 between private citizens m such courts.
Mr. President, I propose by this amendment
to make the United States liable to individual citi-
zens precisely as individual citizens are liable to
each other, to the extentof a suit and a judgment.
Why should it not be so? Why should not the
United States pay all its debts originating in con
tract or in quasi contract, or for the destruction
of the property of the citizen ? Should the United
States be less just than the individual citizen?
Does not the United States owe to every loyal
citizen thereof protection? Does not that term
"protection" necessarily carry with it an obliga-
tion upon the part of the United States that such
money as it may owe to any citizen,growing out
of any of the class of cases specified in that amend
ment, should be paid by the United States? If
there is any power in the land; if there is any-
body, natural or artificial, in the land that ought
to he entirely just, and that ought to be answer-
able by the law and the courts to all citizens for •
all such debts and liabilities as are specified in
this amendment, the United States is precisely
thatartificial body thatoughtto meet this liability.
Sir, in my judgment, it has been a reproach, a
crying injustice, a grievous oppression upon the
part of the United States, from the foundation of
the Government to the present time, that it has
never allowed the citizen to bring suit against it,
and to make the Government of the United States
responsible just as one citizen is responsible to
another. I have heard it said in past years, and
I have no doubt it will be repeated, that the United
States is not able to pay; that if the Government
is allowed to be suable in the district courts, fic-
titious claims will be brought against it, and will
be sustained by false testimony, and in that way
the public Treasury will be plundered. My ex-
perience and conclusions are altogether different.
I believe that if Congress was to pass a law au-
thorizing the United States to be sued just as any
other individual, and competent legal officers weie
appointed by the Government to protect its inter-
ests, and to make defense against unjust claims,
a much smaller amount in the aggregate would
be recovered against the Government than is now
obtained by petitions and by bills passed by Con-
gress.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wishtoappeal to my
friend from Kentucky not to bury this little pri-
vate claim by a general proposition which it is
impossible for the Senate now to consider. I do
not think it is just tl^us to destroy the prospects
of the passage of a single claim that has under-
gone the forms of legislation up to this point by
the introduction of a general proposition that it
is impossible for the Senate now properly to con-
sider. I do not think the Senator wishes to de-
feat a claim that he sees plainly is so obviously
just and right. I appeal to him not to destroy it.
Mr. DAVIS. If I were at all convinced that
the claim would pass the Senate I should not have
proposed this amendment.
Mr. CLARK. Suppose the Senator lets it be
tried, and see whether it will be passed or not.
Mr. DAVIS. Are we not now in Committee
of the Whole ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint resolu-
tion is now in the Senate.
Mr. CLARK. Besides, it isa House resolu-
tion.
Mr. DAVIS. I suppose this is the only op-
portunity I shall have of presenting the amend-
ment during the session.
Mr. HOWE. No, sir; there is another bill
that has been reported from the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. DAVIS. However, at the instance of the
Senator from Indiana, I will withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am very much obliged
to the Senator.
Mr. SHERMAN. I listened to the debate the
other day upon the subject of this claim, and did
not intend to say a word, but simply to record
my vote upon it. My vote will be based entirely
upon this proposition: that there is no equitable
or legal distinction between this case and a thou-
sand others that f might give you that occurred
in the States of Ohio and Indiana in the Morgan
raid. In the State of Ohio horses were taken and
appropriated, not only to the use of John Mor-
gan and his thieves, but to the use of the Govern-'
ment of the United States. A commission was
appointed by our State authorities to collect
