336
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19.
going to vote for this bill, but that I would rather
vote for a bill to impose this sum of $2,000, one
half of it upon the teller and the other half upon
the paymaster, than to vote for this bill, because
they had allowed it, if they were honest njen, to
be stolen from under their own eyes at the very
time they were engaged in counting it. It is a
most extraordinary tiling to me that such a theft
could have taken place there.
Mr. NESMITII. It should be borne in mind
that there is no evidence presented to the Senate
' or to the committee that the amount of money
was ever counted out correctly. The deponent,
whose affidavit has beenread,saysitwas counted
by another person and put up in the bundles.
Thereis no evidence that the full amountof money
was ever put in the packages or in the tray. The
deponent swears that some other person did so.
He does not swear of his own knowledge that it
was done. But, sir, looking at the cavalier man-
tier in which this pay master disposed of a matter
of $2,000, when finding the count to be $2,000
short, he said substantially, "It is a matter of no
consequence; I do not consider that I am the loser
by it," there was a carelessness in the transaction
of public business and the handling of public
money which, if recognized, indorsed, and en-
couraged, will throw open the doors of the Treas-
ury to illimitable robbery.
Mr. MORRILL. I wish to make a single re-
mark in reply to the inference that this money was
stolen. Of course the committee considered that
question as to the probability of its having been
stolen. It will be observed that this money was
in large packages, that the package from which
the $2,000 was missed was a package of twenty-
dollar notes, done up in $2,000 packages, and all
embraced in a larger package. The $2,000 that
were lost were missed from that large package.
How could $2,000 be got out of that general pack-
age while it was lying in that tray in the presence
of both the cashierand the paymaster? The com-
mittee came to the conclusion that there was not
the slightest probability of its having been stolen,
and the inevitable inference the committee (ft ew
was that it either was not put into the tray at all
by the clerk who made it up, orafterward put into
his own pocket and the books made to balance.
Mr. HARRIS. I have intentionally refrained
from taking any part in the. discussion of this
question, for the reason that Mr. Brigham, this
jDaymaster, is my personal and very intimate
friend; and I have not been disposed, acting rather
in a judicial capacity, to take part in the discus-
sion of these facts. I know him to be as upright
and honorable a man as sits within those walls.
I am satisfied that no Senator here believes or sus-
pects, that no human being believes or suspects,
that he has had a dollar of these $2,000. And
yet if this motion is to prevail, this innocent man,
a man of uprightness and intelligence honestly
and faithfully attempting to discharge Ins duty
. to the Government, is by the deliberate action of
this Senate to be charged with this sum of j}2,000.
That is just the predicament of this question. If
the Senate choose under these circumstances to
postpone this bill indefinitely, this honest man,
this faithful servant of the Government, tins in-
telligent and loyal man must submit to bo charged
with $2,000, when nobody believes, nobody sus-
pects, that he ever had a dollar of it.
Mr. BROWN. I desire to ask the Senator from
Maine who made a statement connected with this
matter just now, whether the evidence shows that
theie was an entire packuge missing or only part
of a package? In the reading which the Clerk
gave it I understood that there was one of the
packages missing.
Mr. MORRILL. No, sir; $2,000 out of the
general package of $12,000. The package was
marked and passed over to the paymaster as
$12,000, in sub-packages of $2,000 each, and it
turned out that there were in that general package
only five packages of $2,000 each.
Mr. BROWN. I did not understand the read-
ing of it correctly when read by the Clerk.
Mr. MORRILL. The fact is as I have stated,
and that fact we thought negatived the idea of
larceny in the presence of the parties.
Mr. CHANDLER. I believe the honesty of
this paymaster has not been called in question in
the course of this debate. It is a matter of con-
stant occurrence for men doing large business,
particularly manufacttuers, to give notice the day
before to a bank that they require a given amount
of money in given denominations of bills. It
would appear that this money was put up in ad-
vance in that way; and in all probability, instead
of there being six $2,000 packages of twenty-dol-
lar notes there were really but five such packages,
so that there was but $10,000 in the package of
twenties though it was marked on the outside
$12,000. By the count as given by the teller he
had $36,800, but when he came to examine the
packages himself and to take off the figures there
were but $34,800. That was discovered on the
spot, and, as the Senator from Maryland justly
observes, it was no delivery; he never received'
the $36,800 ; that sum was not delivered to him.
He had no right to receipt for $36,800; he had no
right to give a check for the other $2,000. There
is not a merchant in the country doing a large
business who would not have said to his clerk
who permitted such a transaction, " Sir, I do not
know that you are a knave, but you are a fool;
you are totally unfit to transact this business; you
must leave my employment;" and if he held bonds
that were good he would compel the clerk to'pay
$2,000 before he discharged him, and he would
never let him draw another check in the world.
Mr. MORRILL. That question was referred
to the Assistant Treasurer, and he decided that it
was a delivery,and that the paymaster was bound
by it.
Mr. CHANDLER. But common sense says
it was not a delivery,and therefoiethe paymaster
should have said, " I demand back the check;"and
if the check was not returned he should have re-
ferred the case to his superior officer. There was
no delivery. The fact that the teller decided it
was a delivery did not makcita delivery. It was
neither a delivery in point of fact nor in point of
law. He has no claim whatever. I hope the bill
will be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to ask the Senator
from Michigan just one question. If he did not
get the $12,000, and only got $10,000 in that gen-
eral package, and if, in fact, it was not a delivery,
and if, in fact, the paymaster said " This shall not
be my loss," and the clerk proposed that they
should go and see the Assistant Treasurer, and
they went and consulted him, and ho said the case
was against the paymaster and for the office,and
this officer submitted his judgment to the judg-
ment of the superior officer there, ought he to lose
$2,000 for that?
Mr. CHANDLER. He had no right to submit
it to that officer. He might as well have turned
round and submitted it to the porter. It was his
duty to submit it to his superior officer, the parly
for whom he was acting as agent. If I send my
clerk to draw $36,000, and that clerk says " 1
will leave it to another clerk in this bank whether
this is a delivery or not," he cannot come back
to me and say " I have given away $2,000 of your
money." I would say " You had no right to give
it away; you must produce me that $2,000; and
inasmuch as you have been foolish enough to
yield that $2,000, you shall never draw another
check lor me; you are totally incompetent and
unfit to transact this kind of business; now ac-
count to me for the $2,000 and leave my employ-
ment as not a fit man to exercise these duties
further."
Mr. FARWELL. I suppose this paymaster
was obliged to have the money; if he could not
get the whole he was obliged to take enough to
make his payments, and he did. He could not
go off and leave the money. There is, how-
ever, one point upon which I want information.
There can be no doubt, 1 think, that this $2,000
was stolen. The cash account of the Assistant
Treasurer would show whether the money was
stolen, or whether it remained in the sub-Treas-
ury. If it was stolen by the clerk of the Assist-
ant Treasurer, this man most certainly ought to
have relief. If it was stolen through his neglect,
by the person who is testified to have stood be-
side him, he ought not to have relief. Upon
this question the deposition which has been read
leaves some doubt on my mind; and I should
like to know from the committee who investigated
this matter how it presented itself to their minds,
whether there was any explanation in regard to
the' man who appears by the testimony to have
been a stranger and to have handled the money
after it had come into the possession Qf this pay-
master.
Mr. MORRILL. The committee attached no
importance to the suggestion that the man had
stolen it. We thought it not at all probable that
the money could be accounted for in that way.
Mr. FARWELL. It is the only point that
raises any doubt in my mind about which way I
ought to vote. If I understood correctly the dep-
osition which was, read, there was a man there
who was a stranger who had his hand upon these
packages of money while they were lying on the
counter after their delivery to the paymaster.
These men are sometimes very adroit and will
take money in situations and places where it
would appear almost impossible. I really feel
some difficulty in the case. If the money was
stolen from the paymaster, he ought to lose it.
If it was stolen by the agent of the Government,
by the teller who put it up, the Government ought
to lose it.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 think on the whole we had
better adjourn; and I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
Mr. MORRILL. Lot us dispose of this bill;
otherwise it will take another day.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to; there
being, on a division—ayes 13, noes 16.
Mr. BROWN. I desire to vote understand-
inglyon this question, and to deal with liberality
as far as possible to this paymaster; but there is
one point on which I should like to ask whether
any evidence was adduced before the committee,
and that is, did the cash account of the Assistant
Treasurer the next day show his cash in a correct
state, or was there any surplus over?
Mr. MORRILL, We had no especial evi-
dence on that subject except what is contained in
the statement of the cashier. He did not state
how that was.
Mr. BROWN. The inference, then, is that the
cash was correct.
Mr. MORRILL. That is the fair inference
piobably from that statement; buthe did not make
any statement as to the exact condition of the
books.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The question is on the motion to postpone the bill
indefinitely.
The question being tnken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 16, nays 18; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Ihovvn.' Chandler, ConnesM, Cowail,
Dixon, Farwell, Foster, Grimes, Harlan, Hemie.son, \es-
mith.Spiague, Ten I'.yck, Trumbull, Wilkinson, and Wil-
son—16.
N A V H—Messrs. Anthony, Clark, Davis, Doolittle, Foot,
Harris, Hendricks, Ilieks, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, M or-
gan, Morn!!, Powell,Ilamsey, Sumnei,Van Wmkle,Wado,
and Willey—18.
ABSENT—Messrs. Buekalew^Carhle, Collamcr, Hale,
Harding, Howard, Howe, Lane of Kansas, MoDougall,
Pomeroy, Richardson, lliddle, Saulsbnry, Shernfcin, and
Wright—15.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The question recurring oil the passage of the
bill,
Mr. CHANDLER. I should like td have the
yeas and nays on this bill. It is a very important
precedent.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Clark, Cowan, Davis, Dixon,
Doolitllc, Foot, Harris, Hendricks, Hicks, Johnson, Lane
of Indiana, Morgan, Mornll, Powell, llam<ey, Sumner,
Van Winkle, Wade, Willey, and Wilson—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Chandler, Farwoll, Foster,
Grimes, Harlan, Nesmith, Sprague, Trumbull, and Wil-
kinson —10.
AliSENT—Messrs. Buckalew, Carlile, Cullamer, Cotj-
ness, Hale, Harding, Henderson, Howard. How, Lane of
Kansas, MoDougall, Pomeroy, Richardson, lUddie, Sauls-
bury, Sherman, Ten Eyck, aud Wright—1£,
So the bill was passed.
executive communications.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate communications from the Secretary of the
Treasury and the Secretary of the Navy, in
answer to a resolution calling for a statement of
counsel fees paid by the various Departments)
which, on motion of Mr. Trumbull, were ordered
to lie on the table.
executive session.
Several executive messages were received from
the President of the United States, by Mr. Nic-
olay, his Secretary,
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;,
and after some time spent therein the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
