1102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
stitution, that upon the call of the Legislature of a
State, or of the Executive when the Legislature
is not in session, the General Government shall
protect a State against domestic violence; and that
was meant to protect a State so feeble thatitcould
not protect itself. The very supposition that upon
the call of the Legislature or the Executive of the
State the United States Government should pro-
tect it, presupposes that it is a weak government
and cannot protect itself. I hold that if this re-
publican government in the State of Louisiana is
a small one, or is a feeble one, it is the duty of
the Governmentso much the more to sustain and
protect it ss the nucleus of loyal feeling and loyal
sentiment in that country.
Sir, I am not afraid to recognize that govern-
ment forfear thatit will be overborne, if the Gov-
ernment of the United States protect it and stand
by it. It is no more likely to be overborne in that
case than it would be if the Government did not
stand by it, and you had to hold that country by
the military power, so far as to keep the rebels off
the Union people; and it is a duty you owe the
Union people. I hold that the Union people of
Louisiana have a right to appeal to the force of
the General Government and ask protection; and
I hold that you do not render them your full duly
unless you do protect them. It is not only a ques-
tion of policy, but it is a question of duty for us
—a duty we owe to that loyal people, or to the
remains of the people in the State who arc loyal,
to protect them there; and therefore, Mr. Presi-
dent, not to be tedious, { shall give my vote for
the measure before the Senate.
Mr*. POMEROY. 1 appear to have been en-
tirely misunderstood in the remark 1 made, by the
Senator from New Hampshire. I only intended
to reply in a single word that what he admired so
much in that article that was read as beingapor-
tion of the constitution of Massachusetts did not
as cordially commend itself to my mind as it did
to his. That article provides that before a man
can vote he must be able to read and write the
Constitution of the United States in English.
There are thousands of men who can read and
■write very well, but not a word of English.
Mr. CLARK. I did not say to the Senate thai
I ad mired the provision of the Massachusetts con-
stitution. I like the feature of it in this, that a
man shall read and write and understand what he
is about. That is all I mean to say.
Mr. POMEROY. It is very desirable for every-
body to read and write, but there are other lan-
guages beside the English that can be learned, in
which a man can read and write and be very well
educated. The point I make is this: that m all
the States, and especially in the new States on
the border, many men have not had an opportu-
nity to learn to read and write the English lan-
guage, or perhaps any language, and I do not
believe that, because they have not had the op-
portunity, and are unable to read and write in
the English language, therefore they should be
disfranchised, it is a misfortune that they feel;
but it is nothing for which they should be pun-
ished; it is nothing for which they should be
driven away from the ballot-box or tiiejury-box.
Many of them are business men, men of good
standing and character, patriotic and loyal. I
have been surprised in looking over the pay-rolls
of the Army to see how many soldiers we had
that could not sign the pay-rolls, and not only
soldiers, butoffieers; and yet, sir, I would be very
slow in passing a law that should disfranchise
them, and should prevent them, after they had
fought and bled for their country, from enjoying
all the 5 ights of citizens.
Mr. President, I am opposed to this amend-
ment. I usually vote for everything that the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts brings forward on the
anti-slavery question; but I am opposed to this
amendment, in the first place, because I do not
suppose that we have the right to say what shall
be the qualifications of voters in any State in the
Union. The people of my own State are sup-
posed to be loyal. They areas radical as are the
citizens of Massachusetts, but they are not loyal
enough to allow Congress to dictate to them what
kind ot qualifications for voting they shall have.
Mr. SUMNER. The people of Kansas have
never r< belled.
Mr. POA1EROY. I believe they have never
rebelled, although many of us, and I for one,
Lave been indicted for treason and sentenced in a
United States court. We were supposed to be
in rebellion at one time; but yet Congress never
undertook to dictate to us what should be the
qualifications of our voting when we did have the
right to vote. There were some years when we
could not vote. For one, sir, I am for leaving
this question of suffrage to the citizens of the
States, and I claim it as their right to admit who-"
ever they choose to the balloi-box. I am not
loyal enough myself to allow my own rights as
a citizen of a State to be trampled upon in that
way. I would not be dictated to, as a citizen of
a sovereign State, by Congress or any other
power as to what kind of citizens of my State
should be allowed to vote, if they choose to let
all the citizens, including the women, vote, it is
not a matter for Congress to interfere with. The
citizens of a State are not confined to its male
citizens, either white or black, and the right of
voting does not follow the light of citizenship.
The States have their own way about that. Some
States let one class of persons vote,and some an-
other, and I want that course continued.
I do not desire to continue this discussion. I
would rather come toa vote. Butso far as I am
concerned, I shall vote against all amendments
that look like dictation on the part of Congress to
any State whether they will let the rightof suffrage
be enjoyed by a whole or a part of the people.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Before my honoiable
friend from Kansas takes his seat I wish to pro-
pound a question to him. I understood him to
say that he, as a citizen of a State, would not
allow dictation from Congress, or any other power,
as to his right of voting, or the right of any citi-
zen of his State.
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir, that is it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Then the question I wish
to propound to the honorable Senator is this: if
he had lived in my State a year ago last fall, and
he had seen the armed soldiery sent by the Pres-
ident of the United States or his Secretary of War,
and with a test oath, what would he have done ?
Would he have done as the Democrats in that State
did, peaceably keep away from the polls, have no
disturbance on the day of election, or would he
have rallied his followers to assert their rights?
I ask the Senator again, whether, if at a general
election the year before, he, a Senator of the Con-
gress of the United States, had been compelled to
do as I had to do, walk under crossed bayonets
to the polls, had seen his neighbors and friends
driven away from the polls, run into the swamps,
compelled to lay out in the night in the snow;
what would he have done ? Would he have ral-
lied his friends in vindication  f their rights, or
would he have done as the Democrats of the State
of Delaware did, let oppression take its ccutse,
and rely upon a solemn appeal to the judgment
of the countrvfor the vindication of then- rights r
Mr. POMEROY. I have had considerable ex-
perience under this Democratic rule of making
qualifications for voting, and my expeuence has
not been very much dissimilar to the experience
of the Senator from Delaware. When the Dem-
ocrats undertook to prescribe the qualifications
for voting in Kansas, when it was a Tenitory,
they provided, in the fust place, that before a man
could vote he should pay a dollar to the sheriff,
and, in the second place, that he should take an
oath to support the Constitution of the United
States and the organic act of the Territory, includ-
ing the Kansas-Nebraska bill; and after all that,
that he should be deprived of the right of voting if
he should write, publish, or circulate anything in
the Territory declaring'that slaverydid not exist
there, and did not have the right to exist there.
They also provided that no man should be permit-
ted to enter the jury-box who believed that slavery-
did not exist in the Territory, or who should write
or publish or circulate anything declaring that it
had no legal status in the Territory. And finally
they provided that we should swear, not only to
support the organic actand the Constitution ofthe
United States, but the fugitive slave law of 1850.
It has been, I confess, a little amusing to me to
hear men in this Senate remonstrate against the
test oaths required by General Banks at New
Orleans, when they were loud and long here in
upholding the Kansas-Nebraska policy, and re-
quired of us, by law—not simply by (he command
of a general, but by statute—to take the most in-
famous and oppressive oaths, or else not to vote
at all.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. We had to swear to
support all the laws of the Missouri Legislature,
parsed and to be passed.
Mr. POMEROY. i cannot tell, and do not
know, what has been the experience of my fneid
from Delaware. I do not know what difficulties
he had in approaching the ballot-box last fall. I
only know that when the Democratic party ruled
in the Territory of Kansas they surrounded the
ballot-box with difficulties, and sometimes we
could not get near enough to it to shoot a ballot
into it with a revolver. [Laughter.] But I hone
these experiences have gone by, and that to-day
and now Congress and the country are ready to
allow the loyal and patriotic men of every State
to manage their own matters in regard to voting.
I do not think that rebels should vote. I do
not know that they have any rights that white
men are bound to respect. [Laughter.] I know
the Senator from Michigan said that the State of
Louisiana had at the presidential election of 1860
fifty thousand voters, and that now they were
able to poll but eight thousand, leaving the infer-
ence that there were at least some forty thousand
voters in the State who did not participate in the
election. That Senator cannot have forgotten the
fact that more than thirty thousand, perhaps forty
thousand men from that State, have gone into the
rebel army, a majority of whom were voters. If
you deduct that thirty thousand out of fifty thou-
sand, there are but twenty thousand left. Out
of that twenty thousand, it must be supposed
that there were at least four or five thousand who
live in those portions of the State where no ballot-
box could be opened, perhaps eight thousand,
leaving it a very fair conclusion that if eight
thousand loyal men voted for this constitution,
it embraced a majority of the loyal men in the
State. I contend that when the majority of the
loyal men of any State meet and organize a State
constitution they should be respected. I leave the
disloyal entirely out of the question. This con-
stitution is an expression of the will ofthe loyal
men of Louisiana. They are united in it. They
intend to stand by it. It is the nucleus around
which they intend to rally. They intend to main-
tain that constitution and their government, and
I think it is the duty of this Congress to come to
their aid. It is the duty of the Government and
the country to do it.
I do not know as much about Louisiana as I
do of Aikansas, but I have made myself thor-
oughly familiar with the facts in regaid to Arkan-
sas, and I am only sorry that it is not before the
Senate. There are two reasons in favor of Arkan-
sas where there is only one for Louisiana.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I do not think the hon-
orable Senator from Kansas answered fairly the
question 1 propounded to him. He speaks of
disability incurred, or imposed, by reason of the
legislation of the Territory or of the incipient
State in which he lived. I will say to the honor-
able Senator, however, if any such impositions
were practiced upon the people of the Territory
of Kansas I would not at that time, and would
not now, justify them; and although I was not
then in public life, I will take this occasion to say
that had I been I should have been in favor of the
submission of the constitution of Kansas to the
people of the Territory of Kansas.
But I called the attention of the honorableSen-
ator to foreign interposition in reference to the
right of citizens of a State to vote, and I a.sked
him for his opinion. Had he lived in a State in
which this foreign interposition had been prac-
ticed, what would he have done ? Would he have
done as the Democrats of the State of Delaware
did—kept away from the polls, avoided excite-
ment, avoided bloodshed; or would lie have sum-
moned his followers tojjtand up to their rights?
Mr. President, I am glad to observe this change
that I think has come over the spirit of some of
my Rt publican fiiends. I think they begin to
so.nt the danger in the distance, that they begin
to see that if a Government of law is to be de-
sf joyed, and power is to be concentrated in ex-
ecutive hands, or in the hands of executive agents,
there is aii end of hbei ty in this country, i hail
the dawn, therefore, of a better day. 1 was de-
li ht«.d the other day to hear the honorable chair-
mail ofthe Commitfee on the Judiciary avow his
opposition to any other form of government but
that of a government regulated by# law, and to
protest against what he considered infractions of
