THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PKOCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY F. & J. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, JANUARY 21, 1865.
New Series No. 22.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 19, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. James I. Ferree, United States Army.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
SPECIAL COMMITTEE.
The SPEAKER appointed GreenClay Smith
of Kentucky, Glenni W. Scofield of Pennsyl-
vania, James C.Allen of Illinois, John H. Hub-
bard of Connecticut, and James S. Brown of
Wisconsin, the special committee ordeied by the
House yesterday, to investigate charges against
Hon. Lucien Anderson.
MESSAGE Jj'ROM TIIK SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
their Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had passed, with amendments, a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 91) in relation to the treaty of
1817, in which the concurrence of the House was
requested.
DESTROYED BONDS.
Mr. WASHBUR4NT, of Massachusetts, by
unanimous consent, introduced the following res-
olution; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways rind Means con-
sider the expediency of providing by law that wheic satis-
factory proot is furnished the Secretary of the Treasury that
any Government bond has. been destroyed, he be authorized
to issue a duplicate theiefor.
INCOME TAX.
Mr. MILLER, of New York, by unanimous
conscnt, introduced the following resolution;
which was road, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of laying a tax of
one per cent, upon the first $600 of income now exempt
irom taxation; with leave to lepoit by bill or otherwise.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled an act (H. It. No. 390)
for the relief of Emily A.Lyon; when the Speaker
signed the same.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
their Secretary, notified the House that the Senate
had passed with amendments, in which the con-
currence of the House was requested:
An act(H. R. No. 583) to amend the twenty-
first section of an act entitled " An act to define
the pay and emoluments of certain officers of the
Army, and for other purposes,''approved July
17, 1662.
Also, that the Senate had passed joint resolu-
tions tif the following titles, in which the concur-
rence of the House was lequcsted:
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 89) directing in-
quiry into the condition of the Indian tribes and
their treatment by the civil and military authori-
ties;
Joint resolution (S. II. No. 98) to present the
thanks of Congress to Major General Alfred H.
Terry and the officers and men under his com-
mand; and 4
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 99) tendering the
thanks of Congress to Rear Admiral David D.
Porter,and to the officers, petty officers, seamen,
and marines under his command, for their gal-
lantry and good conduct in the recent capture of
Fort Fisher.
MAJOR DAVID H. HASTINGS.
Mr. DAWES. I have in my hands the finding
of a court-martial of so peculiar a character that
1 desire to introduce a resolution in relation to it,
and I hope there will be no objection.
Before a court-martial lately held in this city Ma-
jor David H. Hastings was arraigned upon three
charges: first, embezzlement of money of the Uni-
ted States; second, knowingly using forged vouch-
ers; and third, forcing vouchers. He was con-
victed upon each of these charges, and in ail upon
2?
twenty-six specifications. The sentence of the
court-martial was as follows:
" To be cashiered and utterly disqualified to have or hold
any office or employment in the service of the United
States; to refund and pay into the Treasury of the United
States the amount found to have been embezzled by him,
to wit, $26,675, to pay a fine of $5,000, and to be impris-
oned,in such place as the Secretary of Warmay direct, for
one year, and until the amount embezzled and the fine as
herein fixed shall be paid into the Treasury of the United
States; provided that the whole amount of imprisonment
shall nut exceed five years."
This sentence has been reported to the War
Department. With the finding of " guilty"that
Department has not interfered; but it has inter-
fered with the sentence, and has commuted it. I
ask the attention of the House to the sentence as
it now stands, for embezzlement of $26,675, for
knowingly using forged vouchers, and for forg-
ing vouchers. The sentence, as it now stands,is
this:
ei It is therefore ordered that his sentence be commuted
to su^pen^iori fioin rank, pay, and emoluments, for the
period of six calendar months !" [Laughter.]
I therefore ask unanimous consent to offer the
following resolution:
■ResoZi'cJjThat the Secretary of War be directed to com-
municate to tins House the record of the late trial by court-
martial of Major David II. Hastings, who has been sus-
pended fioui iank, pay, and emoluments for six calendar
months, upon conviction bv said court-martial of forgery
and the embezzlement of $26,675.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
resolution will be considered as introduced and
agreed to.
There was no objection.
Mr. DAWES. 1 move to reconsider the vote
by which the House has agreed to the resolution,
and I also move that the motion to rcconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PREVENTION OF SMUGGLING.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, by unani-
mous consent, presented a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury in regard to smug-
gling; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordeied to be printed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, also, by
unanimous consent, introduced a bill for the
further prevention of smuggling; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
CREDIT FOR HUNDRED DAYS' MEN.
Mr. NOBLE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution; which was read, as fol-
lows:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives,8fc.,
That the Secietary of War be instructed to give credit, in
any draft hereafter to be made, for the amount of services
furnished by the State of Ohio and other States, by troops
called into the service for one hundred days, during the
year ; that, in giving «uch credits, the same shall be
ledurcd lo vears and credited to the districts and subdi-
visions of districts to which the troops may have belonged.
The joint resolution was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. COLE, of California, by unanimous eon-
sent, reported from the select committee on the
Pacific railroad, a bill to authorize and aid in the
construction of a railroad connecting the Pacific
railroad in California with the Columbia river
in Oregon; which was read a first and second
time, and postponed for one week.
EXPLORATION OF EASTERN ASIA.
Mr. CLAY. I arn directed by the Committee
on Agriculture to move that the memorial pre-
sented some time ago from Dr. McGrowen for a
scientific exploration of eastern Asia be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
SHIP CANAL AROUND NIAGARA FALLS.
Mr. LITTLEJOHN. I hold in my hand abill
entitled "An act authorizing the construction of
a communication around the falls of Niagara, in
the State of New York, for the passage of gun-
boats and other vessels." I shall offer this bill
as a substitute for the bill on the same subject
which has already been introduced, and'I move
that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
MILITARY ROAD IN WASHINGTON TERRITORY.
On motion of Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous
consent, the Committee on Military Affairs was
discharged from the further consideration of the
memorial of the Legislative Assembly of Wash-
ington Territory in relation to the military road
across the Cascade mountains, and the same was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
MRS. A. M. ROLAS Y ROBALDO.  
On motion of Mr. SCHENCK, also by unan-
imous consent, the Committee on Military Affairs
was discharged from the further consideration of
the petition of Mrs. A. M. Rolas y Robaldo,
praying to be paid for certain property destroyed
by order of the officers of the American Armyia
Mexico; and the same was referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
READING MATTER FOR THE ARMY.
On motion of Mr. SCHENCK, also by unan-
imous consent, the Committee on Military Affairs
was discharged from the further consideration of
the petition of officers of the army of the Potomac
for reading matter; and leave was granted to the
petitioners to withdraw said petition.
STEAMBOAT PILOTS.
Mr. ELIOT, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be In-
structed to inquire into the expediency of amending the act
regulating steamboats passed in 1852 by providing safe-
guaids in the appointment of pilots by local boards ap-
pointed for that purpose, with leave to report by bill or
otherwise.
IMPRISONMENT OF JUVENILE OFFENDERS.
Mr. WILSON, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That ihe Committee on tin* Judiciary be In-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing by law
lor the imprisonment of juvenile offenders against the laws
of the United States in houses of refuge instead of jails and
penitentiaries.
PETITION PRESENTED.
Mr. SHANNON, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the memorial of Samuel Morris, of Cali-
fornia; and the same was referred to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs.
CONSCRIPTION.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to offer the fol-
lowing resolution:
Wheieas a circular has been issued by Provost Marshal
General Fry which is in the words following:
[Circular No. 1,]
War Department,
Provost Marshal General's Office,
Washington, January 2,1865.
The attention of Acting Assistant ProvostMarshaln Gen-
eral of States and Boards of Enrollment in called to the
fact that the quotas assigned under the call of December
19, 1864, for three hundred thousand men, must not be re-
duced, except by actual enlistments In the Army, Navy, and
Marine corns since the 19th ultimo.
JAMES B. FRY,
Provost Maishal General,
And whereas said order is manifestly unjust to such
localities as have in good faith filled their quotas by enlist-
ment in advance of said call: Therefore,
Be it resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be directed to inquire whether some measure should not
be adopted to obviate the hardship that will result by such
a construction of the law, and that they report by bill or ^
otherwise.
Mr. BOUTWELL. 1 have no particular ob-
jection to this resolution, but I desire to state that
I called upon Provost Marshal General Pry for
an explanation of that circular,and was informed
that credit will be allowed for all enlistments made
prior to the 19th day of December last, before the
quotas are fixed, so that there will be no such result
as the gentleman from Connecticut anticipates.
Mr. SCHENCK. I was desirous before this
