388
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
matter was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs to submit an explanation somewhat
like that which has been made by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Boutwf.ll.] I took
occasion to call upon the Provost Marshal Gen-
eral in reference to this very order, and I may
say, in brief, thatheexplained itallaway; itdoes
not mean anything in particular, and there is to
be no action under it such as might be expected
from reading it. Nothing is intended by that
order except that care shall be taken in making
the assignment of quotas that no credit shall be
given except that to which the district is properly
entitled. It was also occasioned in part by the
fact that the December returns had not come in,
and the explanation of it is that the people of each
sub-district shall receive full allowance of credit
in making the draft for every man put into the
Army, whether before or after the 19th of Decem-
ber. In other words, I think that the interpre-
tation put by the Provost Marshal General upon
that order obviates the necessity of making any
inquiry about it. The interpretation put upon the
circular by the gentleman from Connecticut was
a very natural one, but, as I have said, it has
been explained away, and in practice no difficulty
will arise from the publication of the order such
as might reasonably have been expected from its
terms.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. Iam very
happy to know that that is the interpretation of
the circular. It has been understood very gen-
erally to mean what its terms import.
Mr. SCHENCK. I admit the incongruity be-
tween the terms of the order and its interpretation.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. In view of
the explanation which has been made, I withdraw
the resolution.
DUTIES ON IMPORTS.
Mr. PENDLETON, by unanimous consnnt,
introduced a Joint resolution supplemental to the
resolution passed April 29, 3864, entitled "A
joint resolution to increase temporarily the duties
on imports;" which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Wavs and
Means.
TIIE ENROLLMENT LAW.
Mr. SCHENCK. The Committee on Military
Affairs,it will be remembered, reported a few days
ago a bill (No. 678) to amend the act entitled
" An act further to regulate and provide for en-
rolling and calling out the national forces, and for
other purposes," approved July 4, 1864, and
other acts relating to enrollment and draft, which
waa recommitted to the committee and ordered to
be printed. The bill is now printed and in the
possession of members of the House. It is pro-
posed by the committee to report back that bill
and ask that a time be fixed for the consideration
of the subject. There are a great many applica-
tions from all sides of the House for amendments
to the enrollment act. The committee have em-
bodied in their report in the form of a bill such
limendmehts as they think essentially necessary,
making them as few as possible, for its greater
efficiency and for more general justice to those
citizens who have objected to it.'
There are gentlemen on all sides of the House
who have other amendments to propose to the
bill when it comes up, and the committee desiic
that the bill should bo discussed so as to leave
open the opportunity for amendment. 1 propose,
with the consent of the House, that this day two
weeks, or some other day—1 will liot interfere
with other subjects—be set apart for the consid-
eration of this bill, ai:d we will report it back
with that understanding or order.
Mr. HOLMAN. I nsk the unanimous consent
of the House for the privilege of having an amend-
ment to the bill ordered to be punted.
Mr. SCHENCK. i hope that there will be a
general order for the printing of all amendments
to be proposed to the hill, so that when we come
to the consideration of the bill we shall have the
amendments before us in proper form.
1 here was no objection, and it was ordered ac-
cordingly.
_ Tiie bill was then received, ordered to be printed,
and made the special order for two weeks from
this day, after the morning hour.
LIGHT-HOUSE DUES,
Mr. O'NEILL, of Pennsylvania, by unani-
mous consent, presented the memorial of the
Board ofTradeofPhiladelphia,recommending the
levying of light-house dues upon foreign vessels
trading with this country; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
DANIEL J. BROWN.
Mr. HALE, by unanimous consent, moved
that leave be granted for the withdrawal from the
files of the House of the petition and papers of
Daniel J. Brown.
The motion was agreed to.
THANKS FOR THE CAPTURE OF FORT FISHER.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. Mr. Speaker, I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to introduce a
resolution which I think will meet with the ap-
proval of every member upon this floor.
The resolution was lead, as follows:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the. United States in Congress assembled, That the thanks
of Congress he, and are hereby, tendered to Brevet M.ijor
General Alfied H. Terry, of the Aimy, and to Admiral
David D. Portei, of the Navy, and to the gallant officers
and men of their lespective commands,(or the splendid,
United,and successful opeiations by land and sea which
have resulted In the capture ot one of the strongest forti esses
over defended, and tho closing of the last open port from
winch the rebels weie deriving theii supplies.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, Iam ready to
give thanks to the Powers above and those below
for this victory. But itdoes seem to me that the
principle the flouse appears disposed to adopt of
referring to appropriate committees resolutions of
this character is the proper one. If as much of
the resolution as relates to the Army is referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs I promise
that it shall be n-ported back to-morrow morning,
and I think that the same promise can be made
for the Committee on Naval Affaire, although I
do not know tho day of its meeting.
The other day a resolution was offered giving
thanks to Major General Sherman, which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and it was there so modified as to make it a more
grateful compliment to his friends, as I happen to
know, and also, I think, to the general himself,
by enlarging its scope and changing its language.
I do not know that that is the case here, but I
think we should refer these resolutions, so as to
add to tho value of the compliment m expressing
not only the opinion of the House, but in express-
ing that opinion after deliberation and thorough
examination.
1 will not make objection provided so much of
the resolution as relates to Admiral Porter be re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and so
much as relates to General Terry be referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. COX. When the resolution was offered
the other day thanking General Sherman, and was
passed, I thought u was eminently due to Major
General Thomas that some recognition should be
made of his very distinguished service. And, sir,
a great many civilians and military men think
that his services were more valuable than those
even ofGeneral Sherman, inasmuch as they drove
the rebels from the State of Tennessee and broke
an army to^pieccs. I think now, as the House is
in a thankful mood, that we should have a reso-
lution thanking General Thomas and his army.
I have drawn up one already; I will have it read
also, and, if it is the pleasure of the House,have
it referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
who, I have no doubt, will put it in a grace-
ful shape, and have it psoperly reported to the
House.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will only remark that I
do not apprehend there will be the slightest dif-
ference of opinion between my colleague and the
Committee on Military Affairs connected with the
proper disposition manifested to thank those va-
rious leaders of our Army. I alluded to the cor-
rection made in the resolution of thanks to Major
General Sherman, not with a view to claim that
the Committee on Military Affairs can couch such
a resolution in language any more graceful than
could my colleague, particularly, who is a master,
as every one knows, of all the arts of rhetoric.
In the case of General Sherman, and X refer to it
only as a matter of illustration, the original reso-
lution thanked him for his brilliant expedition
through Georgia. The committee, on examining
the resolution, thought it more appropriate, and
entirely deserved by General Sherman, that he I
should be thanked for his successful and memor- |
able campaign from Chattanooga to Atlanta, and I
then for his triumphal march through Georgia
and the capture and occupation of Savannah.
If the resolution of which my colleague [Mr.
Cox] gives notice shall be introduced after that
which has been introduced by the gentleman from
Connecticut has been disposed of, we shall be
very glad to have it referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and 1 will make the pledge to him
that the Committee on Military Affairs will be
prepared to report it back, I think, certainly as
early as to-morrow. AH I contend for is that it
is the better rule in all these cases, no matter how
eminent may have been the services,how deserved
the compliment this House thinks proper to be-
stow, to refer such resolutions to a committee be-
fore final action upon them.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. To debate such a reso-
lution as this seems to me to deprive it of half its
benefit; to refer it, if the gentleman does not debate
it, seems to me to impair its value.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is this reso-
lution before the House?
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Ohio
objects it is not.
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. A1U desire
is to know whether it is before the House for dis-
cussion.
No further objection being made, the resolu-
tion was read a first and second time.
Mr. SCHENCK. Now 1 move that so much
of the resolution as relates to Admiral Porter bo
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
so much as relates to General Terry be referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. Is that debatable ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not see how
the resolution can be divided so as to refer one
part of it to one committee and another part to
another committee. If it were in the shape of
two resolutions they could be referred separately.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I was going on to re-
mark that to refer a resolution of this character
is to impair half of its efficiency. Indeed he is
twice thanked who is thanked at once. In tho
light of what the American people know has trans-
pired within the last ten days, it is asking too
much that a simple resolution of thanks to the
officer who led the land part of this expedition,
and to the officer who commanded the naval part
of the expedition, should be referred to a com-
mittee. There is nothing in that resolution of a
complicated nature. There is no such question
m it as that which the gentleman from Ohio raised
in relation to General Sherman, as to whether he
should be thanked for other things than the taking
of Savannah.
This resolution, in the name of the American
people, by the mouth of the American Congress,,
thanks those two officers for their united, suc-
cessful, and splendid expedition which resulted
in the capture of Fort Fisher. I have no doubt
that the Committee on Military Affairs, and es-
pecially the able gentleman who so gracefully
presides over that committee, could couch the
resolution in moregrammaticul phrases, but what
it would gain in grammar it would lose in force.
Now, in reference to the resolution of thanks to
General Sherman 1 will say*ifitis proper to refer
to the body sitting in the other end of the Capi-
tol, I understand that that resolution passed in-
stanter upon its presentation to that body, and
a motion to refer to a co-mmittee was voted
down.
I hope the motion to refer this matter to a com-
mittee will be voted down. There is a difficulty,
as the gentleman lias already seen, and as the
Speaker has announcedto the House, in sending
this resolution to any committee of this House.
The resolution is predicated upon the fact that
this victory was the united achievement of the
Army and Navy, and it thanks in one sentence
and in one breath the officer who led the Army
and the officer who commanded the Navy.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 desire to ask the gentle-
man a question: does not this resolution, in the
form in which he has drawn it, reflect upon Ma-
jor General Butler?-.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. Not at all, sir. It is ex-
pressly guarded m that respect, and was intended
to be so guarded. 1 have no reflections to make
at a time like this upon one of the earnest men
of the nation. The hour of triumph is certainly
not the hour to make an assault upon that vaf-
