1104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25.
Congress that had already passed, for the admis-
sion of Missouri as a State of this Union, Con-
gress, at that day, on the motion of Henry Clay,
felt authorized to impose upon Missouri a cer-
tain fundamental condition, without which Mis-
souri should not take a place in the Union. All
that I propose by the amendment which I have had
the honoi to send to the Chair is, that Congress
now imitating the example of our fathers, when
it is proposed to recognize (for that is the phrase
employed) the State government of Louisiana,
shall impose a certain fundamental condition upon
the performance of which the recognition shall be
consummated.
Mr. HENDERSON. With consent of the
Senator I will remark that in that case, as 1 have
stated, the constitution of Missouri conferred upon
the Legislature of Missouri a power to contra-
vene the Constitution of the United States, by le-
gislation prohibiting free negroes having the right
of citizenship in other States from coming into
the State. Surely he does notpretend to say there
is any provision in the constitution of the State
of Louisiana directly contravening the Constitu-
tion of the United States. If so, 1 would like to
hear it.
Mr. SUMNER. I will notnow be drawn into
that point of the discussion, whether thpre is in
the Louisiana constitution anything contravening
the Constitution of the United States or not, be-
cause it is immaterial. " Sufficient unto the day
is the evil thereof." I like to take tilings one by
one, one question at a time,and the question now
is as to the power of Congress at this moment,
when it is asked to recognize a certain State gov-
ernment, to impose a condition precedent to such
recognition.
Mr. HENDER.SON. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator if, in his opinion, the question of suffrage
under the Constitution is not left to the respective
States.
Mr. SUMNER. In answer to that question,
I say it has nothing to do with this case.
Mr. HENDERSON. With the permission of
the Senator, I desire to state that if the question
of suffrage be left to the respective States, the
very compact that he wants to make with the
State of Louisiana contravenes the Constitution
of the United States. In the case of Missouri,
it was to square thfe action of the State convention
with the Constitution of the United States, be-
cause surely Congress at the time of the admission
of a State has a right to say whether its consti-
tution is republican or not; and in determining
that question, Congress must determine it with a
view to the Constitution of the United States.
Then if, under the Constitution of the United
States, the citizens of each State are to be entitled
to the rights, privilege.'?, and immunities of citizens
in other States, and the convention of a State
undertakes to confer upon the Legislature the
power to say that that shall not be the case, Con-
gress has the perfect right, before admitting the
State, to malcp it republican. To make it how
republican? To make it square with the Con-
stitution of the United States. But, I say, if the
Senator admits that the question of suffrage is
left to the States, then ins condition tears down
the Constitution instead of building it up.
Mr. SUMNER, i yielded of course very
gladly to the Senator from Missouri. I was sim-
ply observing, and I tried to bring home to the at-
tention of the Senate, that at this moment it is pro-
posed to recognize a certain government, and I
have moved to recognize it on a certain condition.
The Senator from Missouri thinks we cannot im-
pose any such condition. I think we can. I had
the honor at the close of the Inst session, in conw
pany I think with my friend from Kansas, [Mr.
Pgmeroy,] to vote for what is known as the re-
construction bill, which did undertake to impose
conditions with reference to the electoral franchise
upon what are called States. Did anybody at
that time say that it was unconstitutional? Did
even the Senator from Missouri rise then and
protest against that bill as unconstitutional on
that ground ?
Mr. HENDERSON. I will state that the prop-
osition that I \oted for was merely to exclude the
ehcN/rtfl votes of those States.
Ait. SUMNER. 1 am speaking of the action
of ia^t >Mtmmor.
Mr. HENDERSON. I know that very well.
My colkague offered an amendment excluding
the electoral votes of those States, and that was
adopted in this body. There was no vote upon
the original proposition for reconstruction as it
came from the House, according to my recollec-
tion.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon.
It passed on the yeas and nays.
Mr. HENDERSON. Then I did notvotefor it.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.
Mr. POMEROY. There was nothing in the
reconstruction bill as to what the qualifications for
voting should be definitely. There wasa general
expression that the rights of all men should be
respected, or something of that kind. There was
nothingin the reconstruction bill (which the Pres-
identdid notsignafterithad passed both Houses)
that prescribed definite qualifications for voting,
such as to give the elective franchise to colored
men, in so many words.
Mr. SUMNER. Now I must beg my honor-
able friend's pardon. The bill had two forms.
In one form there was the word " white," and in
one the word " white" was out, as the basis of
the electoral franchise. The bill, as it finally
passed, did have the word " white" as the basis
of the electoral franchise, thus undertaking to de-
termine the electoral franchise; but th^ bill which
piy friend from Ohio [Mr. Wade] had in charge
was without the word " white;" so that the elec-
toral franchise, according to Ins bill, was open to
both white and black; and I was not aware that
at that time any person supposed that we were
exercising an unconstitutional power when we
undertook in passing a reconstruction bill to say
that the electoral franchise should be exercised by
all without distinction of color. Certainly that
is a new idea-to come from the very patriotic and
humane and philanthropic mind of my friend
from Kansas, that Congress, when reconstructing
rebel States, cannot stamp upon them freedom in
all respects, and remove absolutely all disabilities
on account of color. I cannot doubt that, at this
moment and undtr existing exigencies, Congress
has rights and duties there hardly less than in
the District of Columbia.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 do not understand that
Congress is now reconstructing rebel States. The
people of Louisiana themselves have undertaken
to reconstruct and reorganize their government,
and the question here is whether we will recog-
nize what they have done. 1 dissent from the
doctrine that Congress can reconstruct the rebel
States. I do not believe in it.
Mr. JOHNSON. The honorable member from
Massachusetts seems to suppose that he has cor-
rected me most successfully. It is not the first
time in which his inferences have not been justi-
fied by the fact.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not hear the Senator.
Mr. JOHNSON. I thought you objected to
my speaking so loud that you heard too much.
1 said that General Washington by his letter
communicating the proceedings of the Convention
by whom the Constitution of the United States
was framed, did not mean to say that that Con-
stitution was establishing a Government with
plenary, absolute power. All that he meant in
the use of the term "consolidation" was that the
Union (for he spoke of it in connection with the
Union) would beastronger Union than the Union
which existed under the Articles of Confederation.
The honorable member supposes that he finds
his interpretation of that letter to be warranted
by the other letter to which he has referred, writ-
ten by Washington to Mr. Jay in 1787, before the
Constitution was adopted. Now,what is that letter?
It is nothing more than Mr. Madison said, and Mr.
Hamilton said, and all the men who were engaged
m fiaming it said. All that they meant was, that
the Government, as it existed under the Articles
of Confederation, was not strong enough; it had
no power to act upon the individual citizen. AH
the powers with which it was endowed were pow-
ers to be exercised, so far as compulsion was con-
cerned, by compulsory proceeding as against the
State. That was found to be mischievous, to
be impracticable. They wanted to lay a tariff" of
duties; but its provisions could not be carried out
without the consent of the States. Some States
would consentand some would not consent. They
wanted to lay taxes. Money was to be raised to
carry on the Government. The State of Massa-
chusetts was to pay so much, Rhode Island so
much, and so throughout the other States. Some
States paid and some would not pay. Mr. Jef-
ferson supposed that even under the Articles of
Confederation Congress had the authority by
force of arms to compel the several States to pay
the amount of the requisitions to meet the ex-
penses of the Government; but it never was exer-
cised. The great difficulty was that there did not
exist in-that form of Governmentapower to pro-
ceed against the individual citizen.
The honorable member will find, and has found,
because his reading is full upon all these sub-
jects—I am only finding fault with the effect of
his prejudices upon his reason; U is not because
he does not know, but because from some cause
he does not correctly interpret—he will find that
Mr. Madison and all the others said (and such is
the fact) that there was very little difference be-
tween the powers conferred upon the General
Government by the Articles of Confederation and
those conferred upon the General Government by
the Constitution, so far as were powers were
concerned; that is to say, ti\ subjects which the
powers were intended to embrace. The diffi-
culty was the want of an authority under the Con-
federation-to make those powers efficient, and
that difficulty consisted in the absence of any au-
thority to proceed as against the individual citi-
zens. General Washington in his letter to Mr.
Jay says that what he wants,and what is neces-
sary, and unquestionably he was right in that,
is that the Government itself should, for all
national purposes, have the means to carry out«
its own powers. If the honorable member will
'consult the opinion of Marshall, in the case of
McCulloch and the State of Maryland, and the
opinion of Marshall in the case of Lewis, to which
he referred the other day, he will find in those
two cases, and in every case in which the ques-
tion Jias arisen, that the Supreme Court of the
United States, when Marshall stood at its head,
recognized the existence of the State as sovereign
overall subjects of power not intrusted to the
Government of the United States; thatin relation
to subjects intrusted to the Government of the
United States, that Government is just as sover-
eign as were the States before the Constitution
was adopted in relation to all matters belonging
to the Slate governments; and that in relation to
all matters belonging to the State governments
antecedently, not delegated by the Constitution
to the Government of the United States, the States
remain sovereign. The whole difficulty, there-
fore, is, not whether the States are not sovereign
over some subjects, and the United States Gov-
ernments not sovereign over other subjects, but
whether either is exclusively sovereign over the
whole; and 1 have never heard that question
raised by anybody except by the honorable mem-
ber.
Now, as to the other matter of fact in which he
supposes he has corrected me, I did not contra-
dict the honorable member, and I am little sur-
prised, as I speak so loud, that he was not aware
that 1 did not contradict him. I did not say to
the honorable member thatMr. Clay was not the
author of that condition. I do not know that he
was, except so far as 1 collect it from the fact that
he reported it from the committee, but I did not
know that he was not; and I therefore did not
contradict the honorable member. The contia-
diction came from the Senator from Kentucky
[Mr. Powell.] Mr. Clay has heretofore, up to
a comparatively recent period, been supposed to
be the author of what is called the "Missouri
Compromise," by which it was provided that sla-
very should not exist on one side of a certain line,
and nothing being said in relation to slavery upon
the other side, it was supposed that, impliedly,
it was authorized south of the Missoun line; but
he was not the author of that. The author of
that, I think, was Mr. Thomas, of Illinois.
The honorable member seems to suppose that
he finds in that precedent an authority for what
he proposes to do in this case. There never was,
I think, (and I speak it with all the respect I feel
for the honorable member's opinion,)' a greater
misapprehension. Does the honorable member
mean to say that a State may be brought into the
Union upon any condition from which, when it
is in, it u iil riot be at liberty to escape ? He does
not mean that. What is the right of a State under
the Constitution? 1 endeavored to show this
morning, and I shall not repent it, that it is the
right of a State under the Constitution to regulate
