THE CONGRESS
GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY F. & J. HIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1865.
New Series No. 70*
the right of suffrage. I cannot make it any-
plainer than to refer,as I did tins morning, to the
two provisions of the Constitution. The Con-
stitution provides, so far as representation in Con-
gress is concerned, that the party elected shall be
of a certain age—that is all; but as to the quali-
fications of the elector who is to elect him in the
State, it leaves that to the State by providing that
those qualifications are to be the same as those
that are required by the constitution of the State
to elect membeisto the most numerous branch
of their State Legislature. If I am right as to
that, the amendment of the honorable member
says that the State, if admitted, is to be admitted
upon the express condition, or rather that the ad-
mission is not to take effect, to use the very words
of Ins amendment—
Except upon the fundamental condition that within the
State there shall be no denial of the clectoial franchise,
or of any other u«rht*, on account of color or race; but all
persons bhatl be equal before tUe law.
It is bad enough with regard to the right ofsuf-
frage; but there are other rights beside the right
of suffrage. Does the honorable member mean
to say that the State cannot by law provide that
no black man shall be married to a white woman;
or that no black woman shall be married to a
white man, and that it will be penal upon the paft
of the magistrate, or the clergyman, when a cler-
gyman is used, to administer the rue of marriage
m that way ? Does lie mean to say that it shall
not be in the power of the State to provide that
no black man shall be a witness, or how he shall
be a witness? Does he mean to sny that a State
may not provide that a white man where he is a
party to a controversy may be a witness in iiis
own case, and that they cannot say that a black
man may notbea witness in his own case? Does
he mean to say that they cannot provide any-
thing into which a white man may enter which a
black man shall not be at liberty to enter? Does
he mean to say that they may notextend the right
of going to the courts to the white, and not extend
it to the black, or to the black and not extend it to
the white? if he means that, he takes from the
State all the authority that everybody, from the
time the Constitution was adopted to the present
hour, has supposed to be the especial right of the
State.
But that is not all. The Constitution provides
not only that the right of suffrage shall be decided
by the State, but it provides that each State shall
have two Senators. Does the honorable member
suppose that by attaching a fundamental condi-
tion to this law, he can take from Louisiana the
right to send any Senators, or only one Senator?
The Constitution gives to the State the right to
send the same number of Representatives, in pro-
portion to population, tlKtt the othei States send.
Does he mean to say that Congress can, by fix-
ing a fundamental condition to the law receiving
Louisiana into the Union, deprive her-of the right
of sending a like number of Representatives with
every other State accordingto her population ? If
so, we should have a State that js no State; and
instead of being a Union of equals, it would bea
Union of unequals. Instead of sitting iiere as the
representatives of States entitled precisely to the
same rank in the galaxy of States—I am afraid i
am speaking too lout! for tho very tender ears of
the honorable member fiom Massachusetts—we
should be here, some of us, particularly he who
came from Louisiana, bound to bow in implicit
deference to the majesty of Massachusetts. She
can regulate the right of suffrage. She can deny
it to any man who does not read read or write,
black or white 
Mr. SUMNER. Without distinction of color.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then the difference is only
thatdisunction of color- We have had before us,
and 1 do not know whether it has passed or not,
but 1 suggest it to the honorable member because
this subject always seems to he in his mind—we
have' before us a bill to incorporate a hotel com-
pany in this city. I hope lie wiil put in it a pro-
vision that the guests are not to be excluded on
account of color.
70
Mr. SUMNER. Will you vote for it?
Mr. JOHNSON. No; but you ought to offer
it, and if it was voted for, and voted in, I doubt
whether the honorable member would be one of
the guests. Certainly he would not, if he is so
fortunate as to bring Mrs. Sumner with htm one
of these days. [Laughter.] According to my
view it is monstrous.
But, sir, if the Constitution gives to Congress
the power, in Older to preserve the Government,
of attaching such a condition to the admission of
Louisiana, why not say that Ohio shall not regulate
in the future the rightof suffrage? These persons
are not permitted to vote in Ohio. 1 believe tlvey
get around the provision partially, the provision
being that none but white persons shall exercise
the right of suffrage, by saying that when they
have a certain portion of white blood in them,
though black they may be, they are to be con-
sidered as white.
Mr. WADE. If they are more white than
black, they are considered white.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is your law; but if they
happen to be more black than white, then they
are black, and they are not permitted to vote.
Why, it is a horrid provision ! I wonder how
the State has got on I I do not believe they have
got any liberty there. I think they are all a set
of serfs; or what is still worse, if anything can
be worse, they are a set of tyrants. How does
my friend from Ohio reconcile it to his conscience
to live in a State which strikes at the very founda-
tion of the Government, according to the idea of
the Senator from Massachusetts? And yet ho
seems to be very easy in lus conscience. The
Statecertainly has prospered very much,and no-
body has questioned the validity of that provis-
ion; and that is to be found in nearly all the States.
Now, Mr. Piestdent, if Congress lias a right
to affix this as a condition (provided 1 am right
in supposing that the States alone can provide fur
the exercise of the right of franchise) there is
nothing which a State has, no power which a
State has which may not bo taken from her by
doing it in the form of a fundamental condition.
The honorable member is entirely mistaken in
supposing, if he does suppose i,t, that 1 have any
hostility to the black race. 1 hnvenotthe slightest
hostility to them. I do not think they ought to
vote, at any rate now. I mean those who ore to
be brought in by sudden emancipation. What
will be the eftect? Has the honorable member
ever thought of the effect upon his own State and
other States ?
Mr. SUMNER. They vote in Massachusetts.
Mr. JOHNSON. I know that; but I am speak-
ing of what you propose to do now by congres-
sional action, to provide that all the blacks shall
be admitted to the right of suffrage. Has he
thought for a moment what will be the effect on
his own State and similarStates? How many Rep-
resentatives does Massachusetts send, founded
upon her voting population ? There are very few
blacks there. 11 is almost entirely a white popu-
lation. How many does Louisiana send ? Less
by a great deal than she would be entitled to if
these provisions are made. Let all her negroes
in, ana you increase the number of her Represent-
atives.
Mr. SUMNER. Representation is founded on
population.
Mr. JOHNSON. Of course. What sort of a
population? Do you not mean to do away with
the three-fifths clause ? Certainly you will let all
in. If the South comes in to-morrow there are
four million negroes whom yoir will permit to
vote; and they will be entitled to vote for a rep-
resentation to be graduated by that number. Do
you not see how largely the representation of
the South will be increased in the other Cham-
ber?
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon.
It is graduated now by population absolutely.
Mr. JOHNSON. No, it is not; hut three
fifths of a certain class of population is included
 n the enumeration.
Mr. SUMNER. But three fifths, assuming
that there are slaves; but when slaves cease to
exist, and slaves have ceased now unless in the
imagination of some Senators-
Mr. JOHNSON. No, I have not said that
slavery has ceased unless you adopt the amend-
ment. I do not think it has ceased, nor will it
cease until the amendment has been ratified.
Mr. SUMNER. As soon as nineteen States
ratify it.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is according to your
view.
Mr. SUMNER. According to the constitu-
tional view.
Mr. JOHNSON. If your view is always the
constitutional view that is the constitutional view';
but I suppose that may admit of some difference
of opinion. But I am not speaking merely of
the number of Representatives and the increase
the South is going to have, but how do you sup-
pose they will be influenced? The honorable
member is greatly mistaken if he supposes that
the whole of that vote will not for years be in the
hands of a few white men. You will have what
I have heard often described here as the cart-
whip of the South. I do not think they will try-
that again, but we may have it.
In a word, Mr. President, so far as theparticu-
•lar proposition tWfore the Senate is concerned, I
say to the honorable member from Massachu-
setts, and all those who wish that slavery should
he so abolished as to be placed beyond the reach
of doubt, let these States in, then geta ratification
of the constitutional amendment by such a num-
ber of States as will place U beyond all question
that' it is a part of the organic law. My reading
of the Constitution is, that there must be three
fourths of the States; whethei they haveLegisIa-
tuies or not in existence makes no difference. If
they have not Legislatures you cannot get it con-
firmed. If they have them, they will affirm or
reject it. Let in Louisiana, let in Arkansas, and
let in either of the other seceded States who adopt
a free constitution as this constitution has been
adopted, and then the ratification of the amend-
ment is certain, and this terrible source of evil-
how it has become a source of evil i do not stop
to inquire, I look only to the fact—this existing
cause of evil, will be removed now and forever.'
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The question is on the amendment moved by tho
Senator from Missouri to the amendment mqved
by the Senator from Massachusetts, to insert the
words " or sex."
Mr. CARLILE addressed the Senate. His re-
maiks are withheld for revision.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, it has got now
to be pretty late in the evening. This question
is considered by all as being an exceedingly im-
portant one; and I move that the resolution be
postponed until the first Monday in ©ecember
next; on which motion I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator from West
Virginia [Mr. Van Winkle] is detained from
the Senate this evening by sickness; at least he
is so indisposed as that he thought he ought not
to be here, and I have agreed to pair off with him
on all material votes on this question, he being in
favor of the resolution as reported by the commit-
tee and I being opposed to it, but we both being
opposed, as 1 understand him, to the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Sumner.]
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to—
ayes eleven, noes not counted.
Mr. POWELL. Before the motion to post-
pone is put I wish to make a few minutes' reply
to my friend from Missouri, [Mr. Henderson.]
The Senator from Missouri in his argument,
seemed to think it exceedingly strange that the
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] and
I should have agreed on this matter. He spoke
of extremes meeting and all that kind of thing.
I think it is a little strange that the Senator from
