1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
339
iant officer. I may add that, if I am rightly in-
formed as to General Butler's views, he rejoices
in this victory to-day equally with any man on
this floor or anywhere. I was about to say,Mr.
Speaker, that the resolution is not susceptible of
division; and there is no one committee of this
House to which it can be or ought to be referred,
unless it is the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, for it is a Union resolution,
complimenting both Army and Navy, both men
and officers, both the sea and the land force.
Without intending to debate it, (it is certainly a
work of supererogation to present reasons for
its passage,) I hope the House will adopt it at
once.
Mr. GRIDER. I desire to ask, Mr. Speaker,
whether there is now before the House a propo-
sition to thank General Thomas for his gallantry.
The SPEAKER. No such proposition is be-
fore the House.
Mr. GRIDER. Is it in order to say anything
on that subject?
The SPEAKER. It is not, under the rales of
the House.
Mr. GRIDER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to occupy two minutes on that sub-
ject. [Cries of " Go on !"]
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec-
tion. The gentleman will proceed.
Mr. GRIDER. Nobody, I believe, on either
side of the House, objects to complimenting the
gallantry of either our soldiers or the officers who
command them. I do not know why a sugges-
tion should come from the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schenck] opposing a resolution to compli-
ment General Thomas. I heg leave to state that
the victory achieved by General Thomas over
Hood was the most decidedly useful and grand
victory to certain sections of this country that
has been accomplished dunngthis war. If Hood
had overcome Thomas 
Mr. SCHENCK. Do I understand the gentle-
man to say that 1 have said anytbingwhich would
imply an objection to thanking General Thomas?
Mr. GRIDER I understood the gentleman to
object.
Mr. SCHENCK. Why, sir, so far from do-
ing so, I promised that if my colleague would
introduce such a resolution, it should receive the
prompt action of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, and be reported, if possible, to-morrow.
Mr. GRIDER. I am glad that the gentleman
has made that explanation. I should not have
arisen if I had so understood him.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am perfectly satisfied that,
if anybody is entitled to thanks. General Thomas
is entitled to them.
Mr. GR.1DER. Then I will simply say, in
conclusion, that I hope that everybody in this
House is willing and anxious to make a prop-
er acknowledgment of the services of General
Thomas.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, 1 think, with
the gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Brande-
cee] that a discussion of the merits of tins reso-
lution would take away half its value; nnd I have
therefore utterly refrained from its discussion.
I have spoken nothing about the propriety of
thanking or not thanking these officers,assuming
that this House would be, as 1 think it ought to
be, unanimous in giving most decided approba-
tion in the form of a resolution of thanks to these
officers, both naval and military, for their con-
duct in the attack on Fort Fisher. I did claim
that, as a matter of precedent and practice, it is
better that every such resolution should go to a
committee, and be by the committee considered
and reported back without delay, promptly, in
order, by such promptness, to add more to the
value of the resolution. But, since the gentle-
man has, very unnecessarily, spoken about the
ability of the Committee on Military Affairs to
report such a resolution in better form, 1 will now
speak in reply to what he has said upon that
point.
The first objection that I would make to this
resolution is, that it docs not even give correctly
the title of Porter. It calls him " Admiral
Porter." We hove no <( admiral" in our service.
The gentleman, as a member of the Committee on
Naval Affairs, ought to know that " admiral" is
as distinct a rank as vice admiral, or rear ad-
miral, or captain, or lieutenant. Porter is, as I
understand, arear admiral. We have no admiral;
we have a vice admiral, and six or eight rear ad-
mirals, of whom Porter is one.
There is one of the blunders. If this resolution
is to he engrossed upon parchment and framed,
as I think it should be, for the benefit of the chil-
dren of that gallant commander, whom I admire
personally as well as for his professional emi-
nence, (for he is a friend of mine, and I will not
be the last to thank him,) if this resolution is to
be used in that way, to be handed down as an
heirloom in his family, Rear Admiral Porter
would certainly desire that it should be correct in
its form, so that future generations might at least
know what was his rank in the Navy. Yet this
resolution, though it comes from a member of the
Naval Committee, does not even give correctly
the title of this officer, but, on the contrary, gives
him the title of an officer unknown in our Navy.
That is my first objection.
Again, this resolution speaks of Fort Fisher
as one of the strongest fortresses ever defended.
Well, that sounds a little newspaperish. It is a
very strong work, from all the accounts we have
of it, and it has tended to prove the great strength
of earthworks against any bombardment; thatis
one of the results of the experience of this war;
but, as compared with some of the fortresses of
the world which have been both attacked and de-
fended, I undertake to say history will showthat
it is not one of the strongest ever defended, who-
ever may say to the contrary. There may be a
difference of opinion about that.
Again, the resolution goes on to speak of clos-
ing up the last open port through which the rebels
are drawing their supplies. It was not an " open
port" in the strict sense of the words; it was a
blockaded port, and it was not the last port into
which blockade runners could go. There are sev-
eral yet on the coast of Texas, and they can even
go into Charleston. So that that statementis in-
correct in point of fact. It is a little newspaper-
ish too. It would do for an article in a newspaper,
and would be a very excellent article. I would
prefer, in giving thanks to our admirals and gen-
erals who have distinguished themselves as these
two officers most eminently have, that the reso-
lution of thanks should be simple and dignified,
so as to express the fact, and accompany that
fact with thanks, full thanks, unmeasured thanks,
and not go off upon any doubtful questions as
to the strength of fortresses, or whether all the
southern ports are closed, or as to any other col-
lateral issue.
1 have been drawn unwillingly into this com-
ment upon the resolution, but the discussion upon
it has been provoked by the gentleman on the
Naval Committee, the gentleman from Connecti-
cut [Mr. Brandeoee] himself. Perhaps I might
say that it was not at all on account of the par-
ticular form or phraseology of the resolution that
I offered my proposition that it should be referred,
but I did it for the sake of the precedent and prac-
tice. I think it best that all such resolutions
should be referred. As the Speaker lias decided
that this resolution is not divisible, although I
believe a different practice has prevailed in the
Senate in regard to similar resolutions, I will move
that the whole resolution be referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, the committee of which
the gentleman from Connecticut is himself a mem-
ber, as I have no fear but that when he comes to
reconsider it and rewrite it he will present it in
a simple, clear, and satisfactory shape to this
House, and we shall all be glad to vote for it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I simply desiie to
remind the House of the fact that a few days ago,
when a resolution was introduced into this House
giving the thanks of Congress to General Sher-
man, I then rose ill my place and asked that a
vote should be taken on the resolution at that
time without referring to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs. That was objected to, and the
House decided to refer the resolution to the com-
mittee.
Now, it seems to me that it would be invidious
and wrong to treat a resolution of thanks to any
other officer in a different manner from the man-
ner in which we treated that resolution. Having
established the precedent of referring these reso-
lutions of thanks to the appropriate committees,
we ought, in all consistency, to follow that pre-
cedent I was then in favor of voting thanks
promptly when a resolution was introduced and
the officer was deserving of thanks, but the House
established a different precedent, and we ought
now to follow it.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I have no ambition to
enter the lists with the gentlemen from Ohio',
[Mr. Schenck,] either before the country or be-
fore the House, to decide upon points of gram-
mar. The- gentleman from Ohio is a mighty
grammarian; I am willing to concede that; hut
I hope the gentleman will not forget that good old
maxim that he who sticks in the letter sticks in
the bark. His habit I think is to stick in the
bark before this House, and that style of oratory
which he adopts is pretty familiar to most of us.
Now, the gentleman's criticism, so far as there
is anycriticism worth replying to, is that the title
of the naval officer we propose to thank here is
misquoted in the resolution. Thegentleman had
that resolution before him, and if he had been
disposed to deal fairly by it, or the member who
presented it, he would have stated to the House
that a blank or space was left before the word
" admiral," for the very purpose of putting in the
title of Rear Admiral Porter before the resolution
was acted on by the House. The resolution was
drawn in a moment at my desk, and it could not
then be ascertained what his real title wis. If it
is the main objection of the gentleman from Ohio
that Admiral Porter is not designated as Rear
Admiral Porter, it is perfectly competent for any
member of the House to submit an amendment in
that regard, and I notify the gentleman that I will
accept the amendment.
With regard to his other criticism, as to whether
this was one of the strongest fortresses, I think
that the judgment of the country, and of military
and naval men, will not agree with the criticism
that he has passed, that this was not one of the
strongest fortresses. Certainly they who went
down on the first expedition to take Fort Fisher
came back with no such opinion as that gentle-
man entertains.
Now, with regard to the precedent. The pre-
cedent has been both ways, and there has been,
in other words, no precedent at all. The gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] states that
in his opinion it would have been more proper to
have passed the resolution of thanks to General
Sherman without referring it to the Committee
on Military Affairs. And although it is not par-
liamentary to refer to the Senate, the practice has
been in cases of emergency and importance for the
Senate to pass resolutions of this character without
reference. This, of course, is a matter of no par-
ticular emergency, and I do not want to hinge any
debate on it. It has been three days since the
news came, and was announced by the Speaker
from his desk, of one of the most magnificent vic-
tories of this or any war, and I think it is high
time that a resolution should be brought before
Congress thanking those gallant officers of the
Army and Navy for this remarkable service.
It seems to me, and it is one of the grounds
upon which I urge the passage of the resolution,
there is eminently more propriety in passing such
a resolution at once than in referring it to a com-
mittee as there is no appropriate committee to
which it can be referred, a fact admitted by the
gentleman from Ohio himself.
The SPEAKER. As the decision of the Chair
has been somewhat questioned,and as the action
of the Senate has been brought into the discus-
sion both by the gentleman from Illinois and the
gentleman from Ohio, the Chair aslcs that the
action of the Senate may be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" Mr. Dixon. I ask the unanimous consent of the Sen-
ate to introduce two joint resolutions, one giving the thanks
of Congress to Rear Admiral Porter,and the other to Major
Genera! Terry for the recent blilliant victory at Fort Filler;
and [ wifi observe that although these distinguished officers
were jointly engaged in this victory, I have followed Ule
precedents in proposing to give tliem the thanks of Congiess
In separate resolutions.
"By unanimous consent,leave was granted to intioduee
the joint resolutions; and they were severally road twieo by
their titles, and referred as indicated beiow :
"Ajomt iul ion (S. It. No. 98) tendering the thanks of
Congress to Major Geneiai Atfied 11. Terry, and to the offi-
cers ami men under ins command, for their g.iltamry mid
good conduct m the recent capture ot Fort the
Committee on IVlilitaiv Affairs and the Militia.
"A joint lesoltition (S. It. No.99) tendering the thanks of
Congress to Rear Admnal David I). Porter, and to the otli
eels, petty otiici'i.-., seamen, and maiines undei Ins eom-
inand, tor their gnlfanuy and good conduct in Ihe recent
c.iptuie of Fort Fishei—-to the Committee on Naval A><-
fairs."
The SPEAKER. It will be seen that two sep-
