340
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
aratfi resolutions can be referred to separate com-
mittees, but the Chair cannot see how one joint
resolution can be mutilated and part sent to one
committee and part to another committee.
Mr. BRANDEGrEE. I modify my resolution
by inserting the word "rear" before " admiral."
Mr. COX. I do not believe that the House
and country will regard the reference of this reso-
lution to the Committee on Military Affairs as a
reflection upon the officers, soldiers, and sailors
who are thanked by it. It is time that this House
had some rule in relation to resolutions of this
character—some general rule—for the gentleman
from Connecticut has himself confessed that these
resolutions are drawn in a hurry, currente calamo,
in a spirit of patriotic impulse, at the desk of
members, without any special care as to style or
manner, or the toilet of the resolution, if X may
use the expression, and these resolutions become
tame and mere platitudes unless there is some
grace given to their expression, i do not mean
to say that the present resolution lacks proper
expression, dignity, and grace, but I will say this,
sir, that when we undertake to give thanks it
ought to be done in some sort of graceful style.
It ought to have on its best clothes and its best
manners. Therefore I think that this and all
similar resolutions should be sent to a committee
with a view, if you please, to give them a proper
polish. I expect to introduce a joint resolution
of thanks to General Thomas, and to move to
send it to the Military Committee.
Mr. "WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Does the
gentleman object to the peculiar language of this
resolution, and if "so, will he not suggest some
modification ?
Mr. COX. I cannotdo it just now. I would
like to read it critically, and I would like to have
the aid of gentlemen familiar with classical mod-
els. I remember very well, when these resolu-
tions became so common and so tame in the last
Congress, upon the taking of Vicksburg by Gen-
eral Grant, 1 had the honor of drawing up a reso-
lution nf thanks, and 1 consulted General Sickles,
and consulted Grecian models; and I got it up in
artistic style. A resolution is more valuableand
more acceptable when got up in taste and good
style. Although the gentleman from Connecticut
may have all graces of style, 1 insist that while
he has a rush of patriotic impulse at his desk he
is not in a proper condition to draw up a proper
resolution; and therefore it should be referred in
order to give the resolution the grace and polish
which are due to a resolution from this Congress.
Mr, BRANDEGEE. If there is any defect in
style in the resolution I will say that my style
has been partly modified by and partly founded
upon ft very classical book entitled " The Buck-
eye Abroad."
Mr. COX. I havo already been overwhelmed
with compliments by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and I will now have
to throw myself into embatmsamcnt from the
remarks of the gentleman from ■ Connecticut.
[Laughter.}
Not only is there a dispute as to style, but mat-
ters of fact are in question here, and surely the
gentleman would not push a resolution when the
facts themselves are in question. A reference is
no reflection whatever upon General Terry, and
none whatever upon Admiral Porter, it rather
^ives weight to a resolution if it is properly re-
ferred, and passed after a careful review by an
appropriate committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the resolution was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
THANKS OF CONGRESS TO GENERAL THOMAS.
Mr. COX, by unanimous consent, introduced a
joint resolution expressive of the thanks of the
American people to Major General George H.
Thomas and the army under his command; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
TAX OJf BASK NOTES.
Mr. BROOMALL asked unanimous consent
to introduce the following resolution;
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Mean? ho
.instructed to inquire into the expediency of providing tiiat
a stamp of one per eent. bomquned to tie plnerd by liie'bank
or the holder nn every State bank note before issuing or
passing it; and renewed every six months; and repoit by
bill or otherwise.
Mr. STROUSE objected.
PROSECUTION FOR LIBELS IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. ASHLEY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill in reference to the prosecution for
libels in the District of Columbia; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
REPORT OF SUPERINTENDENT PUBLIC PRINTING! .
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the annual report of the Super-
intendent of Public Printing; which was laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
REPORT ON INTERNAL REVENUE.
Mr. MORRILL, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was re-
ferred, under the rule, to the Committee on Print-
ing:
Resolved, That five thousand extra copies of the report
of tile CommbMoner of Internal Revenue be printed : two
thousand for the use of thp members of this House, and
three thousand for the use of the Commissioner ot Internal
Revenue.
REPORT OE J. W. KING.
Mr. A. W. CLARK, from the Committee on
Printing, reported the following resolution:
Itcsohcd, That there be printed for tile use of the Navy
Depaitnient one thousand copies of the report of Chief
Engmeei J. W. King on the dock-yards of Europe, with
the mails accompanying the same.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. How much
will the engraving of the maps cost? We have
already made an appropriation of eighty or ninety
thousand dollars for engraving.
Mr. A., W. CLARK. About one thousand
dollars. The Committee on Printing were at first
opposed to engraving the maps; but the Depart-
ment considered that the work would be com-
paratively worthless without the maps.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, I will make
no objection if the gentleman will add a proviso
to the effect that the engraving shall not cost to
exceed
Mr. A. W. CLARK. Our estimate was $700,
but I stated in round numbers #1,000, so as to
get it large enough.
I call the previous question.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I desire to say
upon this subject that the report of Chief En-
gineer King is an elaborate document, the result
of a special visit to and examination on his part
of the dock-yards of Europe. It is an elaborate
statement of the character and appliances of those
yards, procured at the request of the Secretary
of the Navy, and bearing directly upon the future
interests of the naval service in this country; and
the maps which accompany the report are an
essential portion of it, and the report itself would
be quite unintelligible without them.
This resolution, which was sent yesterday, I
think, to the Committee on Piinting, was framed
upon a letter received from the Secretary of the
Navy, addressed to me as chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, desiring that this work
might be printed in the form recommended in the
resolution. I do not think the cost of the maps
and charts will exceed the amount he has asked
for, or if it exceeds it at all it will be in a very
slight degree. I think it important that the maps
should be printed.
Mr. A. W. CLARK. I now demand the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. A. W. CLARK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the tabic.
'I he latter motion was agreed to.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itselfinto the
Committeeof the Whole on thestateofthe Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Dawes
in the chair,) and resumed, as a special order, th>;
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 649) making
appropriations for the legislative,executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the year
ending 30th of June, 1866; the pending question
being upon the motion of Mr. Washburne, of
Illinois, to strike out the following clause:
For salaries of additional clerks in the office of the As-
sistant Treasurer at Boston, which are hereby authorized.
$11,500.
Mr. MORRILL. All I desire to say in regard
to that amendment is that this is the sole and en-
tire appropriation that is made for the sub-Treas-
ury office in Boston, and from information before
the Committee of Ways and Means they were
satisfied that an appropriation of this amount is
absolutely indispensable, and they will, perhapsj,
before the close of the session propose to increase
it beyond the present amount upon the represen-
tations made by the sub-Treasurer of that city.
I call for tellers on the amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Morrill,
and Washburne of Illinois, were appointed.
The committee divided; but the tellers were un-
able to agree upon a report,and Messrs.Baxter
and Noble were appointed tellers.
The committee again divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 50, noes 50.
The CHAIRMAN voted in the negative, and
the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MORRILL. I offer the following amend-
ment:
On page 38, after line nine hundred and fifteen, insert as
follows:
For procuring dies, stamps, adhesive stamps, paper,
piinting lorms and regulations, advertising, and other ex-
penses ot carrying into effect the act of Juno 30, 1B64,
§1,100,000.
For paper, special dies, and printing of circulating notes
and expenses necessarily incurred, including express
charges in procuring the same, $077,500.
In explanation of that amendment I will state
that it has been usual to make this appropriation
in the miscellaneous bill, but since this bill was
printed it has been thought better to have all these
appropriations included in this bill. Since the es-
timates were made out, a communication has been
received from the Secretary of the Treasury show-
ing that a further sum will be necessary above
what was estimated for, in consequence of a de-
cision of the Comptroller of the Treasury that
certain expenditures for the Internal Revenue de-
partment must be paid out of the Treasury in-
stead of being paid out of the current revenues.
I send a letter to the Clerk's desk to be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Treasury Department, December 14, 1864.
Sir: I have the honor to call your attention to the
estimate of §700,000 " for procuring dies, stamps, adhesive
stamps, paper, printing forms and regulations, advertising,
and apy othei expenses of carrying into effect llie act of
June 30, 1861," to provide internal revenue, &c., submitto<l
with the other estimates for the year ending June 30, 18GG.
(See printed estimates page 23 )
The Commissioner of Internal Revenue now represents
that this sum will be Insufficient, toi the reason tliat since
the estimate was submitted he has learned that the Fir&t
Comptroller has directed that the salaries of the revenue
agents and inspectors appointed under the above act shall
he paid from ihe apptopudtion thus a&kod lor, rather than
Irom the accruing revenue. The Commissioner estimates
that $350,000 will be required for the payment of such
agents and inspectors for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1866; and that $50,000 will be required for the purchase of
cotton tags for the same period.
I therclore request that $400,000 may be added to the
amount already submitted, making $1,100,000.
I am very respectfully your obedient servant,
VV. P. FESSENDEN,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. Tiiaddkus Stevens,
Chairman Committee Ways and Means.
[The committee here rose informally; and, the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a messag
was received from the President of the United
States, through Mr. Nicolay, his Private Secre-
tary, announcing that he had approved and signed
a joint resolution (H. R. No. 56) providing for
the termination of the reciprocity treaty of June
5, 1854, between the United States and Great
Britain. The committee resumed its session.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desiie to
ask the gentleman from Vermont how much, if
his amendment be adopted, will then have been/
appropriated for this purpose.
Mr. MORRILL. This amendment will not
embrace the same subject. The usage hitherto
has been to include it in the miscellaneous appro-
priation bill. The estimates require $677,000
for paper, special printing of circulating
notetf, As I have stated, the
