110$
T3?E CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25.
i
Massachusetts and I should agree upon a grave
question like this. The truth is that 1 can hardly
tell why the Senator frou Missouri and the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doolittle,] who are
the peculiar advocates of this measure here, have
parted company with the Senator from Massa-
chusetts on this occasion. The Senator from
Missouri I have regarded as grazing1 in the abo-
lition fiuld for the last two years, and it is a little
singular that these abolition brethren should part
company. I am more astonished at the Senator
from Missouri than 1 have been at the Senator
from Massachusetts, because the Senator from
Missouri has still some old Democratic instincts
of State rights; he is very sound in theory on
that point, but in this particular case I think very
unsound in practice. In a measure of this kind,
that I consider so destructive to the Constitution
of my country, I am delighted that the Senator
from Massachusetts should give me his aid and
that wc should vote together. I know that the
Senator from Massachusetts—at least in my es-
teem—is seldom right on issues of this kind, but
because that Senator so far exhibits a lu«id inter-
val as to come to a correct conclusion, notwith-
standing I reject all his premises, I see no reason
why I should not go against the resolution even
in company with the Senator from Massachusetts.
I here congratulate the country that the Senator
from Massachusetts has come to a correct con-
clusion on this great and important question. I
and others might not come to the same conclu-
sion starting from the premises he does. I do not
concur in the premises the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts has indicated here, f am opposed to
negro suffrage; I am opposed to this equality
of negroes with white men, and I am opposed
to all the kindred heresies of the Senator from
Massachusetts, but I can say to the Senator from
Missouri that I am equally opposed to his dis-
union negroisms. That Senator announced in
this Chamber last night, the first time that I have
heard it, that he would prefer dissolution to union
with slave States.
Mr. HENDERSON. No, Mr. President, I
made no such announcement.
Mr. POWELL. I so understood.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator is mistaken.
I stated that this controversy upon the slavery
question had gone\o such an extent that slave
States and free States could not ltve together, and
that 1 believed that the inconveniences to-day to
arise from a dissolution of the Union would be
less than to undertake to cover up the slaveiy
question and to reunite the country, and smother
it, the slavery issue, for only a short time, to break
out again with lenevved violence.
Mr. POWELL. 1 understood the Senator to
declare that he preferred disunion to a union of
slave States and free States*.
Mr. HENDERSON. 1 stated what I believed
would come of an attempted recognition of slave
and free States, and I stated further that it would
be better in my opinion to make a division than
to undertake to patch up a reunion in that way,
because it would be attended with another war,
and it was only in consequence of that fact that I
made the assei tion.
Mr. POWELL. The Senotm's explanation
is not different 1'tom my understanding of his lan-
guage. Now, I am opposed to that sentiment
of tlip Senator from Missouri. I am for the old
Un ion, under the old Constitution, and under the
old flag. I am willing to take it as it was gi von to
us by Washington and Madison, with tlu States
as they are, if they choose to come hack. I de-
sire each Statu in tnio Gn.w.t tu i.s do-
mestic institutions m us own way, subject alone
to the Constitution of the United States, and I
should rejoice to-day if (.very mie of the States
in arms almost the Go\ eminent would lav down
their arms, come back, and acknowledge their al-
legiance to the Government of the CJmt«-d States.
I think the Senator from Massachusetts-; entertims
the sanv view on that subject that the Senator
from Missouri has utiereJ/but lie has heretofore
not uttered it.
But, sir, it seems to me that the Senator from
Missouri and the Senator from Wivon**; i do-no
the pa Si-age of this resolution to admit Senators
and Ropresentauves from Louisiana and to recog-
nize that State government adopted their, for the
purpo.se, and almost foi the sole pui pose, of allow-
ing that State to vote on the constitutional amend-
ment, for they press that argument on all occa-
sions, and that seems to be the thought upper-
most in their minds. I believe the Senator from
Missouri claims the paternity of the constitutional
amendment. It is a kind of bantling with him.
it seems to be his first-born since he joined the
abolition phalanx, and I do not wonder that he
should feel some little interest in this child of
his. It is, however, strange to me that the Sen-
ator from Missouri, while indicating as he did that
he agreed with me as to the usurpations of the
military, should come to the conclusion to vote
for this resolution. I did not discuss the ques-
tion on any outside or collateral point. I based
my opposition solely on the ground that the loyal
men in the State of Louisiana did not have the
opportunity to form this government of their own
free will, unawed and uninfluenced by military
power, but that it was a government made by
military force at the point of the bayonet, and that
those who voted for this resolution would vote to
rccognizethe doctrine contained in the President's
amnesty proclamation, would vote to recognize
the doctrine that a United States major general
had a right to trample upon State constitutions
and prescribe the qualifications of voters. All
those who vote for it will have to acknowledge
these premises. I for one cannot and will not do it.
The Senator from Missouri asks what loyal
men were prevented from voting by General
Banks's orders. I will say to the Senator that
all the loyal Union men in the State of Louisiana
who refused, like supple menials and slaves, to
crouch beneath the iron military power of Gen-
eral Banks, and take that oath, were excluded
from voting, and I believe to-day there are more
men of that description in Louisiana than voted
to ratify this constitution. That oath required
that'those who took it should swear that they
would not only support and abide by all the proc-
lamations of the President in regard to the institu-
tion of slavery already issued, but those thereaf-
ter to be issued; and 1 do hold, as I asserted last
night, that no tiue man, no man who had the
honest instincts of a manly nature, would so de-
grade himself as to take that humiliating oath at
the dictation of .any usurper or any tyrant on the
face of the earth; and 1 believe there were many
more loyal true Union men in Louisiana who de-
clined to take that oath than voted to ratify the
Banks5 constitution. That is the fact, I am sure,
if it can ever be ascertained distinctly.
Mr. HENDERSON. Have you heard of any
objection to it on the part of the loyal men of
Louisiana?
Mr. POWELL. Yes, sir, I have. Thomas
J. Durant and thirty-one others, distinguished,
leading, loyal men of Louisiana, as I asserted
last night, have made earnest and powerful pro-
test against this organization, and protested against
Congress admitting Representatives either into
the other House or this. They protest against
the vote of Louisiana being counted. Mr. Du-
rant, 1 believe, was the first district attorney ap-
pointed by the present Executive in Louisiana.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to ask if Mr.
Durant was not a candidate for office at that elec-
tioy, and whether he himself did not take the
oath prescribed, whether he did not participate in
the election.
Mr. POWELL. I do not know whether Mr.
Durant was a candidate for office or not, neither
do i know whether he took the oath. But allow
me to ask my fiiend from Missouri would he,
under the circumstances, have bowed before Na-
thfiniel P. B.niks and taken that oath? I do not
i, owicve the Senator, under such circumstances,
|j would have taken it.
!; Mr. HENDERSON. I was not in Louisi-
'j ana.
;( Mr. POWELL. Whether you were there or
i! not, 1 do not believe you would take itanywhere
on the face of the earth, for I have great regard
for the Senator from Missouri. I beiievc he is a
man. I believe he possesses all the high and noble
attiibutes that form a man. 1 do not believe the
honorable Senatoi from Missouri would, for all
the ulliees m the gift of all the men on the face of
the earth, at the dictation of a major general,
i take fhathumiliatingand degrading oath. Neither
j do I believe my fiiend from Maryland would
j have taken it. He, full of years as he is of
i honors, would have scorned to have so degraded
I his manhood as to come up and acknowledge
himself to be the supple menial of.this major
general. I believe that every good and loyal man
will take every oath prescribed by the Constitu-
tion and laws of his country; but I believe he
will take no oath at the dictation of usurpers and
tyrants. That there are thousands of men in
Louisiana who are noble specimens of manhood,
1 do not doubt; and that class of Union men, if
they refused to take this humiliating oath under
the order of General Banks, could not vote. If
a Union man there adored the old Union-and the
old flag, and fought in the ranks of the Union
Army from the firing of the first gun at Fort
Sumter up to the day the election was held, he
could not have voted unless he took this oath;
and yet we are told that is a government of the
people. Not so, Mr. President. It is a govern-
ment not of the people of Louisiana, formed by
their own volition, but it is a government coerced
upon them by the military authority of this Gov-
ernment, and I never will agree by any vote of
mine to overthroweveryprinciple of civil, repub-
lican, and constitutional liberty by recognizing
a government formed in such a way. Let the
people of Louisiana, of their own volition, meet
and form a State government; let all the loyal
men of Louisiana cooperate in the*formation of
that government; do not interdict a large portion
of them who fail to take unconstitutional and un-
lawful oaths. Let them come here and present
their government, formed unawed and uninflu-
enced by the military power, and I will rejoice
to welcome them. But a government formed in
a/iy other way is destructive of the very principles
of liberty.
My friend from Missouri says there is no Union
when you abolish State rights. In that I agree.
The rights of the States must be preserved and
protected, and he says if you depart from this
doctrine of State rights you have a consolidated
despotism. In that 1 concur, but how the honor-
able Senator can from that premise support this
government of Louisiana in violation and de-
struction of every principle of State rights he him-
self maintains, I am at a loss to know. "What
power, I ask again, has a major general to'go into
Louisiana or any State and dictate to the people
who shall vote; to take upon himself to amend
their constitution in more particulars than one?
He amended it when he prescribed the qualifica-
tion of voters; he amended it when he said that
slavery should not exist there.
The Senator from Wisconsin declares that ad-
mitting this free State of Louisiana will knock the
shackles off from ninety thousand slaves. Gen-
eral Banks, in the statement he made before the
Judiciary Committee of the Senate, declares that
there were no people in Louisiana to which that
provision of the constitution will apply. Who
is right or wrong? I am rathef inclined to be-
lieve that Banks was wrong, because in that whole
statement General Banks was acting evidently
the part of a swift witness, to make a case that
he thought would cause Louisiana to be admitted.
By giving a vote to recognize the government
as formed under this Banks administration as
the legitimate government of Louisiana, you ac-
knowledge despotism in its worst and vilest form;
you then have consolidation that I had supposed
would revolt even the stomach of the Senator
from Missouri; you admit the principle that a
major general of t'he Army could do all the things
I have indicated.
Mr. President, I cannot see how the Senators
who a few days ago voted for the resolution de-
claring that the electoral vote ofLouisiana should
notbe counted can consistently vote for this reso-
lution. I hope thatsome Senator on the otherside
will explain that point; so far they have not at-
tempted it. This constitution was formed in Lou-
isiana; it was proclaimed, it was ratified by the
six thousand and some odd votes. The Legisla-
ture made under and by virtue of it elected the
Senators here who demand admission, and this
resolution is but a foreiunner of the admission of
members here and Representatives in the other
end of this Capitol. Senators voted the other day
that the electoral vote of the State of Louisiana
should notbe counted. If Louisiana was then a
legitimate government, why was she not entkled
to cast her'electoral vote? I believed then, as 1
now believe, that this is not a legitimate govern-
ment of the loyal peSpIe of the State of Louisi-
ana, but a government forced upon them at the
