1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
iiof
|joint of the bayonet; and hence it was, believing
that, that I cast my vote for the resolution forbid-
ding the counting of the electoral vote of Louisi-
ana, But many of those veryger^lemen who voted
with me for that resolution come up here now
and strongly and persistently urge the adoption
of this resolution, among them my friends from
Maryland and Missouri. Why, sir, the very
same governmental authority that appointed the
Senators who demand admission here appointed
the electors to cast the votes of Louisiana; they
emanated from the very same authority. You
tell me that a State has a legitimate government
when you vote that its electoral vote shall not be
counted, and then rise up here and say that the
government is legitimate and their Senators shall
be admitted I 1 cannot reconcile that inconsist-
ency.
'J. his resolution does not. adopt or ratify the
constitution of Louisiana at all. This Congress
has no power to do such a thing, and 1 suppose
no Senator has contended or will contend for that
proposition. This resolution merely recognizes
• the government then formed as a legitimate gov-
ernment. The passage of this resolution does
not make itlegitimate. You merely state the fact
that it is the legitimate government of the loyal
people of Louisiana, if it is, they had a rightto
be represented in the Electoral College arid to cast
their votes, and those Senators who voted against
counting the electoral vote of Louisiana cannot
in my judgment vote for this resolution without
inconsistency.
Mr. President, it was not my purpose to enter
further ifito this debate, but for the fact that my
friend from Missouri seemed to think itexceed-
ingly strange that I should stray off with the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, and he tried to make
some capital on that ground; and hence I thought I
would say a few words. I think the Senator from
Missouri, after the sentiment he expressed in ref-
erence to Union with slaveholders, is ratherahead
of the Senator from Massachusetts. I think the
Senator from Massachusetts has believed it ail the*
time, but he is too discreet to utter it just yet.
The Senator from Missouri having taken the lead
on that point, I have no doubt will soon catch
up with tjhe Senator from Massachusetts on the
suffrage question. The Senator's colleague, the
other distinguished Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Brown,] is now out openly for negro suffrage, and
1 do not believe from the rapid progressmade by
my friend from Missouri [Mr. Henderson] that
he will be long behind. For myself i have never
been and never expect to be for negro suffrage or
negro equality, or any of those kindred heresies,
and I will nlver give a vote which will indicate
that I believe that any other power than the sov-
ereign people of a State of this Union has the right
to make a State constitution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark in
the chair.) The question is on the motion of the
Senator fiom Ohio [Mr. Wade] to postpone the
fuither consideration of the joint resolution until
the fiist Monday of December next.
Mr. SAULSBURY. 1 have pairpdoff with the
Senator from Oregon [Mr. Nesmith] on the pas-
sage of the joint resolution, and theiefore do not
feel at liberty to vote on this question.
Mr. JOHNSON. I agreed with the Senator
from Iowa [Mr. Grimes] to pair olf on the pas-
sage of the resolution. I do not know whether
• that will be considered as including this motion
or not.
Several Senators. Of course it does.
Mr. JOHNSON. If there is any doubt about
it, i decline to vote. 1 should vote in the negative
if I was at liberty to do so. *
The question being taken by yeas and nays re-
sulted—yeas 12, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Buekalew, Caihle, Chandler,
Davis, Hendricks, Howard, PoweU, Riddle, Sumner, Wade,
arid Wright—*12.
NAYS—Messrs. Chirk, Dixon, Doolittle, Foot, Foster,
Harlan, Henderson, Howe, Lane of Indiana, Lam; of Kan-
* sas, Morgan, Pomeroy. ILamsey/JYn Eyck,Trumbull, Wil-
ley, and lVil«o —17.
ABSENT—Mes&rh. Anthony, Coilamer, Conness, Cowan,
Farwell, Grimes, Hale, Harding, Hums, Johnson, MeDou-
# gall, Morrill, Nctmirh, Nye, Richardson, Ssiulabury, Sher-
man, Sprague, Stewait, Van Winkle, and Wilkinson—21.
S  the motion was not agreed to.
" The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
returns on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL iind Mi-. FOSTER call-ri
for ihe yeas and nays, and they were ordered;
and being taken, resulted—yeas 12, nays 19; as
follows: ,
YEAS—Messrs. Rrown, BuckaW', Carlile, ChamtlM,
Davis, Howard, Powell, Kiddie, Sumner, Wade, WiImhi,
and Wright—12.
. NAYS—Messrs. Clark, Dixon, Doolittle, Foot, Fos-ter,
Harlan, Henderson, IIemlnck>, Howe, Johnson, Lane ot
• Indiana, Lane'ot Kansas, McL>ou«all, IMoignn, Poiuoruy,
Ramsey, Ten Eyek, Trumbull, and Willey—19.
AHS.CNT—Messrs. An tliony, Coilamer, Conines, Cowan,
Farweit, Guinea., Hale, Harding. Hams, Momll, NcmiuiIi,
Nye, Rieluidson, Saulshury, Sheiman, Spiague, Stewart,
Van Winkle, and Wilkinson—f9.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. HOWARD. It is quite obvious that we
can hardly got to a final vote this evening.
Mr. FOSTER. Why not?
Mr. HOWARD. I will tell the Senator why
not if he will be a little patient.
Mr. FOSTER. It is not quite obvious, though.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, it is now
quarter past ten o'clock on Saturday night.
There is a bare quorum of the Senate present,
and simply a quoium. This is the most import-
ant measure that has been befoie this Senate for
years, in iny opinion; one which will agitate the
country more than any measure we have had be-
fore us. is it not fair at least that the lean majority
which is now present in tins Chamber should
permit the question to go over until Monday, un-
til the absentees may be called in, and have an
opportunity to record their votes upon«the ques-
tion? i move that the whole subject be laid upon
the table.
Mi. CHANDLER. I ask for the yeas arid nays
on that question. #
Tiie yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 12, nays Itf; as follows:
TEAS—M<".«r«. Biown, flnekalew, Carhle, Chandler,
Davi>, Howaid, Powell, Riddle, Sumnei, Wade, Wil.-on,
and Wright—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Claik, Dixon, Doolittle, Foot, Fo-t'-r,
Harlan, Hendeibon, Howe, JolniMin, Lane oi Indiana,
Lane ot Kai^as, MeDonsrall, Moigun, Pomeioy, iUniM-y,
Ten Evek,Trumbull, and Willev—18.
AllSliNT— m^is. Anthony, Coll,imei. Coitnes-, Cow-
an, Fauvell, Grimes, Hale, Harding, iLurt^, II -nd. .rk*,
Miynll, NeMiuUi, Nje, Richaulbon,"Saiii>hnrv, Sherman,
Sprague, Stewart, Van Winkle, and WilUinson—i)U.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SUMMER. I agree with the Senator from
Michigan in the impropriety of pressing a meas-
ure of this importance. Perhaps it is the most
important measure, as he says, that we have had
before us. I shall regard its passage as a national
calamity. It will be the political Bull Run of this
Administration, sacrificing, as it will, a gieat
cause, and the great destinies of this Republic.
But,sir, I will notgo into the debate at this time,
i think the Senate is not now m a condition to
vote finally upon it. There are many who would
unquestionably like to record their votes upon it
who are not now here. We ought to give them an
opportunity. We ought also to give an oppor-
tunity for further discussion. It never has been
the habit of the Senate, except in those days
which we ou^ht not to imitate- 
Mr. FOSTER. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. SUMNER. Ceitamly.
Mr. FOSTER. I will ask the honorable Sen-
ator if he is not fully prepared to vote on the
questions?
Mr. SUMNER. I certainly am prepaied to
vote on it.
Mr. FOSTER. I will merely say 1 am.
Mr. SUMNER. I think the honorable Sena-
tor is not prepaied to vote.
Mr. FOSTER. I think the honorable Sena-
tor is.
Mr. SUMNER. I know I am prepared to
vote upon it; but when the Senator fiom Con-
necticut speaks as he does, after voting «s he ha?,,
1 cannot but think that a little more study of the
question, and a little moie examination ot in-
consequences, would enable him lo vme with
more intelligence. I think, on his account, it
would be well that the question should be post-
poned for another day, to give him an opportu-
nity of a little more inflection on this important
matter. It is never too late to mend; and I
think u not impossible that even that Senator,
coming as he. does from New England , u'pi<'S"iK-
mg, as 1 doubt not he does, libel ai ideas, devoted
as lie ought to- be to the cause of human freedom
and ' f his-conntry, may think there is soffle-
tlun- in this question which will justify the most
ma r  consideration; something on which the
Senate <'tight not to rush precipitously to a tote.
Sir, th:* question ought not to be closed to-night^
aotl i therefore move an adjournment: and oh
that motion I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays wen* ordered.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I rise for a persona! ex-
planation.- 1 am paired off with the Seftatorfrom
Oregon, [Mr. Nesmith.] I do not know how he
would vote on these motions; but the pair Wars
to last until this evening, and therefore I have
declined to vote upon any of these side questions.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 11, nays 18; as follows:
YE AS—Messrs. Brown, Buekalew, Carllle, Davis, How-
ard, Powell, Riddle, Sumner, Wade, Wilson, and Wright
—II.
NAYS—Messrs. Clark, Dixon, Doolittle, Foot, Foster,
Harlan, Hendcr;>on, Howe, Johnson, Hone of Indiana,
Lane of Kansas, MeDougall, Morgan, Pomeroy, Ramsey,
Ten Eyck, Tiwnbul), and Willey—18.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Coilamer. Con-
ner, Cowan, Farwell, Gnni'-s, Hale, Harding, Harris,
Hendricks, Morrill, Ne nritU, Nye, Richard&on, Saulsbury,
Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Van Winkle, aud Wilkinson
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is manifest now by the
course being pursued by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, who takes upon himself to lecture otjher
Senators, telling them they do not know how to
vote, that he is in a combination here of a frac-
tion of tho Senate to delay the important business
of the country. We find him now, near the clos-
ing days of the session, uniting with a very few
persons acting with him, associating himself with
those whom he so often denounces, for the pur-
pose of calling the yeas and nays and making dila-
tory inotioiivS to postpone the action of this body
upon what he says is a very great public meas-
ure, when he knows that next week other public
measures are to be pressed upon the attention of
the Senate; when he knows 
Mi. WADE. Mr. President 
Mr. TRUMBULL, I shall be through in a
moment.
Mr. WADE. I wish to ask what is the ques-
tion before the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the .Senator from Mis-
souii to the amendment of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts.
Mr. WADE. That is all 1 wanted to know.
[Laughter.]
uMr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts gets up here and says absent members
wish to vote, when he knows they were adver-
tised heieto-day thatthife matter was to be pressed
to-night; when he knows that in full Senate they
were told the intention was to press this bill, if
possible, to-night; and yet we find the Senator
from Massachusetts here declaring to the Senate
that no vote shall he taken. Does he hold in his
hand the Senate of the United States, that, in his
omnipotence, he is to say when votes shall be
taken mid public measures shall be passed ? Has
it oouie to this? Is he charged wkh the admin-
istration of the Government, as he is at the head
of one of the leading committees of the Senate,
undertaking to cairy on and maintain this great
Govei nmeut in this time of war; is he setting the
example here of delaying public business by
dilatojy motions, refusing either to discuss the
measure or allow it to be voted upon? And
then he appeals to the Senate that, they shall put
this measure over for somebody else to get ready.
If Senators are absent they are absent oh their
own K'sponsibihty. They knew this measure
was up. The Senator from Massachusetts has
fought it day after day to prevent it coming tip;
and wfsen a large majority of the Senate has over-
ruled him time and* again, and decided, that it
should come up, he stands hoie at half after ten
o'clock on Saturday night mak.mg dilatory mo-
tions to prevent the action of the body upon what
he denominates u this great, important meas-
ure. " Su, there can be no excuse for such
action.
[ have refrained from taking up any time on
th's joint resolution. I did intend to say some-
tints^ upon it, and I would have done so to-night
if i1 <Ji:-oux;xi.tn had been continued, and there
wa« a probability of coming to a vote. I have
no disposition to press unreasonably a vote on
