1108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
this question. It is a mutter that has.been before
the Senate of the United States for a number of
weeks. It was discussed to some extent before
it was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
It was reported to this body a week,ago. It has
I been deposed for several days. I'shoulJ have
been^ glad, if it must go over until next week,
that it could have gone over without these mani-
festations of a determination to browbeat the
Senate on the pan of a minority. I shall be very
glad if we can come to a vote to-night. If there
was any reason 'given for postponing it until
Monday, and we oould come to a vote then, I
should not attempt, for one, to force the Senate
unreasonably. I desired to have a vote to-night;
I desire to finish the resolution now to-night; but,
,sir, above all things I desire not to see such a
course resorted to as is being attempted here to
put off this great public measure.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Illinois
draws upon his imagination, which, on this oc-
casion is peculiarly lively. 1 know not that any-
body has undertaken to browbeat unless it be
himself. ■ Certainly nobody on the side with
which I am associated has done any such thing,
or I believe imagined doing such a thing.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 heard it said that there
should be no vote to-night.
Mr. SUMNER. Well, sir, is that brow-
beating?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it is undertaking
to decide for the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. Is that browbeating? No,
sir; it is only undertaking to decide the conduct'
of an individual Senator with regard to an import-
ant public measure. The question between the
Senator from Illinois and myself is simply this:
he wishes to pass the measure, and I do no't wish
to pass it. 'He thinks the measure innocent; I
think it dangerous; and thinking it dangerous, I
am justified in opposing it, and justified, too, m
employing all the instruments that I can find in
the arsenal of parliamentary warfare. But, sir,
I mean .to employ them properly and in a par-
liamentary way. In no other way can 1 act m
this Chamber.
The Senator from Illinois is entirely mistaken
if he supposes that this measure can be passed to-
night. I tell him it cannot. Parliamentary law
is against him; and the importance of the meas-
ure justifies a resort to every instrument that par-
liamentary law supplies. The Senator knows it
well. I need not even suggest |t.
And now, sir, I have to counsel the Senator—
perhaps he would say that I am taking too great
a liberty, and even dictating—but I would counsel
the Senator, first, to look at the clock. He will
see that it is twenty-five.minutes of eleven; that
it is approaching Sunday morning. Then let him
think that we have been here all day; and then I
would counsel him to ask himself whether, all
things consideied, it is advisable to press this rev-
olutionary measure after this protracted session,
and at this late hour. I think his better judg-
ment will come to the conclusion that it is not.
At any rate, should he not come to that conclu-
sion, I think he will make a mistake, and that all
his efforts will be fruitless. There is a certain
character of antiquity who was found sowing salt
in the sand by the sea-shore, and plowing it in;
and the Senator will be engaged m an occupation
just about as profitable.
Mr. McDOUGALL. It is now late in the
evening, as has been remarked by the Senator
from Massachusetts. It is my opinion that he
has caused it to be late in the evening for us.
He challenges the hour. He has dune much to
make the hour. If volubility and wisdom 'are
one, he is the wisest man in the world. [Laugh-
ter.] It is the desire of the Senate, who are desir-
ous to vote on this subject, to get to a conclusion.
I came here for that purpose. I desire to vote.
My opfhions have been matured, and I think the
opinions of every Senator here on this floor have
been matured on-this present subject, and this pro-
longated conversation,or discourse, or elocution,
or whatever you may call it, is not valuable to
the business of our Government or the conduct
of the Senate. I hope that we may have a vote. I
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question !
is on the amendment to the amendment. '
Mr. DAVIS. The Senate is very thin, and I
move a call of the Senate; and on that motion I
ask for the the yeas and nays.
February 25,
Mr. FOSTER. No such motion can be enter-
tained.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
suggest to the Senator from Kentucky that a
motion of that kindlias never been entertained
by the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. CHANDLER. On th^t motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 8, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Mes^r*. Brovvii,*!>ueki\U'W, Cmliie,Davis, Pow-
ell, Riddle, Wilson, and Wright—8.
NAYs5—Messrs. Clailt, Dixon, Uooliale, Foot, Foster,
Harlan, flendei-on, Hendricks, llovvr, Johnson, Lane of
Indiana, Lane of Kausis, McDousall, Moiaan, Poineroy,
llain*ey, Ton Eyck, Trumbull, and Wiltey—19.
ABSENT—MPSsr*. Anthony, CiiandJei,Coll<imer, Con-
ner, Cowan, Karwull. Grimub, Hale, llardnig, Harris,
Howard, Morrill, Nesmitli. Nye, ltieliard^on, Sau^buiv,
Sherman, Spragup, Stewart. Sumner, Van Winkle, Wade,
and Wilkinson—23.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire tosubmita very
few remarks to the Senate upon this question,
and if we are to come to a vote to-night I will do
so now. I am opposed to this resolution, but
have voted on every occasion to come to a vote.
I have voted against adjournments and all delays.
! was opposed to bringing this resolution up to
the exclusion of other business; but now that it
is before us I think we ought to dispose of it.
ii it is a pleasure to the Senate to take a vote to-
night I appeal to the gentlemen who are opposed
to the measure to satisfy their responsibility by
giving a vote against it, leaving to the Senatois
who are not present the responsibility for their
absence. I shall detain the Senate but a few
minutes in what I have got to say upon it; but if
further motions to adjourn are' made of course I
do not care about speaking.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the further
consideration of this subject be postponed until
next Saturday at twelve o'clock, and be made the
special order for that hour; and on that motion I
ask for the yeas and nays. '*
Mr. FOSTER. I rise to a point of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
will state his point of order.
Mr. FOSTER. It is this : that the Senator
from Michigan is not present. [Lafighter.] His
name was called a few moments since, and the
vote showed that he was riot present, and he has
not since come into the Chamber. I object, there-
fore, that he is hot in the Chamber.
Mr. CHANDLER. I' have got back.
Mr. FOSTER. The Senator has not left the
Chamber. He refused to answer to his name,
when, by the rules of the Senate, if a Senator is
present he is required to vote,and that, of course,
shows that he has seceded, and is, therefore, out
ot the body. [Laughter.] Having seceded from
the body, and not yet returned to it, he ought
not, as 1 submit to the Chair, to be recognized to
make a motion. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Michigan moves that the further consider-
ation of the subject be postponed until Saturday
next.
Mr. CHANDLER. At twelve o'clock, and
be made the special order for that hour.
Mr. WADE. Let us have the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will suggest to the Senator that his motion can-
not be made in the form in which he submits it.
A special order cannot be made for the next Con-
gress.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I will leave off the
special order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the further consideration of the bill be post-
poned until Saturday next.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I, like the Senator from
Indiana, wish to submit some remarks to the
Senate upon this subject, although I do not wish
to trouble the Senate with such crude remarks as
I can make except to explain my own position
with reference to it. I am left to-night m this
situation: a member of this body, differing with
tne in opinion 111 reference to this measure, he
being in favor of it and I being opposed to it,
asked me to pair off with him. i considered it a
pair upon the final passage of the resolution; but
as delay may defeat, the measure, I have felt a
sense of delicacy constraining me not to vote upon
motions of adjournment or anything else. I feel
the enibarrassm<?ht of the charge that an attempt
is being made to be factious and of leaving the
Senate without a quuium, which under no cir-
cumstances 1 could do; which 1 have declined to
do heretofore. But, sir, 1 wish an opportunity
to say a few words upon this subject, and as the
pair will last Sir to-night and will terminate with
to-night, if the subject can be postponed I will
join with my friend from Indiana in offering no
opposition to a vote being taken at any reason-
able hour.
Mr. HENDRICKS. No Senator, of course,
is desirous of remaining here unnecessarily and
accomplishing nothing. We may as well come
to some practical conclusion; and for that purpose
I move that this resolution be postponed until
Monday; evening at eight o'clock, and be made
the special order for that hour.
Mr. WADE. There is a motion pending which
is undecided.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is a
motion already before the Senate.to postpone the
further consideration of this resolution until Satur-
day next at twelve o'clock.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I suppose the Senator
from Michigan merely interposed that motion so
as to prevent a vote to-night.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On that ques-
tion the yeas and nays have been ordered, and
the call will proceed.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Upon that question I
have one word to say. The remark has been
made that the Senator from Massachusetts, whose
champion certainly I am not, and with whom I
very seldom, perhaps never, act, is uniting him-
self with a portion of the members of this Senate
with whom he does not usually act, to delay the
action of the body, and to defeat definite action
on this measure. It is true 1 find myself in the
position to-night of cooperation with the Senator
irom Massachusetts, perhaps for the first time in
my life; but believing the position he has taken,
and tho^e Senators who act with him, is the true
position, I will have the manhood, in the face of
the Senate of the United States, to declare that I
am ready to cooperate with them in opposition to
this measure. Though it may be charged, as it
lias been privately, that the extremes are acting
together, and that the radicals are acting together,
I avow that upon all such questions 1 am a radi-
cal. I will not give any vote nor do any act that
shall countenance for one moment the power of the
Executiveof the United States,oroffanytmilitary
subaltern, to force agovernmentupon the people
of this country. I have seen enough in the his-
tory of my own little State of military power and
the attempt to override organized law and fun-
damental constitutions, to withhold my approba-
tion on this, and on every occasion, from the act
of any Administration or any military power that
shall attempt it.'
Sir, I meet the accusation of acting with the
radicals on the other side, if such there be, in the
spirit of defiant manhood. When my judgment
approves the course of radicals, I would rather
be with radicals than with conservatives whose
opinions I do not approve. I admire the men
who nobly stand by their principles and carry
them out to their ultimate conclusions. I disap-
prove of the principles with which the radicals
of the Republican party started out four years
ago in this contest; but when they nobly and
manfully stand up to them, 1 am not the man to
riste in the Senate of the United States and either
by word or vote to condemn their action. 1 am
a radical myself, a radical Democrat, believing
that in the spirit of Democracy our institutions
and our Government were founded, and believ-
ing that if ever you preserve that Government
and those institutions you have got to come back
and listen to the teachings of the Democratic
founders of the country. It is not for me, who
profess to be honest in my own convictions, to
say_ that other gentlemen, however widely they
may differ from me, are not honest in theirs.
I wish to say to the honorable chairman o^the
Committee on the Judiciary that I accept it-as
no imputation upon my consistency as a Demo- •
crat, that upon 'questions of this kind I am found
cooperating with men so radically opposed to me
