mo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25.
Senators ar^ not prepared because they do not
agree with him ! Sir, I would to God the whole
American people could look in upon ihis scene
and upon the Senator from IVj.assaehusef[s. Tha*
Senator more than once, because I have urged the
admission of the free State of Louisiana, with a
• constitution which has been adopted ;>y the vote
of a large majority of her loyal people; *n consti-
tution which js loyul to trie Union, and sets free
in the districts which were excepted ftom the
President's proclamation almost ninety thou-
sand slaves, has charged me with standing in the
mar£h of human freedom; and yet he here, in
season and out of season, is against the recogni-
tion of the free State of Louisiana and against a
constitution which gives freedom to ninety thou-
sand slaves and to all the slaves of Louisiana,
whether the emancipation proclamation readied
them or not, because, as he avowed last evening
on the floor of the Senate, the constitution of
Louisiana is not republican in form, inasmuch as
that constitution does notguaranty suffrage to all
the colored inhabitants of Louisiana.
He avowed also that it was the duty of Con-
gress to guaranty a republican form of Govern-
ment to every State in this Union; and therefore,
as a necessary consequence of his doctrine, Con-
gress ought to pass a law which should declare
that the law of New York, which requires a
qualification upon negro suffrage, should bo abol-
ished; that the law of New Jersey, the law of
Pennsylvania, the law of Indiana, the law of
Ohio, the law of Illinois, the law of almost every
State in this Union, must be changed by a law
of Congress, in order to guaranty to all the citi-
zens of the several States a republican form of
Government. This is the reason why he is op-
posed to this constitution and this State of Louis-
iana. He would break down the right of every
State to judge upon its own suffrage. I would to
Heaven the whole country could look in upon
this scene. They would then see what has be-
come of all this boastful pretense in favor of the
real advancement of the freedom of the African,
when the Senator is repeating these charges again
and again against me, that I am standing in the
way of the march of freedom. We have seen
this factious performance here, and understand
it all. We know what it means.
Mr. President, so far as any effort on my part,
forone, is concerned, to undertake to prevent any
fcntleman from expressing his opinion just when
e pleases, and just as long as he pleases, upon
any measure pending, 1 demur to the charge alto-
gether. I am perfectly willing that the honorable
Senator fromtOhio [Mr, Wade] should go on
to-night, or on Monday, or any other time, pro-
vided it may be understood that the mojouty of
this Senate shall have the privilege of recording
their votes on this question. Thai is all I ask,
and all that the majority have a right to ask.
Mr: SUMNER. Mr.'Piesulent, 1 do notlike
controversy. 1 am sorry always when I am en-
gaged in it. I differ in that respect from the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin. He does like it. He is
never so happy as when he is attacking some-
body, and he is especially happy when he is at-
tacking me. Senators will bear me witness that
-• I never allude to that Senator unless in reply to
him. He is perpetually alluding to rm , «nd in
an odious, i might say, almost a v mdictive spn it.
1 say, sir, i do not like conuoversy; but i am
ready to meet the Senator at any time.
The Senator—1 wish to be pailinientary—has a
monomania. Part of it is shown, as ( have already
said, m attacking me. He has an..iher monoma-
nia, which he has shown too often dui ing she last
few years, which leads him to throw himself In
the way of tin* march of human liberty. You
have not forgotten how, v/he'i we w-ie .m-« l<mu
to establish emancipation in tins Dis ■ er i- , -
sis ted upon foistin^ an in ■ ;! ional siln mt' m'.'Mj
onizafion upon that bernficent nn-asur- : that he
extorted from the good nature of the Senate an
appropriation which ought never to have been
made.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator will allow
me to call his attention to the fact that trie Sena-
tor from Kentucky [Mr. Davis ] moved ?tn amend-
ment to that bill to m ike a h«e ihte C<>1 >1112.rioo
of the negroes of this Distnct that .-tin-rd
emancipated. I moved 'o amend if so it
should only be by rh<*ir fiee and vohon u^cdi
sent. I have already iit'tm misreptesuutyd enough
upon thai sGhjMcL by those newspapeis that pe-
culiarly sympathise with the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts; and I wish n ,w to call the Senator's
attention to that fact, that that was my amend-
ment; and it was an amendment to the proposi-
tion of the Senator from Kentucky. *
Mr. SUMNER. We all know that he was
wedded to the inational policy of colonization;
wedded to an odious measure; and that under
lus lead we were induced to make an appropria-
tion which afterward we were obliged to cancel.
You have not forgotten also Japw that Senator
flung himself in the path of every, proposition
made during th^ last session againstslavery; how
he flung himself forward desperately in order to
save the last relics of that atrocious fugitive slave
hill; how he seemed to throw himself on the side of
the slave hunter. And,now, sir, during the pres-
ent session, you have seen him, while declaring
his support of the constitutional amendment,
most zealously and sedulously advocating an in-
terpretation of the Constitution which is to post-
pone the consummation of that amendment.
1 do not doubt the sincerity of the Senator. v I
merely allude to these things to show the animus
under which he acts. And now the Senator
comes forward here to arraign me, and he sets up
the fact that I cannot accept his ill-omened con-
stitution from Louisiana; and he then, forsooth,
goes off into a rhapsody on what that constitu-
tion has accomplished. Sir, I hat constitution was
not necessary to the consummation which he in--
dicates. Slavery in Louisiana had already censed.
It is not necessary that we should recognize this
comtuutiorj, in order to complete the work.
But the Senator has copied and repeated the
speech of the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Hen-
derson,] with regard to the guarantee in the Con-
stitution of the United States. He says that I
have assumed a position here which, if carried
out, would require us to disfranchise New York,
and perhaps Wisconsin, and other States. The
Senator has not understood my position. The
Senator fio#m Missouri did not understand it last
night; and the Senator from Wisconsin has sim-
ply imitated the Senator from Missouri. I tell
him that the position which 1 took, and which at
tiie proper time will he vindicated, leads to no
such result. I will not go into the discussion of
that question now. That is collateral; and I only
allude to it now simply as another illustration of
the disposition which seems to actuate the Senator
from Wisconsin. If the guarantee of the Consti-
tution is to beenforced, then I insist that we must
look to the Declaration of Independence for the
essential principles of a republican government.
Sir, I have always tried to cultivate friendly
relations with that Senator. I have never said
anything on earth that was unkind of him. I do
not understand the animosity with which he seems
to pursue me. I can only account for it as a part
of that monomania which made him link himself
with the slave power.
Mr. DOOLETTLE. If the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts supples that I have the
slightest animosity toward*im personally he is
the most mistaken man that ever lived. 1 never
had in my heart a thought or feeling of animos-
ity towaid that Senator. But in relation to some
of Ins positions, I have attacked them with se-
verity. i shall continue to do so as Ions; as 1 be-
lieve them to be as dangerous as 1 think they are.
Aj r. SUMNER. Any tiling for freedom is dan-
<{ei ons to the Senator from Wisconsin.
M . DOOLITTLE In relation to myself, per-
sonally, 1 have nevi r spoken of nor airaigned
the Senator, except i n reply to him, when he has
to rained me in his speeches as being opposed to
freedom; that the animus which go\ewis me is
in opposition to freedom, and in sympathy with
sfavtiv and sinvehohif is. Of that the Senate
c.in juu£< ; the people who know me can judge;
and my whole life and bihiory on this subject is,
perhaps, known to some of my friends and to the
country.
Mr. President, I do say this: that, in my opin-
ion, nine tenths of all the judges and all the law-
yers and all the men of common sense in the
United States this day will maintain that in or-
dei fo <nJo] t a coastpusjoual amendment which
si.,ill he bihdoe; upon all the States of this Union
rln C<  nsui u- ion j < tpu. i s < n« ass< nt of the States,
{"he hi, a of iiie St ii;ito( ihaf infeiir'hs of ail
you can get to vote for the iuuKii<iai*nt will curry
it and make it operative upon those you cannot
get to vote for it, and the very States that are in-
terested in the question and whose interests and
rights are to be controlled by it, is, to my mind,
a monstrous proposition.
1 believe, and therefore say, that the Senator
from Massachusetts, in bringing the weight of his
name and all his influence to bear to prevent a
free State from being recognized, to prevent its
representatives being brought into the two Houses
of Congress, and the State recognized in every
form necessary to give validity to its action and
vote on the constitutional amendment, is taking
a position in opposition to freedom. Therefore,
it is without any animosity toward the Senator
from Massachusetts or the slightest unkind feel-
ing in the world, I undertake to say that the po-
sition which he takes and maintains here is in
opposition to the advance of freedom; that it
stands in its march; thafrit stands in the way of
the adoption of the constitutional amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. No.B
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator shakes his
head and says no. Suppose his opinion is right,
that the constitutional amendment might be
adopted by less than three fourths of all the
States of the Union 
Mr. SUMNER. Nineteen States.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. By nineteen States, in-
stead of twenty-seven. Suppose he believes that,
and suppose by possibility he were correctin that
opinion, still, in order to have it placed* beyond
doubt or cavil, so that the question cannot be
raised in a court or anywhere else, so that there
shall be no doubt on the subject, is it not of con-
sequence to obtain the votes and the consent of
twenty-seven States?
Mr. SUMNER. I would obtain the consent
of all.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, there will
he no misunderstanding between the Senator
from Massachusetts and myself. He has never
provoked in me any personal animosity. I have
never given utterance to the least expression of
personal aaimosity toward that Senator. I have
attacked his positions; and when the Senator has
sometimes undertaken, in his attack on my posi-
tion, to charge me with being in sympathy with
slavery and that 1 am opposed to fi eedom,I have
replied and arraigned his positions, and have at-
tacked them, and. it was right to do so. It was
just as much my right to arraign his positions as
for him to arraign mine. I do not assert any
superiority over that Senator. I have no right
to do so; and everybody would know that it
would be a miserable assumption on my part to
attempt it.
But I am not willing to be arraigned by the
Senator as being in sympathy with slaveholding
and against freedom; and I tell that Senator now
that on this very subject of colonization he has
persistently, by what he has said, misrepresented
—I do not say willfully—my position. I never
sought by word or deed to give force to any law
whatever which would in the slightest degree,
against the will and the free voluntary consent of
any person, cause his emigration, or his coloni-
zation, or his deportation anywhere. I would
open to the free colored men just as free emigra-
tion'to go from this country as I would open up
to persons from Europe to come here. The Sena-
tor cannot oppose the positions which I have
taken on that subject and at the same time state
them correctly as 1 make them.
But, Mr. President, I have said all that J desire
to say. I do not want that Senator to understand
that I have any animosity toward him. 1 have
not the slightest in the world toward him or to-
ward any Senator on this floor. I do not love
controversy for the sake of Controversy. That I
advocate measures, that I take positions, that I
am earnest in what I do, and earnest in what I
say and in what I feel, I do not deny; but there
is no hostility toward individuals and no personal
feeling intermixed, none whatevo-r.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I tried to get the floor to
say a word in reply to the Senator from Massa-
chusetts; but I feel very little inclination to doit
now. 1 think enough has been said. The Sen-
ator certainly, in his cooler moments, would not
consider it just to impute to me a disposition to
ciam a measure and force it, when the suggestion
I made was that we should take it up at the next
meeting ©f the Senate and proceed with u, not
