1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3451
labors of every civil officer increased? These
officers are all asking, with one accord, for an in-
crease of salary. If we allow an increase in this
instance we must of necessity allow it in every
other. This matter does not involve simply the
increase of $2,000 asked in this case; it involves
the question whether we shall add millions of dol-
lars to the expenses of the Government by in-
creasing the salaries of all our public officers.
For if we adopt the increase in one case it will
be brought forward asa precedent for an increase
in numerous other cases—a precedent the force
of which we cannot consistently deny.
I am not surprised, as some gentlemen appear
to be, that, in our efforts to check the increase of
expenditures we do not get assistance from gen-
tlemen on the other side of the House. We all
understand that when the slavery question shall
be removed from our discussions the questions
attracting the public attention will be chiefly of
a financial nature. We are going to be met with
the cry of " economy in our expenditures." We
cannotexpect gentlemen on thatsideof the House
to stay our course when we are rushing on this
rock of extravagance. I do not expect it; and I
am not surprised to find that gentlemen on that
side of the House are willing to assist members
on this side to increase salaries. I expect that
in a few days there will come from that side of
the House a proposition to increase the pay of
our soldiers and our sailors; and it is to be seen
how that proposition will be met. When I have
been appealed to by clerks from my own district
to vote for an increase of salaries, 1 have said to
them, " I cannot do it;" and I have told them,
"There are three or four thousand patriotic men
from my district, who are not only serving their
country, but facing their country's enemies; and
the salaries of these men should be increased first;
but I do not believe that the situation of our Treas-
ury will allow even that." And can we resist
that when we vote for this increase? Not at all.
Men who are holding office under the Govern-
ment are suffering as men are suffering who are
living upon salaries all over the country; no
moie and no less.
Everybody in this time is living economically.
Everybody at this time is suffering from the in-
creased price of everything throughout the coun-
try. Everybody is suffering from the increased,
cost of living. And when men are patriotically
bearing the expenses of taxation and patriotically
living upon small salaries all over the country, is
it a time to increase the salaries of the employes
of the Government? I know that these men
when they aie applicants for office profess a great
deal of patriotism, and I think that they can bear
the present salary when they have tried so hard to
get the places in the first instance. I shall vote
against any increase of salary; but I will say the
first increase I can be induced to vote for is when
gentlemen on the other side shall propose to in-
crease the pay of our officers and soldiers and
sailors.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KERNAN. I move to amend the amend-
ment by making it $3,500, in order to say a few
words. I am a good deal surprised that my col-
league from New York, whose remarks were
made apparently with a view to an effect else-
where, should, in view of the enormous expendi-
tures which have been made of the public money,
rise in his place here and charge that it is because
we on this side of the House will not help them
on that side to do what is right. I am a very
young member upon this floor, but I remember
one occasion when we on this side of the House
endeavored to oppose some measure—it was the
measure which afterward failed in the other
House—I mean the confiscation bill—and its
failure showed that we were right although it was
forced through this House by members on the
other side. On that occasion, sir, we were told,
and I will give substantially what was said, that
we on this side had better confine ourselves to our
legitimate business, the business for which we
were sent heie,of embarrassing and opposing, as
the people trusted, that side of the House. And
the House will remember that they said that they
would take care of the Government which had
been intrusted to them. We on tills side have
submitted on all occasions. What did we find to be
the case ? That it was fatal, almost, to any meas-
ure to have it come fiom this side of the House.
We were not able to get anything through. What
then, Mr. Chairman, were we to do? We were
told by members on that side that this was not the
time for economy when we proposed to reduce
appropriations, that seemed too large. All we
could do then was, when members on that side
endeavored to cut down what we believed to be
larger expenditures than were necessary, to help
them, as we were not allowed any chance of suc-
cess if we proposed to do so ourselves.
The gentleman from New York says that he
would ask what encouragement w« had given.
Why, sir, at this very Congress there has been
an appropriation of §108,000 for furniture for the
Treasury building; and yet the other day, when
I endeavored to strike out §15,000 of that amount
in order to show the disapproval of Congress of
such extravagant expenditures, I could scarcely
raise a friend to support me except on my own
side of the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. How many
members on the gentleman's side of the House
voted with him ?
Mr. ICERNAN. I believe that they all voted
with me, and that that side voted the other way.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No, sir; I
voted with the gentleman.
Mr. KERNAN. $1 give the gentleman credit;
and lam glad to know there are men on that side
who vote with us against extravagant expendi-
tures. But I do not want the insinuation to go
out, as it is an unjust one, that we would not help
them, and were therefore responsible. I have re-
mained here during the action on this long bill,
and have voted on all occasions for the reduction
of extravagant appropriations; and this side has
voted in the same way.
[Here ihe hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRILL. As 1 believe this debate is
wandering from the bill, I move that the commit-
tee rise for the purpose of terminating the debate
upon the whole bill, unless unanimous consent
be given to take the question.
Mr. KERNAN. I withdraw my amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to offer an amend
ment to this section.
Mr. MORRILL. You can offer it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I want to explain it. _
Mr. MORRILL. I insist upon my motion.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had under con-
sideration the special order, being House bill No.
G40, making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 186G, and had
come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that all debate upon
the special order in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union be terminated in two
minutes after the committee resumes the consider-
ation thereof.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suggest that the gentleman
makes it ten minutes.
Mr. MORRILL. I will modify my motion ac-
cording to that suggestion.
The motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT OVER
Mr. STILES. I move that when the House
adjourns it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
The motion was not agreed to.
LEGISLATIVE AI'PROPKIATION BILL.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on thestate of the Union, (Mr. Dawes
in the chair,) and iesumed,as a special order, the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 649) making
appropriations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the year
ending 30th of June, 1866; the question being on
the amendment of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Arnold.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to amend the
amendment of my colleague by reducing the
amount to $3,500. I do this not merely for the
purpose of opposing the amendment of my col-
league, for if any of these gentlemen are en titled
to have their compensation increased, tljis officer
at Chicago is as much entitled to it as any of tlverp,
but it seems that he has not been sufficiently in
the ring to get into this combination for increasing
salaries. But what I more particularly desired to
say is that it does seem to me that this attempt to
increase the salaries of these high officers is most
impudent and atrocious.
Mr. THAYER. The gentleman talks about
rings being formed for raising Salaries, and pro-
nounces the effort impudentand atrocious. No*,'
as one of the gentlemen who is to be affected by
this proposed increase of salaries is a resident of
my district, I desire to know whether the gentle-
man has any reason for supposing that he is in
the ring.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. He is certainly in the
ring of this section, which rings of an increase of
salaries.
Mr. THAYER. Then the gentleman does not
mean to impute anything improper by his lan-
guage.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No, sir; not at all. I
do not propose to indulge in any attack upon the
character of these men; but I do repeat that I
think the commencement of increasing salaries at
this end of the route, beginning with higti officers,
is a most impudent and atrocious thing. There
are some branches of our Army that have not
been paid for nearly six months. A few days
ago I received a letterfrom an officer in command
at New Orleans, in which he informed me that
the paymaster had not been there fox nearly six
months. Here are soldiers drawing only six-
teen dollars a month, and exposing their lives to
danger and death, and no complaint comes from
this Committee of Ways and Means that they
are not receiving enough; there is no proposi-
tion to increase their pay. But when these m'en
who, the gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
says, have an income of $1,000,000 a year, come
and ask for an increase of their salaries, behold
they must have it.
Why, sir, if these gentlemen in New York who
are demanding an increase of their salaries have
an income of $1,000,000 a year, it seems to me
they are engaged in a very small business in de-
manding of us an increase of one, two, or three
thousand dollars ayear. Why, 1 am astonished
at the declaration which has been made here that
you cannot get competent men to fill those offices
unless you increase the compensation. Who has
i ever resigned? When, sir, has there been more
than one instance under this Administration of an
officer resigning because of the inadequacy of his
salary? Not at all. The men who deserve an
increase of salary are the men who cannot resign,
who are mustered into the service, and who if
they attempt to resign are put under arrest; they
are the poor men, the men who are exposing then-
lives every day, and what will not a man give in
exchange for his life?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOLMAN. I very cordially concur in
the views expressed by the gentleman from Illi-
nois, while I am not in favor of his amendment.
We upon this side of the House shall be very
happy to cooperate with him in behalf of justice to
a class of persons who cannot get out of the ser-
vice.
But in connection with this subject I desire to
bung to theattention of the House a proposition
which will accomplish a great act of justice on
the partof thisHouse; and I am happy to believe
that the ruling of the Chair will enable that prop-
osition to come before the House as a contingency
for carrying on a Department of the Government.
I ask that my amendment may be read. It is in
the nature of a limitation upon this appropriation.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
Add to section two the following:
And provided jurthcr, That the appropriation made by
this act Miali be on the condition that eveiy private soldier
who shall have ouhsted in any regiment or battery pre-
viously organised, with tlie distinct assurance given at the
tune ot' the enlistment hy the recruiting officer, or by the
Governor of the rftate wheie the enlistment was rtiade, that
he should be inu-tcred out ot service with the regiment or
battery 111 which he enlisted, shall, upon his application,
bo mustered out of the service with such regiment or bat-
tery, in aceoidanee with such assurance: or if the regiment
or battery shall liave been mustered out such soldier shall
be lot thwith discharged, anything in the musiering-m roll
of such soldier to the contiary notwithstanding; and tlrn
Secretary of War shall, subject to tlie appiovai of tlie Pre*-
