1112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
$15,000 would be no more than a just compensation ror
tfie property so taken, report a bill for that sum; and re-
spectfully recommend its passage.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
amend this bill by adding thejeto the following:
Jlndprovidedfurther, That Ihis act shall not be regarded
as establishing a precedent for paying claims of a char-
acter involving the payment of claims growing out of the
casualties of war.'
Mr. HOLMAN. I call the previous question
upon the bill and amendment.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered.
The amendment of Mr. Washburne, of Illi-
nois, was adopted.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed anil read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was read the third time, and passed.
Mr.jjjrlOLMAN moved to jeconsider the vote
by .which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to move that the
order establishing a morning hour, to the exclu-
sion of regular business, shall be rescinded, so
as to leave us in the condition of a regular mora-
ine hour.
The SPEAKER. The order having been made
by unanimous consent, it would require a motion
to suspend #ie rules, it' any objection is made.
Mr. HALE. I object.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I move to suspend the
rules for that purpose. "We cannot get through
our business unless we use the morning hour as
a genera! tiling. Of course it does not inevitably
give the Committee of Ways and Means the
morning hour, but it gives us the power hereaf-
ter to use it", if necessary.
Mr. HALE. We want to use this morning
hour.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not propose to use this
morning hour, but to rescind the order after to-
day.
Mr. HALE. Then I think we better dispose
of that question when the morning arrives.
Mr. STEVENS. If we do that, we will not
know how to regulate our business. 1 move to
suspencTthe rules, so as to rescind the order for
the morning hour.
The motion was agreed to; and the rules were
suspended.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move to rescind the
order by which a morning hour was made im-
perative every day.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BLOW, 1 ask unanimous consent to re-
port from the Committee of Ways and Means
Senate bill No. 359, to teimburse the State of
Missouri for moneys advanced to the United
States.
Mr. HALE. I must object. I demand the
regular order of business.
JOSIAII COPELAND.
The SPEAKER announced the first business in
order to be the consideration of a bill (H. R. No.
793) authorizing the Commissioner of Patents to
extend the patent of Josiah Copeland for a new
and useful improvement in boot-crimps, which
was read the third time on yesterday.
Mr. L. MYERS called the previ-ous question
on the passage of the bill.
The'previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois, demanded the
yeas and nays.
Mr. KALBFLEISCH. I hope that the yeas
and nays will be ordered, as I think that the prin-
ciple of the bill is wrong.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 56, nays 33, not voting 88;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ashley, Bailv, John D. Bald-
win, Baxtf-r, Blow, Brandeqer. hroomalf, Ambrose W.
Clark, CofFroth, Doming, Dixon, Donnelly, Dismont,
JiMmi, Eldndge, Eliot, Halt:, Jlardimr. Ilerriek^ Hoopwr,
Hoh'hkis*. AsaIiH W. Hubbard. John 11. Hubbard,
Jencko, K:it*on, Kelley, Francis W. Kello««, Knox, Me-
Bnde, MeClunr, Momhem], I)am<*l M<>iri>,~Atno* Afver.-,
Leon.nd M\oi-*, Nobh', Norton, Orth, Price. l'nnn, Rad-
ford. Alexander' H. Rice. Edward II. Knlhn . Si-hfnr k,
Seotield, Smulicffr, ^nneiir-. Suon^e/rhajer,Tracy, Web-
ster, Wheeler, Williams Wilder, and Worfhmgton 56.
NAYS—Mo^frs. Ancona, Auguftus C. Baldwin, Bea-
v/
man, Boutweil, Cobb, Cole, Denison, Eekley, Edgerton*
Grider. H<gby, Holmari, Nutchins, Kalbfleisch, Kernan,
Law, Lon«, Marcy, McKinney, Middleton, Samuel F. Mil-
ler, William H. Miller, Morrill, Pendleton, Periiam, Ro^s,
Sloan,Thomas, Townsend, Upson, Wadsworth, Elilm B.
Washbiyne, William B. Washburn, Chilton A. White,
Joseph W, White, Wilson, Winfield, and Fernando Wood
-38.
NOT VOTING —Messrs, James C. Allen, William J,
Allen, Alley, Ames, Anderson, Arnold, Blaine, Blair, Bliss,
Boyd, Brooks, Janjes S. Brown, William G. Brown, Chatt-
ier, Freeman Clarke, Clay, Cox, Cravens, CresweH, Henry
Winter Davis, Thomas T. Davis, Dawes, Dawson, Eng-
lish, Faritsworth, Finek, Frank, Gan&on, Garfield, Gooch,
Grinnell, Griswold, Hall, Harrington, Benjamin G.. Harris,
Charles M. Harris. Hulburd, Ingeisoll, Philip Johnson,
William Johnson, Julian, Orlando Kellogg, King, Knapp,
Lazear, Le Blond, LittUjolm, Loan, Longyear, Mallory,
Marvin, McAllister, McDowell, Mclndoe, Jatnes it. Mor-
ris, Morrison, Nelson, Odell, Charles O'Neill, John O'Neill,
Patterson, Perry, Pike, Pomeroy, Samuel J. Randall, Wil-
liam H. Itandail, John H. Rice, Robinson, Rogers, James
S. Rollins, Scott, Shannon, Smith, Spalding, Starr, John
B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stiles, Stuart, Sweat, Van
Valkenburgh, Voorhees, Ward, Whaley, Wiudom, Benja-
min Wood, Woodbridge, and Yeaman—B8.
So the bill was passed.
During the vote,
Mr. WILLIAMS stated that Mr. Starr was
absent on account of illness.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded. *
Mr. L. MYERS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported thatthey had examined and found
truly enrolled a bill and joint resolution of the fol-
lowing titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 347) for the relief of Rebecca
S. Harrison; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 112) for the relief of
James B. Royce. J/
DELIA JACOBS. ^V|
Mr. CHANLER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Patents to report a bill to refer to the
Commissioner of Patents the application of De-
lia Jacobs for the renewal of a patent for dressing
treenails. This patent has only run for fourteen
years, and it is entitled to run seven years more
under the law; but on accountof a mistake on the
part of the memorialist the Commissioner refused
to grant the extension.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will send the
bill up.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. CHANLER. A treenail is a boat-nail
made of locust wood, for the purpose of fastening
the timbers of ships. The patent was originally
granted in 1849, and expired in 1856. If required,
i will have the memorial read. She failed to show
by affidavit to the Commissioner of Patents that
she was administratrix of the patentee, and under
the law, failing to make that affidavit, the Com-
missioner refused to make the extension. The
patent has not run twenty-one years yet, to which
it is entitled to run. I have seen the Commis-
sioner of Patents on the subject, and he says that
he remembers the facts of the case, and that the
allegations of the memoiialist are true. I demand
the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope that
we will not be called upon to vote for the exten-
sion of all the patents in the country without dis-
cussion.
Mr. CHANLER. I withdraw the demand
for the previous question. I am willing to answer
any question, or to furnish all the information de-
sired by gentlemen in regard to this case.
Mr. W ASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let the me-
morial be read.
The memorial was read for information.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think I
understand from the memorial that this rase is
about this: this patent was issued in 1849, the
party to whom it was issued died, and the widow
sold out all h5r right, title, and interest, and got
about a thousand dollars for it.
Mr. CHANLER. No, sir.
Mr. WADSWORTH. Seventeen hundred
dollars net.
Mr WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Seventeen
hundred dollars net the gentleman from Ken-
tucky says. No application was made for a re- !
ncwul of the patent, and now the widow cumes f|
here, apparently with the collusion of the party
to whom the patent was assigned, to speculate
out of Congress by getting a renewal.
Mr. CHANLER. The mern'onal sets forth
that an application for a renewal was filed, and
that everything was done that could be done by
the party to secuie an extension.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Why did
they wait eight years? Now they come heie and
say the invention is of great value, and ask us to
impose a tax upon'our constituents and place the
avails in the hands of the assignee, lam opposed
to this class kind of legislation. Let us legislate
on such matteis by a general law and not by these
special acts.
And again, according to the statement of the
gentleman from New York he has seen the Com-
missioner of Patents on this matter, who has pre-
judged it, and if we pass this bill the patent will
be renewed anyhow.
Mr. JENCKES. This is a bill to correct an
error in the office of the Commissioner of Patents.
The proper evidence* was on file, butit wasover-
looked by theCommissionerof Patents in his de-
cision on the case; and without the action of Con-
gress this petitioner will be without remedy.
Mr. DAWES. I would inquire of the gentle-
man from New York whether the patent is still
in force.
Mr. CHANLER. No, sir.
Mr. DAWES. How long since it expired?
Mr. CHANLER. In 1863.
Mr. DAWES. 1 understand the patent ex-
pired in 1856, and I would inquire of the gentle-
man what has been the condition of the manu-
facture of the article since that time. Have not
parties, availing themselves of the freedom of this
invention from a patent, gone into the manufac-
ture of the article ?
/ Mr. CHANLER. I know nothing in refer-
ence to that matter. I only know this case as
presented in the memorial. I have no knowledge
of the manufacture or of the trade in this article.
Mr. DAWES. I would inquire if this bill in
any way protects those who may have gone into
the manufacture of the article recently, and since
the patent expired?
Mr. CHANLER. I am nota\ware that it does.
Mr. DAWES. I do not know what the facts
are, but men may have invested their property in
the manufacture of this article, free and open to
everybody;and does thegentleman think it right
to spring a patent upon them now?
Mr. CHANLER. I should think it was not
right, and it was not my object to do that.
Mr. DAWES. I should infer, if this was a
valuable invention and worthy of a patent, that
its manufacture must have, been gone into during
the last eight years; and if it has gone into gen-
eral use, the gentleman ought, at least, to protect
those now manufacturing the article.
Mr. CHANLER. It might be well to do so.
My object was to do my duty in making a report
according to the instructions of the committee;
and I have reported the bill in the form usual in
such cases. It can be amended.
Mr. WADSWORTH. J feel some regret in
being compelled to state my objection to this sys-
tem of extending patents upon this little bill. It,
is a widow's bill, appai ently, and a very little bill
at that. Her whole inteiest in it is $3U0, which
her assignees have agreed to give her if we shall
extend the monopoly seven years logger. But
the bill illustrates the system. I am prepared
now to exhibit the generosity of a great people
toward any meritorious inventor, and to the fam-
ily of any meritorious inventor, who have not.
reaped a reward from an invention important to
mankind, sufficient to place them beyond the reach
of want.
Let the meritorious inventor come to Congress,
and show a proper exceptional case for our ac-
tion, and I will not object to voting for his ichef.
Bjtlwiil in no instance vote to extend a monop-
oly over thirty million people simply to fill the
pockets of vendors and assignees and traders who
have reaped the benefits of that invention. In
nine cases out of ten, as in this case, the persons
really interested in the extension of the patent are
the assignees of the patentee; those persons who
have had in their hands and reaped the benefit
of the patent during the greater part of the four-
teen years for which these monopolies run, while
the inventor and his family have received com-
