346
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
ident of the United States, adopt the proper lules as to
proofs of such enlistment neces&ary to cariy this provision
into effect.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 cannot raise a point of or-
der upon that amendment. I presume the gen-
tleman having got in his Buncombe speech, does
not care to press it.
Mr. HOLMAJN. I do care a great deal about it.
Mr. MORRILL. I make the point of order
that the amendment is not germane to the bill,
. and is independent legislation.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is a limitation upon the
appropriation, and provides for one of the Depart-
ments of the Government that comes within the
ruling of the Chair already made.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. HOLMAN. I must appeal from that de-
cision of the Chair most respectfully. The amend-
ment certainly comes within the ruling made by
the Chair since this bill has been under consider-
ation.
The question was taken on the appearand the
decision of the Chair was sustained as tlie judg-
ment of the committee.
Mr. SCHENCIC. Is there any time remain-
ing for debate?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks there
is about one minute left.
Several Members. Two minutes.
Mr. SCHENCIC. As I propose to vote in
favor of the amendment to stake out this whole
provision, I desire to explain in a few words why
1 shall do so.
I believe that such is the condition of the cur-
rency of the country, such the embarrassments
of the Treasury, and such the necessity for the
appropriation of our means to the carrying on of
this war, that in the present state of affairs, how-
ever meritorious the application, we cannot in-
crease generally the salaries of the officers of the
Government throughout the country. I believe
that there are very few of the present officers of
the Government, civil or military, who are not
compelled to bo exceedingly frugal to live at all
within the means that we give them for that pur-
pose; but if we commence at all, we must go
through with the whole list; and I am very un-
willing to commence with gentlemen who are re-
ceiving comparatively laige salaries, however in-
adequate they may be, who by living a little more
closely to the wind, a little more frugally, can
manage to get on, if at the same time we deny
an increase to the clerks here and the lieutenants
and others in the Army who cannot possibly live
upon the means that we furnish them.
[Here the hammer fell, the time allowed by the
resolution of the House for debate on the bill
having expired.]
Mr. ARNOLD. I will accept the amendment
of my colleague, establishing the salary of the
sub-Treasurer at Chicago at $3,500.
The question was taken on Mr. Arnold's
amendment as modified, and it was rejected.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the committee
do now rise and report the bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, as a special order, had under considera-
tion House bill No. 649, making appropriations
for the legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending June 30,
1866, and had directed him to report the same back
to the House with sundry amendments.
SENATE BILLS REFERRED.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the gentleman from
Vermont to give way to me a moment.
Mr. MORRILL. Certainly.
Mr. SCHENCK. Joint resolutions giving the
thanks of Congress to General Terry and Ad-
miial Porter have just arrived from the Senate. I
move that they be taken fioui the Speaker's table,
and referred respectively to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
There being no objection, joint resolution (S.
No. 98) to present the thanks of Congress to Ma-
jor General Alfred H. Terry and the officers and
men under his command, and joint resolution (S.
No. 99) tendering- the thanks of Congress to Rear
Admiral David £>. Porter, and to the officers,
petty officers, seamen, and marines under his
command for their gallantry and good conduct
in the recent capture of Fort Fisher, were taken
from the Speaker's table, read a first and second
time, and referred: the former to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia, and the latter
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House resumed the consideration of House
bill No. 649, making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30, 1866.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out the last
section of the bill, as follows:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the compensa-
tion of the Treasurei of the United States be, and the same
is hereby, fixed at §6,000 per annum ; the compensation of
the Assistant Treasuter at New Yorkat$6,000perannum,
and the salaries of the Assistant Tienj-urers at Philadelphia,
Boston, and St. Louis at §5,000 per annum each, to com-
mence trom the 4th day of Maich next; and the amount
necessary to pay the same for the current and next fiscal
year be, and the same is hereby, appiopnated out of any
money in the Tioasuiy not otherwise appropriated: Pro-
vided, That the inerea&ed compensation authorized by this
section shall continue in force for two years from the 4th
day of Match next, and no longei.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
Sec. 2. And be itfurther enacted, That the compensation
of the Treasurer of the United States he, and the same is
hereby, fixed at $6,000 per annmn; the compensation of
the AssistantTreasuier at New York at ."57,000 per annum;
and the sakuics of the Assistant Treasurers at Philadel-
phia, Boston, and St. Louis, at $5,000 per annum each, to
commence trom the 4th day of March next; and the
amount nece^arj- to pay the same ioi the current and next
fiscal y«>ar bo, and tho same is hor^by, appropriated out of
any money in the Tieasiiry not otherwise appropriated:
JJiovided, TJiat the incieascd compensation authonzed by
this section ftliall continue in force for two years from the
4th day of March next, and no longer: AndprovideJ fur-
ther, That nothing heiein contained shall be construed as
increasing the annual compensation of the Treasurer of
the Mutt, e\r officio A^istantTreasurerof the United States
at Philadelphia, beyond 000 for his services as Treas-
urer of the Mint and as Assistant Treasurer.
Mr, "WILSON. I hope that substitute will be
allowed to go in without a contest, and then the
House can take a vote on striking out the whole
section.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
substitute being incorporated in the bill as the
onginal text?
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
Mi-. MORRILL. The section is modified in
the last proviso, in order that the Assistant Treas-
uter at Philadelphia shall not from any construc-
tion of the law receive a double salary.
Mr. ARNOLD. Will the gentleman from Ver-
mont modify it by inserting a provision for the
Assistant Treasurer at Chicago?
Mr. MORRILL. I would be glad to do so,
but I am not at liberty, as I am acting under the
direction of the Committee of Ways and Means.
Besides I do not see that we would gain anything
by it, for the gentleman from Illinois has already
announced that he will vote against it, whether
that is on or out,
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man fiom Vermont agreed that if his substitute
was acceptcd we should have a vote on striking
out the section as amended. By that means those
who are opposed to this increase of salaries would
get the opportunity they desire, and we would
save a good deal of time.
Mr. HOLMAN. The objection to that is that
in thesectionasamended by the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, the salary of
the Assistant Treasurer at New York is fixed at
$6,000, whereas the substitute fixes it at $7,000.
If the House were not to strike out the section as
it now is, that salary would remain at $6,000;
but if the substitute of the gentleman from Ver-
mont were allowed to be incorporated as the orig-
inal text, and were not to be stricken out, that
salary would be $7,000.
Mr. MORRILL. I must insist that this is not
the same question as the general question of rais-
ing salaries throughout the country. I make the
point that this increase is represented, by the
proper organ of the Government, to be indispen-
sable to the conductof this Department. I know
that at New York, the only city where the salary
of this officcr has been reduced by the action of
the Committee of the Whole, the officer is one of
experience, tact,and skill,who saves to the Gov-
ernment daily more than the amount of his sal-
ary. I think it, therefore, the part of wisdom that
we should consent, not to an extravagant salary,
but to make it what it ought to be, considering the
vast amount of business that is done at that office.
Mr. GARFIELD. I hope that the amendment
in relation to dry plate printing in the iFreasury
Department will not be adopted by the House. I
will not enter into an argument of the case, but I
will simply state a few facts. It has been stated
here that vast sums of money are being expended
in the Treasury Department for an experiment—
an experiment which has been a failure. Now,
sir, I hold in my hand the report made by the in-
vestigating committee last fall; and on page 360 is
a letter from the late Secretary of the Treasury,
Mr. Chase, in regard to the cost of printing money
under that system, and, indeed, in regard to the
whole cost of printing in the Treasury Depart-
ment. That letter of the Secretary of the Treasury
and other documents show conclusively that the
cost of this printing ismore than one hundred per
cent, more when done by bank-note companies
than when done in the Treasury Department.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to ask the gentleman
whether, in the statement submitted by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, the entire cost of print-
ing is not included, whereas the amendment to
which the gentlemen refers relates only to the
experiment with the hydrostatic press.
Mr. GARFIELD. Certainly. If the gentle-
man had waited, I should have come to that.
Now, sir, the cost of printing in the Treasury
Department, as given in these tables,includes the
entire outlay for hydrostatic presses. The ex-
pense of large and heavy machines,now thrown
aside as worthless, is included in the cost. Yet,
notwithstanding all this, the costof printingis not
so great, by one to three hundred per cent.,as it
was when done under contract by the bank-note
companies of New York.
In regard to the dry plate printing, to which
the gentleman has referred,the committee did re-
port that the machinery was very heavy and ex-
pensive, that the experiment had not yet been
completed, and that they could not recommend
the system on the score of economy. It seemed
to us to be an expensive experiment and one of
doubtful success. But since that time the experi-
ment has proved highly successful. ( think there
can scarcely be found an instance of so marked a
success in any branch of mechanical ingenuity as
this experimcntin dry plate printing, if the gen-
tleman will visittheTreasury Department he wjII
find that printing is there executed far faster by
this method than by the old method; and not only
faster, but far better. The printing is executed
in such a way as to afford almost an absolute se-
curity against counterfeiting. Within the past
few months one of the most accomplished engi-
neers of England has visited the printing estab-
lishment of the Treasury Department, and ho
declares the printing machinery now in use there
to be a master-piece of skill m mechanics. And
1 am informed to-day by a gentleman on this floor
that Professor Agassiz, who has witnessed the
operation of that machinery within the past week,
pronounces it one of the wonders of the age-
one of the marvels of mcchanical science.
These facts, which have come to light since the
committee made their report, constitute, I think, a
triumphant vindication of the genius of the man
who has perfected this mechanism, whatever may
be said against his personal character. I hope that
these facts will convince the House of the impro-
priety of retaining an amendment which would
throw a reflection upon the whole system.
Mr, PRICE. As the gentleman was a member
of the committee chargcd with the investigation
in reference to the printing of bills, I wish to ask
him what is the cost per thousand for printing?
Mr. GARFIELD. I will read from the letter
of the Secretary of the Tieasury, which I hold
in my hand:
"The cost per $1,000 of five-cent fractional currency"—
Mr. PRICE. That is not the question. I wish
to know the cost per thousand of pi in tins: the bank
bills?
Mr. GARFIELD. The coat of printing the
bank bills has nothing to do with dry plate print-
ing. I beg to remind the gentleman that I am
speaking on the subject of dry plate printing, and
the fractional currency is the only kind of currency
printed in that way.
Mr. PRICE. The question tinder considera-
tion involves the printing of the bank bills as well
as the fractional currency.
