1865
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ills
paratively nothing. These assignees appeal to
the sympathies of members of Congress in order
to procure an extension of the monopoly for seven
years, and in the sacred name of widow and or-
phan.
Now, it is with the profoundest regret that I
have seen the members of this House so gener-
ally indifferent to this thing. X am prepared to
concede that the inventorouglit to have a monop-
oly in the first instance, for some sufficient, fixed
term} let it be so. But I do most cordially indorse
the policy of the act of 1861, which declared that
hereafter patents should be granted for seventeen
years, and that there should he no extension of
such patents. That is a sound policy, and now
will this Congress break down the policy estab-
lished by the act of 1861? I am very sorry that
the Committee on Patentsdo notlook atitin that
way. 1 am sorry they do not discourage these
applications, and do not propose to confine the
action of Congress to the policy of 1861, deny-
ing severely the extension of patents in all cases.
Mr. CHAfJLER. Is the gentleman opposed
to grunting patents, and if not, for how long
would he have them granted?
Mr. WADSWORTH. For fourteen years,
under the old law; for seventeen years, under the
act of 1861. «
Mr. CHANLER". This patent has run {inly
fourteen years, and the party, under the old law,
is entitled to an extension of seven years. But
by no fault of his the application was delayed too
long. This is not an application to extend a
patent beyond the time allowed by the law. it
simply allows the lawful extension of the patent,
which failed through the omission on the part of
the paid attorney to do his dutv. And the ar-
gument of the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Wadsworth] amounts to this: that for the pur-
pose of making an argument, which covers thirty-
one million people, he insists that a just law shall
not be carried out.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I differ with the gen-
tleman about the law. We have no statute, and
never had a statute, which, as a mutter of right,
gives an extension for seven years. We have
simply a statute which confers on the Commis-
sioner of Patents a discretion to extend a patent
for seven years, when it shall be shown, among
other things, that the inventor has not reaped a
sufficient reward for his invention, by no fault
of his, during the fourteen years for which the
patent was originally grinted.
Mr. CHANLER. This is exactly just such
a case.
Mr. WADSWORTH. The Commissioner is
to extend the patent when it shall appear,among
other things, that the invention is novel, useful,
and important,-and that th§ inventor has not de-
rived a sufficient reward for his time, talents,and
expenditures, in perfecting the invention. It
simply ^ests a discretion in the Commissioner,
the presumption being always that the inventor
has received his reward, and that his monopoly
should cease. He must make out a case, and
show that he has not received it, and by no faul^
of his. The act of 1861 is a step in advance,
which I do not think the House should recede
from. That act renounced the policy of exten-
sion, and made the term of the patent seventeen
instead of fourteen years.
I was remarking, when interrupted by the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Ciianler,] that this
poli.cy of renewing patents is altogether vicious.
Suppose the patent is a valuable one, worth mil-
lions. The Goodyear patent, for instance, in
which there are millions of dollars involved. It
opens a door to every sort of fraud and rascality
to allow such vast private interests to haunt the
rooms of the Patent Office, or cumber the lobby
of Congress, invade even the rooms of members,
and subsidize the press, taking the names of
widow and orphans in vain to procure a new
lease of power over mankind.
A patent worth several million dollars can fight
its way through the Department and through
Congress in the face of the vital interests of the
pdblic; and as a general thing nobody wants an
extension of a patent unless it is in such common
use as to lay under contribution millions of people.
The greater the utility of the invention the greater
' the slavery to which the monopoly subjects the
mass of the people. I do not know but that, m
the progress of invention, some man may invent
something which, if he be allowed a monopoly of
it for fourteen years even may give him for that
period a controlling power over mankind too great
iorthe public safety. Suppose that a man should
invent something that would wonderfully cheapen
the means of subsistence beyond all hitherto
achieved, that would put within the reach of every-
body elegant and refined but cheap mean's of sub-
sistence, what a vast power over mankind could
be wielded by that inventor, under his monopoly,
for fourteen years! What desperate and danger-
ous expedients aimed at the administrative offi-
cers and the legislative body in such cases does
this thoughtless policy of extensions invite!
As is most frequently the case, the inventor,
exalted or lost in the rapture of invention, be-
comes the victim of some scheming trader, who
reaps the millions that the invention produces.
At the end of the term for which the patent was
granted.an application is made for an extension.
The poverty of the inventor, contrasted with the
benefactions his genius has added to the sum of
good, is pleaded before the Department and before
Congress. An extension isgranted, and thatex-
tension inures to the benefit, not of the inventor
or his widow or children, but of some person or
persons who have already grown fat by turning
into commodity the necessities of mankind. The
principle is wrong. It is the most wasteful and
oppressive of modes for removing the poveity of
the inventor. To give his widow a pittance we
put mankind into circumscription, and levy mil-
iionsfrom their necessities. Rather letus double
the pittance and set free the business of mankind.'
The extension of the patent in this case will
probably give to the widow of the inventor about
three hundred dollars. Now, sir, if this inven-
tion is m<fritorious,andaproperremunerauonfor
it has never been received by the inventor, but
his widow and children are in poverty, let us vote
the widow jjl,000 and liberate from restriction
the ship-building of this country. I think it
much better that we should do this than grant an
extension of the patent, from which the widow
would derive $300, while the profits of the exten-
sion levied off the people of the country, to a large
amount perhaps, will go into the hands of some,
it may be, mercenary assignee, in no case would
1 grant an extension of a patent after the expira-
tion of the term of fourteen years. Yet to the
benefactor of the race, or his family, destitute,
notwithstanding the blessings his devotion and
genius had dispensed, I would manifest, by a fit-
ting testimonial from the Treasury, the gratitude
of the people.
Mr. JENCICES. Mr. Speaker, 1 wish to say
a few words in reply to the position taken by the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Wadsworth.]
He has, as I understand, stated distinctly in his
last remarks that, under no circumstances would
he agree that a patent should be extended after
the expiration of the original term of fourteen
years. Yet he admits that th<;re may be made
an invention for the value of which to the com-
munity the inventor cannot be remunerated by
the use of that invention for fifty yt^rs.
Now, sir, let me submit a case, for which I ask
the consideration of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, and all who arc to act upon this question,
and who may be called upon to act on the pro-
posed amendment to the patent laws. Suppose
that a valuable invention is patented; that at the
expiration of the original term of fourteen years
the inventor makes application for a renewal of
the patent, under the laws that existed prior to
186Y; that he makes out a perfectly just case for
extension, showing thnt he has failed to receive
proper remuneration for his invention. There
are cases in which the inventor is obliged to part
with his interest in the invention during the ori-
ginal term for a very small consideration. There
may be, and there are, as we know, cases in which
the inventor is unabb to introduce an_ invention
during the original term, and even during the ex-
tended term. There may be cases in which the
inventor has been defrauded out of his patent for
the original term. Yet he may be unable to make
out at the Patent Office a case entitling him to ail
extension, under the law of 1836.
Gentlemen will remember that under that law
the application for an extension must be made
during the original term. Frequently applications
have been made very near the expiration of the
'original term| There was, too, a very eiringent
provision in reference to the time vfithin which
the decision oftheCommissionerahould be made.
The case here presented is this: a perfect case
was made before the Commissioner <Jf Patents,
the onlyofficer under this Governmenthaving the
right to grant an extension of patents. He over-
looked a portion of the evidence actually on file. •
He has since certified that if he had had knowl-
edge of the existence of that evidence his decis-
ion would have been different. The fact that he
overlooked it is presumptive evidence that h*3
action worked injustice. 'In the present state of
the law there is no power, no officer under the
Government, who can correct a mistake of that
kind. It comes here just as a motion for a new
trial would come before acourt. We are the court
of correction for this kind of errors. We ought
to have another and a different kind, I agree, but
we are that court as the law stands.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, 1 desire to puta'
case to the gentleman from Rhode Island to as-
certain the precise position which the Commis-
sioner of Patents takes on this point. Suppose a
man parts with his property in a patent voluntarily
for a consideration less than it has proved to be
worth, either because he (lid nothimselfcompre-
hend its true value, or from necessity he was
compelled to part with itfora small sum,And that
his assignees, deriving title from his voluntary
act, have made immense fortunes out of it, I ask
whether he stands in any other position than any
other man who parts with his property for a less
sum than that property is worth. I ask whether
the Commissioner on Patents proposes to extend
to the original patenteethefurtheruseand monop-
oly of his patent upon the ground that the paten-
tee himself has been unable to realize a enumer-
ation sufficient to him compared with the vast
benefits to the Government, while the assignees,
by his voluntary act, have reaped a rich harvest.
Mr. CHANLER. I must renew the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. JENCKES. I wish to say that the ques-
tion of thegentleman from Massachusetts is based
on a misapprehension of the law under which a
patent can be extended.
Mr. CHANLER. I renew the demand for the
previous question.
• Mr. MORRILL moved that the bill be laid on
the table.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 58,
noes 38
Mr. BRANDEGEE demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the bill was laid on the (able.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was laid on the
table; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COR11ECTION.
Mr. HIGBY. I ask unanimous consent of the
House to introduce a resolution to correct an error
in the report of a committee of conference.
There was no objection.
Mr. HIGBY. The object of the resolution ia
to dispose of the first amendment made to the bill
in reference to the United States courts in Ne-
vada. The conference committee were unanimous
in retaining that amendment, and intended that it
should be a part of their report, but it was unin-
tentionally omitted in the written report. The
adoption of this resolution will supply that omis-
sion.
Mr. IvERNAN. The amendment is merely
one of phraseology, and I hope that the resolu-
tion will be adopted, as a mistake was made.
The resolution was adopted.
AGRICUMUKAL REPOJIT.
Mr. A. W. CLARK. I am directed by the
Committee,on Piinting to report the following
resolution; and on its adoption I demand the pre-
vious question:
Rcsoh-al, That there he printed one hundred and twenty
thousand copies of the report of the Oommii-sioncr of Agri-
culture for 1864 for the u*o of the limine, and twenty thou-
sand copies for the use ot the Coinnn^ionei of Ajrrieulrure ;
twenty thousand ofthem to be printed on fifty-pound paper,
anil the enslaving* to he inter5pei cil through the volume
in their propel places.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope that the gentleman
will yield to me to move to reduce the number for
the Commissioner of Agriculture to fifteen thou-
sand.
