IIU
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
Mr. A. W. CLARK. I cannot yield for that
purpose.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 43,
noes 17; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and appointed
Messrs. A. W. Clark and Holman.
Mr. A. W. CLARK. I withdraw the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. HOLMAN, I move to reduce the num-
ber for the Commissioner of Agriculture to fifteen
thousand, and to add five thousand to the other
number.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. I am sat-
isfied that the Commissioner, in the proper con-
duct ofhis Department, will need all that we have
reported to«give him, and I therefore hope that
the amendment will not be agreed to. If there
were a proposition to abolish the Department of
Agriculture that would present another question,
and what is said against voting copies of the re-
port for the use of the Department might be per-
tinent in the speeches of those gentlemen who
might favor that proposition; but we have now
before us merely the question of carrying on the
Department in a proper manner; and I insist that
we ought to do what the case requires, what our
self-respect requires, and what the interest of the
Department requires.
Mr. A. W. CLARK. I renew my demand
for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the amendment was adopted,
and the resolution, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. A. W. CLARK moved that the vote by
which the resolution was passed be reconsidered;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EULOGIES ON SENATOR HICKS.
Mr. A. W. CLARK, from the Committee on
Printing, reported tile following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, Tliat five thousand copies of tin? culogips 011
Senator Hicks, delivered in the Hennte and House of
Kepresent.uives,t>e printed lor tlie use of tile members of
this House.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has ex-
pired, and the business next m order is the en-
rollmentbill, which comes upas unfinished busi-
ness from yesterday.
BOGWDAKi' (JF NEVADA.
Mr. WORTHINGTON, by unanimous con-
sent, presented the joint resolution of the Legis-
lature of the State of Nevada in reference to the
easterrf boundary of said Stale; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Territories, and or-
dered to be printed.
CLAIMS or MISSOURI.
Mr. BLOW. I ask unanimous consent to make
a report fi om the Committee of Ways and Means.
JVJ r. SCHENCIC. 1 f it is to consume any time
or evoke discussion I must object, and insist upon
the regular order.
Mr. HLOW. I wish to report back Senate bill
No. 359, to reimburse the State of Missouri for
moneys expended for the United States. 1 wish
it priiHe<i and made a special order for next
Tuesday.
Mr. SCHENCK. That subject is before the
Committee on Military Affairsi, who have some
considerable information in regard to it, and 1
suppose the committee are about ready to report.
Mr. STEVENS. We only ask that we may
report this bill arid refer it to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. SCIIEJNTCK. i do not understand how
the subject got before that committee. It seems
to me it is one of these side blows against the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BLOW. It is a Senate bill unanimously
reported from the Military Committee of the Sen-
ate, and passed by the Senate unanimously. It
came to this House, and was referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. All I ask is that it
may be reported, made the special order for next
Tuesday, and ordered to oe printed.
Mr. SCHENCIC. How much money does it
appropriati ? ,
Mr. BLOW. Pour million dollars.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to its being made a
special order.
No further objection being made, the bill was
reported, and referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
AKMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, and by unani-
mous consent, the Army appropriation bill, with
Senate amendments thereto, was taken from the
Speaker's table, and referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
ENLISTMENT OP REBEL PRISONERS.
Mr. PIKE, by unanimous consent, introduced
the following resolution:
Resohed, That the Secretary of War be directed to in-
form this House whether rebel prisoners at Rock Island,
Illinois, have been enlisted into our service, and credited
to one or more States; and if so, how many have been so
enhsted and credited, and when, and to what States; and
also whether any of said persons so credited are still under
guard at Rock Island.
Mr. WILSON. I suggest to the gentleman
that he modify his resolution, and make the in-
quiry general.
Mr. PIKE. I will do so. The Clerk can
make the necessary modification.
Mr. GANSON. I suggest also that he include
an inquiry whether bounties have been paid.
Mr. PIKE. I have no objection to that. I
understand bounties have been paid, and that the
prisoners so credited are still under guard. I
modify my amendment so as to include that in-
quiry.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
EIGHTS OF COLORED PERSONS.
Mr. SCHENCK. As I have given way to so
many persons to introduce resolutions, I will
now give way to myself, [laughter,] and ask unan-
imous consent to introduce the following resolu-
tion:
Revived, That the Secretary of War be directed to in-
fomi this Hou-^e whether any military order or regulation
has been ir-sued prohibiting negroes or colored persons
fiorn leaving the city of Washington or the District of Co-
lumbia without a pa-«; and if *.«, whether «uch order or
regulation is still in force \ and that lie furnish in that case
a copy or copies of any such order or regulation, with an
explanation of the icdbon for making such distinction on
account of color.
Mr. ROSS. I object.
Mr. WILSON. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose of considering the resolution at
this time.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes 85, noes 9.
So, two-thirds voting in favor thereof—the
rules were suspended.
Mr. SCHENCK moved the previous question
on the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the resolution was adopted.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Cobb, one
of its clerks, announced that the Senate insisted
on its amendments disagreed to by the House,
disagreed to tneamendments of the House to other
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No.
676) making appropriations for the naval service
for the year ending June 30, 1866, agreed to the
conference asked by the House on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses thereon, and had
appointed Messrs. Sherman; Grimes,and Hen-
dricks the committee on the part of the Senate/
ENROLLMENT BILL. /
Mr. PRUYN. I ask permission of the House
for the Committee of Ways and Means to present
a matter which will take but a moment, at the
special request of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury.
Mr. SCHENCK. And I am pressing the en-
rollment bill at the special request of the Secre-
tary of War. [L'-mghfer.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
gentleman from Ohio as declining to yield
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of the bill (H. R. No. 678) to amend the act en-
titled " An act further to regulate and provide for
the enrolling and calling outof the national forces,
and for other purposes," approved July 4,1864,
and the other acts relating to enrollment and
draft; the question being on the amendment offered
by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Ker-
nan,] to strike out the sixth section, as follows:
Sec. 6. rfnd be it further enacted, That the sixteenth
section of the "Act for enrolling and calling out the na-
tional forces, and for other purposes," approved March 3,
1863, is hereby &o amended as to allow to the provost mar-
shals appointed under the provisions of that act the same
commutation for fuel and quarters as is allowed to other
officers ranking as captains of cavalry; but the prpvest
marshal, surgeon, and corrimissioner, constituting the en-
rolling board, shall not, m any case, be allowed mileage,
but only transportation in kind, or the actual cost of their
Raveling on duty from their lespective places of residence
to the district headquarters and returning therefrom^ or to
andfiom such other points as they maybe bylawiequired
to attend at officially within the limlt of the district. There
shall also be paid by the order of the Secretary of War, on
proper vouchers, all actual, necessary, and reasonable ex-
penses of office rent, postage, stationery, and clerk-hire.
Mr. KERNAN. I desire the House to observe
the character of that section, it is simply to in-
crease the pay of provost marshals of districts.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from New York that debate is ex-
hausted on the proposition.
The question being on the amendment, the
Speaker ordered tellers; and appointed Messrs.
Schenck and Kernan.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 45, noes 57.
Mr. KIJRNAN. I call for the yeas and nays.
If we are goi ng to increase the pay of these offi-
cers, I want to know wJio is in favor of it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 51, nays 78, not voting 53; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Ames, Ancona, Baily,
John D. Baldwin, Blair, Bliss, Boutwell, Brandegee,
Brooks, Chanler, Ambrose W. Clark, Clay, Dawson,Eden,
Edgerton, Eldudge. Flnek, Ganson, Hardin?, Hernck,
John H. Hubbard, Hulchms, Philip Johnson, Kalbtieisch,
Oilando Kellogg, Kcrnan, Knapp, Law,' Long, Mallory,
McKinney, Morrison, Nelson, Noble, John O'Neill, Perry,
Pike, Price, Piuyn, Had ford,Scofield, Scott, John B. Steele,
Thomas, Townsend, Wadsworth, Joseph VV. White, Wil-
son, Wmfield,and Fernando Wood—51.
NAYS — Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Arnold, Baxter,
Blame, Blow, Boyd, Broomall, Cobb, CofFioth, Cole, Cra-
vens, Denison, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs, Dumont, Eliot,
Farnsworth, Frank, Garfield, Gooch, Gnder, Gnswold,
Hale, Holman, Hooper, Hotchkiss, flulburd", Ingersoll,
Jenckes, Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, Kin?, Knox, Little-
john, Loan, Longjear, Marcy, Marvin, McAllister, Me-
Clurg, Samuel F. Miller, William II. Miller, Moorhead,
Daniel Morris, James R. Morris*, Amos Mvers, Leonard
Myers, Norton, Odell, Charles O'Neill, Orth, Perham,
Pomeroy, William II. Randall, Alexander H. Rice, John H.
Kice,Edvvaid H. llollms, Ross, Schenck, Shannon,Smith,
Simthers, Stevens, Stiles, Strouse, Sweat, Thayer, Up-
son, Van Valkenburgh, William B. Washburn, Webste.r,
Wheeler, Williams, Wilder, and Worthington—78.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. William J. Alien, Alley, Ash-
ley, Augustus U. Baldwin, Beaman, James S. Brown,
William G. Brown, Freeman Clarke, Cox, Creswell, Henry
Winter Davis, Thomas T. Davis, Dawes, Deming, Eckley,
English, Grinnell, Hall, Harrington, Benjamin G. Harris,
Charles M. Hani«, Iligby, Asaliel W. Hubbard, William
Johnson, Julian, Kasson. Lazear, LeBlond, McBride, Mc-
Dowell, Mclndoe, Middletoii, Morrill, Patterson, Pendle-
ton, Samuel J. Randall, Robinson, Rogers, James S. Rol-
lins, Sloan, Spalding, Stair, William G. Steele, Stuart,
Tracy, Voorhees, Ward, Eiihu B. Washburne, Whaley,
Chilton A. White, Windom, Benjamin Wood, Woodbndge,
and Yeaman—53.
So the House refused to strike out the sixth
section of the bill.
Mr. COBB. I move to amend the section by
adding* to it the following:
Provided, That surgeon" of the boards of enrollment shall
l?e entitled to the pay and allowances, including commuta-
tions for quarters and fuel, now allowed by law to assistant
' surgeon* in the Army; and that the commissioners of such
boards shall be entitled to the pay, allowances, and com-
mutations allowed to first lieutenants of cavalry.
I desire to say, Mr. Speaker—
The SPEAKER. The amendment is not de-
batable. Debate is closed on the section and on
all amendments thereto.
The amendment was agreed to.
The House proceeded to the consideration of
the seventh section, as follows:
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted, That there shall be ap-
pointed by the President an a>si>tant provost maishal gen-
eral for each State, wiio shall have the rank, pay, and emol-
uments of a lieutenant colonel of cavalry, or an officer in
service may be detailed for that position whose rank is not
less than major or above a colonel. Such assistant pro-
vost marshal generals shall be under the direction and sub-
ject to the orders of the Provost Marshal General, and shall
be charged with the duties intermediate between the Pro-
vost Maishal General and the district provost marshals:
Provided, however, That when a State compiles but one
congressional district thcie shall be no assistant provosi
marshal general tor such State, but the duties shall be per-
formed by the provost marshal ot the di&tnct.
Mr. KEKNAN. I raou to aiatnd by insert
