1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1115
ing the following as a new section, to come in be-
tween sections seven and eight:
be it further enacted. That whpn hereafter calls shall
bo made f&rmen lorthemilitary serviceofthe United States,
tin; quotas of the several States t-hsill be, aa neatly as pos-
uilile, in proportion to the population, excluding Indians,
of Urn Suites respectively.
As (.he law? now stands, Mr. Speaker, quotas
are determined by the number of men between
the ages of twenty and forty-five able to bear
arms. I believe that it is just that the quotas
should be assigned to the States in proportion to
their population. Population gives representa-
tion in the Federal Government. The war is
waged for the defense of this Government, and I
think that it is just that the men required for mili-
tary service should be in the same proportion. If
gentlemen will look at the population of the States
and ascertain the quotas assigned to each under
the calls for men which have been made by the
President, they will see a result that is palpably
unjust. Some of the new States, where the pop-
ulation is largely of young laboring men, furnish
two and three times as many men in proportion
to their population as some of the old States do.
1 wished to state to the House exactly the quota
assigned to each State under the calls which have
heretofore been made; and with a view of being
able to do so, I this morning went to the War
Department, and requested to be furnished the
aggregate quota of each State under each of these
calls. The information was refused. I was told
that one or both Houses of Congress had called
for that information, and that it had been refused.
I stated that I desired the information with a view
to legislation pending; nevertheless, it was re-
fused.. It seems, therefore, we must act with-
out it.
I therefore' can only call to the minds of gen-
tlemen what thoy can remember of the quotas, and
cannot state them with accuracy. Take Massa-
chusetts, with a population of 1,231,000, and the
State of Iowa, with a population of 674,000, and
,100k at their respective quotas, and say whether
"those quotas are just or not. Should these burdens
be thus apportioned ? New York has a popula-
tion of 3,800,000, about three times the population
of Massachusetts, yet in the assignment of the
last call for troops the quota of INow York was
some sixty-six thousand, while gentlemen will
remember how small was the quota of Massachu-
setts. It was nothing like in proportion to its
population. This is unjust, and the law which
produces such results should be changed. The
fair way is to assign the quota to each State ac-
cording to its population.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. Suppose
that ill any one,State there are twice as many
women as men, and in another State twice as
many men as women; and that this disproportion
has been caused by the emigiation of men from
the former Slate to the latter; would the gentle-
man still insist thatthe quota to each State should
be in proportion to the population?
Mr. KERNAN. This raising of men has be-
come a mere matter of taxation, a mere matter of
raising money, and if a State is wealthy from its
manufactures, from the employment of women
and children m its factories, it should be taxed to
raise men in proportion to its population and
wealth; the burden of furnishing men should not
be cast mainly upon new States, where every man
almost has a family dependent upon his labor for
support, and where they cannot raise money to
purchase substitutes, as in the old and wealthy
Slates. The Slates have representation and in-
fluence in the affairs of Government according to
their population; I believe it is but right that they
should bear the burdens which are imposed upon
the country in defense of the Government in pro-
portion to their representation. Their represent-
ation in the Army should be in proportion
to their representation in Congress and other
branches of the Government, particularly when
it is only a question of raising money to give
bounties to volunteers.
' 1 regret that I am not able to lay before the
House the exact quotas of the several States un-
der each call, that gentlemen might, see them. I
have a recollection, from reading the statement in
the newspapers, that they seemed to me to be very
unequal and unjust. But it seems the majoriiy
will not insist that we si)ail have such inlorma-
tion when called for lay lesolution of the House,
and when a member goes to the Department and
asks for it he is told that it will not be furnished
to him, although he states that he wants to use it
in the House in relation to a bill then under con-
sideration. That was the reply I received at the
Department this morning when I applied for this
information.
Mr. GANSON. Why will not the gentleman
join with me and others to bring up the bill and
pass it, to bring the heads of Departments upon
the floor, so that we can compel them to give us
the information we want?
Mr. KERNAN. I very much desire that in
the mode suggested or by some other means we
"may be able to get information from" the Depart-
ments 6n subjects upon which we are required to
legislate; we are not able,it seems, to do so now.
No evil can come from the people or their Rep-
resentatives having accurate information as to the
system now in force.. But gentlemen will remem-
ber the quotas of the States sufficiently to enable
them to judge of the in justice of the law in force,
and the propriety of tlie proposed change in the
law. 1 submit that it is just and right under our
Government that the quotas of the several States
should be in proportion to their population.
Again, the present system gives opportunities
for fraud and favoritism. The enrollment is made
in each district by the enrolling officers. If for
any reason they wish to make the quota of a
district small they can greatly diminish the num-
ber of men enrolled, and the quota will, be dimin-
ished. In another district, where they desire to
make it high, they can make it so. It seems to
have been so, because in New York, in one con-
gressional distiict, we have seen the quota run-
ning un as high as four thousand, while in an-
other district it has been as low as eleven or
twelve hundred; and I believe thatthis arose from
the fact that there was an effort to increase the en-
rollment list in one district and to diminish it in
another. Base the quotas on population,and we
can have tliem fairly assigned. Do not base them
on enrollments made up by officers having often-
times a desire in one case to make tile quota larger
than it ought to be, and in another to make it
smaller.
It seems to me, therefore,fiist, that this propo-
sition is just as between the States; and secondly
that it will prevent favoritism, fraud, or any un-
fairness whatever in getting at the quota which
each portion of the country shall contribute to the
Army.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCIC. The amendment proposed
by the gentleman from New York is radical in
its nature. It presents an entirely new basis for
representation in the military service of the coun-
try. Instead of taking our soldiers from among
the able-bodied men within certain ages, liable
to military duty, in proportion to their number,
the gentleman proposes that they shall be taken
in a proportion having reference to the whole
population of the district. Tliis being an alto-
gether novel proposition, contemplating a serious
innovation, it is entitled to respectful considera-
tion. Now, sir, the nation is in many respects
like a family. If a house be attacked,although
the women and children might perhaps do some
litlle in the way of defense, yet I believe it is gen-
erally conceded that the defense of that house-
hold ought to fall upon the able-bodied men of
the family. I think it is much the same with
regard to the nation when attacked in its integ-
rity, that those who muster to its defense ought
to be expected to be drawn from the able-bodied
male population. And surely, if the gentleman's
amendment should prevail, he cannot object to
my proposing, as I shall certainly do, an amend-
ment that hereafter all able-bodied women be-
tween the ages of sixteen and forty shall be sub-
ject to enrollment and draft.
It occurs to me that the gentleman cannot well
have considered his proposition. 1 know that if
such a proposition should become the law of the
land, we in the w_estern States, where the males
hold a greater proportion to the entire population
than in the eastern States and in New England,
would profit by such a change in the law. But,
as a Representative of a western and interior
State, I ain not to be bribed to favor such aprop-
' osition because it would benefit us and opeiate
I a-'ainst the eastern States. I oppose the amena-
1 mint because, although it might help us, it is in
conflict with the general principle which, I think,
lies at the root of this whole matter, and which,
ought to be considered, that the able-bodied thale
population shall be the defenders of the families
separately considered, and in like manner, carry-
ing out the parallel, shall be liable to be called
upon as the defenders of the nation, which is the
gieat family.
In regard to obtaining information, I have noth-
ing to say in reply to the gentleman. There are
many matters in regard to which I wish we had
fuller information. But it is easy to ascertain by
the census the number of the population, the pro-
portion of the sexes, and the proportion of the
different ages; so that there is i)o serious diffi-
culty in that respect.
Mr. KERNAN. I move, pro forma, to enable
me to say a few words, to amend the amendment
by striking out the last word.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I offered this amendment
seriously; and I do not feel at all intimidated from
supporting it by the fear that my gallant friend
[Mr. Schenck] will attempt to enroll the ladies
if it be adopted; although I may say to him that
we might as well, so far as obtaining soldiers
is concerned, enroll the women as a good many
very " loyal" men, who, when drafted, only send
substitutes. It is, in this respect, a question of
money.
What I maiittain (and I think that every re-
flecting man must concur with me) is, that among
the States of this Union there should be an as-
signment of quotas according to the principle
which controls in representation. Each should
be required to furnish men for the Army in pro-
portion to its population. This is just in prin-
ciple, and will conduce to fairness in practice.
We will then have a fair basis easily ascertained,
and not one liable to be made under the influence
of partisan feeling or interested motives.
My friend from Illinois tells me that under the
call for 500,000 men Illinois, with a population of
1,711,951, was called upon for 52,000, while Mas-
sachusetts, with a population of 1,231,000, had a
quota of only about 21,000. The population of
Illinois is not one third more than Massachusetts,
but her quota of men to be furnished for the war
is a great deal more than double. Massachusetts,
with all of her wealth, although she is prosper-
ing during the war, when other States are impov-
erished by it, is not required, under the present
system, to furnish men for the Army in propor-
tion to her wealth or population. Under the
last call for 300,000 she was required to furnish
but a small quota, while that of Illinois was 32,000.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. I beg the
gentleman's pardon. He is wrong.
Mr. KERNAN. Then state what your quota
under the last call for 300,000 was. I have tried
in vain to get the authentic information.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. Under
what call?
Mr. KERNAN. The last one for 300,000.
Have you ever had aquota of over about 20,000?
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. I cannot
state exactly the number under the last call. Our
quotas under the calls for 300,000 men have va-
ried. Under a call for 300,000, in 1862, our quota,
as first published, was over 20,000, and alter a
correction it was 19,080, and this number of men
was raised by volunteer enlistments.
Mr. KERNAN. When ? Was it under the
call for 300,000? What was the quota assigned to
Massachusetts under the last call? The papers
state it to be less than 17,000. I have nut been
able to obtain the information from the War De-
partment. I want to know what it is. 1 will
take the figures of my friend from Illinois. Un-
der the last call her quota was 32,001), and that of
Massachusetts less than 17,OUO. Illinois, with
a "population not one third more than Massachu-
setts, under the call for 500,000 was assigned a
quota of 52,000 men, while Massachusetts was
assigned but about 20,000. It has atti acted the
attention of the whole country. States of great
wealth, States having large representation, when
the quotas come to be assigned, do not have any-
thing like the quotas of the western and middle
States of the same population. '
Mr. ELIOT. Will the gentleman be good
enough to repeat what he said was the quota of
Illinois?
Mr. KERNAN. My friend from Illinois states
it to have been 52,000 under the call for 500,000.
