1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
WAGON ROAD.
Mr. WALLACE, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to construct a wagon road from
Lewiston, in the Territory of Idaho, to Virginia
City, in the Territory of Montana; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
LAND GRANT TO MICHIGAN.
Mr. UPSON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to amend an act entitled "An act to
amend the act making a grant of alternate sections
of public lands to the State of Michigan, to aid in
tho construction of certain railroads in said State,
and for other purposes;" which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
PROSECUTIONS TOR LIBEL,
Mr. WILSON, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on the Judiciary, reported back
House bill No. 692, in reference to prosecutions
for libel in the District of Columbia, with a sub-
stitute.
The substitute was read, as foltows:
That in all piosecutions or indictments for libel insti-
tuted, or which may hereafter be instituted, in the District
of Columbia, the truth thereof may be given in evidence
under the geneial issue as a justification of the alleged
libel; and if it appear that the matter charged as libelous was
tun1, and was wutten or published with good motives and
for justifiable end.*, the defendant shall be acquitted.
The substitute was adopted. The bill, as
amended, was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
'The latter motion was agreed to.
WESTERN DISTRICT COURT OF MISSOURI.
Mr. KING, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee on the Judiciary, reported back House
bill No. 631, to provide for holding courts in .the
western district of Missouri, and prescribing the
times thereof, with an amendment.
The amendment was read, as follows:
That hereafter the judges of the eastern and western dis-
trietsof the United States.courts forthedistrictof Missouri,
hi).ill c.ieh leccivo as a salary the sum of $3,000, to be paid
in the niannct now provided by jaw.
Mr. HOLMAN. The title did notindicate the
purpose of tho bill and amendment. It simply
provided for the holding of the courts, otherwise
I should have objected to its introduction. I ob-
ject to the reporting of an amendment to a bill
changing materially Us character.
The SPEAKER. The objection comes too
late.
Mr. PIOLMAN. The title docs not express
the character of the bill.
Mr. KING. Mr. Speaker, if the House agree
to the amendment of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary it is competent to amend the title of the bill.
I admit that the title does not exactly correspond
to the bill as amended.
I will reniaik that the present salaries of these
judges is §5,500. I know that there is great ob-
jection to increasing salaries, but I also know that
they have been increased during this session in
one or two instances under precisely the same
circumstances. There are two places of holding
the distt ict court of the United States in Missouii
at this time. This bill proposes to provide a third
place, St. Louis. The judge that held that court,
if he .should, as he has done heretofore, reside at
Jefferson City, will be two hundred miles from St.
Louis; and if he undet takes to get there by rail-
road communication he will be three hundred
miles.
Thebusiness in the western districtof Missouri
I am sure will increase very much, as it has in-
creased in the eastern district. The present sal-
ary is wholly inadequate, and therefore I ask tho
adoption of the amendment proposed by the Ju-
diciary Committee.
Mr. PIOLMAN. It will be remembered that
there are two judicial districts in Missouri, and
that this provides for the salary of the two judges,
$3,000 each, §2,500 being the present salary. I
trust the House will not increase this salary to
the extent proposed. The State which I have the
honor in part to represent constitutes one judicial
district, and has as much business as the two dis-
tricts of Missouri combined; and the salary of the
judge is $3,000 per annum.
It seems to me that this precedent should not
be established now, and therefore I move that the
amendment—if that will not carry the biil with
it—be laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. That would carry the bill
with it.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I move that the hill be
recommitted to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. KING. I would like to say one word in
reply, I do not know how the gentleman arrives
at the information that the State of Indiana has
as much judicial business as the two districts of
Missouri. I am sure I have not that informa-
tion, and I do not know how he gets it; but I do
know that the business of the eastern district of
Missouri, at St. Louis, has increased fourfold of
late, and the prospects are that it will continue to
increase. The present rate of high living, the
amount of tax which is taken off of salaries,the
depreciation of the currency, and the appreciation
of everything else, really puts the present salary
below that which a lawyer, qualified for the high
position of judge, is entitled to receive.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I did not
hear the amendment read, but I understand that
it is a proposition to increase the salaries of the
judges of the two districts of Missouii $500 each,
i am opposed to that proposition,as 1 am to all
propositions for increasing salaries. 1 am op-
posed to it upon the ground,first, that the Treas-
ury is in no condition to pay increased salaries;
and secondly, that if we are to make any increase
of salaries, the increase should be general. I will
state that the judge of the southern district of
Illinois—a district which has a great deal of busi-
ness, and which has increased largely since the
breaking out of this rebellion—has only a salary
of $2,500; and if there be any justice in increas-
ing the salary of these two judges of Missouri,
tho salary o( the judge of the southern district
of Illinois should also be increased. But I object
to that, too.
Mr. PIOLMAN. My information that the
judicial business of the State of Indiana is equal
to that of the two judicial districts of Missouri is
based upon the population of the two States and
the extent of their maritime jurisdiction. I admit
that in the eastern district of Missouri, owing to
the position of a large city there, the business is
larger than in any one locality in my own State;
but I know that the business of the whole State
is equal to that of the two districts of Missouri.
But inasmuch as the bill is unobjectionable, ex-
cept so far as the amendment is concerned, I will
withdraw my motion to recommit; and with a
view of allowing the House to take a vote upon
the amendment i demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put; and under
the operation thereof the amendment was not
agreed to. The bill was then ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and beingengrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. KING moved that the vote by which the
bill was passed be reconsidered; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
THANKS OF CONGRESS TO ADMIRAL PORTER.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, by unanimous
consent, reported back from the Committee ort
Naval Affairs, with a recommendation that it do
pass, a joint resolution (S. R. No. 99) tendering
the thanks of Congress to Rear Admiral David
D. Porter, and to the officers, petty officers, sea-
men, and marines under his command, for their
gallantry and good conduct in the recent capture
of Fort Fisher.
The resolution was ordered to be read a third
time; and it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the joint resolution was
passed; and also moved to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADVANCE OF NAVAL RANK.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to take from the
Speaker's table biil of the House No. 607, to pro-
vide for an advance of rank to officers of the
Navy and Marine corps for distinguished merit,
which has been returned from the Senate with
an amendment.
No objection being made, the bill was taken up,
and the amendment of the Senate was concurred
in, as follows:
In section one, line five, strike out the word " fifty" and
insert" thirtyso that the clause will read:
That any officerofthe Navy or Marine corps, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, may be advanced aot
exceeding thirty numbers in rank, 8cc.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the amendment of the
Senate was concurred in; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TRADE WITH THE REBEL STATES.
Mr. DRIGGS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following preamble and
resolution:
Whereas it is reported that one G. N. Lane, of Balti-
more, received a permitinDecemberlastfrom H. A.Kisley,
chief agent of the Treasury, to proceed to North Carolina
and exchange provisions with tiie rebels for cotton: There-
fore,
Resolved, Thatthp committee on the conduct of the war
be instructed to inquire into the facts, and to report to this
House whether there is any authority vested in the Treas-
ury Department to give the right to any one to furnish the
rebels with supplies from our lines ; and if not, to report
such a bill or resolution as may be necessary to bring the
guilty to justice and to piotcct the interests of the Govern-
ment in tbe future, or to take sm'h other action as may bo
deemed proper to secure the object in view.
Mr. STEVENS. I suggest to the gentleman
that he modify his resolution by inserting the
word " alleged" before " facts."
Mr. DRIGGS. I will accept that modifica-
tion.
Mr. DAWES. I would suggest to the gentle-
man from Michigan that the committee on the
conduct of the war is already so overwhelmed
with business that he had better refer this sub-
ject to some other committee. I do not know
what standing committee would be the proper
one, but I am in favor of the investigation.
Mr. DRIGGS. It is suggested to me that the
matter be referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and 1 will so modify my resolution as to
refer it to that committee.
Mr. DAWES. It occurs to me that the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary would be a better com-
mittee, but I do not wish to interfere with the
gentleman from Michigan.
Mr. DRIGGS. I modify my resolution so as
to refer the matter to the Committee on Com-
merce, instead of to the committee on the con-
duct of the war,
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I suggest to the gen-
tleman from Michigan and to the House that the
Committee on Military Affairs are now investi-
gating this whole subject of trade with insurrec-
tionary districts.
Mr. DRIGGS. I think the Committee on Com-
merce is the proper committee to examine into
this subject.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There is no
use in referring this subject to the Committee on
Commerce or any other committee, unless you
arm the committee with some authority to ex-
amine the matter. I suggest to the gentleman
that he add to his resolution the words,tl with
power to send for persons and papers."
Mr. DRIGGS. I accept that modification.
The resolution exs modified was then agreed to.
Mr. DRIGGS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsiderou the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FRANKLIN INSURANCE COMPANY.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to take from
the Speaker's table, for the purpose of putting it
upon its passage at this time, bill of the Senate
No. 384, to amend an act entitled" An act to
amend and extend the charter of the Franklin
Insurance Company," approved March 2, 1838.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
up and read a first and second time. It proposes
to extend and continue in force the amendatory
act rccited for twenty years from the 9th day of
April, 1858, the time at which such amendatory
act expired, and legalize the acts of the company
between the period when said act expired and
< the date of this act.
