1116
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
Mr. ELIOT. What does he state to be the
quota of Massachusetts?
Mr. KERNAN. We cannot find out. We
cannot learn from the War Department. We un-
derstand that it was not above 20,000.
Mr. ELIOT. Does the gentleman want to
know what it is ?
Mr. KERNAN. I do.
Mr. ELIOT. Under the call of July 18, 1864,
it was 21,670.
Mr. KERNAN. That is what I want to get.
Illinois had a quota of 52,000 assigned to her,
more than double that of Massachusetts, when
there is very little difference in the number of the
population.
Mr.-ELIOT. Alargeproportion of the popu-
lation of Massachusetts is composed of women.
Mr. KERNAN. Itis a population that claims
and has representation; a population which is
making money during the war. The present is
a system to raise money with which to send men
into the field. It is for raising money in the rich
Slates, and compelling the poor States to send
their men.
Mr. ELIOT. Will the gentleman say how
many of the 52,000 men from Illinois were young
men who came from Massachusetts?
Mr. KERNAN. I said that the reason why
the new States had so large a quota was, that the
quota was assigned according to the young men
between twenty and forty-five. I say that it
should be according to population. There are
young men enough in each of the States to fill its
quota based upon its population, and each Slate
should contribute them.
! have proposed this amendment in good faith.
I believe it is the just mode of requiring men to
be furnished by the States, and that it is the way
to prevent frauds and favoritism, and will be
unjust to no State or its population.
Mr. GARFIELD. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment, and I wish to submit a statement to illus-
trate the impolicy and injustice of the proposition
the gentleman has laid before the House. The
amendment propose** entirely to change the basis
upon which our Army is to be raised, by letting
it rest upon the whole population, including men,
women, and children of all ages, without regard to
tivir ability to bear arms. To illustrate that 1
will read three items from the population report
of the census of 1860. In all the eastern States it
will be observed that the ratio between the nurrt-
ber of males and females preponderates on the
side of females; while, as you go westward, the
males arc in excess. The census shows that Mas-
sachusetts, in I860, had a population of 1,221,464,
of whom 629,220 were females, showing an ex-
cess of 36,970 females. In California, in the same
year, there was a population of 323,177, of which
227,774 wre males and only 96,40G females. But
i find a still stronger case in the State of Nevada,
which was a Territory in 1860. In her popula-
tion of 6,857, there were 6,137 males and only
720 females; that is, there were nearly ten men to
one woman. The proposed basis would make it
vastly more difficult for Massachusetts to fill her
quota than for California or Nevada. Every man
can see at a glance that it would weigh very heavily
upon thobe States having an excess of females,
and render it comparatively easy for the new and
growing States, to which the atms-beaiing pop-
ulation of the eastern States have emigrated, to
furnish their quotas.
Mr. GANSON. If that statement correct
why is there the same relative increase of voters
in Massarhuvtrs as in other States?
Mr. GARFi ELD. I take it that old men vote
as well as young men. But I doubt the correct-
ness of the statement of the gentleman as a mat-
ter of fact.
Mr. STEVENS. I would like to have the
gentleman explain one fact. Under the call for
£00,000 men my district was assigned 2,270, and
it furnished them all. Under the call of 300,000
men the quota of the same district was 3,209. I
would like to have the gentleman explain that.
Mr. GARFIELD. 1 may say that I am not
responsible for The mathematics of the Provost
Marshal G'eneraPs department, nor is the ques-
tion pertinent to the point now m discussion.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 did notkaow but the gen-
tleman could explain it.
Mr. GARFIELD. 1 have only to say that
this proportion totally changes the basis of our
Army by taking the entire population, and it
would be a gross injustice and a hardship upon
the States from which the arms-bearing popula-
tion has emigrated.
Mr. SCHENCK. Perhaps some explanation
of the difficulty in the district of my friend from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] may be found in
the fact of the calculations made as to thrfee-years
and one-year men. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania in his count makes a three-years man
and a one-year man count the same; but the rule
prevails that the enlistment of three men for one
year each counts the same as the enlistment of
one man for three years.
Mr. GARFIELD. That might accoiyit for
part of the difference.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I understand thatevery
time a draft is made for a three-years man it
counts three times.
Mr. GARFIELD. A three-years man is equal
to three one-vear men.
Mr. STEVENS. Then when you kill a three-
years man you kill three men.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I have only
one word more to say, and I wish to say it before
I leave this point. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Kernan] asserts that these States
raise their quotas by money, and that therefore the
wealth of a State, rather than the men of a State,
are to be taken into account. I answer the gen-
tleman that the second section of this bill cuts off
entirely the substitute system excepting so far as
men may find substitutes m their own townships
or wards, and therefore his moneyargument falls
to the ground. Massachusetts will hereafter be
obliged now to get her substitqtes from her own
districts, or from foreign countries.
I hope this radical change in our system will
not be made. I move to close debate on the sec-
tion, and on all amendments thereto.
Mr. KERNAN. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. ELiOT. 1 renew it, and ask the gentle-
man from Ohio to withdraw the motion to close
debate.
Mr. GARFIELD. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. SMITH, i hope the gentleman from
Ohio will allow me to say a word on this subject.
Mr. GARFIELD. I yield to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Eliot.]
Mr. ELIOT. Mr. Speaker, I desire to state
two or three facts in connection with the quota
of Massachusetts which may as well be stated
now as at any other time. During; the whole
period of this war there have been called for from
Massachusetts 117,624 men. In the early period
of the rebellion the governmentof Massachusetts
used every exertion in its power to induce the
Waf Department at Washington to receive more
men than were called for from the Commonwealth.
The number of men who have been furnished by
Massachusetts is 125,437, making a surplus over
all calls of 7,813 men.
But, sir, that does not state the whole facts.
The numbe'r of men credited to Massachusetts
up to October, 1863, was 75,608; but, reduced to
the standard of three-years men, it was 58,898.
Mr. GANSON. I would like to inquire of the
gentleman from Massachusettshow many ofthese
men were negroes of the South?
Mr. ELIOT. Colored people from the South?
Mr. GANSON. Yes; and from other States
than Massachusetts.
Mr. ELIOT. Massachusetts has furnished
125,437 men. All of the colored men credited to
Massachusetts and all foreign recruits credited to
her, including about 5,000 men enlisted to her
credit in the Veteran Reserve corps and regular
Army, fall short of 10,700 men.
Mr. NOBLE. I ask the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts if he does not know that the fifty-
fourth and fifty-fifth regiments of Massachusetts
colored troops are from Ohio and other western
States.
Mr. ELIOT. No, sir; I know no such thing.
I state what the record authorizes me to state.
Mr. NOBLE. Well, f know it.
Mr. ELIOT. I cannot be interrupted now.
I repeat, if the gentleman will permit me, that
there have been, including all foreigners and in-
cluding all colored persons, and including 5,000
veteran reservesand men in the regular Army, less
than 11,000 men enlisted in her regiments, out of
between .one hundred and twenty-five and one
hundred and twenty-six thousand, and many of
the veteran reserves are citizens of our State.
And let me say here that there have not been a
thousand men put into the Army from Massa-
chusetts, but very little over nine hundred, who
were foreigners brought here for that purpose.
And I will state one more fact. There /has not
been one man brought from any part of the world
whom the government of Massachusetts has had
any agency in bringing here. Whatever has
been done has been done by individual action.
The applications that have been made to Massa-
chusetts from abroad have been invariably re-
fused. The Governor of Massachusetts has had
no connection whatever with it. If I had time I
could state more particularly than it is necessary
to do now the precise manner in.which these
men have been brought into the country. But
the State of Massachusetts has had no connection
with it. Without allowing for the reenlistments
Massachusetts has sent more men into the ser-
vice than can be found now within her boundaries
between the ages of eighteen arid forty-five. She
has sent 20,000 more men than are now in the
State liable to do military duty.
If the gentlemen desire to ask me any other
questions m connection with the Commonwealth
of Massachusetts, I am ready to answer.
Mr. EDEN. I wish to ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] to state the number
of men that Massachusetts has been required to
furnish under the recent call.
Mr. ELIOT. When the call was made there
was but a very small number of men which the
State could be called upon to furnish, because of
the surplus that she had before furnished. There
were several thousands of surplus. But it so
happened, because of the manner in which the
men are called for, that there are io Massachu-
setts two districts where they are deficient some
805 men. But the State as a State stands far
ahead of the call.
Mr. EDEN. Will the gentleman inform the
FLouse what was the quota assigned to Massa-
chusetts under the recent call? '
Mr. ELIOT. Under the call of July, 1864, it
was 21,670 men.
Mr. EDEN. What was it under the call of
December 19, 1864?
Mr. ELIOT. 1 do notthink I can give that to
the gentleman accurately. I have not the data
here ftom which to give it.
Mr. SMITH. I think this is a very important
subject. I wish to take up the idea suggested by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]
and make some inquiries in regard to it. The dis-
tribution of the quotas, in the first instance, under
the call for 500,000, and then under the last call,
seems to be very strange, and one for which I can-
not account. I know the idea has prevailed, to-
some extent among some men, that the State
which I have the honor in part to repiesent bears
a twofold relation to this great struggle. I ki#bw
that she has furnished an army to the rebellion;
I know that she has furnished an 'army to the
Union; I know that we have men there who sym-
pathize with the rebellion on the one side, and
men whose sympathies are all with the Union on
the other side. I know that under every call
which has been made upon the State of Ken-
tucky by the Government for troops to fill up the
ranks oft lie Union Army, my State has uniformly
come forward and furnished whatever quota was
demanded of her. Under the call for 500,000 men
Kentucky was culled upon to furnish twenty-odd
thousand men. 1 do not know what were the cir-
cumstances under which that quota was filled in
other sections of the State, but I do know that in
my own district our people came for ward, and out-
side of the draft, regardless of the draft, with their
own means and by their own exertions, with a
determined patriotism and purpose to assist the
Government in putting down this rebellion, they
filled up the quota they were then called upon to
fill. In my own county, the county of Kenton,
we wpre called upon for 248 men under the call
for 500,000 men. Under the call for 300,000men
we were called upon to furnish 315 men.
Now,! cannot for*my life understand how that
can be explained. I would like to have some
member of the Military Committee, or some gen-
tleman who understands the rules that apply to
the apportionment of the draft, who has access to
the Provost Marshal General, or who can obtain a
private conversation with the Secretary of War,
