1865.
THE CON"(xBESSIOKAXi GLOBE.
351
intended to effect, with the further restraint which
I have already mentioned.
Mr. ALLEY. I understand further that no
part of this loan is intended to bealegal tenderin
any shape.
Mr. STEVENS. It cannot be if we pass the
amendment proposed. No partof it has yetbeen
issued in that form,and wedo not intend to allow
it to be.
Mr. BROOMALL. I desire to ask whether or
not this issue is intended to be in the form of notes
calculated for circulation?
Mr. STEVENS. It is intended to be in the
form of seven-thirty notes,precisely in that form.
Mr. BROOMALL. I wish to ask also whether
the $200,000,000 authorized by the act of June,
1864, are not now circulating to a considerable
extent as currency?
Mr. STEVENS. I have no knowledge on that
subject. They have been issued probably in the
shape of bonds with coupons. They may circu-
late in the same way as promissory notes do.
Mr. BROOMALL. 1 see no provision in the
law requiring them to be issued with coupons.
May they not be issued under the law as coni-
pound-interest-bearing notes, such as are really
m circulation?
Mr. STEVENS. No,sir; becauseby this pro-
viso we propose to restrain the Secretary of the
Treasury in that respect.
Mr. BROOMALL. The gentleman does not
exactly understand my question.
Mr. STEVENS. There are notes running for
three years, which bear compound interest, and
are a legal tender for their face.
Mr. BROOMALL. Are there not also in cir-
culation similar notes, made a legal tender, but
beanng interest compounded at six per cent. ?
Mr.'STEVENS. I have not seen any. I have
no knowledge of them.
Mr. BROOMALL. Is there anything in the
law that prevents these notes from being issued
simply m the shape of the compound-interest
notes now in circulation, and without coupons'
Mr. STEVENS. As I stated before, the object
of the proviso is to prevent that.
Mr. BROOMALL. The proviso, if I under-
stand the gentleman aright, provides that they
shall not be made a legal tender. I also under-
stand the gentleman to say that the present issue,
the 05200,000,000, are not made legal tendcis; that
the Secretary of the Treasury did not see proper
to exercise the power given to make them a legal
tender. Ami risrht?
Mr. STEVENS. You are right.
Mr. BROOMALL. Then the$130,000,000 will
be precisely like the present six per cent, com-
pound-interest-bearmg notes in circulation, lack-
ing the clement of legal tender?
Mr. STEVENS. Nosixpercent.compound-
inteiest-beaiingnotes have been issued under this
law; they have been issued under the law of I8G2.
Mr. SCOF1ELD. 1 wish to inquire of my
colleague [Mr. Stevens] whether under (hat act
and the amendment he proposes the Secretary of
the Treasury will not still have the power to issue
about $70,000,000 more of legal-terider notes than
have been issued hitherto?
Mr. STEVENS. We do not interfere with the
first §'200,000,000, but we do interfere with the
balance, which we are now providing for.
Mr. SCOFIELD. My inquiry is this: if we
pass this bill, then, with the proviso which the
gentleman has proposed, will not the Secretary
have the power to add to the volume of the legal-
tender notes now in existence some §70,000,000'
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman means by
legal-tender notes compound-intesest-bearing
notes.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I mean the notes to pay
duties, and which are usually known as legal-
tender notes.
Mr.STEVENS. There is an express limit to
the legal-tender notes of $450,000,000. That is
the law now.
Mr. SCOFIELD. There are about §70,000,000
of notes which may be issued under this act, and
when we authorize the Secretary to issue them
in the form of seven-thirties he will then have
power to make them legal-tender notes under the
two acts, notwithstanding the proviso.
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Then strike out all after the
word " for," in the proviso, and say that he shall
not have power to issue any more legal-tender
notes in any form.
Mr. MORRILL. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. SCOFIELD. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, I will state
to the committee what I understand to be the pre-
cise facts in connection with this matter. The
Committee of Ways and Means do not propose
to give to the Secretary any power to issue any
legal-tender notes by the bill now before the com-
mittee. They do not propose to repeal any au-
thority he now has in relation to that matter.
Under the first section of that act that power is
not yetexhausted,and the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is correct in supposing that there is still
the option on the part of the Secretary of the
Treasury to issue some sixty or seventy million
dollars more. We do not propose to interfere
with the law as it now stands upon the statute-
book. That is considered by the Secretary of the
Treasury as exceedingly useful in the negotiation
of loans as it now stands. So far it has only been
used to issue compound-interest-bearing notes to
take up previous notes issued bearing five percent,
interest. There have been no legal-tender notes
issued, as*I understand, under this act—not a dol-
lar. We propose now simply to give authority to
the Secretary to issue seven-thirty bonds or notes,
as you may choose to call them, to the extent of
$200,000,000. That is all there is of it, more or
less.
Mr.PIKE. I wish to move an amendment to
the first section of the hill.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is entitled to the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. I think that there is yet un-
exhausted, under the lawgiving to the Secretary
of the Treasury the right to issue seven-thirty
bonds, $70,000,000, and some §130,000,000 under
the other. Under that section no legal-tender note
in any shape, no compound-interest-bearing note,
has been issued. They have all been issued sim-
ply in the form of seven-thirty bonds.
Mr. BROOMALL. Let me call the gentleman's
attention to the law.
Mr. STEVENS. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. BROOMALL. I find in the act of Con-
gress which this bill proposes to alter these
words:
"And the said Treasury note may lie disposed of by the
Secretary of the Treasury on the best terms that can he
obtained, lor lawful money ; and Mich ot them as shall he
made payable, ptinripal and mteiest, ut matinity, shall he
a legal tender to ihe same extent as UniLed States notes lor
tln'ir face value, excluding interest, and may he paid toany
ereditur of the United States at tlieh face \ a!ue, excluding
interest, or to any el editor wlllin" to receive ttiein at par,
cxcludiiu: interest; and any Treasury notes issued under
the nuthoiityof this act may he made convertible, at the
discretion oi'the Secietaiy ot the Treasury, into any bonds
issued under the authority of this act."
How does the gentleman get over the provision
of law making them legal tender?
Mr. STEVENS. They are only legal tender
when they are made payable at certain times; and
it is so expressed on their face. None of them
have been issued, not a dollar. They have issued
seven-thirty bonds, and none have been issued
under the other power contained in that law.
Mr. PIKE. If the gentleman will allow me, I
will offer ail amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I will hear the amendment.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Jlml jnoi-Ual fwither, That the Treasury notes hereby
anthorizfd shail be thiee-year notes with coupons, and
riuy be couveitihle into bonds of the United States.
Mr. STEVENS. I cannot agree to that, be-
cause he may wish to issue one or two year notes.
I think that discretion should not be taken away
from the Secretary, but we do propose to take
away from him the power of making the notes a
legal tender.
Mr. PRICE. I am not particular about the
time. I only wish to obviate the difficulty which
exists in the minds of some gentlemen upon this
floor, and therefore my proviso was designed to
fix the fact that the notes shall be coupon notes,
and shall stand upon the same footing as the cou-
pon notes now authorized to be issued under ex-
isting acts. I am not particular about the time,
whether it be one, two, or three years; but I de-
sire to fix the fact that they shall be coupon notes;
because it is no secret that these notes are in-
tended to be used for banking capital. By mak-
ing the notes coupon notes, and taking away the
objection which exists in the min^s of gentlemen,
I presume the bill will pass without any objection.
Mr. PIKE. I desire to offer an amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to say whatl have
to present, and then I will yield the floor to others.
The Secretary of the Treasury is of opinion that
he ought to be left the same discretion which the
former Secretary had, and he says it aids him
very much in making loans. He is enabled with
it to make loans when otherwise he could not;
but the committee, so far as the $200,000,000ai'e
concerned, are not willing to leave him quite that
discretion. They have not thought proper to in-
terfere with him in executing the law as it now
stands. We did not think it expedient to do so.
But it is well known that all noies he has issued
have been issued in the shape I have mentioned.
No one of them has been a compound note, or a
legal tender. But as I said before, as we are en-
larging the authority of the Secretary, it seems
right to restrain, so far as we choose to do so, his
power in regard to issuing legal-tender notes.
These notes are not intended as banking cap-
ital. I never heard of their being the foundation
of banking capital. They are not of the kind
used for that purpose. Registered bonds have to
be used, and if others are offered they are not
received, but are required to be converted into
registered bonds. So I think there can be no
kind of difficulty about this. As my colleague
[Mr. MoRRiLLj'has said, we do not propose to
change the present law in regard to the seven-
thirties; but when we give further power to issue
seven-thirties we do propose to restrain the Sec-
retary more than he is now. If the House does
not think proper to give him the discretion to con-
vert these bonds into seven-thirties, they will say
so.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I move to amend by striK-
ing out the last clause of the bill.
Mr. PIKE. That is what I sought the floor
to do.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman will
yet have an opportunity to present his views. I
move to amend by striking out the last clause, as
follows:
And such notes shall be exempt from taxation, by or
under State or municipal authorities.
I do not see how we can well avoid conferring
upon the Secretary of the Treasury the authority
sought to he obtained by this section. I under-
stand that the only effect is that whatever may
remain of the §200,000,000 authorized by the act
referred to, may be issued in the form of bonds
or Treasury notes, bearing interestnotto exceed
seven and three tenths per cent., and having a
period of not more than three years to run. What-
ever gentlemen may say upon the subject, it is
under this authority that the Secretary of tlje
Treasury can issue—if he has not already issued
—compound six per cent. Treasury notes. The
object of my amendment is this: the whole ben-
efit of this Treasury note feature of legal-tender
notes bearing interest is to inure to the benefit of
the bankers of the country. It does so in this
way: the bankers of the country are required to
keep on hand a given amount of money. Instead
of keeping on hand legal-tender notes, not bear-
ing interest, they throw them into circulation and
place on deposit the six per cent, legal-tender
notes authorized under this law. It is very true
they cannot issue them over their counter, but
they can use them for all other purposes the same
as legal-tender notes, as men do in their ordinary
transactions. The effect then is this, that the
whole banking interests of the country are en-
abled to deposit in their banks a paper bearing
interest, at least at the rate of six per cent., and
compound interest at that, and at the same time
be exempt from all taxation.
Now, while I do not well see how the authority
to issue these notes can be withheld from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, because means must bo
obtained to carry on the Government, yet I do
protest against conferring upon an interest al-
ready receiving such extraordinary favors under
our system of finance, the power not only to re-
ceive interest on the money deposited in their
vaults, and that too at enormous rates as com-
pared with those of other nations, but, at the same
time, exempt it from all taxation whatever. Sir,
it is withdrawing from taxation for national pur-
poses, for State purposes, for county purposes,
for municipal purposes, millions and millions of
