852
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20.
our capital, and at the same time throwing upon
the labor of the-country, upon the producing in-
terests of the country, increased burdens of taxa-
tion. It seems to me that nothing could be more
unwise.
Gentlemen may say that this question has al-
ready been discussed in this House, and that the
Mouse by a small majority has decided in favor
of exempting this species of property from taxa-
tion. But it wilV be remembered that when the
question was before the House the argument was
that the exemption only applied to the bonds;
but now, by the express terms of this bill, the
principle of exemption from taxation is to apply
to the notes, and not only to the notes, but to the
legal tenders to the amount of their face; and at
the same time, bearing interest, those notes go
into circulation; independently of the bond feat-
ure to which I have referred, they arc found in
the hands of our citizens everywhere, so that any
man can exempt himself from his share in the
burdens of taxation which the extraordinary ex-
penditures of the times have imposed upon every
town and township and county in the loyal por-
tions of the country; he may exempt himself
from the payment of a single dollar of taxes by
simply investing his means in the six per cent,
compound notes or the seven and three tenths
authorized by this act.
It is not sufficient for gentlemen to say that
under the second section of the original act " to
provide ways and means for the support of the
Government, and for other purposes," approved
30th June, 1864, no six per cent, compound notes
have been issued, because, in point of fact, they
can be issued under the second section of that act
which has been already read upon this floor, and
which clearly confers upon the Secretary of the
Treasury the power to issue these notes at an in-
terest not exceeding seven and three tenths per
cent, per annum, and running three years, and
makes them a legal tender to the amount of their
face.
In view, therefore, of the effect of withholding
this species of property from taxation, in view of
its injustice, in view of the fact that by exempt-
ing this particular interest in favor of the capi-
talists of the country, you increase the taxation
of those who are engaged in industrial pursuits,
I must protest against it, and piotcst against it
more especially as the Representative of an agri-
cultural community who cannot receive the full
financial benefit of a provision like this to the
extent to which it will result to the commercial
interests of the country.
Mr. KERNAN. I think that tho amendment
proposed by the gentleman from Indiana will not
cffect his object. Within a year and a half past
the United States courts have held, reversing the
decision of the courts of the State of New York,
that the bonds, tho security issued by the Gov-
ernment, are exempt from taxation by virtue of
the Constitution of the UnitedStates withoutany
law; and hence, if they are to be taxed, it is ne-
cessary that Congress shall expressly waive the
privilege which the courts hold that the Govern-
ment has under the Constitution of the United
States. It will be necessary that we shall declare
expressly that they shall be subject to taxation,
or else under this decision they will be exempt by
the Constitution itself. Hence I suggest to my
friend from Indiana that if he desires to legislate
upon this subject he must legislate in reference
to that decision, assuming it, as I must do, to be
right.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. The gentleman
from Indiana will allow me to call his attention
to another fact in reference to this question which,
from remarks which have been made in this House,
X think is not understood. This bill providesfor
the issue of so many millions of Treasury notes,
according to the provisions of section two of the
act approved June 30,1864. Section two of that
act authorized the issue of a certain amount of
notes, which were legal tender, in lieu of the bonds
authorized by section one, hut it did not exempt
those notes so issued from taxation. The provis-
ion of the bill now proposed is a new provision.
The policy of exempting this class of securities
from taxation is for the first time proposed this
session.
Mr. BROOMALL. Mr. Chairman, I wish to
call the attention of the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to a note which I
hold in my hand, and which purports to be issued
under the act of June 30,1864— the act proposed
to be amended by the act now pending. This
note is made, on its face, a legal tender to the ex-
tent of its principal, without interest. I find that
the issue under that act is in the form of currency
without coupons, if the note which I hold in my
hand is a fair sample. I want to be understood,
however, that I do not oppose this on account of
the notes being a legal tender. On the contrary, if
the currency is to be further increased, I prefer it to
be uniform, and that all the notes should be made
legal tenders, if any are. My objection is to the
formof the note. If the Committee of Waysand
Means will put this bill in a shape such that the
issue under it shall not enter into the currency of
the country and further inflate it, I will vote for it.
But nothing but being satisfied that the condition of
the Treasury absolutely demands the further issue
of notes that can enter into the currency in any
shape, will induce me to vote for such a measure.
I think that the great mistake made heretofore is
in having inflated the currency too much. I think
it would be better to increase the rate of interest
on bonds until sufficient money can be obtained
in that form, than to inflate the currency further
than it is inflated. If the matter can be so mod-
ified that no further inflation of the currency shall
take place under the act, I will vote for it with
pleasure.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to say that with re-
gard to the note produced by my colleague, [Mr.
Broomall,] it was issued under a section which
authorized them to be issued for the exchange of
legal-tender notes. None of the $200,000,000 re-
ferred to in the act of June 30, 1864, was issued
in the form of the note which my colleague has
shown. That is one of a class of notes issued in
exchange for other legal-tender notes.
Mr. liOLMAN. There can be no question,
Mr. Chairman, that when the Secretary of the
Treasury issued these compound-interest notes,
lie undoubtedly had the power to do so; for the
express terms of the act are that he may issue,
to the extent of $200,000,000, notes running for
three years, and not exceeding a given rate of in-
terest, seven ami three tenths. It is subject to that
authority that the balance of the other $200,000,000
is proposed to be issued. I believe the gentle-
man fiom Pennsylvania stated the balance at
$130,000,000.
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOLMAN". I do not agree with gentle-
men that we can avoid conferring this power on
the Secretary of the Treasury, i would go as far
as any gentleman to avoid a further expansion of
the currcncy; but it seems to me that it is almost
impossible to avoid authorizing the Secretary of
the Treasury to exercise some discretionary power
in this matter, else in many instances you may
subject him to the rapacity of the banks. The
objection that I raise is mamly confined to the one
fact, the exemption of these notes from taxation.
My friend from Wisconsin [Mr. Brown] sug-
gests that by the act of 30th June, 1864, Treas-
ury notes were not exempt from taxation; he may
be correct. Yet when you examine this act you
will find that the last clause of the first section
provides " that all bonds, Treasunj notes, and other
obligations of the United States shall be exempt
from taxation by or under any State or municipal
authority." The gentleman argues that notes to
be issued under the second section of that act are
not embraced by that general provision. 1 am
apprehensive that he is mistaken in this construc-
tion, although when the subject was before the
House last session it was argued, with some de-
gree of force, that the principle of exemption from
taxation did not apply to the legal-tender notes
bearing interest, but to the bonds only.
In reply to the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Kernan] who has referred to a decision of the
Supreme Court, I understand that decision not to
have been made with reference to the circulating
medium of the country, but that, on the contrary,
it was held that the principle applied only to the
bonds issued by the Government of the United
States. It seems to me, Mr. Chairman, that there
is a wide distinction between bonds issued by the
Government and the circulating medium of the
country; for if it be true that the whole circulating
medium of the country, issued by authority of the
Government, is exempt from taxation, then the
whole body of the wealth of the country held by
the banks and capitalists is exempt from the bur-
dens of State and municipal taxation, leaving the
burden on the tangible wealth and labor of the
country. If such is the result it will be the most
oppressive and disastrous result that ever sprang
out of the misfortunes of war; not a temporary
but a permanent evil, under which the labor of
the country would bend for ages; a result almost
fatal to free government, for labor then would be
at the mercy of capital, the one stooping under
taxation for the sole benefit of the other. This
is inevitable if we do not resist this exemption of
the many millions of Government securities from
taxation. But, Mr. Chairman, to avoid any ambi-
guity about this matter, and in order that the pur-
pose of Congress may be clearly declared, I adopt
the suggestion of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Kernan,] and propose not only to strike
out these words, but to substitute words ex-
pressly conferring upon the States and municipal
authorities the power to tax these notes. I move
to amend by striking out these words :
And such notes shall be exempt from taxation by or
under State or municipal authority.
And inserting the following :
And the notes issued under this act shall be subject to
State and municipal taxation as other property.
I suppose that the use of the words "as other
property" wsuld oblige the States to impose no
greater tax upon this species of property than
might be imposed upon other property of.a sim-
ilar character situate within their jurisdiction.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I desire to move an amend-
ment; to add the following proviso:
PiOvidedfurther, That no legal-tender notes shall be is-
sued by authoiity of this act, or the act to which this is a
supplement.
Mr. GRINNELL. Mr. Chairman, I am con-
strained to support the amendment proposed by
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holman.] At
the last session, when this subject was under dis-
cussion, I took ground in favor of exempting these
notes from taxation. You remember, sir, that
those were darker days than these. You remem-
ber, sir, that at that time there were doubts enter-
tained by some in regard to the character of our se-
curities. We wished to dissipate the doubts then
existing in regard to the future of the Govern-
ment, and to induce capitalists to take those se-
cuiities. Hopefully, sir, they took them. They
have proved extraordinary investments. Every
one holding them is satisfied with them. You now
find that those who own very large amounts of
these securities declare that they can afford to be
taxed. Of course, I do not propose that there
shall be any ex post facto law on this subject; but
we can provide now that the future issues of these
notes shall be subject to taxation for State and
municipal purposes.
We have been told, and will be told, that the
surplus money of the country is stored away, and
escapes the excessive taxation which must be felt
by all classes of the country for years to come.
Now, sir, 1 wish to obviate any objection of this
sort. Our taxes will be heavy. Let them be
levied judiciously; let them be borne equally; let
them fall upon those who are able to pay them.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to ask my colleague
whether he supposes that the Government of the
United States can dispose of six per cent, bonds,
if those bonds are subject to a State taxation of*
two or three per cent., as the case may be, and
also to municipal taxation.
Mr. GRINNELL. I do not know what the
tax may be. I do not know whether it will be
so much as two or three per cent.
Mr. WILSON. If they are subject to State
and municipal taxation it may be in some in-
stances more than two per cent.
Mr, GRINNELL. I know that in the State
which the gentleman and myself in part repre-
sent, the taxation is not so high as that. One per
cent, is there deemed excessive taxation.
Mr. WILSON. 1 will suggestto my colleague
that in some places the State and the municipal
taxes will amount to three per cent. 4
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I would like to
ask my colleague [Mr. Grinnell] whether, in
many of the counties of the State of Iowa, the
taxes, State and municipal,do not amount to over
three per cent.
Mr. GRINNELL. I am not acquainted with
any such county.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. Well, I am ac-
