1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ill
Mr. SCHENCK. And the recruit or substi-
tute gets very,, little of it. I think the words used
are safe enough.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I with-
draw my motion to strike out the section.
The tenth section was then read, as follows:
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That any officer who
shall muster into tlie military or naval seiviceef tlie Uni-
ted States any deserter fiom said service, or insane person,
or person in a condition of intoxication, knowing Mm to
be such, shall, upon conviction by any court-martial, be
dishonorably dismissed the service of the United States.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I move
to amend this section by inserting before the
words 44 court-martial," the words " civil court
or.'1
Mr. SCHENCK. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] that
this section applies only to officers in the mili-
tary service. It does not apply to the trial of
civilians at all. Substitute brokers and others,
not in the military service, are to be'tried* under
the provisions of the preceding section, before
civil courts. Butif any officer of the Army com-
mits the offense described in this section, he is to
be tried by court-martial.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I will
withdraw my amendment.
Mr. THAYER. I move to insert after the
words " in a condition of intoxication" the same
words inserted in the preceding section on the mo-
tion of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Davis,] " or any minor between the ages of six-
teen and eighteen years without the consent, ex-
press or implied, of his parents or guardians, or
any minor under the age of sixteen years."
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope the gentleman will
strike out the words " express or implied." Let
it be the'actual conscnt of parents or guardians.
Mr. THAYER. I accept the modification.
The amendment, as modified, was adopted.
Mr. DAVIS, of New Yoik. I desire to say
that in preparing the amendment 1 offered to the
preceding section 1 adhered to the language used
in the existing law upon that subject. If that lan-
guage is objectionable, it is the tault of the exist-
ing law. 1 ask unanimous consent to modify that
amendment by stiiking out the words " express
or implied."
No objection being made, the amendment of
Mr. Davis, of New York, to .section nine, was
modified accordingly.
Mr. PRICE, i move to insert the following
as an additional section:
Jlnd hat further enacted. That any person, who shall have
been draitod, who shall offer as a substitute any deserter
or insane p< rson, knowing him to be such, shall, upon con-
viction by*any com t-inauinl, be fined in a sum not exceed-
ing §1.000. nor loss than .^00, or be impiisum-d not exceed-
ing two years, nur less than six months, in tlie discretion of
the court.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have a section on that
subject which has been prepared with a great deal
of care, which I will offer as a substitute for the
section proposed by the gentleman from Iowa,
[Mr. Price.] It is as follows:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That in every case where a
substitute is furnished to take the place of an enrolled or
dratted man, and it is shown, by evidence that shall be
satisfactory to the S«eietary of War, that such substitute,
at the time oi his enlistment, Was known to the party fur-
nishing ium to be non compos mentis, or in a condition of
intoxication, or under conviction or indictment for any of-
•iense ot the grade of felony at the eominon law, or to have
been guilty of a previous act of desertion, unsatisfied by
paidon or punishment, or, by reason of any existing in-
firmity or ailment, physically incapable of performing the
ordinary duties ot a soldier in active seiviee m the lanks,
it shall be tire dutyot the Provost Matshal General, on ad-
vice of the (act, to report the same to the provost marshal
of the proper district; audit such person so enlisted and
incapable shall have been, since the parage of tins act,
mustered into the service as a substitute for any person
liable todratt and not actually drafted, the«naine of the per-
son so liable, who furnished such substitute,shall be again
placed on the list, and lie shall be subject to draft there-
after ds thoueh no such •substitute bad been furnished by
him ; and if such substitute, so enlisted and incapable as
aforesaid, shall have been, since the passage of this sie^,
.mustered into the, service a substitute fot a person actu-
ally diaftcd, then it sball*fc the duty of the Provost Mar-
shal General to direct the provost marshal ot the pioper
diatuct immediately to notify the, person who furnished
fcuch substitute that he is held to service in the place of
sueh substitute, and he shall stand in ihesaine relation, and
be subject to the same liability, as before the furnishing of
sueh substitute.
Mr. PRICE. I accept that amendment as a
substitute for mine.
Mr. SCHENCK. The bill as originally re-
ported, provided, aa will be recollected, for hold-
ing principals liable for their substitutes. That
provision seemed so objectionable to a majority
of this House that it was voted down. Whatis
now proposed, however, proceeds upon a differ-
ent principle, takes another element into the cal-
culation. The section which I now offer pro-
poses to provide thcatif a substitute should prove
to be insane, or in a condition of intoxication at
the time when he is put in, or if he be a convict,
or a person physically disqualified for the ser-
vice, and if it be shown by proof satisfactory to
the head of the Department (for there must be
somebody to judge of this matter) that the prin-
cipal knowingly practiced this imposition upon
the Government, then the principal shall be held
liable, though not in other cases. If the princi-
pal has only been enrolled he is only returned for
the enrollment; if the principal has been not only
enrolled but drafted, then he is held as a drafted
man; but in neither case docs any liability attach
to the principal except upon proof of this fraud,
this imposition, practiced upon the officers of the
Government.
Mr. SMITHERS. The gentleman from Ohio
in his remarks has not referred to the fact that
the substitute might prove to have been a de-
serter. Is that included m the amendment?
Mr. SCHENCK. That is included. The
amendment provides that the principal shall also
be liable if at the time of putting in the substi-
tute he knows him to have been guilty of a pre-
vious act of desertion not satisfied by pardon or
punishment.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vens] offered yesterday an amendment, which,
to my surprise, was adopted by this House,
holding the Government concluded on all occa-
sions where a substitute is received and mustered
in. The gentleman claimed that such a provision
is proper because the enrolling boatd and the
surgeon who makes the examination represent
the Government, and the substitute beingaecepted
by their sanction, with their approval, they acting
as agents of the Government, the Government
ought to stand entirely concluded and cut off from
any further objection subsequently. Now, the
obvious answer to that is that these enrolling
officers are but human and are liable to be im-
posed upon. There is no doubt fraud enough,
and too much by a great deal, among those who
represent the Government; the agents of the Gov-
ernment are often parties to the frauds committed
upon it. This does not touch such cases. But
where the party furnishingthe substitute practices
an imposition upon the Government by furnishing
a substitute knowing him to be disqualified, it is
very hard to insist that the Government shall be
held responsible, and that the musteung in shall
not be set aside on account of the fraud.
It is a. fact which has come to the knowledge
of every one who has investigated this subject,
as have the Committee on Military Affairs, that
there are scores of cases where persons put in as
substitutes have been subject to epileptic fits, to-
tally disqualified for the service, and have been
sent to the hospitals and discharged within a few
weeks after entering the service. Yet at the time
when they were mustered in there was no ap-
pearance'of any such disqualification. As I am
not a member of the medical profession it is not
for me to say how a surgeon could be thus im-
posed upon; but I presume, from facts which
have come to my knowledge, that even a well-
meaning and skillful surgeon may be imposed
upon in the case of an epileptic. However that
may be, epileptics have been received in many
cases; 'their unfitness for the service has been
afterward discovered, although they had passed
an'examination; and this in cases where the proof
was clear and distinct that the party who pro-
duced the substitute had known for years that
the substitute was thus epileptic. Lunatics have
been received during a lucid interval, and after-
ward,falling into their paroxysms, have neces-
sarily been discharged.
Now, without going further into particulars, the
section which I propose provides for all cases of
this kind, where fraud is practiced upon the offi-
cers representing the Government. It proposes
that the Government shall not, at least in these
cases, be held liable, but that the penally for this
willful imposition practiced upon the Government
shall be that the enrolled or the drafted man, as
the case may be, shall take his place upon the
rolls or in the draft, in the same manner as he
had not furnished a substitute.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I will ad-
mit the insanity when the fanaticism is admitted
by the gentlemen themselves. But 1 do not care
to find myself in such strange company. There
is a proviso here which gives the right of judg-
ment to the provost marshal as to whether a man
is crazy or not.
ENROLLED BILL. *
Mr. COBB reported that the .Committee on
Enrolled Bills had examined and found truly en-
rolled an act (H. R. No. 640) providing for-a
district and a circuit court of the United States
for the district of Nevada, and for other pur-
poses; when the Speaker signed the same,
ENROLLMENT BILL—AGAIN.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to strike out the last'
word. Mr. Speaker, this is reen&ctmg what we
struck out yesterday. It is the same in substance.
The Government of the United States appoints
the board of enrollment. It is composed of one
military officer, one surgeon, and one intelligent
citizen. Their duty is to examine all who are
offered as substitutes, as well as others. They
go into an examination and render a judgment,
and on that judgment the substitute is accepted
and the'principal pays his money. Afterthesub-
stitute has been examined and accepted, we have
decided that that shall be the end of the liability
of the principal. I think that we decided rightly.
The gentleman wants a new trial. He pro-
pose^ that litigation shall never end; that a man
who has furnished a substitute and has paid his
money, after a thorough examination, shall be
again liable. There is to be no repose. They
are to go before a tribunal thousands of miles
away. In the ease of a substitute put in at St.
Louis or Portland, the tribunal to reverse it is to
sit here in Washington; and the principal is re-
quired to come hero, after doing all that the law
required, to answer a charge of having fraudu-
lently put in a substitute.
It seems to me that we are making this bill
more odious, if possible, than it was originally.
It is vexatious, perplexing, oppressive to the peo-
ple, and I hope that the amendment will not be
adopted. I should be sorry to be compelled to
vote against the bill, for it contains some good
provisions in regard to substitute brokers.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I agree to-
day with my friend from Ohio, and yesterday I
differed with him; and I differ with my colleague
to-day although I agreed with him yesterday. I
think there is no analogy between the two sec-
tions. The case proposed yesterday was that
the principal was held responsible where he was
without default; in other words, that the soldier
was under the charge of the officers of the Gov-
ernment, who were armed with ample power to
prevent him from deserting, and bound to hold
him in custody. I agreed with my friend from
Pennsylvania that it would be at violence with
the first principles of natural justice to hold the
principal responsible when Ive had incurred no
default whatever, and when the whole default was
on the part of the Government itself. What is
this case? The amendment proposes, as I un-
derstand, to cover those cases where a court of
equity would interfere.
Mr. STEVENS. Will my friend allow me
to ask him whether there could not be some nrode
of trial adopted ? Is it to be the mere ipse dixit of
the Secretary of War?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I answer the gentleman in
this way: the fact of the Secretary of War being
an officer of the Government does not disqualify
him as a judge presiding in cases of this sort. To
make them efficient they must necessarily be of a
summary character. 1 am sure that my friend
will recognize the necessity for jurisdiction of
that kind in many civil cases. In controversies
in our courts, where the Government is one party
and an individual another, the jurisdiction must
necessarily be summary. There may be errors
in the administration of justice in ail courts, some-
times hardships, and sometimes injustice. But
I suggest, again, that the only question here is
whether a party who has made a contract with
the Government upon fraudulent representations
shall be allowed to enjoy the advantages of that
contract when no consideration has passed from
him? And I ask my friend from Pennsylvania
V
