1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
855
to be in favor of them; and I propose that the Sec-
retary of the Treasuiy shall not issue anything but
the seven-thirties.
In reference to the argument that he cannot
issue anything; else, let me say one word. 1 hold
in my hand a fifty dollar note, issued on the 15th
of August, 1SG4, and under the authority of the
act of June 30, 1864, the very act which this bill
proposes to amend. A gentlemen near me has
another note of the same kind, a ten dollar note.
So you sec, Mr. Chairman, that, under that act,
the Treasury Department does issue notes which
go to swell the volume of the currency; and I
propose that this shall not be done under this bill
when it becomes a law.
Mr. STEVENS. I thought I had already suf-
ficiently explained that those notes were not issued
under "the first and second sections, but under
a subsequent section, authorizing the issuing of
them for the exchange of legal tenders, with a
view to the destruction of ihe latter. All the notes
in that form have been issued under that scction
of the act.
Mr. PRICE. That explanation is legitimate
and correct; but i think the committee must see
that if the Secretary of the Treasury could, under
the original law,issue these bills, which arc legal
tenders, and which go to swell the volume of the
currency, he can, under the amendatory act now
proposed, do the same thing, provided we do not
restrain him in that respect.
Now, if the seven-thirties are what the country
wants—and all the gentlemen say that they are—
then I do the country and the Secretary of the
Treasury no injustice in offering my amendment,
because I only propose that the Secretary of the
Treasury shall issue just what the country says
it wants, and what the gefulemen on this floor,
including the Committee of Ways and Means,
say is demanded. I propose to restrain the Sec-
retary of the Treasury from doing just what
everybody says he ought not to do. What ob-
jection, then, can there possibly bo to my amend-
ment? Certainly none whatever.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I withdraw my
amendment, and move to strike eut the last four
words.
Mr. Chairman, there is still a little confusion
on this subject. The gentleman at the head of
the Committee of Ways and Means states, what
I iiave no doubt he is perfectly accurate in stating,
that, as a matter of fact, no new legal-tender notes
have been issued under this section, and that the
fifty dollar note shown me by my friend from
Ohio and the ten dollar note shown me by my
fiiend from Massachusetts were issued under a
paiticular clause of tins section giving to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury the right to cancel and de-
Btroy any Treasury notes heretofore issued under
the authority of tins act, and substitute therefor
an equal amount of Treasury notes such as are
authouzed by this act. While it is true in point
of fact that the Secretary of the Treasuiy may
not have exercised his discretion to issue all of
them in a shape susceptible of being used as cur-
rency, yet the powet, it seems to me, still there
exists, and it was because the power existed he
was authorized under this very section to redeem
in another form of security and issue these very
notes in lieu of them.
I am not complaining of the Secretary of the
Treasury. I do not see that he has abused the
confidence reposed in him. I do notsay that he ims
issued a single dollarof the original $200,000,000;
but I say that the language of the section author-
izes him, and that authority I object to.
Mr. KASSON. I wish to state further, in
answer to the gentleman from Maryland, that the
purpose I at least, as one of the members of the
Committee of Ways and Means, sought to accom-
plish will be shown by interpreting the amend-
ment proposed by that committee. It is provided
that this act shall not be so construed as to give
any authority for the issue of any legal-tender
notes in any form. So far I use the language of
the committee. Now for my own: "Beyond
the balance unissued ofthe amount authmizod by
the second section of the act to which this is an
amendment." I state that to be the purport of
the committee's amendment, and certainly what
1 intended to be the purport of it. I desire to have
it fully expressed, as much so as any member of
this House.
Air. SCOFIELD. Let me interrupt the gen-
tleman. Why issue anymore legal-tender notes?
Why not stop where we are?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, rose.
Mr. KASSON. Let me answer the gentleman
from Pennsylvania. I will say that I know of no
reason or necessity for the issuing of them at this
time.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Let us stop them.
Mr. KASSON. If from some disaster in the
money market our troops should be deprived of
the payment necessary for the support of their
families, and we should not have means to recover
from that disaster, where is the member who
would deny the power to furnish depreciated cur-
rency, if gentlemen choose to call it so, and sup-
ply the wants ofthe Government?
Air. SCOFIELD. Where is the capitalist in
the country, if that emergency should arise, who
would not furnish the means to pay the troops?
Mr. KASSON. Air. Chairman, I am sorry to
say that I agree with the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, that these capitalists
ore not willing to loan money without some com-
pensation ; and I also think that they will not loan
it unless they believe they will do better in loan-
ing it to the Government.
1 will now hear the question the gentleman from
Maryland desires to ask.
Air. DAVIS, of Maryland. I ask my friend
from Iowa why he will not accept this as an
amendment to the section ?
Provided, That no note issued under this Jaw shall bfi
a legal-tender note, and no note bhail be issued of a less
denomination than $100.
That prevents if, first, from becoming a legal-
tender note; and secondly, of being of such a de-
nomination as will circulate as cmrency. I pro-
pose to offer the amendment at some proper time.
Air. KASSON. 1 have no objection to so much
of the amendment as fixes the denomination of
$100. Touching the other I have no authority
from the committee.
Air. DAVIS, of ATaryland, by unanimous con-
sent, withdrew his amendment.
Air. MORIULL. I move to strike out the last
two words to make a few remarks.
Mr. Chairman, if the Committee of Ways and
Means had concluded to report a bill here merely
authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to ob-
tain loans according to the form of the second
scction of the act of June 30, 1864, I suppose
that all the purposes of the Secietary of the
Treasuiy would have been accomplished. That
is all this act will do if we pass it as it has
been repotted fiom the Committee of Ways and
Means, with the amendment subsequently pro-
posed by the chairman. We did not think it
wise at the present time to give any authority
to the Secietary of the Treasury to issue legal-
tender notes in any form. That power, under
the law of June 30, 1864, has not been exer-
cised except to issue notes for those which have
been canceled, and under a former luw varying
the form, so as to issue six per cent, compound-
interest notes. But there has been no absolute
increase of currency, but rather a diminution of
even that class of notes under the administration
of the present Secretary of the Treasury.
Now, as the Secretary will be bound by law,
if this act shall pass, he will have the authority
which was conferred upon him by the act of June
30, 1804, to issue legal-tender notes to the extent
of sixty oi seventy million dollars. With that
wc do not propose to interfere at all. The Secre-
tary of the Treasury says that power is indispen-
sable to him, and that it will be indispensable to
anybody who administers the power which he
now has, that he shall have that option remaining
in order to enable him to negotiate loans on fair
terms. That he considers to be all that will be
necessary, and he will be perfectly content if no
more power be granted. I trust that under the
present circumstances in reference to the power,
now nearly exhausted, for the issuing of these
seven-thirties, we shall not restrict him as to the
particular form.
It has been said that the power should be lim-
ited to the issuing of notes not less in amount
than $1C0. Why, many of our soldiers will be
glad to obtain these bonds in small amounts, and
so will many small capitalists.
Mr. GARFIELD. I am very anxious to have
the gentleman answer a question or two. The
iiist section of the act of June 30, 1884, author-
ized the issuing of §400,000,000 in bonds. Tire
second section allowed $200,000,000 of that
amount to be issued in Treasury notes, com-
pound interest, semi-annually, or in other form®.
Gentlemen tell us that of that $200,000,000 not a
dollar has been issued under that clause; and
therefore the Secretary of the Treasury has the
whole range of that $200,000,000.
Mr. STEVENS. Some of it has been issued,
in the shape of seven-thirties.
Mr. GARFIELD. Now, the bill before us
asks that the remaining bonds of the first section,
which could not be issued in notes, may also be
issued in notes. It seems to me therefore, if, as
gentlemen say, the Secretary has not used the
power conferred upon him under the first clause
of the second section, they want to give him still
more power than that which he has already.
On the 12th day of this month there hacl been
issued at the Treasury Department §120,000,000
of compound-interest notes, like those which have
been exhibited on the floor this morning, six per
cent, compound notes, interest payable semi-
annually. I took the information myself from
the Treasury Department.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Doesthegentlemanmean
that we shall understand that $120,000,000 of tlie
six per cent, notes have been issued under the au-
thority contained in thesecond section of thebill?
Have they not been issued to redeem previous
notes, called United States notes?
Mr. GARFIELD. I do not say they were all
issued under the authority of the act referred to,
but 1 do say that the whole issue of notes of that
description was $120,000,000 on the 12th of this
month; and that they, together will all other notes
issued by the Government of the United States,
not including national currency, amounted to a
fraction over $707,000,000.
Mr. P OUTWELL. I would inquire whether
the $120,000,000 were not issued to cancel legal-
tender notes?
Air. GARFIELD. I understand they were is-
sued to take up legal-tender notes, and that it is a
mere transfer of the currency before the country.
But the $200,000,000 of notes of this description
authorized by the second section of the act of June
30, 1864, have not been used, and it is proposed
to extend the power in reference to them.
Air. MORRILL. I withdraw myamendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to strike out the last
word of the amendment for the purpose of saying,
oncc for all, that gentlemen do not seem to under-
stand that these compound notes referred to are
to be issued under the second section of the act of
1863, which will be found upon page 710 of the
Statutes, of which $400,000,000 were authorized
to be issued upon the conditions therein con-
tained. By the bill of 1864, the Secretary of the
Treasury was allowed to issue the same kind of
notes, but merely to exchange for those. It was
done in that way, and no other.
Now, if gentlemen wish to embarrass the De-
partment, when we have gone as far as we think
it proper to go in the proposed amendment, that
no legal-tender notes shall be issued; if they wish
to take away all authority to issue seven-thirties,
without which the Department cannot get along,
let them do it. Itis for our friends to say whether
they intend to sustain tins Government or not.
1 move that the committee rise for the purpose
of closing all debate upon this bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Spalding reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had under con-
sideration the special order, being a bill (H. R.
No. G77) to amend an act entitled "An act to
provide ways arid means for the support of tho
Government, and for other purposes/' approved
June 30, 1864, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that all debate ia
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
on the special order be closed in one minute after
its consideration shall be resumed.
Air. HLOLMAN. I believe the debate can be
closed upon only one section at a time.
The SPEAKER. Only upon one section.
Mr. STEVENS. Then 1 move to close all de-
bate upon the first section and the amendments
pending thereto.
The motion was agreed to.
