1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
357
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the biil.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. 1IOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays,
and tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered, and the yeas and
nays were not ordered.
The biil was then passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to .reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. SCHENCIC moved that when the I-Iouse
ad journs to-day it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
The motion was agreed to.
FOST OFFICE APPIlOrillATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to take up House
bill No. 059, making1 appropiiatiuns for the ser-
vice of the Post Office Department during the fiscal
year ending the 30ih of June, 18G6, in order that
H may be considered in the House as in Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is it the
ordinary Post Office appropriation bill ?
Mr. STEVENS. It is.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I hope
it will be taken up and passed.
The biil was taken up and read.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third tune, and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ABOLITION or SLATKItY.
Mr. ASHLEY, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented joint resolutions of the Legislature of Ohio
directing the Senators and requesting the mem-
bers from that State to vote for the amendment to
the Constitution of the United States in relation
to shivery; which were laid on the table and or-
dered to be printed.
APPORTIONMENT OF NAVAL RECRUITS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from ihe Secretary of War, transmitting, in com- '
phanec with a resolution nf the House, a icport 1
in regard to the apportionment of naval recruits j
among the different enrollment districts; which, !
on motion of Mr. Pike, was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
CHANGE OF VKSSKL?S NAME.
Mr. ODELL, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill changing the name of the William F.
Storer, owned by Charles II. Marshall, to the
International; which was read a fust and second
time, and leferred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
And then, on motion of Mr. STEVENS, (at
live minutes to four o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.  
IN SENATE.
Mo.vday, January 23, 3865.
Prayer by Rev. Thomas Bowman, D. D., Chap-
lain to the Senate.
The Journal of Thursday last was read, con-
taining the following passage:
"Mi. Wilson, finm th< . Committee on Military Affairs
and the Miiitin. to whom \va* lefened the joint resolution
(S. lx. No Ofc) tendering the thanks ot Congie^s io Majoi
(Jenornl All rod 1J. Terry, and to the offict'tss am! men undei
Jw> eomm.iiul, for tlieli gallantry ami eond conduct ni the
lec'iit capture of Fort Fi&liei, u-poited it with an amend-
ment."
PROPOSED CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to move a correction
of the Journal. I see that it states that the joint
resolution of thanks to General Terry was re-
ported back with an amendment. There was no
title to the resolution as it was originally intro-
duced, and it was repoitod Ifaekin a new draft in
tiider to perfect it. I propose to amend the Jour-
nal by saying that it was reported back without
amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is a proposi-
tion not m accordance with the fact. The resolu-
tion was reported back with an amendment, ac-
cording to the Senator's own statement, and the
Journal is right.
Mr. WILSON. The form of the resolution as
reported was precisely the same aa the original
resolution, with the exception of the title. It was
not intended to amend the resolution except to
make a new draft to render it more perfect.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Journal is in
accordance wifh the fact, however.
Mr. DIXON. Do I understand the Chair to
decide that the Journal cannot be corrected ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly; not.
The Journal now stands precisely according to
the facts in the case, if the Chair understands the
Senator from Massachusetts. The Journal can
be enlarged by stating the additional fact that the
amendment was precisely the original resolution
with a title, if that be the fact.
Mr. DIXON. With deference to the Chair, I
will say that the amendment of the title was a
different amendment, entirely, and subsequent to
the first proposition. The chaitman of the com-
mittee stated that he reported the resolution with
an amendment, and he then sent to the Chair the
identical resolution without the crossing of a t or
a dotting- of an i,and the Senate then proceeded
to accept that as an amendment. Afterward the
chairman also recommended that a title should
he added, and that amendment was made. The
Journal states that the resolution itself was ic-
porled with an amendment,striking out the whole
resolution and msertinganotber, which I, with due
deference to the Chan, submit was ineorrcot in
point of fact. I submit this amendment to the
Journal, to make it read—
" Tl > Cotmmure on Military Affair5? and the Militia, to
whom was ieieitod ihe joint ^solution,5' * * *
repotted it without amendment and lecomtueuded us
The VICE PRESIDENT. If that is in ac-
cordance with the fact, the Journal can bo so
amended, but that is nut in accordance with the
statement of the Senator from Massachusetts.
Ml WILSON. I desire simply to say that the
resolution as it went to the committee had no title.
The committee teported it back in a new draft,
not intending to call that an amendment, but with
a view of having a title and ha\iug the proposi-
tion perfect; but the body of the resolution as
repoitrd and passed waa word for word as it was
"xhi. VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator will
state ihe transaction piensely as it took place in
the Senate, the Journal will be made to correspond
with the fact.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to have it cor-
rected by inserting1 the additiona 1 words proposed,
and that will make the whole matter light.
The VICEPilESIDENT. If the Senator will
state that he meant to report the resolution with-
out amendment, the Journal will be so corrected
it there bo no objection.
Mr. CLARK. I submit that it can be of no
consequence in the world to amend the Journal
after those explanations. 11 should stand as it is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenator from
Connecticut was understood to offer a proposition.
Mi. DIXON. I understand that the Senatoi
from Massachusetts does state, as the Chair has
suggested, that the committee intended to report
the resolution back without amendment.
The V J C E PRESI DENT. I f the Senator from
Massachusetts so states, the Journal will be so
corrected.
Mr. WILSON. I do.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Journal will
be so corrected, if there be no objection.
Mr. CLARK. What was said by the Senator
from Massachusetts was entirely coi rect. \ occu-
pied the chair at the time. He repented back the
icsolution in a new draft, and it was taken upas
in a new draft and amended and passed. The
Journal is right as to the precise point of fact.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The, proposed cor-
rection will be made, the Chair hearing no objec-
tion.
CREDENTIALS PRESENTED.
Mr. CIIANDLEPl presented the credentials of
Hon. Jacob M. Howard, chosen by the Legis-
lature of the State of Michigan a Senator from
that State for the term of six years commencing
March 4, 1865; which wore read and ordered to
be filed.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of War, stating that
he will cause a prompt response by the Adjutant
General to resolutions of the Senate of the 10th
instant calling for information in relation to major
and brigadier generals in the service of the Uni-
ted States and officers of the regular Army of the
United States; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of the Interior, communicating, in obe-
dience to law, copies of the accounts of the super-
intendents and agents having in charge the refugee
Cicek, Choctaw, Chickasaw, and Seminole In-
dians, for the third quarter of 18G4, which was
referrod to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
►Secretary of the Interior, communicating, incom-
pliance with a resolution of the Senate of the 12th
instant, information in relation to the amount paid
by that Department for attorneyand counsel fees
from June 30, 1863, to January 1, 1865, which
was ordered to lie on the table.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of War, in response to a resolution of
the 5th instant calling for information as to the
number of men enlisted in the naval service who
have been credited on the military quotas of the
respective Stales and the principle and evidenco
on which such crcdita were allowed; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WADE presented the petition of citizons
of Ohio, praying that provision may be made for
the exchange of Union soldiers now in the hands
of the rebels; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
lie also presented the memorial of a commit-
tee appointed at a convention of the publishers of
weekly newspaper.? in Ohio, held at Columbus,
January 4, 1SG5, praying for a repeal of the duty
on printing paper; which was icferrcd to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
He aiso presented thirty-four petitions* of offi-
co-rs in the military service of the United States,
praying for an increase of the p{iy of Army offi-
cers; which were referred to the Committeo on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. WILSON piesentcd the petition ofBriga-
diei General T, J.Wood and other officers in
the military service of the United States, praying
for an increase of the pay of Aimy officers; which
was \ efei red to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Mihtia.
He also presented fifty-five other petitions of
officers in the military service of the United States,
praying for an increase of the pay of Army offi-
cers; which were referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Mihtia.
Mr. 11ARLAN presented the memorial of Rob-
ert B. Riell, lieutenant United States Navy, pray-
ing that ho may be allowed his pi oper promotion
in ill** grade of commandcis,which has been de-
nied him in consequence of the report of a medi-
cal board; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. HOW A RD presented the memorial of the
officers of the 4th Michigan infantry, asking for
an increase of pay; which was refeircd to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia. -
He also presented a petition of clerks in the
Treasury Department, praying for an increase of
salary; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of acting:
assistant surgeons United States Army, praying
for an increase of compensation and that tiny may
be exempt from draft, and that they may be reim-
bursed for all expenses necessarily incurred in the
line of their duties; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented a petition of citizens of the
United States residing in New Yoik, praying for
the enactment of a law to secure a republican
form of government and abolish and forever pro-
hibit slavery in the United States; which was
rrfened to the select committee on slavery and
freedmen.
Mr. MORGAN presented the petition of
Thomas Murphy, playing that he may be re-
