1124
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
the present time, would be detrimental to the public in-
terests.
So much of tills information as relates to each particular
State is to be found on the records of that State, and is
subject to its use and reference, settlements having been
made from time to time with the authorities of the States,
and satisfactory adjustments arrived at.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
EDWIN M, STANTON,
Secretary of War.
The President of the Senate.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WADE presented a communication of
Norman Wiard, addressed to the joint committee
on the conduct of the war, upon the subject of
great guns; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed,
Mr. MORGAN presented a petition of citizens
of the city of New York, praying for the pas-
sage of the bill to establish a uniform system of
bankruptcy throughout the United States; which
was ordered to lie on the table,
Mr. JOHNSON presented a petition of John
Baker, of the city of New York, and John S.
Jackson and Henry Munro, of Valparaiso, as-
signees of E. Mickle & Co., praying payment
of drafts drawn by Adam Johnston, sub-lndjan
agent, for provisions for the California Indians
in 1851; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian A flairs.
Mr. SPRAGUE presented a petition of Wil-
liam P. Wiliiams, praying that a fog whistle may
be located on Beavertail; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of colo-red
people of the United States, praying that the
elective franchise may be granted to the colored
people of the United States; which was ordered
to he on the table.
Mr. BROWN presented a petition of citizens
of Howa>d county, Missouri, praying that Dr.
Comstock's system of phonetics and elocution,
and the French system of weights and measures,
may be taught at the Military Academy of West
Point; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. D00L1TTLE presented a memorial of
the Legislature of Wisconsin, in favor of the re-
peal of the importduty on printing paper; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CO WAN presented a petition of non-com-
missioned officers and privates of the veteran re-
serve corps, who reenlisted for three years prior
to the issuing of oiders depriving the enlisted men
of that corps of such bounties as were offered for
reenlisting men at the time they reenlisted, pray-
ing an investigation into the subject; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
Mr. HARRIS presented a memorial of Delia
A. Jacobs, praying an extension of the patent
granted to her husband, Jesse Fitzgerald, on the
28th of August, 1849, for a machine for dressing
tree-riails; which was referred to the Committee
on Patents and the Patent Office,
Mr. POMEROY presented a petition of citi-
zens of the United States prayingan amendment
to the Constitution of the United States fully
recognizing the obligations of the Christian reli-
gion; which wa§ referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
RAILROADS IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move to postpone all prior
orders and take up for consideration the bill (H.
R. No. 761) extending she time for the completion
of certain land-grant railroads in the State, of
Minnesota, and for other purposes.
Mr. COLLAMER. There is unfinished busi-
ness of the morning hour which I feel it my duty
to insist upon. 1 find that I must do as other
gentlemen do, insist upon the business which is
in my charge, and as that is unfinished business
of the morning hour I object to taking up any-
thing else until it is disposed of.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the Senator from Ver-
mont will allow this bill to be acted upon. It is
a local bill which will not take up much time.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 object to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The objection
prevents its being taken up by unanimous con-
sent; b\Uthe motion of tfee Senator from Minne-
sota is in order, and that is to postpone all prior
orders and take up the bill named by him,
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I hope the motion
will be withdrawn, and that we shall be allowed
to make our reports.
Mr. RAMSEY. It will take but a few min-
utes to pass the bill, and it is the only bill I think
which I have asked the Senate to take up. .
Mr. WILKINSON. I hope the Senate will
agree to the motion of my colleague to take up
this bill. An amendment has been proposed to
it by the committee which makes it necessary
that it should go back to the other House. We
have asked but very few favors here this session.
The motion was agreed to—ayes twenty-four,
noes not counted.
The Senate accordingly, as in Committee of the
Whole, proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No.
761) extending the time for the completion of cer-
tain land-grant railroads in the State of Minne-
sota, and for other purposes.
Mr. RAMSEY. I presume it is unnecessary
to read the original bill, the Committee on Public
Lands having reported a substitute for it.
The reading of the bill was dispensed with by
unanimous consent, and the Secretary read the
amendment proposed to be inserted as a substi-
tute for it, as follows:
That the quantity of lands granted to the State of Min-
nesota, to aid in the construction of certain railroads in
said State, as indicated in the fiist section of an act enti-
tled 11 An act making a grant of Jand to the Teriitory of
Minnesota, in alternate sections, to aid in the construction
of certain railroads in said Territory, atid granting public
lands, in alternate sections, to the State of Alabama, to aid
in the construction of a certain railroad in said State," ap-
proved March 3,. J857, shall be incre.i&ed to ten sections
per mile lor each of said lailroads ami blanches, subject to
any and all limitations contained in said act and subse-
quent acts and as hereinaiter provided.
Sec. 2. jind he it jurther enacted, That the first proviso
in the first section of the act aforesaid shall be to amended
as to read as follows, to wit: Provided, That the land to
be so located shall in no ease be further than twenty miles
fioin the lines of said roads and branches, to aid in the
construction of each of winch said grant is made; and said
lands granted shall, in all cases, be indicated by the Sec-
retary of the Interior.
Sec. 3. And be it jurther enacted, That any and all lands
Jieietofoie reserved to the United States by any act of Oon-
gtess, or in any other manner by competent authority, tor
liie purpose oi aiding in any object of internal improvement
or other purpose whatever, be, and tiie same are hereby,
reserved and excepted horn the operations of this act, ex-
cept so iar%s it may be found necessary to locate the route
of sard road through such reserved lands, in which case
the right of way shall be granted, subject to the approval
ot the President ot the United Slates : Provided, jurther,
That any lands which may have been gianted to the Ter-
ritory or State of Minnesota for the pin pose of aiding in
the construction of any laihoad, which lands may be lo-
cated within the limits of this extension ot said grant or
grants, shall be deducted fiom the lull quantity of lands
hereby granted, and that any lands which may have been
so granted shall be strictly applied in accordance with the
tf'tuis and conditions of said act or acts, unless subse-
quently modified by law.
Sec. 4. Ai id he it further enacted, That the sections and
parts of sections of land, which by said acts and this giant
shall remain to the United States, within ten miles on each
side of said roads and branches, shall not be sold for Jess
than double the minimum puce of public lands when sold,
nor shall any of said lands become subject to sale at pri-
vate entry until the t ame shall have been first ofieied at
public sale to the highest bidder at or above the minimum
price as aforesaid: Provided, That actual bona fide settlers
under the preemption laws of the United States may, alter
the proof of settlement, improvement, and occupation, as
now provided by law, puichase the same at the increased
minimum price: And provided, also, That settlers under the
provisions of the homestead law who comply with the
terms and requirements of said act shall be entitled to
patents for an amount not exceeding eighty acres each, any-
thing m this act to the contraiy notwithstanding.
See. 5. And be it further cnactcd, That the lands hereby
granted shall be subject to the disposal of the Legislature of
the State of Minnesota, for the puiposes afoie&aid, and no
other. And the said railroads and branches shall be and
remain public highways for the use of the Government of
the United States, free of all toll or other charges upon the
transportation ofanypropertyortroopsot the United States.
Sec. 6. Jlnd be it further cnactcd, That the lands hereby
and heretofore granted to said Territory or State of Minne-
sota shall be dispo<ed of by said State for the pmposes
atoresaid only, and in manner following, namely: when
the Governor of said State shall certify to the Secretaiy of
the Interior that any section of ten consecutive miles of
said load is completed in a good, substantial, and work-
manlike manner, as a firsf-class railroad, and the said Sec-
retary shall be satisfied that said State has complied in
good laith with this requirement, the said Secretaiy of the
Interior shall issue to the said State patents for all the lands
granted and selected as aforesaid, situated opposite to and
within a limit of ten miles of the line of said section of
road thus completed, extending along the whole length of
said completed section often miles of road, and no timber.
And when tiie Governor of said State shall certify to'ihe
Secretary of the Interior, and the Sccietary ^ball be satisfied
that another section of said road, ten consecutive miles in
extent, connecting with the precedingsection or with some
other fir&t-class railroad, which may be at the time in suc-
cessful operation, is completed as atoresaid, the said Sec-
retary of the Interior shall issue to the said State patents
for all the lands granted and situated opposite to and within
the limit of ten miles of the line of said completed section
of road or roads, and extending the length of said section,
and no further, and so, from tim8 to time, until said roads
an«5 branches are completed. And when the Governor of
said State shall so certify, and the Secretary of the Inteiior
shall be satisfied that the whole of any one of s*aid roads
and branches is completed in a good, substantial, and work-
manlike manner, as a first-class railroad, the said Secretary
of the Interior shall issue to the said State patents to all
the remaining lands granted for and on account of said com-
pleted road and branches rn thin act, situated within tire
said limits oftw.enty miles from the line thereof, throughout
the enure length of said road and branches: Provided,
That no laud shall be granted and conveyed to said State
under the provisions of this act on account of the con-
struction of any railroad or part thereof that has been con-
structed under the provisions of any other act at the date
of the passage of this act, and adopted as a part of the line
of railroad provided for in this art: Jlnd provided further,
That said lands, granted by this or prior acts, shall not in
any manner be disposed of or incumbered, except as the
same are patented under the provisions of this act; and
should the State fail to complete any one of said roads or
branches withm eight years alter the passage of this act,
then the said lands undisposed of as aforesaid, granted on
account of said road or branches, shall revert to the United
States.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That as soon as the
Governor of the said State of Minnesota shall file or cause
to be filed with the Secretary ot the Interior map^s desig-
nating the routes of said road and blanches, then it shall
be the duty of the Secretary of the Interior to withdraw
from market the lands embraced within the provisions of
this act.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the United States
mail shall be tiansported on said load, under the direction
of the Post Office Department, at such price as Congress
may by law provide: Provided, That until such price is
fixed by law the Postmaster General shall have power to
fix the rate of compensation.
Sec 9. And he it further enacted, That the provisions of
this act shall also be construed so as to apply and extend to
that portion ofthe line authorized to be vacated by the joint
resolution approved July 12, 18C2, entitled "A joint reso-
lution authorizing the State of Minnesota to change the
line of certain branch railroads in said State, and for other
purpose^" notwithstanding the vacation thereof by said
State, as though paid joint resolution had not passed, and
also to the line adopted by s&id State m lieu of the portion
of the line so vacated.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move to amend the amend-
ment in the sixth section by inserting after the
word "aforesaid," in the twelfth line, the words
" not exceeding ten sections per mile."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move further to amend by
striking out the word " ten," in line thirteen of
the same section, and inserting tf twenty;" so as
to read "within a limit of twenty miles of the
line of said section."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. In line twenty-four of the
same section, 1 move to strike out " ten " and m-
sei t " twenty."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. In line twenty-six in that
section, after the word "further," I move to in-
sert " not exceeding ten sections of land per mile
for all that part of said road thus completed under
the provisions of this act and the act to which
this is an amendment."
Mr. COWAN. 1 think this an important
amendment to make here.
Mr. RAMSEY. It has been considered by the
committee.
Mr. COWAN. It is widening the scope of
this grant from ten miles to twenty miles. It is
of considerable importance, I think.
Mr. RAMSEY.- It is in keeping with the
legislation of Congress up to this time, equalizing
the grant made to this road with the giant made
to other roads.
The amendment to the amendment,was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move further to amend the
amendment in the sixth section by striking out
the proviso from line thirty-six to line forty-one,
and inserting in lieu of it the following:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall interfere
with any existing rights acquired under any law of Con-
gress heretofore enacted making grants of Jand to the State
of Minnesota to aid m the construction of railroads.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I moye further to amend the
amendment bytetriking out in the forty^third line
of the same section the words " or incumbered"
after 14 disposed of."
Theamendmenttothe amendment was agreed to.
The amendment of the Committee on Public
Lands, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I feel it to be my duty
to call the attention of the Senate to the material
feature of this bill. The grant of 1857 gave to
the Territory of Minnesota the alternate sections
to the extent of six miles on each side of these
railroads. This bill proposes to extend it to ten
