1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
miles on cach side, and to allow the deficiency to
be made up within a limit, not of fifteen miles,
but of twenty miles on each side of the roads.
At the last session of Congress, for the northern
part of Wisconsin, because of the difficulties of
sealing that heavily timbered country, 1 advo-
cated asimilar extension of thegrant to the Wis-
consin road, and at this session I have favored a
similar extension in the northern peninsula of
Michigan, because of the peculiar features and
character of the country, and the difficulty in set-
tlingand improving it. But these roads,several
of tliem at least, in Minnesota, run through as
good land as the Government owns, a very de-
sirable portion of country, and now the question
to be decided by-the Senate is merely whether
we are willing to extend the grant from six miles
to ten miles. My own judgment is that the in-
creased cost of iheconstiucuon of railroads jus-
tifies this extension, and upon that ground I am
going to vote for the bill, but I have thought it
my duty to call the attention of the Senate to its
important feature.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to amend the bill by
adding the following additional sections:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the time mentioned in
the act entitled "Ail act making a grant of lands to the
Slate of Iowa, in alternate sections, to aid in the construc-
tion of certain railroads in said St.ite," foi tile completion
of tiie railroads named in said act, be, and the same is
hereby, extended two years.
Jlnd he it further enacted, That the last clause of the
second section of an act entitled " An act to regulate the
compensation of registers and receivers of land offices in
tile seveiai States and Territories in tile location of lands
by States or corporations under grants irom Congress, and
for other purposes," be, and the same is hereby,so amended
as to read "a map of the chance shall be filed with the
Commissioner of tile General Land Office, within three
months atler the said change oflocation shall be made."
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed
and to be read a third time. The bill was read
the third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, its iitle was
amended by inserting the words "and Iowa"
after "Minnesota."
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, from the Committee
on Agriculture, to whom was referred a com-
munication of J. G. Knapp, in reference to the
transmission of printed matter relating to agricul-
ture and seeds through the mails to the Territo-
ries, asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration, and that it be referred to the Commit-
tee on Post Offices and Post Roads; which was
agreed to.
He, also from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (H. R. No. 746) to amend the
act entitled "An act to encourage immigration,"
approved July 4, 1864, and the act entitled " An
act to regulate the carriage of passengers in
steamships and other vessels," approved March
3, 1855, and for other purposes; reported it with-
out amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of B.
F. H. Witherell, a legal representative of James
Witherell, deceased, late a judge of the Terri-
tory of Michigan, praying compensation for ad-
justing titles to land m that Territory, reported
adversely thereon.
Mr. POWELL, from the Committee on thQ.
Judiciary, to whom was referred a bill (H. R.
No. 579) to repeal a portion of a joint'resolution
explanatory of "An act to suppress insurrec-
tion, to punish treason and rebellion, to seize and
confiscate the property of rebels, and for other
purposes," approved July 17, 1862, teported ad-
versely thereon. • ..
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred a bill (H."R. No.
777) changing the name of EmilCohen, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. HOWARD, froni the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was re-
ferred a bill (H. R. No. 547) for the relief of Jean
M. Lander, widow of F. W. Lander, deceased,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. VAN WINKLE, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom the subject was referred, re-
ported a bill (S. No. 477) to authorize State
banks having branches to become national bank-
ing associations; which was read, and passed to
a second reading.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred a bill (H. R.
No. 707) to provide for the publication of the
opinions of the Attorneys General of the United
States, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (H. R. No. 758) amendatory
of the acts relative to the Attorney General's of-
fice, and to fix the compensation of his assistant
and clerks, reported it without amendment. .
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (H. R. No. 778) in relation to
the appropriation of private property to the pub-
lic use, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (H. R. No. 779) to regulate
the taking of depositions in certain cases, reported
it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (H. R. No. 80) directing a
district or circuit court to be held at the city of
Erie, in the State of Pennsylvania, reported ad-
versely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (H. R. No. 609) to prescribe
the mode of designating citizens of the United
States who shall serve as jurors in the circuit and
district courts of the United States, reported in
favor of its indefinite postponement.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill (S. No. 478) in relation
to the,Naval Observatory, which was read, and
passed to the second reading.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPheiison, its Clerk, announced that
the House had agreed to the amendments of the
Senate to the bill of the House (H. R. No. C88)
making appropriations forthe construction, pres-
ervation, mid repairs of certain fortifications and
other works of defense for the year ending the
30th of June, 1866.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the fifth, and disagreed to the first,
second,.third, and fourth amendments of the Sen-
ate to the bill (H.R. No. 683) making appropria-
tions for the support of the Army for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1866; and had agreed to
the sixth amendment of the Senate to that bill,
with an amendment, in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the House
had agreed to the first, second, third, and fourth
amendments of the Senate to the joint resolution
of the House (H. II. No. 1611) to provide for the
publication of a full Army Register, and had dis-
agreed to the fifth amendment of the Senate to
that resolution.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills; and they were then signed by the Vice Pres-
ident:
A bill (H. R. No. 690) to revive certain pro-
visions of the act entitled " An act further to pro-
vide for the collection of duties on imports and
tonnage," approved March 3,1815, and for other
purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 738) relating to the enroll-
ment and license of certain vessels;
A bill (H. R. No. 781) granting to the Michi-
gan City Harbor Company the use of Govern-
ment piers in said harbor for the purpose of pro-
tecting said harbor;
A bill (H. R. No. 783) concerning the collection
district of Salem and Beverly, in Massachusetts;
and
A bill (If. R. No. 784) to amend an act en-
titled " An act to regulate the admeasurement of
tonpage of ships and vessels of the United States,"
approved May 6,1864.
DISTRIBUTION OF BOOKS.
Mr. POWELL. The Committee on Printing,
to whom was referred the joint resolution (H.R.
No. 82) in relation to the distribution of books
and documents, have instructed me to report it
back and recommend its passage, and I ask that
it be acted on now. It will take but a moment.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
provides that the undistributed portions of the
books and documents heretofore printed or pur-'
chased for its use by order of either Houeeof Con-
gress, previous to the Thirty-Seventh Gongress,
and now deposited in the Interior Department and
elsewhere, shall be distributed to members of the
present Congress, under the direction of the Joint
Committee on Printing. The committee are to.
divide the books in question into parcels equal in
number to the whole number of Senators, Repre-
sentatives, and Delegates from Territories, and.
as nearly equal in value and importance as pos-
sible, and to distribute them to the Senators,'
Representatives, and Delegates, by such method
as may be found most feasible and proper.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate,
ordered to a third reading, read the third tim?,
and passed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. CONNESS. I move to postpone all prior
orders, and take up House bill No. 775. It is a
bill that affects some five hundred people of my
State in regard to their homes, and unless it be
acted on soon I have no hope that we shall secure
its passage. I hope that the Senate will consent
to take it up now.
Mr. COLLAMER. I must again desire the
Senate to dispose of the unfinished business of
the morning hour. I think it will take but a very
short time. I begin to find that it is not wortn
while to have a piece of unfinished business. It
does not stand near as good a chance as does a
motion to suspend all prior orders. If it was my
privilege to do so, I would move to suspend ths
prior orders and take up the unfinished business
of the morning hour. I hope gentlemen will al-
low it to be taken up.
Mr. SUMNER. The business to which the
Senator from Vermont refers, I presume, is the
resolution appropriating $25,000 for a painting.
I stated the other day that 1 should feel it my
duty to oppose that resolution, and to some ex-
tent, perhaps, to debate it.
Mr. COLLAMER. The question is not up
Mr. SUMNER. I am not now debating it. I
am giving that as a reason why it should not be
proceeded with now when the Senator from Cali-
fornia has the floor and has moved to take up ^
another matter. i!
Mr. COLLAMER. The amount of it is, then),
that if any gentleman has the floor this is nevei
to be considered. That is the Senator's argument.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon.
Mr. COLLAMER. That is the result.
Mr. CONNESS. I dislike very much to an-
tagonize any proposition that 1 have charge of
here against any in charge of the honorable Sen-
ator from Vermont,and I am constrained now to
withdraw my motion so that he may get action
on his joint resolution.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not desire the Senator
to withdraw it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Reports of com-
mittees are still in order.
Mr. BROWN. I move that all prior orders be
postponed for the purpose of taking up the bill
(S. No. 377) granting lands to the State of Mis-
souri to aid in the construction of certain railroads .
in said State. I will state to the Senate that I
have' not occupied any of its time with local bills
heretofore. This bill is very similar to many that
have been passed for other States. It is getting
late in the session, and unless we can take it
up now 1 fear it will not have much chance. I
leave it to the courtesy of the Senate. The bill
has been reported from the Committee on Public
Lands,and I move now to take it up.
Mr. GRIMES. I reported a few minutes ago
a bill from the Committee on Naval Affairs in
relation to the Naval Observatory, which I was
anxious to get the Senate to consider. There is
a vacancy at this time existing in the Naval Ob-
servatory, and it is important to pass the bill for
that reason.
Mr. BROWN. The Senator can always get
up his naval appropriation bills,but I shall have
no other chance for my |>ill.
Mr. GRIMES. Itisiiota naval appropriation •
bill. If there is any objection to it, I will suspend
at once. '
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Missouri withdraw hi3 motion?
Mr. BROWN. No, sir; I should -.be glad if
the Senate would grant me the courtesy of taking
up the bill.
