1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS-.
359
our own employes, to those who are around us
and most attached to us, without at the sometime
allowing this extra compensation to extend to all
the Executive Departments. No reason can be
given for increasing the pay of our employes here
that will not equally apply to all the Departments.
The proposition now before the Senate applies
only to the employes of the House, and is con-
fined to the House. Why should the pay of the
employes of the House be increased and not
those of the Senate? Why should the pay of
the employes of Congress be increased and not
those of the Departments ? How could we ap-
proach this question of increase of compensation
to our own employes alone, when we have peti-
tions from thousands of officers, especially line
officers of the Army, who are suffering from the
deficiency of their pay owing to the condition of
the cun ency ? The Committee on Finance deemed
that they could not in justice to the country, and
in justice to their own reputations, increase the
pay of the employes of Congress when we uefuse
to increase the pay of the Army and Navy.
Under these cucumstunces we had but one course
left, and that was to strike out the appropriation
and to insist that it should be left. oat. Let us
approach the question of the increase of the com-
pensation of the officers of the Government as a
separate and distinct proposition. If we are com-
pelled by the circumstances of the time to increase
the pay of any one, we certainly ought in the
first instance to increase the pay of those who
ate suffering from an inadequacy of pay in the
Army, the line officers of the Army; but to in-
crease the pay of the employes of the House of
Representatives alone, without providing for any
other officers of the Government, seems to be un-
just and improper; and theretmo it was that the
conferees on the part of the Senate insisted that
this appiopriation should be omitted. If, how-
ever, the Senate think dillerentiy, we have noth-
ing to say. I submit the question now to the
Senate, so that we may take a vote upon it. The
motion I now submit is to still further insist and
to allow the House of Representatives to have
another vote. TJmt does not defeat the bill, be-
cause the House may recede fiom this appropri-
ation. I cannot say what the House may desire
to do. It does seem to me that th^p House will
not, in the face of theabsolute want of the money
appropriated in the bill for the benefit of the
Army, insist on delaying the bill for this matter.
The Secretary of War told me yesterday that one
or two of these appropriations aie now indispen-
sably necessary, that he wants them to-day or
to-morrow, and that the bill should be paused at
once. The spectacle of hanging up this hill in
ordor to secure the passage of twenty per cent,
additional pay to a few civil employes of the Gov-
ernment is one certainly which I do not wish to
regard. We may recede and pay these employes,
but if we do so we enter upon a course which, in
my judgment, will be injuiious to the public ser-
vice, and dangerous in the extreme in the present
condition of our finances. 1 feel disposed, there-
fore, although theamount is comparatively small,
to make a point of it and stand upon it.
There is another thing. Neither House ought
to put upon an appropriation bill a measure that
does not receive the free assent of the other.
Every portion of the appropriation bill ought to
be assented to freely by both Houses. Certainly
alter the Senate has deliberately acted on the ques-
tion, we ought not to be required to take from the
national Treasury this sum of money againstour
will merely to secure the passage of the deficiency
biii. It seems to me that is the correct princi-
ple- it is one upon which I have always acted ns
a member of Congress, that where either House
objects to any independent appropriation bill, to
abandon it, because the appropriation bill ought
not to be used as a medium to force through Con-
gress an objectionable proposition to either House.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, I do not
think that one wrong justifies another, nor do I
see the ji*stice of the argument presented by the
Senator from Ohio, which reasons that because
the line officers of the Army are not properly
compensated the clerks should not be properly
compensated. I know very well that theyare not
receiving1 a compensation sufficient for their ser-
vices. I know very well, so far as the officers of
the Army are concerned, that a lieutenant in the
service cannot pay his mess bill and his washing
bill. That is a matter of fact. They are not
properly compensated. We having been playing
the demagogue in both Houses of Congress and
voting high compensation to the privates and
nothing to the officers, because there are a great
many privates to every officer. I think the in-
crease of compensation to the clerks is a matter of
justice, as would be the increase of compensation
to officers of the Army; but because one is right
and the other is right, and one is presented first,
that is no good reason why the first should be
ignored. There is good reason why it should be
done; and when the time comes for giving proper
compensation to officers of the Army so that they
may be able to live and not have to draw on their
friends at home for necessary current expenses,
I will vote for that
Mr. TRUMBULL. Without at this time going
into the question whether we should increase
generally the salaries of officers of the Govern-
ment in consequence of the depreciation of the
currency in which theyare paid, 1 think there are
other reasons entirely sufficient why the Senate
should not accede to a pioposition to add twenty
per cent, to the compensation of the House em-
j ployes. 1 very well recollect "since I have been
■ in the Senate the difficulty that arose out of this
species of legislation, and the action which gave
rise to the passage of the law of 1858 referred to
by the Senator from Ohio. In the closing hours
of the session theie would always be found some
member of the body who, in the superabundance
of his kindness to the employes about the Senate,
(that have always since I have been here been very
accommodating and kind and have ingratiated
themselves into the good feelings of the members
of the body,) would make a motion of this charac-
ter, that twenty per cent, additional be paid them
as a compensation. It was always exceedingly
unpleasant on the part of any member of the Sen-
ate to object to such motions, and they were suf-
fered to prevail at several sessions against the
better judgment of members, because of the dis-
inclination there was to interpose an objection in
a small matter of that kind; butfmally Congress,
in 185S, determined to relieve itself of this legisla-
tion by providing that money should not be paid
on a resolution of this character passed by either
House. The salary of the officers was fixed at
what was thought to be a proper sum, and it was
determined to leave it there,and I believe that this
body, and so far as I am aware the House of
Representatives, for the last six or seven years,
has refused, until the present occasion, to pass a
vote of this character. Now, sir, if we concur in
this provision of the bill adopted by the House of
Representatives, we open the door again; and 1
do not care what you fix the pay of the employes
of the two Houses at, there will, at the conclu-
sion of a long session, when we all feel the services
that have been rendered by the employes of the
body, be somebody who, in his kindness, will
move to give them extra compensation; and it
would be done almost as a matter of course, done
usually on the last night of the session, perhaps
not half a dozen Senators presentsometimes when
it is done, and thus we should fall into the old
practice again.
If it is necessary to raise the salaries it ought
not to be done in this way. It is not in accord-
ance with the law that it should be so done; and
I rejoice that the Committee on Finance of this
body has taken the position it has taken, and I
am sure that the House of Representatives will
not insist upon the defeat of a bill of importance
i to the country rather than lose an appropriation
made in this particular way, because the appro-
pi rntion may be brought up in a bill if it is thought
desirable hereafter to increase the pay of the em-
ployes of the two Houses of Congress, or of either
House. The refusal to concur in this provision
of the bill will not prevent the passage of a law
that shall give them additional pay if nis thought
advisable to pass it; but I am quite sure that the
House of Rfpicsentatives will not insist upon a
resolution being enacted into a law which all must
admit who examine the legislation of the country
was passed contrary to the law. I hope the vote
of the Senate will be unanimous in sustaining the
action of the committee of conference on the part
of the Senate in refusing to agree to this proposi-
tion of the House of Representatives.
Mr. DAYIS. I am in favor of making this com-
pensation to the officers* not only of the House cf
Representatives, but of the Senate. In addition
to that I am in favor of making additional com-
pensation to the members of the Senate and of the
House of Representatives. I am in favor of pay-
inga just and reasonable salary to every class of
officers and every officer of the Government who
does not receive such compensation. I have been
in both Houses when the additional Compensation
at the close of the session referred to by the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois has been usually
voted; but that is totally a different case from the
one under consideration.
There was then no depreciation of the money
of the country in which those officers were paid,
and the extra allowance that was made to the
officers of the House of Representatives in such
states of case as that referred to by the honorable
Senator was simply a bounty or an act of special
justice. N^wVsir, I am in favor of an act not only
of enlarged but of universal justice to every officer
and every employe of the Government.
The honorable Senator from Ohio remarked that
the officers of the Army were more poorly paid
than any other class of officers or employes under
the Government. 1 do not think so. 1 think the
members of the two Houses of Congress, who
can engage in no other business, all of whose time
for the year is necessarily absorbed by their ser-
vice in Congress, and who have families at home
or hero to support, are the most poorly compen-
sated of all the officers or employes of the Gov-
ernment. I believe in chanty, and 1 believe in
the old proverb, that charity begins at home. I
am in favor of an additional compensation to the
members of the Senate for two seasons: first, be-
cause it is just; and second, because I feel that I
am entitled to more money than 1 receive, and I
am in need of it.
We were promised §3,000 compensation per
annum in money, and there is nothing that is
money but gold or silver, and all the legislation
of Congress cannot make any other thing money
than gold or silver, and the commercial world will
not receive anything but gold or silveras money.
Now, what have we been paid for the last two
years for that compensation that is tendered by
an act of Congress to the members of the two
Houses? Between forty and fifty cents for each
dollar. I say that that is an injustice to thq^nem-
bers of Congress. I say that members of Con-
gress cannot live upon that compensation. 1 fcay
that that is a less rate of compensation than has
been contracted by the Government to pay them,
and I say that it is a less rate of compensation
than the Government ought to pay.
Now, sir, for one, I am willing to vote justice
to every class of officers, and, as I said before, to
every officer and every employe under the Gov-
ernment. If you satisfy my leason that such a
class or such an officer does not receive a fair
compensation, 1 am always ready to vote for a
sum that will make it a just and a reasonable
compensation. The members of the two Houses
of Congress who live within a shortdistance from
the metropolis,and who get little or nothing in
the way of mileage, are, I think, most unjustly
dealt with by the present compensation which
they receive. It is a matter of imperative justice
and right to them that they should receive an ad-
ditional rate of compensation. I believe that the
officers of the House of Representatives ought
not to have been grouped together, but that the
members of the two Houses and the officers of the
two Houses ought to have been put together in
a joint resolution or a bill for that purpose, and
that a fair and adequate compensation should
have been provided collectively for them all. I
prefer that the matter should take that course.
If the officers of the Army do not receive a fair
and adequate compensation it is the duty of Con-
gress to afford it. It is the light of the officers of
the Army that they should have a fair compenaa-
tloiijone that will enable them to live and to sup-
poit their families; but because the proposition
does not embrace the officers of the Army it is
no reason why justice when it may be done shall
not be done to the officers of the House or of the
Senate or to the members of the two Houses. I
will vote myself that the Senate adhere to its po-
sition for the purpose of getting this question
ns it relates to the members of the two Houses of
Congress and the officers of both Houses before
the two Houses in a more legitimate mode, by a
joint resolution or by an act to be passed for that.
