1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
361
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of tlie Treasury be, and is
heicby, directed to furnish the Senate, onorbeloic the 15th
day ot February next, a statement showing the amount of
collections in each interna! revenue collection district,
and the amount of moneys deposited in authoiized deposi-
tories or paid to the Commissioner of internal Kevenue on
di.ifts oi otherwise by the collectors of cach district from
tho date when the excise act went into operation to the
33th day of June, 1864, with ihe differences between the
amounts collccted and the amounts deposited or paid over
as aforesaid by the collectors in each district, and the total
differences in'the amounts for said period.
GOVERNMENT DEPOSITS 1ST NATIONAL BANKS.
j\lr. WILSON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolced, That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and is
hereby, duected to furnish the Senate, on or before the 15th
clay of February next, sepaiate and detailed statements
showing the amount of public moneys deposited and the
amount withdiawn fiom each of the national banks during
each month from the date of their oiganization to June
30, ISO I, with the difference between the sums deposited
and withdiawn monthly, in cach case, and the amount of
the differences.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
Rent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 406)
for the benefit of officers of the Army in the field;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. MORRILL asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 407)
for the relief of Lieutenant Commander Cilley, of
the United States Navy; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. DIXON asked,and byunanimousconsent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution (S.
It. No. 101) proposing an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States; which was read
twice, and referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary. The proposed amendment is to insert
in iieu of the fifth paragraph of the ninth section
of the first article of the Constitution this clause:
" Congress .shall have power to lay a tax or duty
on articles exported from any State." *
Mr. MORRILL asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. 11. No. 103) for the relief of A. G. Bodfish;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. CLARIC asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 102) declaratory of the sense of
Congress upon negotiations and terms of settle-
ment with the rebels; which was read twice,and
ordered to be printed. It declares that no ne-
gotiations, terms of settlement, concessions, or
compromises should be entered into, proposed,
yielded, or made with the rebels, directly or indi-
rectly, until they have manifested their implicit
and unconditional submission to the authority of
the Government; and that, however much peace
may be desired, the present war must be waged
with all the energy and resources of the Govern-
ment until such submission shall be secured, and
the supremacy of the Constitution and laws es-
tablished over the entire territory of the United
States as heretofore claimed.
SPENCER AND HUBBARD.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, the bill (S.
No. 136) for the relief of A. T. Spencer andGur-
don 8. Hubbard was read the second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to instruct the Postmaster General to
audit and ad just the account of A. T. Spencer and
Gurdon S. Hubbard, for carrying the United
States mail ftom Chicago, Illinois, to Mackinac,
Sault Ste. Marie, Marquette, Copper Harbor,
Eagle Harbor, Eagle River, and Ontonagon, Mich-
igan; La Point, and Superior, Wisconsin, during
the years from 1854 to 1859, inclusive, and allow
therefor such amount as to him shall appear just
and equitable, not exceeding the amountallowed
for the same service to the party who afterwards
performed the same under contract; and the sum
so found due is to be paid out of the Treasury.
Tiie bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
ISAAC R. DILLER.
Mr. HALE. On Thursday last a private bill,
which was reported by the Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Davis,] was, as he-says, arrested
by my act, the morning hour having expired
while I was on the floor. I move now that that
biil be taken up, so that it may be disposed of.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (H. R. No. 94) for the relief
of Isaac R. Diller, the pending question being on
the amendment of the Committee on Claims to
reduce thenppropriation from$3,655 55to $3,000.
Mr. HALE. I do not wish to say much about
this hill. It is a bill to pay an old consul for
services rendered prior to the coming in of this
Administration. I was remarking when I was
on the floor the other day that the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations had told us that
there were applications, some of them very ur-
gent and pressing, coming from all parts of the
world where we have consuls, stating that their
compensation is inadequate now; but the Senate,
on a case brought before them, where there was
a unanimous report from the Committee on Com-
merce, and the recommendation of the Secretary
of State, refused to increase the salary of one of
these officers, the consul at Halifax. It was un-
derstood then to be the general policy of the
Senate not to increase compensation at'this time.
I simply want to say that as we have refused to
pay for present services, I think that to go back
and open an old account will be setting a worse
precedent than would the increase of compensa-
tion in the future, and that all the gentlemen who
make these applications now, when their com-
pensation is confessed to be inadequate, will have
a vastly better claim upon our successors than the
present ones havo upon us. 1 hope the bill will
not be passed.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope this bill will be passed.
I think it is much safer to legislate for the dead
than for the living, and that there will be a much
less amount put up as claims due the dead than
to the living. But I will state one or two facts in
connection with this claim. Mr. Diller was con-
sul at Bremen; his consular duties there were
very heavy and expensive. His rate of compen-
sation was §2,000 a year. Since he went out of
office the compensation for that consulship has
been increased to $3,000. It is in proof in the case
that the actual amount winch he paid for clerk
hire was over $3,300, and that this clerk service
was indispensably neccssary to enable him to get
along with the duties of lus office. This claim
originated in the payment of cleik hire and in the
advance of money by the consul to American
sailors who were in a destitute condition and who
applied to him for assistance to return to their na-
tive countiy. The other House passed this bill
for his benefit, appropriating over $3,GOO. The
Committee on Claims reduced the amount to
£3,000. The case was before the Committee on
Foreign Relations two years ago, and the chair-
man of that committee made a very elaborate re-
port setting forth all the facts. It was submitted
by that committee to the State Department, and
the Secretary of State recommended an appro-
priation of $3,000 for extra compensation to tins
consul. The Committee on Foreign Relations
considered the subject. The learned and labori-
ous chairman examined it very attentively and
made a very elaborate repott, which was lead a
few days ago to the Senate, and that vigilant and
able and economical chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Relations himselfrecommended an ap-
propriation of £3,000 to satisfy the claims of all
descriptions of Mr. Diller. In my own judgment,
for clerk hire and for money advanced to indigent
seamen, he is fully entitled to the $3,055 55 which
the House of Representatives agreed by the bill
which it passed to pay him. In obedience, how-
ever, to the instructions of the Committee on
Claims, I reported the bill with an amendment
reducing the amount to £3,000. in my judgment,
that is considerably less than this man is entitled
to upon the sheerest principles of justice. I hope
the bill will pass.
Mr. HALE. I move that tho bill be indefi-
nitely postponed.
The motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment repoited from the Committee
on Claims reducing the sum from $3,G55 55 to
$3,000:
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in and or*
dered to be engrossed.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was read the third time.
Mr. HALE. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. I understand that this bill
is to pay for disbursements actually made for des-
titute American seamen in the port where this
man was consul, and I shall therefore vote for it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 9; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Carlile, CUrfc,
Conness, Cowan, Davi#, Harris, Henderson, Ilendrieks,
Lane of Indiana, Morgan, Moirill, Nesmith, JPomeroy,
PowpII, Richardson, Riddle, Suul bury,Spiague, Sumner,
Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wilkinson, and Wil-
ley—26. «
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Dixon, Farwell, Foot, Fos-
ter, Grimes, IIaFe, Harlan, and Wilson—9.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Collamer, Doolittle, llnrd-
injj, Hides, Howard, Howe, Johnson, Lane of Kansas,
McDouguli, Ramsey, Sherman, Wade, and Wright—14.
So the bill was passed.
TXIAKKS TO GENERAL TERRT.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the House of Representative to thejoint
resolution of the Senate (S. No. 98) to present the
thanks of Congress to Major General Terry and
the officers and men under his command, which
were in line four before the words " major gen-
eral" to insert the word " brevet,"and to amend
the title of the resolution by inserting the word
" brevet" before the words " major general."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire of
some member of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, as I do not see the chairman m his ^seat at
present, whether that amendment is in accordance
with the facts. I do not know whether it is or
not. Perhaps the Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Lane] can give the information.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. He is a full brigadier
general in the regular Army, and a brevet major
general of volunteers.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then the amendment of
the House is in accordance with the facts?
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Yes sir.
Mr. SUMNER. Is itcustomary to insertthose
details?
Mr. DIXON. I think it ia not. I think it is
improper to insert the word " brevet."
Mr. SUMNER. I think so too.
Mr. DIXON. General Terry has the rank of
a major general, but does not receive the pay.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. He has been con-
firmed as a brevet major general, and will go on
the Army Register with that rank, and certainly
in giving him a vote of thanks we should be pre-
cisely correct as to his title.
The amendments were concurred in.
CONFISCATION OF REBEL PROPERTY.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to give notice that
to-morrow I shall call up the joint resolution from
the House of Representatives, No. 18, to amend
a joint resolution explanatory of " An act to sup-
press insurrection, to punish treason and rebellion,
to seize and confiscate the property of rebels, and
forothcrpurposes,"approved July 17,1862. That
resolution was reported back from the Committee
on the Judiciary adversely. W hen the lesolution
comes up to-morrow, if 1 can get the attention of
the Senate to rail it up, my object will be to offer
an amendment to it to repeal so much of the jaint
resolution to which this refers, passed in 1862, as
limits the confiscation of the real estate of rebels
to the life estate, so that their estates may be ab-
solutely confiscated. 1 give notice of it now, be-
cause there was a difference of opinion in the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, a majority being opposed
to the repeal of the joint resolution of 1862. When
this House resolution shall come up I intend to
move, as a substitute for it, a clause repealing the
joint resolution of 18G2.
Mr. SUMNER. I will remind the Senator that,
on ins motion, the Senate has already adopted that
proposition and attached it to the bill known as
the Freedmen's Bureau bill. That bill is at this
moment before a committee of conference of the
two Houses. That committee has had a session
to-day, and one on Saturday and one on Friday,
and we hope to be able to report at an early day;
and in our report, I have no doubt, we shall pre-
serve the proposition moved by the Senator.
