362
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
January 23,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was not aware that a
committee of conference was acting on that bill.
It is immaterial to me how we attain the object.
I will not press action upon this joint resolution
under those circumstances until the committee
shall have had time to act.
ST. LOUIS ARSENAL.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No. 382,
to provide for the better organization of the pay
department of the Navy.
Mr. BROWN. If the Senator will permit me,
I should like to call up a local bill, which it will
not take more than a mon\ent to pass.
Mr. GRIMES. This is a general bill.
Mr. BROWN. Mine isaspecial bill to repeal
an old law in relation to the St. Louis arsenal,
and it is desirable it should b£ passed at once. 1
da not wish to interfere with general legislation,
but I do not think it will take more than a second
to pass the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. Very well. I withdraw my
motion for the present.
Mr. BROWN, i move to take up Senate bill
No, 402.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill (S. No.
402) to repeal an act entitled " An act to remove
the United States arsenal from the city of St.
Louis, and to provide for the sale of the lands on
which the same is located," w*\s read a second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. BROWN. I will simply state in expla-
nation of this bill that, prior to the breaking out of
the war, a law was passed at the instance of gen-
tlemen who thought their property was more in-
terested in getting rid of this arsenal than anything
else, and, perhaps from some other motives, au-
thorizing the sale of the ground and the removal of
this arsenal. The law, however, lias remained a
dead letter; but it conflicts with certain arrange-
ments and improvements that arc necessary there,
and I have been applied to by the officer in charge
of the ordnance department at that place to have
this law repealed, so that the arsenal may not be
embarrassed in its operations by it. The bill
meets with the unanimous concurrence of the
Committee on Military Affairs, and 1 presume
there will be no objection to Jt.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
PAY DEPARTMENT OF THE NAVY.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 382) to provide for the belter
organization of the pay depaitment of (he Navy.
The bill provides that, from and after its pas-
sage, the active list of the pay corps of the Navy
ftliall consist of one bundled paymasters, fifty
paused assistant paymasters, und fifty assistant
paymasters. Paymasters arc to be regularly pro-
moted and commissioned from passed assistant
paymasters,and passed assistantpaymasteis from
assistant paymasters, subject to such examina-
tions as are required by law and such as may be
established by the Secretary of the Navy.
The second section provides that passed assist-
ant paymasters shall give bonds for the faithful
performance of their duties in the sum of $15,000,
and that their annual pay shall be,at sea, $1,500;
on other duty, $1,400; on leave or waiting orders,
#1,100.
The third section provides that if any pay
officer, or any other officer,or ngent, or employe,
or servant connected with or in the employment
of the Navy Department at the time the offense
was committed shall have defrauded,orattempted,
"or been privy to any attempt to defraud the De-
partment in any manner whatever, he shall, upon
conviction before a naval court-martial, be fined
in any sum not exceeding $10,000, and be im-
prisoned in some penitentiary m the United States
not exceeding ten years.
The Committee on Naval Affairs reported the
bill with an amendment to strike out m section
three, line five, the words "orattempted," and
after the word "been" to insert the words " ac-
cessory or," and in line six to strike out the
words "attempt to defraud" and to insert "fraud
committed upon," so that the section will read:
ii That if nay pay officer, or any other officer or agent, or
employ^, or servant connected with or in the employment
of the Navy Department at the time the offense was com-
mitted, shall have defrauded or been accessory or privy to
any fraud committed upon said Department in any manner
whatever, he shall, upon conviction thereof," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. GRIMES. Though there does not seem
to be much attention paid to the bill, I think it is
my duty to explain it to the Senate.
In the first place, in regard to the duties of a
paymaster in the Navy, all those who are famil-
iar with the subject, 1 suppose, understand that
the duties are those which are performed in the
Army by the paymaster, the quartermaster, and
the commissary. He has charge of all the stores
of every description that are put on board ship,
and turns them out to the men, to the ward room,
and to the different messes as they may be re-
quired. He is required to draw for money if it
may be necessary in order to discharge the ex-
penses of the ship, or to pay the men or officers
their salaries, and to pay it over, and to keep his
regular accounts.
There are in the service to-day, or were on the
1st of the present month, one hundred paymasters
and assistant paymasters established, by law.
There were sixty-four paymasteis and thirty-six
assistant paymasters, and theie are three hun-
dred and ninety-six, or nearly four hundred act-
ing assistant paymasters. It is proposed by this
bill to enable the President, or the Secretary of
the Navy, to select out from among these four
hundred young men who are acting assistant pay-
masters one hundred of them who shall have best
exhibited their capacity for the proper discharge of
these duties, and attach them to the Navy proper
as assistant and passed assistant paymasters, anci
for this reason: it is not supposed that there will
be any time in the future when there will not be
required at least two hundred paymasters. If
we keep one hundred vessels in the service in
commission, we shall require about two hundred
paymasters, because we have established a rule
now for the employment of paymasters in vari-
ous places on shore. We have paymasters at
Portsmouth, New Hampshire, Boston, New
York, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Washington,
District of Columbia, Norfolk, Newborn, Bcau-
foit, North Caiolina, Port Royal, Key West,
Pcnsacola, New Oilcans, Cairo, Mare Island, and
Panama, New Grenada, which are naval depots
of provisions, clothing, and small stores, making
sixteen in all on shore. We then have a pay-
master at Macao, in China, one at'Callao, in
Peru, and one in the Potomac flotilla. When you
reserve uhe proper number of relays or reserves
to take tire place of paymasters when they come
home from a cruise you will not have, according
to the estimation of the Department, when you
have increased the number to two hundied, more
paymasters than will be necessary; certainly not
if you maintain your Navy at the standard of one
hundred vessels, while you have now got nearly
seven hundred.
The bill also creates a new grade, that of passed
assistant paymasters. The regulations and tho
law as it now stands require that every young
man who is appointed an assistant paymaster
shall undergo a thorough clerical examination, be-
sides bringing testimonialsas to his capacity and
moral qualities. After having served a certain
length of time, his returns to the Departmenthav-
ing shown to be correct, and his capacity being
guarantied by the exhibition which he has made
of himself, he is then to be sent before another
board of examination, just as our surgeons and
our engineers are now sent before boauls, and if
he passes that second examination, he is to be
made a passed assistant paymaster with the pay of
$1,500 and one ration, corresponding in rarikand
in title also with the passed assistant surgeon.
I believe that is the purport of the bill. I will
say that the bill has come to the Committee on
Naval Affairs with the approval of the Depart-
ment.
Mr. POMEROY. I wish to inquire of tho Sen-
ator from Iowa whether by this bill any reference
is had to the age of the assistant paymasters for
the acting assistant paymasters. The law now
provides that assistant paymasters shall be under
twenty-six, but acting assistant paymasters may
be of any age. In appointing assistant paymas-
ters from the list of acting assistant paymasters
under this bill as it is now framed, can the appoint-
ments be made from those who are over twenty-
six?
Mr. GRIMES. I do not understand that they
can. This bill is merely cumulative, and author-
izes the creation of a certain number more in the
rank of assistant paymasters, and creates the
grade of passed assistant paymasters.
Mr. POMEROY. The bill as it now stands
says they shall be "subject to such examinations
as are required by law and such as may be estab-
lished by the Secretary of the Navy." Thatmay
perhaps be a sufficient guard that they shall not
be over twenty-six years of age.
Mr. GRIMES. Do you mean the passed as-
sistant paymasters?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir.
Mr. GRIMES. When an assistant paymaster
goes into the Navy, he is required to be of a cer-
tain specificage. Tlnsbill does not specify what
the examinations of this officer shall be, for they
are already established by law; but then, after
speaking of the assistant paymasters, the bill
says:
And*parsed assistant paymasters from assistant pay-
master, subject to such examination-? as are lequited by
law and &ueh as may be established by the Secietaiyof
the Navy.
It is not possible for us to establish the age for
passed assistant paymasters, and for this reason:
we may have our grade full to-day, and peace be
declared to-morrow. If so, promotion will be
exceedingly slow in those grades, and the man
now at the foot of the list as an assistant pay-
master may be forty-five years old before he be-
comes a passed assistant paymaster. Hence it
is not practicable for us to establish any age that
the passed assistant paymaster shall attain at tho
time he is appointed.
Mr. POMEROY. I merely wanted to have
the bill so guarded that the assistant paymasters,
noUthc passed assistant paymasters, shall come
within the law, that they shall not be over twenty-
six years of age.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to call the atten-
tion "bf the chairman of tho Committee on Naval
Affairs to the third section of this bill, which pro-
vides:
That if any pay officer, or any other officer, or agent, or
employe, or servant connected with or in the cmploj merit
of the Navy Department at the tune the oflensc was com-
mitted, shall have demanded or been acce^aty or pnvy to
any ftuud committed upon said Depaitment in any manner
whatever, he shall, upon conviction thereof beloit n naval
court-martial, be lined m any sum nor exceeding $10,000,
and be impiisoned in some penitentiary in the United
States not exceeding ten years.
I submit to the Senator from Iowa whether it
is competent to do that. That would be punish-
ing for a past offense. Ought nor the language to
be changed ? The words, " shall have defrauded
or been accessary or privy to any fraud com-
mitted upon said Department," would punish an
act committed befoie the passage of this bill. The
bill as it stands would, if passed, be an ex post fuclo
law. If it meets the approbation of the Senator,
I suggest that the word " have" be stricken out,
and "defrauded"changed to " defiaud,"and the
word " was" altered to " is." I make that mo-
tion, to strike out the word " was" in the fourth
line, and in lieu of it to insert the word "is;"
to strike out the word " have" at the end of tho
fourth line, and change the word " defrauded"
to " defraud," and the word " been" in the fifth
line to " be;" and nfter the word " fiautl" in the
sixth line, to insert the word " hereafter;"so that
the section will read if amended as I propose:
That if any pay officer, or any other olficei, or a^ent, or
employe, or ^eivant connected with oi in the eniplujment
of the Navy Department at tho time the offense t- com-
mitted, shall detiaud oi be accessary ot pnvy to any fraud
hereaiter commuted upon said Dep.utment in any man-
1 ner whatever, he s-hall, upon conviction thereof, &c.
These alterations will only make the bill pros-
pective instead of retiospeciive.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not think there is
any objection to the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Illinois. The construction then of
this section would be what it would be in its pres-
ent phraseology. I do not think the amendment
proposed will change the construction of the sec-
tion, but perhaps it will makeitalittle clearer. I
have no objection to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL.- If I understand the sec-
tion as it now stands, it is in the past tense, that
if any officer "shall have defrauded" the Gov-
