1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
863
ernment ho shall be liable to punishment. As I
propose, it will read, "if any person shall de-
fraud or be accessary or privy to any fraud com-
mitted upon said Department, he shall be pun-
ished." If* the amendment I suggest does not
accomplish the abject, I think it should be fur-
ther amended. It now clearly provides for the
punishment of an offense heretofore committed,
and would be manifestly unconstitutional.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Illinois.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I confess that for one I do not
see the necessity for this bill. When this war
commenced we had no paymasters. They were
then called pursers. I do not remember the pre-
cise number of them; I believe we had some-
where about sixty. Soon after the war com-
menced, we increased the corps from sixty to one
hundred, but we increased it, I think, by making
an addition of a new grade, to wit, assistant pay-
masters. That made them one hundred in num-
ber, and they have remained at that number from
that day to this, This bill proposes to increase
that number one hundred percent.more. In the
first place we made an addition of about fifty per
cent., increasing the number to one hundred; and
we now propose to make it one hundred per cent,
more. And let it be remembered thatthispropo-
sition increases the assistant paymasters sixteen,
and makes an additional corps of fifty new officers,
atan annual compensation which is named in the
bill, and these arc to be put upon the Navy as a
permanent addition. 1 suppose there is no man
who hopes, or expects, whatever may be the con-
dition of the country after the war is over, that
the number of these officers will ever be lessened
if they are now attached permanently to the Navy.
It seems to me that it is the pait of wisdom not,
under the pressure of a great emergency like that
which we are now in, to make such a permanent
increase as this to the officers of this particular
branch of the naval service.
The chairman of the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs spoke of what was now required of paymas-
ters in the Navy. According to my judgment a
good many of the duties that are imposed upon
them have been imposed by regulation and not by
law; and the tendency of the action of tiie Naval
Department is to increase the number and the
scope of the subjects over which these officers
have exclusive control. I do not know that I am
correct in the matter, but 1 have been informed
that the Navy Drpaitment within the past year
have suspended several Navy agents from their
places upon alhgationa of fiaud, and have con-
ferred their duties upon paymasters in the Navy.
I believe that was the case at the navy-yard at
Brooklyn and also at the navy-yard at Philadel-
phia. The Navy agents thcic were removed upon
the ground of fraud, arid their duties conferred
upon these paymasters, who are now in the exer-
cise of those duties.
However that may be, whether it is so or not,
here is an addition of one hundred per cent.,
doubling this corps of officers which we have al-
ready increased fifty per cent, since the war com-
menced, and we are to fasten them upon the Navy
for all time. I am not a conveit to the docuine
that the way to put down this rebellion is to in-
crease these officers and increase their compensa-
tion. I think it would be wise to wait before such
an addition as this is made until this war is over,
when there will ho a leviwion and reduction both
of the naval and land forces, and we can then fix
a permanent peacc establishment, it will be much
more difficult to get rid of any officers than it is
to put them in.
In addition to that, where is the necessity for
this measure? The Secretary of the Navy now
has an unlimited power of creating acting assist-
ant paymastei s just exactly to any extent that he
thinks,the public service requires, and he exor-
cises itwithaliberal hand. As he has thispower,
and the public service cannot suffer, where is the
necessity at this time of creating this additional
corps of officers, who will be fastened upon us
forever? In my judgment it would be unwise and
injudicious, and therefore I shall vote against the
bill.
Mr. GRIMES. In answer to the last inquiry
of the Senator from New Hampshire, as to the
necessity for this measure, I will read the reply
of the chief of the bureau:
" Forty-five acting assistant paymasters resigned during
the last year, and many other reH'gnation&are on file winch
cannot propeily be accepted until the officers shall have re-
turned and rendered their account", as It is difficult and
embarrassing to detach a paymaster while on a cruise.
Many of these were excellent officers, who might have been
retained, though their pay was small, ($1,300,) had theie
been a reasonable expectation of obtainingperuianeM posi-
tions in the service."
It is true, as has been stated by the Senator,
that various duties have been assigned to pay-
masters by regulation. As an example* it was
not until the commencement of the present war
that this country has ever had fleets. We had
squadrons in foreign service, but we never had
any of these large squadrons, and never operated
in that capacity. It has been found expedient by
the Navy Department to establish fleet paymas-
ters. The purpose m appointing fleet paymas-
ters is this: that there may be some man in each
fleet to look after the service in that department,
and see that nil the pay mastersproperly discharge
their duties, and make regular, monthly reports
to the Department here. If there is any paymas-
ter who does not properly turn over to the men
the rations required, does not see that they reg-
ularly receive their <pay, or does not keep his
books in proper order, it is the business of the
fleet paymaster to supersede him, and send him
home.
Mr. HALE. That is already provided for by
law.
Mr. GRIMES. That is a new class of officers
that has been created since the war began when
we had only sixty paymasters, as has been said
by the Senator from New Hampshire. I have
here a list of officers who arc required to be taken
from the number of paymasters:
" One ehiefof bureau; six fleet payinasteis for the North
and South Atlantic, the Ea-t and West Gulf, the Missis-
sippi, and I'cU'iiie --quadion--; mi m-peruns m charge of
pioviMons and clothing at Boston, New Yoik, Philadel-
phia, Not folk, and Can o ; two superintendents of bread and
tlout at Boston and New York; one p.i) master at M«irc
Island; two paymaster at Cairo lur the btation and re-
ceiving s-hip."
Making eighteen in all, in addition to those that
I named when 1 was up before. 1 do not under-
stand that anybody says it is not necessary that
these paymasters should be assigned to this par-
ticular duty at these stations. 1 do not under-
stand that anybody says it iu not veiy essential
that wc should have these inspectors of provis-
ions and clothing at these various yards, in con-
sequence of having Kept up thin oiganizatton I
am liee to say—1 think I say it with tmth—that
there has been no buicau of this Government
where there has been so much money passed
thiough it that has been so admuably managed
.and so accuiately as the bureau of provisions
and clothing. Fiotn the commencement of tins
war down to the present moment I have not heard
a single complaint ageiiust it; and I apprehend it
is in pait because of" the oigamzation that has
been made m it by the selection of the proper men
for these vai ions offices of inspectors and paymas-
ter at these particular depotsand by the selection
jj of proper men as fleet pay mastei s to supervise all
j! the suboidinate acting paymasters that were
: within their particular jiui^Jiction, seeing that
: each one of them performed his duty.
I It will be observed that of the one hundied pay-
j masters now authorized by law under your pres-
ent oigauizatioiij some twenty five or thirty of
; them rue used in this way. Is it probable that
!: we shall reduce our Navy below one hunched
vessels5 Is it probable that we are going to do
,j it very speedily ? If it is ptobable, if you propose
■ I to do it,do you not think it is advisable to hold
i' out this inducement to these young men who are
jj now in the scmoc, and who are resigning, as we
|j aie told by the chief of the buieau, because the
'i inducernent of a permanent position is not held
!! out to them, and when the war is over, if we have
■ ; too many, we can then get rid of those who are
j most incompetent.
Mr. HALE. I agree to everything that the
!| Senator has said about the administration of the
li bureau of provisions and clothing, and I think
i one great reason,and a very impoi tantand prom-
;! inentrea&on, is,because there is at the head of that
li bureau an honest—audi want to speak that with
'j all the emphosis thytean be imagined—an honest,
j| vigilant) and faithful man. I believe that; and I
believe that he attends to his duties. If there
has been under the present machinery and ad-
ministration of the office no fault found, not a
word of complaint, as the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs says, from any quarter,
and there being no possible place in any Govern-
ment where so much money has been distributed
and none Jost, it seems to me the urgency of the
case cannot bo so great as that we are required to
multiply these officers one hundred fold at the
present time, when the Department have linlim-
lted power to appoint just as many acting assist-
ant paymasters as they.please.
Mr. President, it is a bad time to make these
permanentadditions to the Navy. The chairman
of the Committee on Finance says they want all
the money they can get. We have refused to in-
crease, perhaps not the number, but the compen-
sation of consuls who are constantly complainings
If this branch of the service has had resignations
I do not know whether they are peculiar or not;
but I should like to have the Secretary of the
Navy, or whoever urges this bill, tell us what is
the list of applicants well vouched for for business
capacity ami integrity for appointments to this
veiy class of assistant paymasters. I happen to
know something about how it was some time ago.
There were men who had every qualification, so
far as they could show it by recommendations,
for the place, whose names were not reached for
consideration for more than a year after they were
put on the list; and I apprehend it is so to-day.
But, sir, I do not know that 1 can do any good
or any hurt by talking about this bill. I have a
duty to perform to myself, and I have done it in
expressing the objection I entertain to this bill.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. HALE. I a«k for the yeas and naya on
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken resulted—yeas 27, nays 4; as follows:
YKAS—Messrs. Anthony,Carhlo,C!aik, Conness,Cow-
an, Dixon, Foot,Fostei,Giones, Iiaiian, Hairis, Hendricks,
Howe, Lunc ot Indiana, !YIor?an, Morrill, Ne^innh, P«m-
oroy, Powell, Riddle, Sbeiman, Hpraaue, Sumner, Ten
Evek,Tiumbuii, Van Winkle, and VViiley—27.
NAY;>—Messrs. Buckulevv, Davis, Far well, and Hale—4,
Ah^lhVf—Mesjsrf* Brown. Chandler, Coli.irner, Doo-
1 iltl<\ Harding. Henderson, II leks, Howard, Johnson, Lane
of Kansas, Mcl>ou«<ill, Ramsey, Itichardrfon, Saulsbury,
Wade, Wilkinson, Wilson, and Wright—18.
So the bill was passed.
RETALIATION ON REBEL PRISONERS.
Mr. WADE. I move to take up Senate res-
olution No. 97.
Mr. .SUMNER. What is it about?
Mr. WADE. About retaliation.
Mr. SUMNER. I would not go on with that
to-day.
Mr. WADE. You would if you were in prison.
[Laughter.]
The motion was agreed to; and the joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 97) advising retaliation for the
cruel treatment of prisoners by the insurgents
was read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
As it lias come to the knowledge of Congress
thatgreat numbers of our soldiers who have fallen
as pUKoners of war into the hands of the insur-
gents have been subjected to treatment unex-
ampled for cruelty in'the history of civilized war,
and finding Us parallels only in the conduct of
savage tribes; a treatment resulting in the death
of multitudes by the slow but designed process
of starvation and by mortal diseases occasioiud
by insufficient and unhealthy food by wanton
exposure of their persons to the inclemency of the
weather, and by deliberate assassination of inno-
cent and unoffending men, and the murderin cold
blood of prisoners after surrender; and as a con-
tinuance of these barbarities, in contempt of the
laws of warand in disregard of the remonstrances
of the national authorities, has presented the al-
ternative of sulTei ing our brave soldiers thus to be
destroyed, or to apply the principle of retaliation
for their protection; the resolution declares that,
in the judgmentof Congress,it has become justi-
fiable and necessary that the President should, in
order to prevent the continuance and recurrence
of such barbarities, and to insure the observance
by the insurgents of the laws of civilized war, re-
sort at once to measures of retaliation; that m the
opinion of Congress such retaliation ought to be
