1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1129
just here, and that is in relation to this people's
government of Louisiana. If I am out of order
in doing so, the Chair will remind me of my duty
in that respect.
The VICE PRESIDENT. In the opinion of
the Chair it is not in order to discuss the Louisi-
ana question on this motion.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I do not mean to discuss
that question, but simply to suggest the point I
wish to make in voting for the motion of the Sen-
ator from Ohio, and against the consideration of
the measure suggested by the Senator from Illi-
nois. I hold in my possession a paper indicating
the names of the members of the Legislature of
this State that we are called upon to recognize;
and it shows that twenty-five, or twenty-seven,
or thirty of those gentlemen who now constitute
that Legislature, are office-holders under this Gov-
ernment or the government of the State, which
is the same thing.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I remember
last summer that good fortune threw me m the
path of a distinguished gentleman just returned
from Louisiana. I think he had been present at
the sittings of the convention whose work finds
such an advocate in my friend from Illinois; at
any rate he had been in New Orleans at the time
in the discharge of important public duties. In
reply to an inquiry with regard to that conven-
tion, he said compendiously, that it was " noth-
ing but a stupendous hoax"—yes, sir, nothing
but a stupendous hoax, and the product of that
convention 
Mr. SHERMAN. I must again rise to a point
of order, and 1 do it against the honorable Sena-
tor from Massachusetts, who is one of the oldest
Senators here. We must ccrtainly enforce the
rules of order, and a question of this kind is not
debatable to the latitude to which the discussion
has gone.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The practiceof the
Senate is one way and parliamentary law is the
other.
Mr. SHERMAN. I insist on the parliament-
ary law.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The parliamentary
law does not allow the merits of a question to be
discussed on a question of the puority of busi-
ness. That is undoubtedly the parliamentary
law; but the practice of the Senate is the other
way. The Chair if called upon to decide must
rule according to the law.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts will understand the Chair that he
is not at liberty to discuss the merits of either bill
upon the question of proceeding to the consider-
ation of one. That is the parliamentary law.
Mr. SUMNER. Ajid yet I presume that I
may allude in a general way to the character of
the measures that are in question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
so, because that may be a reason why the meas-
ure proposed to be taken up should be proceeded
•with or not.
Mr. SUMNER. I knew the Chair must think
so; and it was only in that way that I was speak-
ing when I was interrupted by my friend from
Ohio. I was quoting what was said to me by a
distinguished citizen with regard to the conven-
tion which produced—1—
Mr. JOHNSON. "Will the member be kind
onongh to tell, if he is at liberty to tell, who the
distinguished citizen is that said it was all a hum-
bug?
Mr. SUMNER. He did not call it.humbug.
He called it a stupendous hoax.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President 
Mr. SUMNER. I believe I have the floor.
Mr. GRIMES. I only wish to make a sug-
gestion to the Senator from Maryland. If he is
anxious to obtain the names of those who were
in New Orleans when the convention was held
and who do entertain the opinion stated by the
Senator from Massachusetts, I can furnish him
with a large number, and I will say furthermore
in this connection that if the Senate will give a
committee 1 will undertake to prove and I will
prove tliat the voters whose votes were polled in
the outlying parishes at Thibodeaux and Plaque-
mines, and other places, were carried in Army
transports to those places where they polled the
votes, being discharged soldiers and persons be-
longing in New Orleans, and were brought back
to New Orleans, and were not residents of the
places where they purported to vote.
Mr. SUMNER. I doubt not that my friend
from Iowa is right, but I understand that it is not
proper to discuss the merits of the proposition on
this preliminary motion, and I do not design to
discuss it. I was simply characterizing it, and I
was going on to say that in my opinion the prop-
osition which the Senator from Illinois is so ear-
nestly pressing upon the Senate, when we consider
its origin and character, is in itself very little dif-
ferent from a stupendous hoax. I say nothing
about the convention, for I was not there. I did
not see it. On that point I simply cite the testi-
mony of another. But the proposition of the
Senator is before us, and we are familiar with its
nature. Every moment gives us new glimpses
of the violence and fraud with which it is asso-
ciated. Perhaps this expression I have quoted is
hardly grave enough in speaking of such a prop-
osition, where military power and injustice to a
whole race have been enlisted in forming the con-
stitution of a State, in defiance of the self-evident
truths of the Declaration of Independence. The
United States are bound by the Constitution "to
guaranty to every State a republican form of
government." Now, when called to perform this
guarantee it is proposed to recognize an oligarchy
of the skin. The pretended State governmentin
Louisiana is utterly indefensible whether you
look at its origin or its character. To describe it,
I must use plain language. It is a mere seven-
months' abortion, begotten by the bayonet in
criminal conjunction with the spirit of caste, and
born before its time, rickety, unformed, unfin-
ished—whose continued existence will be a bur-
den, a reproach, and a wrong. That is the whole
case; and yet the Senator from Illinois now
presses it upon the Senate at this moment to the
exclusion of the important public business of the
country. For instance 
Mr. SHERMAN. Now I must insist on the
order of the Senate being enforced or abandoning
my motion at once and withdrawing it. If Sen-
ators are determined to discuss the proposition
I shall withdraw the motion.
Mr. TRUM BULL. Let it be withdrawn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chairthinks
this range of debate is out of order.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.
Mr. SHERMAN. Senators must see now that
to take up this controverted question, in the face of
the statements made here, is to exhaust the ex-
piring hours of this session on a controversy in
which the members of our own political party are
divided. I appeal to the Senate to dispose of that
which is indispensable to be disposed of, and then
if we have any time to talk afterward I am per-
fectly willing to hear all that can be said about
Louisiana.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. TRUMBULL called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. HENDERSON. Before the vote is taken
I desire to say that I feel a deep interest in regard
to the State governments of Arkansas and Lou-
isiana, and 1 should like very much to see those
States recognized and the members representing
them admitted; but as a member of the Commit-
tee on Finance, I know the importance of taking
up the measure referred to by the Senator from
Ohio, and I shall therefore vote for his motion.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 34, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Buckalew, Carlile,
OtiaiiilliT.CI.il k, Coilamer. Conner, Cow an, Davis, Dixon,
Farwell, Fo.-lci, Grime.-,, Italian, Henderson, Hendricks,
Howard, Howe, Joinwni, Mor:;.m, .'Imtill, Nyf, Powell,
Riddle, HauMniry, Sherman, Spr.ignp, Stewart, Simmer,
Wade, W'llkmsoii, Wilson, iuid Wnglit—34.
NAYS —Messis Donhttlfi, Il.irns, Lane of Indiana,
Laneot' Kansas, McDinigall, Nesmitli, Fomcroy,Itamsey,
TenEyck, Trumbull, Van Winkle, and VVilley—12.
ABSENT—Messrs. Foot, Hale, Harding, and Richard-
son—4.
So the motion was agreed to.
ARMY APPROPRIATION* BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, before going on with
the tax bill, I move to take up the action of the
House of Representatives upon the amendments
of the Senate to the bill (H. R.No.683) making
appropriations for the support of the Army for
the year ending the 30th of June, 18C6.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. SHERMAN it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amendment* to
the said biU, disagreed to by the House of Representatives,
disagree to the amendment of the House to tbe sixth
amendment of the Senate thereto, and ask a conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses lheieon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the Senate be
appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Cowan, Mr. Wilson, and Mr. Carlile.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN, from tbe committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (H. R. No. 676) making appropria-
tions for the naval service for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1866, submitted the following
report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the amendments to the bill (H. R. No.
G76) making appioprintion^ for the naval service for the
year ending 30ih of June, 1866, having met, after full and
free conference have agreed to recommend, and do recom-
mend, to their respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede trom their second and twenty-
fourth amendments.
That the Ilouse reccde from their disagreement to the
eighteenth amendment of the Senate and agree to the^aiue
with the following amendment: in lieu of the word* stricken
out by said Senate amendment insert the following: " Sec.
2. And be it further enacted, That no midshipman shall be
appointed for any district not represented iu Cougicss."
That the Senate recede fiom their disagreement to the
amendments of the House to the third, sixth, twenty-first,
and twenty-second amendments of the Scuate, and agree
to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
seventeenth amendment ot the Senate, and agree to the
,same with an amendment, as follows: strike out 44 one
million" and nwjit in lieu theieof ilie woids " five bun-
dled thousand," and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
twenty-third amendment of tlK1 Senate and agree to the
same, with au amendment, as follows: after the woid
'• bunting," in line thirteen of said amendment insert the
woids "of American manuf.ictiue."
JOHN SHERMAN,
JAMES VV. GRIMES,
THOMAS A. HENDRICKS,
Managers on the-pail of the Senate,
JUSTIN S. MORRILL,
F. A. VIIvE,
SAMUEL S. COX,
Managers on the pent oj the House.
The report was agreed to.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented the fol-
lowing report, made by Mr. Howe on Saturday
last:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the full (II. U. No. 6:21) making ap-
propriations for the support ol the Military Academy for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1866, having met, after full
and flee eonlerenee have agieed to recommend, and do
recommend, to their respective Houses as follows :
That the House of Representatives i ocede trom their dis-
agreement to the fiist amendment, of the Senate, and agiee
lu the same.
That the Senate reccde from the second amendment.
T. O. HOWE.
THOMAS A. HENDRICKS.
Managers on She pai t of tli.e Senate.
J. G. BLAINE,
11. MALLOItY,
a. S. ORTU,
Managers on the part of the House,
The report was agreed to.
BILLS "BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicola-t, his Secretary, an-
nounced that the President had approved and
signed the following bills and joint resolutions:
A bill (S. No. 37) to prevent officers of the
Army and Navy, and other persons engaged in
the military and naval service of the United States,
from interfering in elections in the States;
A bill (S. No. 347) for the relief of Rebecca S.
Harrison;
A bill (S. No. 393) to authorize the corpora-
tion of Georgetown to levy certain taxes;
"A bill (S. No. 439) to change the name of
Dorsey Edwin William Towson, of Georgetown,
in the District of Columbia, to that of Dorsey
Edwin William Carter;
A bill (S. No. 454) supplemental to an act en-
titled "An acttoannexa part of the State ofNew
Jersey to the collection district ofNew York, and
to appoint an assistant collector to reside at Jersey
City," approved February 21, 1863; and
A joint resolution (8. R.Nio. 112) for the relief
of James B. Royce.
PROPOSALS FOR TRANSPORTATION.
Mr. POMEROY submitted the following reso-
