1130
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Hesolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to
furmsh tim Senate wuii an abstract of the proposals for
transporting inilitirv supplies from Fort Leavenworth,
westward, opened December Si, 1854, by Captain Henry
C. MoiJges m pursuance of pubtiMied notice thereof, together
wsffj aft communication* received by the Seeretniy of War
or duarteima-ter General relating thereto, and iheir opin-
ions or decision thereon.
J. AND 0. P. COBB AND COMPANY.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the Senate disagreed to the amend-
ment of the Committee on Claims to the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 80) for the adjustment of
the claim of J. & 0. P. Cobb & Co., of Indiana.
The Y1CE PRESIDENT. The motion will
be entered.
enrolled bill signed.
A message from the House of Representatives)
by Mr. McPherson-, its Clerk, announced that
the Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
bill (H. R. No. 688) making appropriations for
the construction, prcsui vation, and repairs of cer-
tain fortifications and other works of defense for
the year ending the 3Uth of June, 1866; and it was
signed by the Vice President.
KECESS.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, it was ordered
that to-day,at four and a haif o'clock, the Seriate
wili take a recrss till seven o'clock p. m.
.Mr. SHERMAN*. To avoid the repetition of
the oider, I move that hereafter during the pres-
ent' session the Senate take a recess every day
from four and a half till seven o'clock p.m.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. 1 move that on and after to-
morrow the Senate meet daily at eleven o'clock
a. m.
Mr. TR.UMBULL. I hope not. We cannot
do our committee business and meet at eleven
o'clock and have a nurht session besides.
Mr. WILSON. We have a great deal to do.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I know we have; but we
| must attend to committee business,
j Mr. WiLSON. I withdraw the motion.
[ IISTEUNAL KEVENUE.
Mr. DAVIS. Is not the tax bill now before
the Senate ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the. chair.) The bill (H. 11. No. 744) to amend
an act entitled "An act to provide internal reve-
nue to support the Government, to pay interest
on the public debt, and for other purposes," ap-
proved June 30, 186*4, is now before the Senate
as m Committee of the Whole. To save -time,
as the amendments of the committee are reached
in the reading ot the bill by the Secretary each
will be acted on in order.
Mr. DAVIS. Before the bill is read I move
to postpone it indefinitely, and upon that motion
I ptopo&e at this time to give my views generally
against fh<* hill.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thp question
is on the motion of the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, .the amount of
our public debt, and the rapidity of its growth, is
the wonder of the world. The number of men
who have been mustered into this war, and the
number who have been mustered out of it by
death, in some form, and the burden of taxation
winch it has brought upon the people, have no
parallel m all history; and still the cormorant of
this war cries aloud for more men, more money,
more taxes 1
1 deny that the people owe to the Government
the last man and the last doltor, or anything-; on
coutiary, all that is owing between them is by
the Government to the people. Our Government
was made by the people themselves, and for them-
selves. It was made to secure to all life, liberty,
property, and the pursuit of happiness, and not
to aggrandize the Govemment or the governors.
1 he great ann of its creation was to achieve free-
dom, not empire; to protect all, to oppress none,
it was oigatnzed by a fundamental law,a written
Constitution, which delegates to it all its powers >
by plain ku.^ua^e, and then not only impliedly, |
but expressly, in the simplest words, withholds 1
to the people and the States respectively ail the
powers which it had not delegated to the Govern- ;
incut. 1 he Constitution is the great power of
attorney from the people to their governors, by I
February 27,
which and within which their agents, the govern-
ors, act for them. If the agents transcend their
powers, such acts impose no obligations, legal
or moral, on the principal, the people. Their
power of attorney is published to and read by the
world,all its delegations and restrictions of power
are universally known, and the rule of law that
the acts of the agent outside of his power are
void, exists not only in our Constitution and
the operations of our Government, but is recog-
nized by every civilized nation in all their affairs.
The people of the United States are not bound to
furnish men or money to their Government to
prosecute any unconstitutional military enter-
prise, or to execute any unconstitutional policy,
or to do any unconstitutional act whatever; and
if by the enforcement of usurped powers the
Government lias contracted debts, the people are
under no obligation to pay those debts. All
money borrowed, debts in any mode created by
the Federal Government to destroy State govern-
ments and institutions, to subvert the liberties of
the people, and to despoil them of their property,
were without authority; and those who gave their
services, their money, and property, to such un-
constitutional purposes acted in their own wrong,
and must take the consequences. But the Gov-
ernment had the right, and it was bound to sup-
press^ the insurrection by the exercise of all its
constitutional powers; and such portion of the
public debt as was created for that object, by the
use of constitutional means, was properly in-
curred, and ought to be paid. The people may
apportion the debt between what was rightfully
and what was wrongfully created; the former
they will pay, the latter they will not pay. They
will not repudiate their own debt, they will de-
cide in accordance with truth, principle,and jus-
tice, that debts created by their agents without
their authority are not their debts, and that they
will not pay them.
In the light of these principles, I will give a
rapid resume of the administration of the Govern-
ment, and particularly in the State of Kentucky,
for the last three years, to afford some means for
forming a general idea what portion of the pub-
lic debt lias been created to effect unconstitutional
purposes, and therefore should not be paid, nor
any tax be imposed to pay it, or interest upon it.
The military administration in Kentucky has
been a tissue of tiie most shocking abuses of
power, and requires a thorough and searching
investigation by a select committee of the two
Houses of Congress; and I will proceed to state
some of the facts upon which I base this asser-
tion. During the last three years there has been
no general election in that State in which military
officers of the United States have not interfered
in manifold and Sagitious modes—by intimidating
the election officers to strike the names of candi-
dates to whom they objected from the poll-books;
by prescribing oaths to voters essentially different
from those provided by law, and requiring them
to be taken as the condition of voting; by forcing
qualified and loyal voters from the polls by armed
soldiers, unless they would vote for particular
candidates; by forcibly seizing upon and destroy-
ing the poll-books, and imprisoning or driving
the officers from the places of holding elections;
and by arrays of soldiers, and threats and acts of
violence generally.
Early in that period wrong and outrage weft
visited upon the people of Kentucky in those and
many other forms by a soldiery and their com-
manders whose duty it was to uphold them in the
possession and enjoyment of all their rights and
liberties; and during the latter part of it, in num-
ber, diversity, and enormity, those wrongs and
outrages were greatly augmented. Throughout
the past year, in defiance ot an arrangement made
by the Governor of Kentucky with the President
and Secretary of War, that slaves of that Slate
should be taken into the military service of the
United States only by being regularly enrolled
and drafted, or by the agreement of both master
and slave, and as fast as mustered in should be
taken out of the State to camps of instruction,
recruiting officers to enlist negroes were sent with
genera 1 license Into the slave hold nig counties, and
their proceedings were of the most violent and
disordetly character. These officers were numer-
ous, and all from other Slates or foreign countries.
They generally had neither the intelligence nor
disposition to exercise those powers with any
propriety ; on the contrary, they acted as though
their business was not only to recruit slaves, but
especially to insult and outrage their owneis and
families, and to do everything possible to demor-
alize slavpry in the State. Enrolling was early
discontinued; the recruiting officers spread over
the country, under promises from superiors that
when they raised a company they should have
a captain's commission, and after getting two or
three slaves to join them would sweep liom farm
to farm, making their recruits the effective agents
of their work, and invading every household,
workshop, 01 field, that promised further acces-
sions, and beguiling, constraining, and forcibly
dragging away the great mass of men slaves,
without any regard to the remonstrance of own-
ers, or the nature of Iheir employment. It often
happened that the drivers of wagons, and other
vehicles,in towns, villages,and on the highways,
were seized and forced away by these roving ie-
cruiting parties, and the property with which they
were charged left without protection. The own-
ers'exigencies for labor were never regarded, but
whatever might be the urgency of their present de-
mands, all men and halt-grown boys weie taken
when any allurements, or false promises, or
threats could wring Irom them a seeming consent,
and in many instances by positive force. Largo
portions of the State were thus rifled of their most
effective labor, and the consequence was mechan-
ical orders were left unexecuted, fields unculti-
vated, and crops ungathered,causing a heavy loss
to the State and ruin to many persons.
If there had been a regular enrollment of the
slave military population of Kentucky, and only
its fair quota taken into the service, more than
half of this lost labor might have been saved to
the State, and most of the great loss averted.
But not only slave men of militai y age, but many
who were over age, who were physically in-
competent, who were under age, as low as ten
and twelve years; young women dressed in male
attire, and women and children, were carried off
by these marauders. Some recruiting agents en-
tered largely into the substitute trade, selling their
negro recruits to provost marshals and other mili-
tary officers, who again sold these living chattels
as substitutes, both in and out of the State, mak-
ing enormous profits. One provost marshal in
Covington was said thus to iiave acquired and
disposed of about eighty of these negro recruits
beyond the number for which he accounted. Our
Governor and some of our local military officers
have been engaged in ferreting out all the negio
recruits from Kentucky, as far as practicable;
and I am informed they are having success to an
extent that will demonstrate an enormous swindle
of the Government by some of its military offi-
cers. They report to me, more than eight hun-
dred negroes recruited from my county, and only
two hundred and five credited to it.
These prowling bands of negroes, sometimes
with white officers more vicious and degraded
than themselves, and often without any while
man, moved actively over the country, fioin house
to house, with musket and bayonet, indulging in
disorderly excesses, extorting whisky with pre-
sented arms, forcing white men, by threats of
violence, to drink and tip glasses with them, and
defenseless women to cook for and wait upon
them at table, and shouting at and insulting white
persons of both sexes who were traveling the
highways saying nothing and offering them no
insult. For these and other breaches of military-
discipline and the Articles of War, their superior
officers ought to have had them and their imme-
diate commanders arraigned before a court-mar-
tial, and some of the must guilty executed as an
example to the others. But those officers were
so perverted by base objects as to give a license
to such revolting disorders; and those who com-
mitted them soon learned that not reprobation and
punishment, but immunity and reward, awaited
them for any assault upon slave property and
every outrage upon its owners.
Last spring and summer, in a large portion of
the State, many of its best citizens were pounced
upon by military squads, and arrested without
warrant, or charge, or pretext, or explanation;
and it could not have been otherwise, because
they had committed no crime, no offense, except
to oppose the policy and measures of the party
in power. The judgment of the nation would yet
blast a party which would avow a difference of
