364
THE CONGRESSIONAL 'GLOBE.
January 23,
inflicted upon the insurgent officers now in our
hands, or hereafter to fall into our hands as pris-
oners; that such officers ought to be subjected to
like treatment practiced toward our officers or
soldiers in the hands of the insurgents, in respect
to quantity and quality of food, clothing, fuel,
medicine, medical attendance, personal exposure,
or other mode of dealing with them; that with a
view to the same ends, the insurgent prisoners in
eur hands ought to be placed under the control
and in the keeping of officers and men who have
themselves been prisoners in the hands of the in-
surgents, and have thus acquired a knowledge of
their mode of treating Union prisoners; that ex-
plicit instructions ought to be given to the forces
having the charge of such insurgent prisoners, re-
quiring them to carry out strictly and piomptly
the principles of this resolution in every case,
* until the President, having received satisfactory
information of the abandonment by the insurgents
of such barbarous practices, shall revoke or mod-
ify those instructions. Congress do not, how-
ever, intend by this resolution to limit or restrict
the power of the President to the modes or prin-
ciples of retaliation herein mentioned, but only to
advise a resort to them as demanded by the oc-
casion.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think it was the inten-
tion of the Senator from Maryland [Mr. John-
son] to discuss this resolution. I am not sure
about that, hut I kpow he was looking into the
question, and I should myself desire very much
to hear his views and reasons on the subject. lie
is not in his seat to-day. I suppose he is neces-
sarily detained from the Senate. I move that the
further consideration of the resolution be post-
poned until to-morrow.
Mr. WADE. Did I understand the Senator
from Indiana to say that the Senator from Mary-
land was anxious to debate this subject?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I said I thought it was
the intention of the Senator from Maryland to
discuss it. The Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Powell] informs me that he heard him say so.
This is an important subject. We all listen to
that Senator with a great deal of interest, and
myself with profit, and I should like to hear him
on this subject. 1 therefore move the postpone-
ment, as I have suggested, until to-moriow.
Mr. WADE. I shall not resist the postpone-
ment until to-morrow on the suggestion that a
Senator is anxious to debate this subject; and
yet I feel that if the gentlemen who wish to de-
bate it were in the condition of many of our pris-
oners, they would not want to hear long speeches
on the subject, but they would want us to act at
once. I feci that I am not really doing my duty
when I agree to let it stand over until to-morrow,
but I do it with the understanding that I shall
press it at the very earliest opportunity.
Mr. HENDRICKS. One suggestion made by
the Senator from Ohio perhaps demands a reply
fiom me. Sir, 1 made a usual motion to accom-
modate a very distinguished member of this body,
to accommodate myself in hearing him upon the
question. A motion to postpone was not an un-
usual one, and did not call for debate except so
far as 1 have suggested the reason. If the reason
was not sufficient, then the Senator from Ohio
ought to have objected to the postponement. If
the reason was sufficient, then as a matter in the
course of business in the Senate a postponement
ought to take place.
The Senator saw fit to say that the Senator ask-
ing this postponement, if he wore in the condition
of some of our prisoners would notask it, thereby
implying perhaps that I did not feel that sympa-
thy tor the prisoners that I should feel. Perhaps,
sir, there is no member of this body who feels
more sensitively upon that subject tluit I do my-
self. I have a brother now in a southern prison
who has been there since the 5th day of June last.
The personal relation perhaps of no Senator to
this subject can make him more sensitive than 1
am; but I am very free to say, without fully ex-
amining this subject, that the remedy for their
unfortunate condition suggested by the Senator
from Ohio in this joint resolution is not such a
one as I had hoped to see come from him, and
especially from the Administration. 1 think there
is another remedy, and that is the exchange of
our prisoners. We have neaily two to their one.
I believe it is in the power of the Administration
to bring our imprisoned soldiers home again, and
in a very short time restore them to their friends
and families.
I am free to say I do not feel that the condition
of my friends in the southern prisons will be
made any better, and they made any happier, by
seeing some men in our prisons here in the North
starved to death. If we could inflict the punish-
ment that is suggested by the Senator, upon the
officers in the southern army who have contrib-
uted to the misfortunes of which he complains, I
would agree with him; but here in our northern
prisons are many men who entered into this war
in the southern army against their wish, con-
scripted, compelled to obey the demands of a
government de /acfo, having no part nor lot, no
connection whatever with the wrongs that are in-
flicted upon our soldiers in the southern prisons,
and now we propose to retaliate upon them, in-
dividually, and starve them to death, because the
Senator says some of our friends in southern
prisons have been starved 1 Reach the men that
are in fault; strike them if we can; but where is
the propriety, where is the Christianity of starv-
ing a man to death against whom we can lay no
fault except that perhaps he has been compelled
to obey the demands of the rebel government, a
government, as was illustrated with great pow^r
by the Senator from Vermont, not now in his
seat, [Mr. Collamer,] defucto, which the people
down there for the time being had to obey?
But, sir, I did not intend to discuss this resolu-
tion now, but simply to reply to what the Senator
said, which I thought was unjust to myself, hav-
ing made this motion for a reason very proper,
as I believed. 1 hope to see this proposition so
amended as to bring our soldiers home again. Let
them come back to their families. We can make
these exchanges; and while I am upon that point
I will read from a statement of fact made by a dis-
tinguished member of the House of Representa-
tives the other day, not of my political party, but
a distinguished member of the House of the same
political party with the Senator from Ohio. Mr.
ICasson, of Iowa, speaking of the Secretary of
War, said:
" One thing more: if he bp the man he Is charged with
being, who ooukl In June last have exchanged prisonets of
war of the Umtrd State* on tetm« reoomnzed throughout
all civilized nations, yet left ten or twenty thousand nf our
gallant men to perish in rebel powfduring* the !a«t summer,
again I find a reason why his administration of that Depart-
ment should be investigated."
If this statement be true, there is a reason why
it should be investigated. If months ago, as is
stated by a distinguished member of the party to
which the Senator from Ohio belongs, this Ad-
ministration could have broughtour friends home
again, restored them to their places in their fam-
ilies, and prevented this starvation, I say it is the
highest charge that can be brought agaiwst this
Administration. I want to know if we cannot
have a remedy that will save this suffering rather
than a remedy which will increase the suffering,
not upon our prisoners perhaps, and it may be
upon them. Their condition may he made bet-
ter, but 1 fear it will be made worse by the course
suggested in this resolution. If we can adopt
some action on the part of the Senate which will
compel the Administration to do that which a
distinguished member of the other House says
the Administiation for five months might have
done, and bring them home, I shall feel that we
have accomplished something.
Mr. WADE. The Senator has made his ar-
gument on the subject, and I doubt now whether
wc ought to delay the passage of the joint reso-
lution. 1 think he lias made as stiong an argu-
ment as the Senator fiom Maryland or any one
else could have done.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy.) The question is on the postponement of
the resolution.
Mr. WADE. I am opposed to the postpone-
ment. If this resolution will not tend to effect
the purpose designed by us, it should not pass.
No one is more sensible than I-am that for mere
vindictive purposes we ought not to pass a meas-
ure like this. My impression, however, is that
it will have a very useful effect; it will have the
effect to relieve thousands upon thousands who
are now in southern prisons, and treated with
such hardship that they are dying all over the
southern country.
Retaliation has in all ages of the world been a
means of bringing inhuman and savage foes to ;
a sense of their duty, and has frequently had the
effect to promote the objects of justice. It has
been so in this war; we have tried it already
successfully. There was a time when the enemy
took our officers and placed them as a kind of
protection against our assault on their fortifica-
tions. They placed our officers within the range
of our guns, hoping thereby to protect themelves
against our assaults. In order to prevent that we
were compelled to retaliate in kind, and wc se-
lected a like number of their officers and placed
them in like jeopardy; and the moment theybav/
that we sternly intended to do that, they did not
persist in their barbarous course any longer;
when they found we were inexorable upon that
subject, and that we would place their ofliceis in
like jeopardy, the effect was very soon manifest;
our officers were immediately released from their
position, and the rebels sought to make peace upon
that subject. So they would upon this.
Sir., I have no doubt on investigation of this
subject that it is a deliberate purpose of theiis to
destroy every prisoner that comes into their hands.
They do not intend that he shall be returned to
us in such a condition that he can ever again take
the field. Their inhuman treatment is probably
owing more to this consideration than to mcio
feelings of malice. It is a system of savage pol-
icy, and it has had a most powerful effect on our
Army. Of the thousands of prisoners we havo
had in their hands scarcely one of them is ever re-
turned to us in such a condition that he can take the
field again; while on the other side the prisoners
that come into our possession arc treated pre-
cisely the same as our own soldieisare, and they
go back refreshed, recuperated, and ready to take
the field against us, every man of them. I havo
no doubt that a prompt and stern resort to this
measure of retaliation will have as beneficial an
effect as the measure to which I have referred
had in the case to which it was applied.
The gentleman talks of Christianity. Sir, 1
do not understand that there is very much Chris-
tianity in war. If you go to war you lmvp de-
parted from the great principles laid down by
Christ and His followers, as 1 understand them;
and if you go to war you must not only dcpait
from those principles, but you must follow out
that departure, for it leads to other necessities thai
do not square precisely with the doctrines of Chris-
tianity. You commit a great offense when you go
to war; but the world has notyetreaehed thatmced
of perfection when war can be avoided. I say,
then, you cannot invoke the principles of Chris-
tianity in vindication of all the incidents and doc-
trines that grow out of wftir. "They that take
the sword shall perish by the sword," it is said.
But, sir, 1 do not profess to be very familiar with
these theological questions. I behe\e that when
the Almighty imbued every man who receives an
insult or an injury with a sense of resentment
He intended that it should be used and mani-
fested on proper occasions. You can haruly
eradicate this idea from the human mind. I know
that, hke other passions, it may run too far; it
may be stimulated to excess; but I say again I
do not believe that the Almighty endowed a man
with a sense of resentment for an injury with the
idea that it should not be exercised. 1 think it is
proper to resent injuiies sometimes, and frequent-
ly proper to retaliate as a means of putting an
end to acts of wrong and barbarity. I think it
is rather a mawkish idea of humanity that f- ars
to subject rebel prisoners to the same Ueatment
that we know our own brave soldiers are daily
subjected.to.
I think the influence of such a measure as thai
now proposed will be to do away with bad treat-
ment on both sides; for when the rebels see that
you will resort to retaliation, that their men- in
our hands will be subjected to the same haid-
ships to which they subject ours, it will be a rea-
son why they should relieve our men. Milder ar-
guments have been utteily ineffectual. I do not
know now but that other measures will be effect-
ual. If so, I would resort to them at once; but
I have seen no attempt to do so; I have seen no-
where the attempt on the part of this Govern-
ment to redress these wrongs that arc inflicted on
our soldiers. 1 feel that something should be
done. My sense of humanity is not entirely on
one side, and that the side of the rebellion. As
I go through the hospitals, my sense of humanity
will be no more harrowed up by seeing that reb-
