1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1131
political opinion to be a crime, and try and pun-
ish it by arbitrary arrests, spurious military
courts, usurped power, and despotic will. To
make specific charges that had no foundation in
truth was too desperate and dangerous a game;
but as the punishment of innocent men was re-
solved upon for vengeance, example, and intimi-
dation, it was determined, as it would be without
guilt, so it must be without charge. Freedom
from arrest except upon a warrant charging an
offense and sued out upon oath and tried by jury
according to the course of the common law, is
guarantied by express provisions of the Consti-
tution to all persons not in the military or naval
service of the United States; but that common
and ruthless assassin of constitutional limitations
and of the rights and liberties of the people, mil-
itary necessity, was the only authority to do the
atrocious woik,and was of course summoned to
strike down those great principles.
Most of the men thus arrested were hurried off
to military headquarters at Louisville, and there
thrown into close prison. In vain they demanded
the charges against themselves, or to know what
offenses they had committed, or what law they
had violated, and to be confronted with their ac-
cusers and the witnesses against them. Their
cases were decided without trial, in secret places,
when they were not present, and upon ex parte
statements, and punishment by sentence of exile
to distant States, or across the rebel lines,and by
other modes unknown to the law, was awarded
against them. Attempts were made to extort
money from them generally. Some of them were
discharged after being held a considerable time
in prison, and others had sentences of exile to
remote localities commuted to nearer and more
agreeable places; but these results were almost
invariably wrought by the magic power of money.
General intimidation and money weie the ends
sought by these lawless and oppressive proceed-
ings, and many of their victims were forced to
pay from $500 to $1,500; and a large amount of
spoils, wrung from innocent and outraged men,
was said to be divided among several conspira-
tors. Certain it is that men in the military ser-
vice of the United States for no other legitimate
purpose than to uphold the Constitution and laws
and the rights and liberties of the people, have
continuously outraged them by the false accusa-
tion, arbitrary arrest, despotic punishment, and
shameless plunder of a large part to break the
spirit and debase and enslave the whole.
The military authority in that State has pros-
trated the freedom and independence of the press
within it by forbidding the newspapers to publish,
not matter of a nature to give aid and comfort to
the rebellion, but from even a narrative of Us own
administration. The Lexington Observer and
Reporter, the DanviiieTribune,and other papers
which opposed secession and rebellion, and sus-
tained the appropriation of men and money to put
them down, it suppressed by interdicting their
publishers from bringing into the State paper and
other necessary material. Their only offense
was opposition to the reelection of Mr. Lincoln.
For the same cause, the Cincinnati Enquirer, the
Columbus Crisis, the Chicago Times, and other
piiuts, were excluded from the State by military
orders, sustained by a rigorous military surveil-
lance. These papers were contraband of war in
Kentucky, but were allowed a free circulation in
the other loyal States. The object was to cutoff
from the people of that State all the channels of
information ielating to public alTairs that did not
carry streams, clear or foul, flowing for the re-
election of Mr. Lincoln.
A favorite and frequent mode of exhibiting its
power in Kentucky by the military authority was
to press horses for the service. This would fre-
quently break out as an epidemic disease, and
though its causes could not always be detected,
they could sometimes. The approach of a gen-
eral election always engendered two or three of
those epidemics at short intervals between them;
and when favorites of the military authorities had
large contracts with the Government for the de-
livery of horses this epidemic would appear ex-
tensively in their localities in very active form.
Frequently on court,gala,church, and other pub-
lic days, when large numbers of the people, men
and women, had assembled at the county towns
and other public places, it would suddenly man-
ifest itself in a very virulent form without any
premonition. About noon all the roads leading
out would be picketed to prevent egress, and the
press-gangs would sweep actively along every
street and highway. All the horses hitched to
carriages, buggies,wagons, or under saddle would
be seized, which would bring up the whole mul-
titude, male and female, men,women, and chil-
dren, in a general state of excitement, confusion,
and alarm; restoration would be made to the few
avowed Lmcolnites,and the others would be told,
"You shall have a certificate for your horses,
payable at the end of the war, on proving your
loyalty;" or, " The forces are going on a raid, and
when they return your horses will be restored to
you." Then, again, the press-gang would be
started out widely through the country, and they
would seize horses at work in the fields, on the
highways, and at the most conspicuous places,
proelaimmgthat the disloyal were to have no com-
pensation, but only the loyal at the close of the
war, on proving their loyalty. The country
would become excited and apprehensive. Then
comes along the contractor or his agents, and the
farmers, in the doubt and perplexity intentionally
produced by this disorderly and oppressive con-
duct of the military authorities, would sell their
horses to contractors who were favorites, if not
partners, with those officers, for something like
half value. There were always enough of min-
ions of power besides the military to put in cir-
culation that this treatment was only for the dis-
loyal, and the sure mode to get immunity from it
was to become loyal; and their standard of loy-
alty was, first, to supportall Mr. Lincoln's meas-
ures, and afterwards to vote for his reelection.
This was a part of the administrative policy in
Kentucky, the Procrustes's bed to bring men to
the propei political standard.
Kentucky has a large and important trade with
Ohio, Pennsylvania, New York,and other north-
eastern States; and it is carried on not only by
merchants and traders, but, to Ohio particularly,
by farmers also. The aggegate of this trade
amounts to many millions annually, and there
are a great number of men engaged in it. To Cin-
cinnati alone thousands of the fanners of Ken-
tucky carry traffic to get their own supplies.
The military authorities saw the power that they
might acquire by seizing upon the trade between
Kentucky and other States, and they determined
to pervert it to purposes of party corruption, op-
pression for political opinion,and enriching their
friends and favorites. They made an order that
no person in Kentuckyshouldbuy,sell, or barter
out of the State, without a written permission, to
be signed by a board of trade to be appointed by
itself. They refused to appoint fair and respon-
sible men, men of good position, property, and
integrity, to these boards; and they studiously
sought out extreme political partisans, many of
dishonest lives or doubtful character, who never
had any industry or business, or were incapable
ofconducting it successfully; insolvents who could
make no reparation for damages resulting from
their abuse of power, and whose mendacity was
paralleled by their ignorance; men better fitted to
be dealt with uuder the vagi ant laws than to dis-
pose of the high questions of loyalty and consti-
tutional liberty, and of political economy and
commerce among the States. Even foreigners,
speaking divurse languages and knowing but littie
of ouis, were upon these boards of trade. Such of
them as had any solvency and respectability were
often engaged in business themselves, or had rel-
atives and friends that were; and their interests
were to be promoted by withholding permits to
tiadefrom other men, and thus excluding compe-
tition. It is charged and believed that at many
points certain parties, by selling these permits to
trade, realized large sums of money.
The managers of railroads and the officers of
boats received stringent orders to transport no
goods, dV other property, unless the ownei s had a
trade permit from one of these boards; and a strict
military patrol was established to seize every
article that was being moved without that sanc-
tion. These boards of trade were intended to
adopt, and the men appointed to them were only
equal to adopt, but a single rule to guide their ac-
tion: " Is the applicant for a permit in favor of
Mr. Lincoln's reelectionr" Their smail and be- >
rughted intellects, their purchased and groveling j
souls could not appreciate or comprehend any j
other standard of loyalty. Their touchstone, i
their universal question was," 'Who do you sup-
port for the Presidency?" and if "McClellan"
was the reply, then the rejoinder was, " You are
disloyal and can get no permit to trade." Some
boards inquired whatState or county officers the
applicant had voted for at the previous election,
and if he answered for some candidate who was
not a supporter of Mr. Lincoln a permit was in-
flexibly withheld from him. But when appli-
cants would agree to sell out their principles and
innate sense of duty and vote for the reflection
of Lincoln, and thus barter away true loyalty to
their country, they received therefor the largest
permits to trade.
In a great many instances, before the boards of
trade were inaugurated, the local provost marshals
would keep watch upon the highways leading to
commercial points on the Ohio river to intercept
farmers who had loaded two-horse wagons with
their limited surplus products to barter for their
family supplies; and would arrest them in their
humble, but to them importantadventurefs. They
would inform the farmer that he was engaged in
a contraband trade and had forfeited his pioperty
to the Government; but would end the imbroglio
by taking his loading at half value, and them-
selves go to market, make the sale, and pocket
the produce. In othercases the provost marshals
would inform farmers who wished to go on these
trading expeditions that they were forbidden,
without their permits, and thus by falsehood and
fraud sell their spurious licenses to honest and
uninformed men.
The people of Kentucky made prompt and
earnest protest to the>proper authorities against
these oppressive and r^efarious restrictionsupon
their legitimate commerce; but they were heeded
not. Fortunately for them there were other par-
ties nearly as deeply interested in it as themselves;
the people of Ohio, and particularly of Cincinnati.
Our neighbors of that free State at length rose in
revolt against this great iniquity. The voice of
Cincinnati came up in general and earnest pro-
test, and the President then swept it away; but
not until it had biought heavy loss to many of
the beat and most loyal men of our State.
But the most hardy and profligate attempt of
the military authorities in Kentucky and their
fellow-conspirators to oppress and plunder the
people of that State, and to enrich themselves,
was a scheme put on foot by them to coerce alt
the feeders of hogs last fall to sell to their agents
at from three to four dollars per hundred less than
the market price. They assumed to take the pos-
session and control of all the slaughter and pack-
inghouses in the State. One firm applied to them
to know for what sum of money they wouid allow
hiha to kill and pack; they inquired of him the
number, and when he answered thirty thousand,
they replied three dollars the hog. He rejoined,
" That is rather steep;" to which they said, "That
is the best we can do;" and the matter was
dropped. These confederates divided the State
into six or eight districts, appointed a principal
agent for each district, and he employed sub-
agents in each one to purchase all the hogs in it.
They established the prices at seven dollars and
fifty cents and eight dollars per hundred, accord-
ing toquality, when hogs weresellingatthattime
at Cincinnati at over eleven dollars per hundred.
The conductors of railroads and boats received
stringent military orders that no hogs were to be
carried but upon their order. They laid an em-
bargo upon all the packing-houses in the State,
except one or two, which they took possession
of, and made arrangements to operate them on
their own account. They caused it to be an-
nounced all over the State that the Government
wanted all the hogs in it, and that they were pur-
chasing and intended to killand pack for the Gov-
ernment. When any of these daring swindlers
i were told by feeders that they would not sell to
I them, their answer was, We will pull down your
! pens and drive ali your hogs, except what are
i necessary for the consumption of your families,
to our slaughter-houses, and give you a certifi-
cate to be paid for them by our prices at the close
of the viir, upon proving yourselves to be loyal.
You have the option to take our puces in money
when we get the ho</s, or certificates at the same
prices to be received by you when peace isrnade,
upon proof of your loyalty. They, by this fraud
and intimidation, carried out by the basest pros-
titution of military authority, were enabled to
