366
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
words " military order"in line eight, and in iicu
of the words stricken out to insert:
Of a certain quantity of hay loaded by thorn on certain
barge and flatboats, on the Ohio river, to be delivered at
Memphis, Tennessee,under a conuact with the Govern-
ment ofthe United States; and that hp allow the said claim-
ants th&contract price of said hay so destroyed, less the ex-
pense of transportation from the place whore destroyed to
the place of delivery, to he paid out of any money hereto-
fore or hereafter appropriated applicable to the payment of
claims against the Quartermaster's bureau.
Mr. CLARK. There is a report of the com-
mittee in this case jvhich may be read if it is de-
sired; but I think by a short statement I can
bring the point to the attention of the Senators, if
they will listen to me.
Cobb & Co. were merchants in Indiana. They
contracted with the proper officer of the Govern-
ment to deliver a certain number of tons of hay—a
large number, I think five thousand tons ofhay—at
Memphis,Tennessee. They proceeded to execute
thatcontractata given price per ton, twenty-eight
dollars and some cents, to be paid at Memphis.
They procured their hay and loaded it on certain
barges in the Ohio river. When the hay was
thus loaded on the barges, General Boyle, in
command of the department, gave an order to a
gunboat to proceed up the river and seize all the
boats and barges on the river and destroy them,
for the purpose of preventing John Morgan, who
was then in Indiana or Ohio, from crossing the
river southward into Kentucky. The officer of
the gunboat proceeded up the river and destroyed
all the boats on which this hay was loaded, to-
gether with the hay.
These contractors show precisely the number
of pounds they had upon the boat, and the House
of Representatives have considered the case, and
their committee having reported this resolution, it
has passed that House and come here, directing
the Q,uartermasterGencral to'pay them for the hay
and for the barges as well. So far we have con-
sidered no claim arising out of damages done bv
our forces in the war. The hay which was on
boaid the barges the Government should pay for,
upon the principle that where the promisee puts
itout of the power of the promissor to perform his
promise, he is excused fiom it; and these parties
having the hay loaded to be delivered at Memphis,
and it having been destroyed while it was upon the
river by the Government, the G'ovenimenushould
pay for it less the expense of tranepoi tation to
Memphis. But following the action of the Sen-
ate, or rather the want of action of the Senate
heretofore, the Committee on Claims have struck
out the payment for the barges because there was
no contract in regard to them; they stand exactly
like any other property destroyed. There is a
•very large number of claims before the commit-
tee for pay for property which Jum been destroyed
during the war. If it is the plcasme of Iho Sen-
ate that the committee should consider and report
those claims to the body, the committee wiil do
60; butifube the pleasuie of the Senate that they
shall wait until the war is over, or neaily so, in
order that we may see what the damages may be,
°r what is the course proper to he pursued by the
Government, then the committee will not report
mote of those claims.
There lias been an attempt in the Senate to es-
tablish a commission who should examine the
value of the property destroyed. Senators will
see that the testimony in regard to the value of
the baiges is all upon one side. The testimony
in regard to the hay is exact, because the Gov-
ernment was to pay a given price for it. The
parties show that they put on boaid just so many
pounds at just such a price. That, therefore, can
be arrived at exactly; but the committee had no
evidence as to the value of the barges, except
what was furnished by the claimants ihcmsclves.
But what the committee deaiic to know,and
what they desire to accomplish by this amend-
ment, is to ascertain the sense of the Senate in
regard to claims for military damages. Many
of them are veiy vast and they arc very pressing;
parties have lost large amounts of property;
they are distressed for the pay for that property;
and perhaps it may be said that property de-
stroyed in that way should as justly be paid for
by the Government as any other property; but
the committee seek to know whether the Senate
aie of opinion that we should take up these claims
seriatim, one after another, and act upon them on
such testimony as we shall have, and report them ,
to the Senate, or whether they shall be detained
in the committee, and there shall be some pro-
vision made for a decision and adjustment of all
of them. The committee have no choice about
it; but if this amendment be adopted, the result
will be to pay for the hay, and leave unsettled
the question of payment for the barges. If it be
not adopted, and the resolution be passed as it
came from the House of Representatives, we
shall pajr for the hay and the barges both. They
state their barges in round numbers to be worth
$5,000. They have evidence to show that the
valuation they put upon them isa just valuation,
but that is from the opinion of persons who saw
the barges. Other persons who might see them
might say that they were not worth so much, but
thattcstimony we have not. The price of the hay
is fixed, and we think the Government should
pay for that, at any rate, because it would have
been delivered in a very few days if the Govern-
ment had not destroyed it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from New Hampshire whether
this hay was delivered. Perhaps he stated how
that was, but my attention was not called to it at
the moment. My inquiry is whether the hay was
received by the Governmentofficer. Had delivery
been made?
Mr. CLARIC. That is the point; delivery had
not been made fully. It was to be deltveied at
Memphis.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And it was destroyed on
the Ohio river>
Mr. CLARK. Yes, sir. The Government
prevented the delivery by their own act, and may
be consideied, perhaps, in that view to have ac-
cepted the hay.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Suppose this property had
been burnt up accidentally where it was, would
it have been the loss of the Government of the
United States or the contiactor'aluss ? Manifestly
the contractor's.
Mr. CLARIC. Certainly; the contractor's Iops.
Mr. TRUA1BULL. Then it had not been de-
livered; it had not been received by the Govern-
ment. I am merely asking these questions for
information, without expressing at tiiis time any
opinion in regard to a very large class of cases
where a gieat many deserving individuals have
such claims. I ask how does this case differ from
the ease of the destiuction of property in Mis-
souii, or across the liver here in Vnginia, where
farms have been laid waste by our forces in the
prosecution of this war? All over Kentucky piop-
erty has been destroyed necessarily. It was
deemed necessary by the military authorities in
command that, the property should be destroyed
for military purposes, llow shall we distinguish
this case of propeity destroyed before it was de-
livered to the Government, and before the con-
tract was completed, fxom the destruction of other
pionerty by tin1 Army in other places?
Mr. CLARIC. The committee thought there
was this clear distinction between the two classes
of property; here the Government had contracted
with these parties to supply it with a certain amount
of hay, the parties had gone and collected that
hay on the Ohio river in pursuance of their con-
tract, and were in fulfillment of their contract and
would have delivered their hay if the Govern-
ment, the other party contracting, and who was
to take the hay, had not seized and burnt it. The
principle, as 1 said before, is that where the promi-
lseo renders the promise impossible of execution,
the promissor is excused. Suppose the Govern-
ment had taken the hay right there and fed itout
to its horses would it not have been responsible?
It is a very different case, it seems to me, from
that which the Senator from I Ihnois puts, because
these parties were in the fulfillment of their con-
tact with the Government and the Government,
the promisee, destroyed the property. It is a very
different ease from that of propeity destroyed by
accident. It was clearly at the lisk of the parties
getting the hay, until the Government interfered
with it; but when the Government interfered with
it, it took upon itself the risk. The committee
had no question about payment for the hay, and
no question about the justice of the claim to the
barges to a ceitain amount, though the value of
the barges is not proved as clearly as the other
part of the case, and the committee desired the
attention of the Senate to that point for the pur-
pose of ascertaining how they should proceed.
Mr. COW AN. I should like to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Claims whether the law
is not as clear that the barges should be paid for
as that the hay should be paid for.
Mr. CLARK. I think I may answer the Sen-
ator very readily, that the law is perhaps as clear.
The question in my mind is not whether we shall
eventually pay for the property, but whether we
shall postpone the payment until we can fix some
proper tribunal to asceitain the value of the prop-
erty that wc are bound to pay for. Here is en-
tirely ex -parte testimony in regard to the value of
the baiges. It is proved by opinion. A has got
to go and look at a barge, and A says he knows
what that barge is worth, and he thinks it is worth
so much. There is nobody to show to the Sen-
ate that it was not worth so much. If we cut
down the price we may do the man injustice; if
we allow the price, we may do ourselves injus-
tice, upon that insufficient testimony. My own
judgment is that we must establish some tribunal
that shall have the power of compelling witnesses,
as perhaps the Senate might authorize the com-
mittee to do, of taking testimony aliunde at proper
places, and hearing the parties and perhaps coun-
sel on both sides in some cases. Otherwise we
may pay where we ought not to pay, and in some
cases twice as much as we ought to pay. There
is great difficulty in the matter. It is not the de-
sire or wish of the committee to delay or defer
anybody who has a just claim. We only desire
to ascertain from the Senate what may be their
wish in regard to the subject,and we ask the Sen-
ate to express their opinion from what they see
in these cases, that it is dangerous to proceed
without some proper tribunal, and to turn their
attention to the establishmentof some sort of tri-
bunal. We have not so far, I think, reported an
individual case, waiting to see what would be the
result. Whether we shall wait further and delay
these applicants and claimants, or whether the
Senate will take cognizance of them now, is what
we desire to ascertain from the Senate.
Mr. TEN EYCK. 1 want to be informed and
enlightened on this subject. I have listened at-
tentively to the discussion, and I am not able to
see any distinction between this case and the case
of so much hay belonging to individuals who had
no contract with the Government to deliver it at
all, who may have had a contract to deliver hay in
Memphis to some private individual, or who had
no contract,but wore seeking a market down the
river. Now suppose under the order of General
Boyle, hay thus belonging to private individuals
had been destroyed in order to prevent the boats
upon which it was loaded being seized by Morgan
and his men in an attempt to escape across the river
out of Ohio. If the hay had belonged to private
individuals and there had been no contract with
the Government, it would have presented a case
often thousand other cases involving thousands
of millions of dollars, where property has been
dcstioycd since the commencement of this rebel-
lion in Kentucky and in oil the border States
throughout this Union. If there is any distinc-
tion in piinciple and in law between property
thus circumstanced and this property,my vision
is too obtuse to discover it. I should like to be
informed on that point for it will regulate the
vote 1 shall give.
Mr". DAVIS. I should like to make an expla-
nation on thepointsuggested by the Senator from
New Jersey. Here is the case that is now before
the Senate: Cobb & Co., of Indiana, contracted
to deliver a certain quantity of hay to the Gov-
ernment at Memphis; they loaded the hay on
board of boats and barges, and the hay was on
its way to Memphis to be delivered in conformity
to the contract. The Senator from Pennsylvania
wants to know the distinction between the case
of the hay and the barges, and the Senator from
New Jersey wants to know the difference between
this case and the common case ofthe destruction
of propeity in any of the States. The difference
is a very plain and palpable one. Here the con-
tract was in the course of execution by the cov-
enantor to deliver the hay. The Government-is
the covenantee, and the covenantee interposes,
when the hay is in transitu to be delivered in the
execution of the contract, and destroys the hay.
Now, the question is whether the destruction of
the hay by the covenantee does not conclude the
covenantee from denying that the contract was
executed on the part of the covenantor. There
