1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
367
is no plainer principle of law; and it is a prin-
ciple that is recognized and acted upon every day
in our courts of justice. When there is a cov-
enant, and one party is in the course of executing
that covenant,and the other party interposes and
defeats the execution of the'covenant, the party
who thus interposes and defeats the execution of
the covenant cannot allege that the covenant is
not performed on the part of the other party.
The reason that the committee made a differ-
ence between the boats and the barges and the
hay was this: there was no contract on the part
of Cobb & Co. to deliver the boats and the barges;
it was simply a covenant to deliver liny, and the
boats and barges were the vehicles or the means
of transportation by which they were in the course
of executing their covenant, it cannot be said,
then, in relation to the boats and barges, that there
was a covenant to deliver them by Cobb & Co. to
the Government, and that the Government inter-
posed and by ils act defeated the delivery of the
boats and barges which hud been covenanted to
be delivered, because there was no such covenant.
The covenant was restricted to hay.
Mr. COWAN. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. COWAN. It is whether Cobb & Co.
could not have recovered for the hay without
going upon the contract, on the some principle that
they ask to recover for the barges, namely, that
the Government officer in a moment of emergency
had destroyed this property, and therefoie the
law was that they were entitled to pay for both,
without saying anything about a contract.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 admit that to be true, but still
there is a distinction. The one would be a case
of trespass, a wrong. The destruction of the
boats and barges would be a case of wrong, and
the Government would be responsible for their
destruction as a wrongdoer; but the lesponsibihty
of the Goverment for the hay is upon a different
principle, it is upon a principle arising in a mat-
ter ex contractu, where one of the parties to the
contract is the cause of the other not having exe-
cuted it. It is a plain and universal principle of
law, that where two parties make a contract and
one is in the course of the execution of that con-
tract, and its execution is defeated by the other,
it does not lie in the mouth of the other to assume
that the contract has not been executed by the
opposite party. I admit that there is the same
principle of right and of justice generally for pay-
ment for the boats ami barges as for the hay,
but it is upon a different principle of law, and the
committee acted and reported in the case so as
to keep separate and distinct the principle upon
which the Government would be bound to pay
for the hay.
Mr. COWAN. I ask the honorable Senator
again whether the committee did not feel them-
selves as much bound to pay for damages on
account of a tort of the Government as damages
for a breach of contract?
Mr. DAVIS. I feel that obligation, and I sup-
Sose the committee do; but as the Senator from
lew Hampshiie, the chairman of the commit-
tee, says, the number of claims of that character
against the Government is infinite; their amount
is indefinite; it would come up to hundreds and
probably to thousands of millions of dollars. It
would be greatly in its amount beyond any such
claims arising cx contractu as the claim of Cobb
& Co. on the Government for the value of this
bay; and here was one reason that I agreed to
the leport of the committee in the form in which
it has been made. I admit that those whose prop-
erty has been destroyed by the Government and
its agents are entitled to remuneration from the
Government, and ought to receive it.
Mr. COWAN. 1 will ask the honorable Sen-
ator whether the distinction which he takes be-
tween the barges and the hay is not destroyed by
the intervention of this particular fact, that not
only the hay but the barges were invited to that
particular point where they were destroyed by the
contract of the Government? JVojt constat that the
hay and the barges might not have been hundreds
of miles away but for this contract; and does not
that distinguish it from a case where property is
destroyed by the Government or its officers in
an emergency, where the Government has done
nothing to invite the property to occupy that par-
ticular locality where it has been destroyed?
Mr. DAVIS. My honorable friend is an able
lawyer, and it seems to me that nothing can be
plainer to a legal mind than the palpable distinc-
tion between the hay and the barges. It is not
only because hay is not a barge nor a barge hay,
but it is simply for this reason: Cobb & Co. con-
tracted to deliver the hay, and they did not con-
tract to deliver the barges and the boats to the
Government. They could- have wagoned the
hay, or they could have taken it upon the railroad
cars, or by any other mode of transportation.
Therefore the passage of the barges and boats
toward Memphis was not in the course of the
execution of any contract by Cobb & Co. with
the Government, but the passage of the hay to
Memphis was in the course of the execution of a
contract by that firm to deliver the hay to the
Government. TheGovernmentarrested the hay
that was being transported in theexecution of this
contract, by its general officer, and destroyed it.
Mr. COWAN. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him another question?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. COWAN. It is whether Cobb & Co.
would be able to distinguish between the loss they
suffered from the destruction of the hay, and the
loss they suffered from the destruction of the
barges? Whether they do not feel that they have
the same right precisely to be compensated for
the loss of the one that they have to be compen-
sated for the loss of the other? And if there is no
distinction in morals, how can there be such a
distinction as is taken by the committee in law?
Mr. DAVIS. I admit the general principle of
the Senator; but I was going to state another
consideration upon which the committee had made
the distinction between the hay and the barges.
If it be the policy and present purpose of the
Senate and of Congress,as I conceive it ought to
be, to make full compensation for all property
that may be destroyed by the armies of the Uni-
ted States belonging io loyal citizens, the com-
mittee are of opinion that all this responsibility
ought not to be met by pi ivate, individual, single
claims as they arise, but that there ought to be a
general law establishing a commission or a boaid,
before which all these claims should be presented
and established by proof, and instead of a few
active claimants who have friends in the Senate
or in the House of Representatives getting ahead
of all the others in the nation who have as good
a claim and as just a claim as themselves, by then-
private bills, Congress ought to provide for that
whole clays of cases by I he establishment of a
general commission, and requne all these claims
to be presented there for proof.
As the chairman of the committee says, there
are a great many claims precisely of the same
nature and depending upon the same principles
of justice and law as that of Cobb & Co. for the
value of their barges and their boats against the
Government. The committee want to be in-
stiucted by the Senate whether it is their purpose
to satisfy that order of claims or not. If it is the
purpose of the Senate now to satisfy that class
of claims, the committee are ready to be in-
structed by the Senate and to report all that are
now depending upon that principle, and to report
for the full satisfaction of the destruction of any
and of all property by the armies of the United
States, whether that property was about to be
delivered in the execution of contracts or not.
But the committee think, at least I do, that as a
matter of justice and of policy, instead of permit-
ting all these claims, that amount to a countless
sum of money, almost to, no doubt, thousands of
millions of dollars, to come up in detail, each
claim by itself, and each claim to be heard upon
the amount of proof that the claimant may bring
before Congress to sustain liiin, Congress ought,
on the contrary, to establish a gcneial commis-
sion which should hear all the proof in relation
to such claims and to report upon them to Con-
gress, that Congress should then pay the whole
class of these claims together.
If I have made myself understood, that is the
distinction of principle and theconsideiation upon
which my conduct as a memberof the committee
was determined in consenting to this report.
Mr. CLARK. The question presented to the
Senate is of more importance than the mere joint
resolution itself. 1 do not wish to press its pas-
sage at this time; I desired simply to accomplish
the purpose of bringing it to the notice of Sen-
ators, so that they might be considering this great
question which must come before the Senate.
These claims will be continually pressing, and the
Senate and House of Representatives will be
obliged, in my judgment, to provide some method
of ascertaining them. Now, let me state a claim "
which is before the committee at the present time.
Certain parties ofTennessee allege that they were
the owners of a large plantation down in Arkan-
sas; that they were Union men always; stood by
the Government; that they had upon that planta-
tion seventy negroes; one hundred mules; so many
hogs; so much fodder of this kind, and so much
fodder of that kind; and thy the army came and
destroyed a part, and somebody else destroyed a
part; that a portion of their negroes came back,
and a part got free papers and went to Ohio. They
present a claim to us and ask us to adjudicate
upon it and award them so much damages. I
pray you, sir, how is the committee ever to de?
termine the value of that claim? Here certain
parties come and say that they think the seventy
negroes were worth so much, and certain other
parties come and say they think the mules were
worth so much, and certain other parties say they
think the hogs were worth so much; and the army
destroyed about so many of the hogs, and so on.
It is entirely indefinite. It is impossible for the
committee to decide on a claim of that kind; and
even if the testimony were definite as far as it
goes, it would create injustice to decide the case
upon ex parte testimony.
It is suggested to me by the Senator from "Ver-
mont [Mr. Foot] that in that event we must do
as a couit of justice would do, reject the claim;
but then, for the want of a proper jurisdiction, the
paities will come again. You reject again, and
they come again, and so by continually coming,
the Senate at last becomes weary, and the danger
is that the claim will pass at some time without
a proper adjudication. We desire to submit to
the Senate whether it would not be better in the
outsat, if it can be done, to turn our attention to
providing a tribunal who shall ascertain upon one
side and the other what is the proper measure of
damages.
There is another question arising in this case
of Cobb & Company. The committee present
the joint resolution to the Senate with an amend-
ment. If the Senate agree to the amendment,
which is to strike out the allowance for the barges,
the hay is left for the action of the body, and the
committee would understand that the Senate did
not intend at the present time to consider claims
for such damages where there was no contract.
They may then afterwards, if they choose, refuse
to pay cither branch of the claim, on the ground
that it is all a war claim, and then the committee
would have ascertained what they want to ascer-
tain, that the Senate does not at the present time
intend to act on that class of claims; and then we
propose to leave Cobb & Company to their rem-
edy at law. If this were a contiact between two
pnvate parties, between A and B, if B had con-
tracted to deliver hay to A which A destroyed in
transitu, could not B go into court and sue A for
the value of that liny on his contract? I think
very clearly he could; but here is the Govern-
ment on one side, and the question is whether it
is not under the same obligation.
1 desired to bring this case to the attention of
the Senate. Peihaps Senators may wish to re-
flect upon it. 1 will now move that the joint res-
olution be postponed until to-morrow, and at
some future time 1 shall call it up again. 1 have
accomplished my purpose in bringing it to the
attention of the Senate at the present time.
Mr. HOWE. 1 shall offer no opposition to the
postponement, but I want to say just on tins oc-
casion that this amendment by some means or
other got through the Committee on Claims with-
out attracting my attention. I do not know
whether 1 was present during the meeting at
which it was considered or not. At any rate it
did not attract my attention.
Mr. CLARK. My impression is that it was
agreed upon in committee befoie the Senator
came m, but I am not certain.
Mr. HOWE. That is very likely. I make that
remark as preparatory to this: that for my single
self 1 make no sort of distinction between the obli-
gation of the Government of the United States to
pay for these barges and its obligation to pay for
the hay. I am entirely satisfied that if the Gov-
