THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
TIII3 OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY F. & J. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Eighth Congress. 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 25, 1865.
New Series No. 24.
appropriation in each particular case, or provide
by a board or in some other way for ascertaining
the claims generally.
1 do not think there was very much difference
touching the obligation of the Government to pay
for property that was destroyed by the Army to
prevent its falling into the hands of the enemy,
or to prevent its being used as a matter of defense
to the enemy. But 1 want to make this sugges-
tion to the chairman: inasmuch as by the act of
the Government these claims are united, and in-
asmuch as the full investigation of the Senate and
House of Representatives has been given to them,
is it not better to let both go together as a whole ?
There is no queslion about the right of the case;
and may we not pass this joint lesolution as it
came from the other House without establishing
a precedent that will govern us hereafter? We
do not want to take up each claim and decide it
now; but these necessarily came together; we
have examined them, and 1 think we mayas well
pass this resolution as it came from the House
of Representatives, and then this case will never
come before Congress or a commission again.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to say to the Senator
from Indiana that I have not the least objection
to allowing the whole claim if the Senate so de-
cide; and he is entirely right, I think, when he
says that there was but very little difference
among the Senators composing the committee
in regaul to the justice of this class of claims;
but as they pressed upon the committee in large
numbers, the committee detei mined at an early day
to bring a knowledge of that fact to the Senate so
that they might have some indication which they
may regatd, and that is all they desire to accom-
plish by this amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 23, 18G5.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. II. Ciiamning.
The Journal of Friday lust was read and ap-
proved.
APPOINTMENT OF MEMBER OF COMMITTEE.
The SPEAKER announced that he had ap-
pointed Mr. Steele, of New York, to fill the
vacancy on the committee of investigation on cer-
tain charges against Hon. Eucien J. Anderson,
in place of Mr. J. C. Allen, excused.
THANKS TO MAJOR GENERAL SHERIDAN,
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
is it now in oidcr to offer a resolution of thanks
to Major General Philip H. Sheridan?
The SPEAKER. Not until after the morning
hour. The Chair only enforces the construction
of the rules made by the Committee on Rules at
the last session.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then Igive
notice that after the morning hour I shall submit
such a resolution.
CALL OF COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER stated the first business in or-
der to be the call of committees for reports to be
inferred and not to be brought back by a motion
to reconsider.
BENJAMIN ROACH.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a joint resolution for the relief of Ben-
jamin Roach; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar, and ordered to
be printed.
COURT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. HALE. I am instructed to report from
the same committee an act supplementary to an act
entitled " An act to restrict the jurisdiction of the
24
Court of Claims," &c., and to ask that it be con-
sidered now.
The SPEAKER. Thatcannot be done at this
time.
Mr. HALE. Then I ask that the bill be re-
committed to the Committee of Claims.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will have the rule
read. It is a question whether the objection does
not apply. The rule is imperative.
The Clerk read the rule, (a portion of rule 51,)
as follows:
" On the call for reports from committees on each alter-
nate Monday, which shall commence as soon a« the Jour-
nal is lead, sill bilh imported during the first hour after the
Journal is lead shall be committed, without debate, to the
Committee of the Whole, ami, together with their accom-
panying repoits., punted ; ami if timing the hour all the
committees are not culled; thrn, niMhe next alternate Mon-
day, the Speakerihall commence where such call was sus-
pended: Provided, That no bill reported under the callon
alternate Monday and committed t-hall be again brought
before the House by a motion to reconsider "
Mr. HALE. I withdraw the report.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suggest to the gentleman
that he pursue the same course in reference to the
joint resolution first reported by him.
Mr. HALE. I withdraw that also.
The SPEAKER. That can only be done by
unanimous consent.
No objection was made.
Mr. SCHENCK. Do I understand that re-
ports made under this call must go upon the Cal-
endar without debate ?
The SPEAKER. That is the rule, and they
cannot be brought back by motions to reconsider.
CALL OV STATES FOR RESOLUTIONS.
The call of the committees having been con-
cluded, and no further reports being made, the
Speaker proceeded, as the next business in order,
to call the States and Territories for resolutions
and bills on leave, commencing,where the call was
last suspended, with the State of Ohio.
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to offer a resolu-
tion.
The SPEAKER. Only one bill or resolution
can be offered bv any member upon this call.
The gentleman offered one last Monday; but if
there be no objection, he can offer another now.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I must in-
sist upon the regular order. 1 want tho State of
Illinois to be reached.
The SPEAKER proceeded with the call.
DUTV ON PAPER.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I offer the
following joint resolution:
Be it resolved, $c,, That in lieu of tho duty on printing
paper, unsized, used foi books and newspapers exclusively,
now levied by law, there &halJ be levied, collected, and
paid, a duty of tlnee per cent, ad valorem.
The joint resolution was read a first and second
time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the previous question on the engrossment and
third reading of the joint resolution.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope that resolution
will not puss without some discussion upon it.
It is too important to be decided under the pre-
vious question m this summary manner.
The SPEAKER. The demand for the previous
question cuts off debate.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope the previous
question will not be sustained. This is a very
important qupstion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suppose
debute is not m order. I take it the House un-
derstands the question fully, and we may as well
try the question now.
Mr. BROOM ALL. Is it in order to have this
resolution considered to-duy?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. BROOM ALL. Being a joint resolution ?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to lay the jointres-
olution on the table.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Is it in order to move to
refer the resolution to the Committee of Ways
and Means ?
The SPEAKER. It will bo in order if both
the pending motions, for the previous question
and to lay on the table, shall be voted down.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I appeal to the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Spalding] to withdraw
his motion and let us refer the resolution to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. SPALDING. I withdraw my motion,
and shall vote against sustaining the previous
question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to refer the
joint resolution to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order
pending the demand for the previous question.
The House divided on the demand for the pre-
vious question, and there were—ayes 31, noes 34;
no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Washburne,
of Illinois, and Ganson, were appointed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. .1 would
like to inquire what is the present duty on paper?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot answer
that question. It is in (he nature of debate.
The House again divided, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 56, noes 47.
So the previous question was seconded.
The question recurred upon ordering the main
question to be now put.
Mr. DAWES. 1 demand the yeas and nays.
We wantan opportunity to discuss thiaquestion.
The SPEAKER. Debate is notin. order.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr! FARNSWORTH. I move to lay the
joint resolution upon the table.
Mr, COX. On that motion 1 demand the yeaa
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORRILL. I would like to inquire
whether it would be in order to ask to be excused
from voting on this measure on the ground that
the question is now pending before the Committee
of Ways and Means. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair will direct the
rule to be read, if the gentleman desires it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. To relieve
the gentleman, I will., if he desires it, move that
he be excused from voting.
The SPEAKER. The question is now on the
motion that the joint lesolution be laid on the
table, on which the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 43, nays 84, not voting 53; aa
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Ashley, Raily, Boutwelf,
BroomaH, William G. Brown, Cole, Creswell, Henry Win-
ter Davis. Thomas T. Davis, Dawes, Dixon, Eliot, Farns-
worth, Frank, Garfield, Giiswold, Hale, Higby, Hooper,
Jenckes, Kulley, Orlando Kellogg, Knox, Marvin, McBride,
McClurg, Mooihead, Moirill, Amos Myers, Leonard Myers,
Charles O'Neill, Peihum, Pike, Alexander II, Rice, John
R. Rice, Shannon, Spalding, Stevens, Thayer, Tracy, and
William IJ. Washburn—43.
NAYS—Me&srs. James C. Allen, Allison, Ancona, An-
derson, Arnold, Augustus O. Baldwin, Baxter, Beainan,
Blame, Boyd, Biooks, James 3. Biown, Ambrose W. Clark,
Cobb, Coilioth, Cox, Cravens, Dawson, Deming, Denison,
Donnelly, Eckiry, Eden, Edgerton, Eldridge, Finck, Gan-
son, Gnder, (latdmg, Harungton, Charles M. Hariis, Her-
nek, lloliuan, Asahei W. Hubbard, John H. Ilubbaid, In~
gersoll, Philip Johnson, Kasson, Francis W. Kellogg, Ker-
nan, King, Law, Lazear, Le Blond, iiOitg, Longyear, Mal-
lory, McDowell, Mclndoe, Middleton, Samuel F. Miller,
Moni&on, Noble, Norton, John O'Neill, Orth, Patteison,
Pendleton, Pitce, Samuel J.Randall, William H. Randall,
Robinson, Edward 11. Rollins, RoinS, Schenek, Seolield,
Scott, Sloan, John 15. Steele. William G. Steele, Strouse,
Sweat, Townsend, Upson, Wad&worth, Elihu B. Wash-
burne, Whaley, Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Joseph W 
White, Wildei, Wilson, Windoni,and Yeaman—84.
NOT VOTlIvG—Messis. William J. Allen, John H. Bald-
win, Blair, Bhs , Blow, Hiandegee, Chanler, Freeman
Clarke, Clay, Driggs, Dumont, English, Gooeh, Grnmell,
Hall, Benjamin G. Harris, Hotchki^s, Ilulburd, Hutehins,
William Johnson, Julian, Kalhfleiseh, Knapp, JLittlejohn,
Loan, Matey, McAllister, MeKinney, William H. Miller,
Dame} Morris, James R. Morris, Nelson, Odeli, Perry,
Pomeroy, Piuyn, Radford, Rogers, James S, Rollins, Smith,
Smithers, Sun, Stile?, Stuart, Thomas,Van Valkenburgh,
Voorhees, Waid, Web-ter, Williams, Wmfield, Benja-
min Wood, Fernando Wood, Woodbrutge,and Worthing-
ton—53.
So the House refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
