1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1135
Our system of Federal and State governments
is the happiest combination for the freedom of
the people and the power of the nation that has
ever been conceived by man. Its principles and
compromises were adjusted to those ends by great
men, instructed by the ripest experience, ani-
mated by the purest and most enlarged patriot-
ism, upon profound deliberation. The succeeding
generations have shown no ability to improve
them. To take charge of and preserve this com-
bined organization ofhberty and power demanded
of the people an extraordinary amount of intelli-
gence, virtue, courage, and patriotism. Wash-
ington and his compatriots were ever solicitous
and exerting themselves to educate and bring
up their countrymen to that high standard; while
their groveling successors have been resorting
to every unauthotized and foul means to break
their free and proud spirit, to degrade their pa-
triotism to a mercenary and base partisanship, to
mure them to the exercise of arbitrary power by
daily assaults on their rights, and thus to fit and
prepare them to take passively and permanently
the yoke of a military despotism. Our Govern-
ment and Union were organized for peace and
its triumphs, not for war or conquest, or the prac-
tical absolutism of vast armies. Its founders
did not anticipate, and therefore did not organize,
any special powers to meet such an emergency
as this great rebellion. They refused to make
a provision in the Constitution to coerce States,
and from what was said on that particular sub-
ject in debate in the Convention and contempo-
raneous expositions, it is clear that they never
contemplated that remedyfor any State disorder.
They If ft with the people and States respectively
all powers not delegated by the language of the
Constitution to the Federal Government. The
Slates have the exclusive authority over their
domesticinstitutionsand local affairs. The Gen-
eral Government was built upon the States, and,
with the forethought that if from any cause it
should be overthrown, they and their govern-
ments should remain organized, and should re-
sume all the sovereignty and rights which they
migli! delegate to the Federal Government. They
established plain limitations and restrictions upon
the Government which they formed, and built up
in the Constitution as part of it a great tribunal
of law and reason, and having placed it high above
the conflicts and passions of party, clothed it
with the august functionsof holding the Govern-
ment itself to us constitutional moorings, con-
fining its departments and officeiswithin the pale
of their powers, and adjudging the validity of the
constitutions and laws of all the States. Those
sages, devoted to liberty and pea<je, did not make
any provision for the decision of questions or the
redress of wrongs by the sword; but provided
that all cases in law and equity arising under the
Constitution, the laws of the United States, and
treaties made, or which shall be made, under their
authority, all cases affecting embassadors, other
public ministers, and consuls; all cases of admi-
ralty and maritime jurisdiction; controversies to
which the United States shall be a party; con-
troversies between two or more States; between
a State and citizens of another State; beween citi-
zens of different States; between citizens of the
same State claiming lands under grants of differ-
ent States, should be decided by the United States
courts. Ail other questions and wrongs were
left to be determined by the sovereign people in
national convention.
The State governments were intended to up-
hold and support the General Government in the
possession and exercise of all the powers con-
ferred on it by the Constitution, and at the same
time to be the especial defenders of the States re-
spectively and of their people, in the possession
of ail powers not delegated by the language of
the Constitution to the Federal Government. Yet
the most of the State governments have not only
abandoned their great and particular trust, but
have betrayed their constituents by bringing all
their power to aid those who hold the United
States Government to subvert all States rights
and authority. The convention of Governors at
Altoona was a treasonable conclave, not only
against the Constitution and liberties of the
American people, but also against the States.
The passion and degeneracy of the day has not
only struck the Governors and governments of the
States, the Executive of the United States, and the
two Houses of Congress, but what is, if possible,
more deplorable, also the chiefest hope of the na-
tion, the Supreme Court, the great power that was
designed to give order, coherence, stability, and
interpretation of our complex system of Federal
and State governments. That court should be
composed of men of the most eminent judicial
statesmanship, with immovable fidelity'to the
Constitution as their crowning qualification. But
it has among its present members doctrinaires,
whose sublimated philanthropy and appreciation
of human rights furnish them with a higher law
than the Constitution, and others, who are ab-
sorbed and awed by the popular frenzy produced
by this great rebellion. The Constitution pro-
vides:
"New States may be admitted by the Congress into this
Union; but no new State shall be jormcd or erected within
the jurisdiction of any other State," <$ c.
In the face of this positive prohibition, Con-
gress formed the State of West Virginia, exclu-
sively within the boundary and jurisdiction of the
State of Virginia; and that court has decided
West Virginia to be a State in the Union. To
countenance and sustain the unnatural and futile
attempt to bring up the negro to a community of
civil, political, and social rights with the white
race tnat is now being made over the country
with frantic energy, that court has recently
shocked the sentiment of the nation by introdu-
cing to the bar of that court two negroes, denomi-
nated lawyers, who had no business in it.
National law does not attempt to regulate and
control civil war, other than thatall its battles and
military operations shall conform to the humane
modes of all modern war. Outside of this it estab-
lishes no principles, nor does it define any of the
rights of the parties to such a war. Every nation
that is so unfoi tunate as to have a civil war in its
bosom, except as to the matter of military oper-
ations, carries it on according to the will of the
parties to it, uninstructed and unrestrained by
national law. If that law were not thus silent,
not it, but our Constitution would give the lule.
It provides for all the forms and the whole sub-
ject of civil war. In addition to the powers to
lay and collect taxes, it has these provisions:
" The Contrross shall have power" u to raise and support
armies" &c.; " to provide and maintain a Navy;" to
provide for calling forth the militia to execute the laws of the
Union, suppress insurrections, ami rejiel invasions."
(i The (Jutted Slates shall guaranty to every State in tills
Union a republican form of government, and tball protect
each of them against invasion; and on application of the
Legislature, or of the Executive (when ihe Legislatute
cannot be convened) agaimt domestic violence
These are all the provisions of the Constitution
which bear upon the subject of civil war m any
form. There is no other law applicable to them in
our country. They establish legislative powers
which belong only to Congress. They could not
be conferred upon or shared with the President,
as constitutional powers, without an express pro-
vision to that effect. All the authority which he
can rightfully exercise in relation to the matteis
embodied in those provisions he derives from the
laws of Congress, and is bound by their requhe-
ments; and if those laws should be repealed he
would be left without any power over their sub-
jects. Congress alone has power to declare war,
and everybody concedes that the war which Con-
gress is empowered thus to make is war against a
foreign nation. That court has so ruled in three
ptize cases. That is the only war referred to in
the Constitution by that term. Such a war, a war
between foreign nations, only cairies with it bel-
ligerent rights, both on land and on sea; but a con-
flict of arms, a war, if you please, to execute the
laws of the Union, suppress insurrections, repel in-
vasions, or to quell domestic violence in a State, is a
domestic trouble—an internal war—in which the
laws of nations regulating belligerent rights have
no application. They can never apply until the in-
surgents have established their independence, and
become in fact a foreign nation. Until that con-
summation the insurgents are invested with no
belligerent rights, and are liable to be prosecutcd
and punished as criminals under the municipal
laws. While they have arms in their hands they
may be pressed and pursued with our whole mili-
tary and naval power; they maybe shot down in
battle, held as captives, and their resources may
be cut up and crippled by all the modes known to
civilized warfare; but neither they nor the Uni-
ted States have any belligerent rights, as they
are known and recognized by the laws of nations.
Nor are insurgents or rebels of such a hybrid na-
ture that they are subject to the laws of nations
which regulate the rights and responsibilities of
independent nations at war with each other, and
at the same time to the punishment denounced by
the civil and military laws of the United States
as her citizens for their crimes. To make them at
the same time subject to two codes generally dis-
cordant and often conflicting would beemimenily
absurd,,and without any warrant in the Consti-
tution. If States are declared by a law of Con-
gress and the proclamation of the Piesident to
be, and in fact are, in insurrection or rebellion
against the United States—and they mean the
same, a rebellion being buta great insurrection—
and there be a large portion of theirpeople opposed
to the rebellion and loyal to the United States,
to give belligerent rights to the United States
against such States would make all the people of
all the loyal States, at least, and all the people of
the rebel States, alien enemies of each other, nnd
subject to all the acts and consequences attendant
upon such a condition among foreign nations.
When the armies of the United States should oc-
cupy and hold the rebel States, all the property
belonging to such States would vest in the United
States by right of conquest. The property of every
citizen of the United States resident in a rebel State,
however loyal himself, situated in a loyal State,
would be forfeited to the United States. A mul-
titude of other consequences, violative of our Con-
stitution and shocking to reason and common
sense, would ensue. The Supreme Court has
applied this doctrine and these consequences to
this insurrection.
Mr. President, if the people of the United States
were assured that their Government would con-
tinue permanently what it has been practically for
three years, a military despotism ieared upon a
prostiate Constitution, who but paid mercenaries
would defend it? Who but slaves and cravens
would not rush to its overthrow? But for the
general hope that when the war ceases it will be
brought within the scope of its constitutional
powers, and that those who have so wickedly
perverted it will be ignominously driven from
their places and power, the upheaving of the still
liberty-loving masses of the people would ere this
have commenced.
Now, Mr. President, what inducements have
the people of the United States,and particularly
of Kentucky, still further to pile up the enormous
weight of taxes, beneath which, although paid
in a currency so greatly depreciated, they can
hardly now live? The Government has had too
many men and too much money m this conflict.
If U had had largely less of both it would not
have made such a continuous and successful war
upon the Federal and State constitutions and
the liberties of the American people; and more
taxes will enable it to carry on that war with re-
newed vigor and success. The problem is not
now the destruction of negro slavery, but the
enslavement of the white man, and the perpetu-
ation of the power of the party whose chosen
mission has been to effect both by the vast pat-
ronage and armies intrusted to it. The first
approaches its consummation; if the second is
averted it must be by the great diminution of the
armies and the expenditures of the Government,
and the manifestation by the people of their firm
purpose to maintain their Constitution and liber-
ties, come what may ! To regenerate the State
governments, and the Government of the Uni-
ted States, its legislative, executive, and judicial
departments, and to rescue the country from mil-
itary despotism, is the great work, and it can
be performed only by its sovereign power, the
people!
Mr. HALE. I rose when the Senator was in
a certain part of his speech laying down a prop-
osition which he said everybody conceded. I
simply wanted to say that l was not included in
that " everybody." I do not concede any such
thing. The proposition was that everybody con-
ceded that the power given by the Constitution
to Congress to declare war applied to a foreign
war and not to a civil war,
Mr. DAVIS. That was not the proposition.
Mr, HALE, That was the way I understood it.
