1136
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27.
Mr. DAVIS. That was not the proposition.
Mr. HALE. Will the Senator state what it
was ?
Mr. DAVIS. The proposition I laid down
was that everybody conceded that Congress had
no power to declare war except against a foreign
nation.
Mr. HALE. That was not the way you read it.
Mr. DAVIS. That is the way I wrote it and
read it, and that is the way it will stand.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Kentucky,
to postpone the bill indefinitely.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
now be read, and the amendments will be acted
on in their order.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill, as
follows :
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Jlmerica in Congress assembled, That
tho-aet entitled "An act to provide internal revenue to
support the Government, to pay interest on the public debt,
and for oilier purposed," uppioved June 30, 1864, be, and
the same is lieieby, amended as hereinafter set forth,
liamclv:
That section four be amended by striking out the word
« five" and inserting m lieu thereof the word " ten."
The first amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was to strike out lines eight and nine, as
follows :
That section four be amended by striking out the word
<( five"arid inserting m heu thereof the word " ten."
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 should like to know what
that proposition, striking out five and inserting
ten, is. Is it doubling some tax?
Mr. SHERMAN. I wili state that owing to
the peculiar nature of this bill,Senators ought to
have before them during its consideration the law
of last session, and then they can see at once
what is proposed to be stricken out. This sec-
tion—section four—provides for five revenue
agents at laige. The House of Representatives
proposed to increase the number to ten. We
were not satisfied of the necessity of the increase,
and hence we leave it at five.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would advise that each
Senator be provided with a copy of the law of
Inst session if he wishes to understand this bill.
With that law before him there will be no dif-
ficulty in understanding it.
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was to strike out, fiom line ten to line
twenty, as follows:
That section eight be amended by striking out, after the
words <kshall appoint" the words '• with tile approval of
the said Commissioner, one assistant assessor, who shall
be a resident of the district of said assessor; and in case
of a vacancy occiming in the office of assessor, by reason
of death oi any other cause, the assistant assessor," and
inserting in lieu thereof the words uon the recommenda-
tion of ihe said Commissioner, one or more assistant assess-
ois, who shall be residents or the district ot said assessoi;
and in ea.-e of a vacancy occurung in the olfice of as-
sessor, by reason of death or any other cause, the senior
assistant a-sessot."
And m lieu of them to insert:
That section eight he amended by striking out, after the
word-. within cadi of which the," the vvoids "■ Secietary
of the Tto;isUi> j wheat ver there shall be a vacancy, or the
public inteie^t shall requne, shall appoint, with the ap-
proval of t!ie said Commt->>ionei, one assistant a*-«e«^or,
who shall be a resident of thedisttict of said assessor," and
invirting in lieu theieof the woids " assessor, whenever
there '•lull be a vacancy, --hall appoint, with the approval
of saui Commissioner, one assistant assessor, who shall be
a lCsident of such assessment district. And hereafter no
more th-ui one as^i>t«iiit assessor shall be employed lor any
one a^essiuent district."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out lines
thirty-two, thirty-three, and thirty-four, as fol-
lows:
That section fourteen be amended by striking out the
woid u fifty" and insetting in lieu thereof the words
'• twenty-five."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the fol-
lowing words in lines thirty-eight, thirty-nine,
forty, and forty-one:
By iji-eriiii^aiter the words "reasonable charges for,"
the \v uid - advein-ing and by striking out all oi the first
proviso; and by striking out the word " further" m the
second pios iso.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is utterly impossible to
understand this bill in this way. We might just
as well pass it without acting on any of the
amendments.
Mr. SHERMAN. Senators can understand
the bill by having the law of last session before
them.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is impossible to follow
the Clerk as he is reading the bill and refer to
the act of last year.
Mr. SHERMAN I can explain the amend-
ments.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think if the chairman of
the Committee on Finance would explain the
amendments it would be better.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will do so.
Mr. ANTHONY. It seems to me a most re-
markable way to report a bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. The bill was sent to us as
it is, and we had to do the best we could with
it in a very short time. I will state that sec-
tion twenty-five fixes the compensation of col-
lectors.
Mr. ANTHONY. I suppose that this is the
portion of the bill relating to the machinery of the
system.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the Senator will explain
generally what the amendments as to the ma-
chinery are, we could either assent to themornot
understanding^.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state that upon the
Senate reassembling at seven o'clock I propose to
makfe a detailed statementofthe material changes,
butas to these smalleramendments 1 would rather
state them as we go along. This is probably a
more important amendment than appears on the
face of it. The twenty-fifth section of the present
law fixes the compensation of collectors. Among
other provisions it allows a collector a commis-
sion of one half of one per cent, on all sums col-
lected above $400,000. That was found in very
rich districts like those in the city of New Yotk
an enormous compensation, and theiefore the
House of Representatives put in a provision that
where the amount exceeded $1,000,000 only one
eighth of one percent, should be allowed.
Mr. ANTHONY. Is there not a limit to the
amount of compensation in all cases?
Mr. SHERMAN. Not in this regard. There
is in regard to assessors.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 thought the law provided
that in no case should the compensation of col-
lectors exceed $10,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. It does not affect this pro-
vision. The last clause which we strike out of
the item by this amendrnentallows them to charge
for advertising, which we did not deem a proper
charge.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after the words just
stricken out to insert as lines forty-two, forty-
three, forty-four and forty-five, the following:
That scction twenty-two be amended by inserting after
the words "and approved by the pioper" and before the
woid " officer," where they occur in three places in said
section, the woid " accounting;"
Mr. HOWE. I am under the impression that
this clausc from line forty-two to line forty-five
is transposed. I wish to call the attention of the
chairman to it. It should be inserted before line
thirty-five, it seems to me.
Mr. SHERMAN. Undoubtedly it is a trans-
positionin printing. The nextamendmentshould
be inserted before this one. The printers have
got it m afterward.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That trans-
position will be made according to the suggestion
of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. HOWE, Before the vote is taken on the
insertion of those lines I wish to suggest that the
word u officer" should be u officers," should be
plural instead of singular.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.' That change
will be made.
Mr. HOWE. After those words have been
adopted, will it be in order to modify or add to
them ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It would be in
order to insert additional words without modify-
ing the text of this amendment.
Mr. HOWE. I do not wish to modify these
words, but I wish to move a further amendment,
and I suppose I may as well do it now.
Mr. SHERMAN, i think we had better first
go through with the amendments of the commit-
^ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The usual or-
der is first to go through with the amendments
of the committee before receiving amendments
from individual Senators. The question is on this
amendment of the committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. This isasomewhat import-
ant amendment. It is very difficult to amend a
law in the way here proposed by the House of
Representatives, as I shall show this evening. It
almost deterred me from examining this bill. But
the purpose of this amendment I will state very
briefly. According to the old law the vouchers,
for clerk hire,&c., were to be passed upon by
the proper officers of the Government." The
question camc up for decision,who were the proper
officers of the Government? The Commissioner
of Internal Revenue was a proper officer of the
Government in one sense, and it was construed
thatthe Commissioner of internal Revenue should
be the auditor to audit and pass on these accounts.
I think myself it was a very ridiculous construc-
tion; but to remove all ambiguity we propose
to insert the word " accounting," so that these
vouchers must pass under the supervision of the
accounting officers of the Treasury, being of
course the Auditor and Comptroller.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on inserting the lines in italics, lines forty-
two, forty-three, forty-four, and forty-five, pre-
ceding line thirty-five.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
one hundred and seventy-five the following:
That section forty be amended by inserting after the
words " appointment of a successoi" the words (i Pro-
vided, That in case it shall appear to the Secretary of the
Ticasury that the interest of the Government shall so le-
quiie, he may, by his otder, duect said duties to be per-
lorined by such other one of the said deputies as he may
in suchotder designate."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after the
word " amended " in line one hundred and eighty-
eightthe words " by inserting after the word ' dis-
tiller,' where it first occurs the words ' before dis-
tilling any spirits,'"so as to make the clause read:
That section fifty-three be amended by inserting after the
word " distiller," where it first occurs, the words " before
distilling any spints;" by striking out after the word
any," ami preceding the woid* " still or stills," the word
" additional by sinking out after the word " used," and
preceding the woids '• shall bo erected" the words "as
aforesaid,"and inserting in lieu thereof the words "for
distilling;" and by inserting alter the words "shall be
erected," the words or used."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike from tho
clause amending section sixty-one the following
words,m lines two hundred and thirty-three, two
hundred and thirty-four, tsvo hundred and thirty-
five, and two hundred and thirty-six:
Also by inserting after the word " warehouse," and be-
fore the words " and no drawback," the following word.*:
" and the same fees shall be allowed for expoits as arc al-
lowed to exporters for like services in the custom-house."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendmentwas to strike out the fol-
lowing proviso in lines two hundred andseventy-
seven, two hundred and seventy-eight, two hun-
dred and seventy-nine, two hundred and eighty,
and two hundred and eighty-one:
Provided further, That no man between the ages of
twenty and forty-five who b not enrolled for military duty,
or reguldily exempted from enrollment or draft for physical
disability, shall be entitled to a license as a peddler.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert before the
word " town" in line three hundred and twenty-
one the words " State, county," so as to make
the clause read:
Provided, however, That persons appointed by any State,
county, city, township, or district, or the officers thereof,
to procure the enlistment of volunteers or the substitutes
to till the quota of such State, county, city, township,or
district, for the military service of the United States, under
the call of the President of the United States, shall not be
considered substitute brokers: And provided further, That
such person or agent shall receive no compensation except
that which is given by such State, county, town, city, or
district.
The amendment was agreed to.
The hour of half past four o'clock having ar-
rived, the Senate took a recess till seven o'clock
p. m.
