THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY F. & J. RIVES. WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Eightii Congress, 2l> Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1865.
New Series No. 72.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at seven o'clock p.m.
COLOlllSp BENEVOLENT ASSOCIATION.
Mr. DIXON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to consider at tins time Senate bill
No. 451, to incorporate a Colored Union Benev-
olent Association in the city of Washington.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The motion can only be entertained
by unanimous consent.
There being no objection, the bill (S.No. 451)
to incorpoidtc the Colored Union Benevolent As-
sociation, was read a second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole, it proposes to
declare Garden Snovvden, Charles Brown,
James Weight, Sandy Alexander, Henry Logan,
Charles Wilson, Henry Brooks, John Shorter,
Joseph Shorter,and their associates and success-
ors, a body politic and corporate by the name
and title of the Colored Union Benevolent Asso-
ciation, located in the city of Washington, with
the usual powers and privileges of a corporation.
The objects of the association are to be to provide
for the care and comfort of such members as shall
be sick, disabled, or dependent, and of the fami-
lies of such members, in cases where the proper
officers of the association shall deem it expedient,
and also to provide for the decent interment of
such persons as may die in membership of the
association, or belonging to the families of such
members.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
CONTINENTAL HOTEL COMPANY.
Mr. DIXON. I also ask that by unanimous
consent the bill to incorporate the Continental
Hotel Company of this city may be taken up and
acted upon.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 7G4) to incorporate the Con-
tinental Hotel Company of the city of Washing-
ton. It proposes to declare Lewis Delmonico, of
New York city, B. B. French, Henry D. Cooke,
John W. Forney, of Washington city, Stephen
Flanagan, William Overfield, junior, J. Warren
Brown, of Maine, Thornton Smith, George D.
Kellogg, and George Plowman, of Philadelphia,
and their associates, and all persons who now or
hereafter may be holders of the stock, a body
politic or coiporate by the style of the Conti-
nental Hotel Company, with the usual powers of
a corporation, for the construction of a hotel in
the city of Washington, with such supplementary
buildings as may be adapted to and form part of
the general plan and design thereof, and with
power to furnish and equip it for the accommo-
dation and use of any parties who may be desir-
ous of renting and occupying it.
The capital stock of the corporation is not to
exceed $2,000,000, divided into twenty thousand
shares of $100 each.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend the bill by add-
ing the following as an additional section:
Sec. 7. And he it farther enactcd, That Congress may at
any tune hereafter alter, amend, or repeal this dinner.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I move that the farther
consideration of this bill be indefinitely post-
poned. I think that the Congress of the United
States, in this the last week of the session, when
there is so much business to do, could be better
employed than in considering a bill to incorporate
a hotel company. 1 therefore move that the bill
be indefinitely postponed.
The motion was not agreed to.
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from New Hampshire.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. H ENDRICKS. 1 listened to the reading
of this bill with some care, and I wish to call the
attention of the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Sumner] to the fact that there is no provision in
it requiring this incorporated company to enter-
72
tain guests without reference to color. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. SUMNER. But the Senator knows per-
fectly well the rule of the common law on that
subject. A hotel has no right to refuse any re-
spectable person.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If that rule of the com-
mon law applies to hotels, it applies clearly to
railroad companies with more force.
Mr. SUMNER. I know it applies to railroad
companies.
Mr. HENDRICKS. But the Senator thought
it necessary to detain the business of the country
in making such a provision applicable to railroad
companies, and I thought he had overlooked it in
this bill.
Mr. SUMNER. It was because the occasion
had occurred with regard to the railroad com-
pany. That company, it is notorious, has per-
severed in violating the law.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended ,
and theamendment was concurred in,and ordered
to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third
time. It was read the third time, and passed.
\
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House hnd agreed to some and disagreed to
other amendments of the Senate to the bill of the
House (H. R. No. 649) making appropriations
for the legislative, executive, and judicial ex-
penses of the Government for the year endmgthe
30th of June, 1866, and had agreed to other amend-
ments of the Senate to the said bill, with amend-
ments, asked a conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon, and had appointed
Mr. Kasson, Mr. H. Winter Davis, and Mr.
Malloiiy, managers at the same on us part.
The Senate proceeded to consider us amend-
ments to the bill of the House (H. R. No. 649)
making appropriations for the legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial expenses of the Government
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1866, dis-
agreed to by the* House of Representatives, and
the amendments of the House to other amend-
ments of the Senate to the said bill; and
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, it was
Resolved, That the .Senate insist upon it«* amendments
to the said hill disagreed to bj the Hmifs of llepicsenta-
tives, disagree to the amendments oT the Hou*e toother
amendments of the Senate thereto, and agiee to the con-
ference a*ked by the Hou&e on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses theteon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the Senate
be appointed by the Vice President; and
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr. Sher-
man, Mr. Harris, and Mr. Nesmith.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 82) m relation to the distribu-
tion of books and documents; which thereupon
received the signature of the Vice President.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think wc had now better
proceed with the business regularly in order.
Mr. HENDRICKS. There is not a quorum.
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, there is.
Mr. HOWE. There is not a quorum here, I
suggest to the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance, and there is a private bill which has been
lying on my table for some time, whieh has
passed the House, which I should like to take up
and act upon now.
Mr. SHERMAN. If I give way to the Sen-
ator, there are others here that have similar re-
quests to make.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The regular
order of business is called for, and no other busi-
ness can be entertained except by unanimous
consent.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to appeal to the
Senator from Ohio to allow at least half an hour
of the evening sessions to private bills and little
matters of that sort.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we had better pro-
ceed with the regular order.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If ail the rest of the time
is to be given to public measures, we shall not
be able to act on private bills at all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The regular
order being called for, the Chair can entertain no
motion except to postpone it, and the Senate
will resume, as in Committee of the Whole, the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 744) to
amend an alentitled " An act to provide internal
revenue to support the Government, to pay in-
tereston thcpublicdebt,and for other purposes,"
approvrd June30,1864. The Secretary will con-
tinue the reading of the bill, beginning ut page 14,
line three hundied and twenty-two.
The Secretary continued the reading of the bill.
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was after line three hundred and twenty-
six to insert the words, " ail licenses herein pro-
vided for shall take effect on the 1st day of May
next;" so that the clause will read:
"52. Insurance brokers shall pay twenty-five dollars for
each license. Any person who shall negotiate or procure
insurance in behalf ol another person or party for which
he shall receive any pay. coimm*-&ion, oi compensation,
shall be icgaided a3 an insurance broker under this act,"
and the liccnso* hrrem provided for bhall take effect on
the lstday of May next.
Mr. VAN WINKLE! I wish td call the at-
tention of the chairman of the committee to this
amendment. It appears to me that it does not
express what is intended by the committee. The
intention was that the provision in reference to
licenses shall take effect on and after the 1st day
of May next; but this would seem to confine all
that to the 1st of May next.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is an amendment to
the entire section relating to licenses. This pro-
vision is to be added after that section. It says:
And the licenses herein provided for—
That is, in the section—
shall take effect on the 1st day of May next.
I think the amendment is correct.
Mr. COLLAMEft. That does not change the
license system now in operation.
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 14, after line
three hundred and thirty-three, to strikeout the
followingclause:
That section eurlity-lhree be amended bv inserting after
the words " within Ins district, monthly,'' the words
"within ten day* from the 20lh d.iy of e.teh mouM,"
and by insetting after the vvo\d^ l< such duties within" the
woid "said." and by striking out after the woids "ten
days," following the words {kattei demand in writing de-
livcied to him in person, or left at his house or place of
business, or manufactory, or sent by mail."
Mr.SHERMAN. I desire to make some gen-
eral observations to the Senate in regaid to the
financial condition of the country, and especially
the details and merits of thi^l^Il, and 1 may as
well avail myself of the present occasion to say
what I have to say. It will save time.
The late period of the session at which the
House of Repiesentatives sent us this bill pre-
cludes full discussion upon any of the important
questions presented in it. The House is jealous
of its exclusive prerogative of originating revenue
bills, but it ought at least to give us an opportu-
nity to exercise our undoubted power to amend
them. This important measure, affecting every
industrial interest of the country, declaring m iis
title that it is to piovide revenue to support the
Government and pay interest on the public debt,
containing fifty pages of printed matter, every
line demanding an examination of the previous
law, was sent to us within two weeks of the close
of the session. The Committee on Finance have
worked diligently to prepare it for the consider-
ation of the Senate, and now, duung the closing
week, with all the hu.-ry incident to the closing
days of the session, with the appropriation bills
still pending between the two Houses, we must
uige the Senate to pass judgment upon the Qumer*
ous provisions of this'biil rather than. to d-iscusa
them.
