372
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
I want to have this man excluded from the floor,
and there have done with the matter, i move
that as a substitute for the original resolution.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I am sorry
to hear the remarks of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Moorhead] in reference to the
character of this proceeding. 1 hold that you
cannot magnify this proceeding in regard to its
character. "Whether Mr. Kelley, a member of
the House, has been assaulted, or whether Mr.
Field or any one else has been admitted to the
privileges of the floori is a matter of the least pos-
sible consideration, as is also the question whether
Mr. ICelley comes from Pennsylvania or from
Ohio, as compared with the great question which
underlies this whole proceeding which i propose
to the House.
Mr. Speaker, I know how able my friend from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Mooruead] is to protect him-
self. 1 have not spoken in this resolution of this
man Field as having been admitted, by any former
resolution of the House, to the privileges of the
floor. I studiously excluded that, wishmgto pre-
sent to the House the simple question whether any
citizen, of any State or of any country, can under-
take to intimidate or prevent from the free exer-
cise of judgment and action on questions of legis-
lation a member of Congress of the United States.
1 knew that that question had be^n distinctly
raised in the case of Stanbery and Houston in
1831-32, and thai the House, against its political
character—it being then largely Democratic—
maintained the ground that an attack made upon
a member for wordsspoken in debate on this floor
was such a breach of the privileges of the House
as should be visited by punishment. After a long
investigation at the bar of the House, Houston
was brought before the barof the House of Rep-
resentatives and publicly reprimanded for his con-
duct by Mr. Stevenson, the Speaker, according
to the order which the House had made, in that
reprimand, which I commend to the consideration
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Moon-
head,] Mr. Stevenson, with ull his political nihil-
ities and prejudices in favor of the culprit, took
occasion, nevertheless, to speak in noble terms of
the immense importance of protectingand defend-
ing free speech and free legislation m the House
of Representatives against any attempt at intimi-
dation from any citizen or other poison.
Mr. DAWES, if the gentleman from Ohio
will yield to me I will cite another instance that
occurred in the other branch of Congress. When
the late Senator Shields was elected, as he
claimed, Senator from the State of Illinois, and
when his seat was contested on the ground that
he was not naturalized within the constitutional
period, some one wrote a threatening letter to him
and the Senate tookaction on itsimilar to that pro-
posed here.
Mr. SCHENCK. The precedent to which I
have referred is not by any means tho only one;
but it is one dating as far back as 1831-32, to which
I believe every other since that time has con-
formed.
Now, it is true, perhaps, that this man, A. P.
Field, who has made the assaultupon a member,
has been admitted to some privilege upon this
floor, as one claiming a seat here as himself a
Representative of the people. I have taken care
not to mention that in the resolution, because I
desire that, if such should be disclosed as a part
of the history of the case and of the relation of
that individual to this House, it should come in
by way of aggravation of his offense, just as, in
the case of Houston, the fact that he had been
himself a member of Congress before the time
of his making this assault upon one who was
then a member, was cited by Mr. Stevenson, the
Speaker, as a reason why he particularly had in-
curred the just censure of the House, being a man
who ought better to have understood the privi-
leges of the legislative body.
I beg leave to read, in reply mainly to the sug-
gestion made by the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, some of the remarks made by Mr. Steven-
, gon,ofVirginia,Speakerof the House, (afterward
minister to England,) in reprimanding Houston:
<l If, in fulUMinj; the order of the House, I were called
upon, as Its Pitbiuujg Qificer, to repumand an individual
uneducated and uiuntoru;('d, ft might be expected that f
should endeavor, as far as J way u})|e> to unpiess upon him
the importance and propriety of sedulously guarding from
violation the rights and privileges secured to the members
trC t&Js Ho^e by our invaluable Constitution j but ypJ>©|}
addres^tne a citizen of your clmracternnd intelligence, and
one who hashim^elfbeen honored by the people with a seat
in this IJou-sc, it cannot be necee?saiy that I should add to
the duty enjoined upon me by dwelling upon the character
or consequences of the offense with which you have been
chaiged and found guilty. Whatever has a tendency to im-
pair the freedom of debate in this House, a freedom no less
sacred than the authority of the Constitution itself, or to
detract from the independence of the Representativesof the
people in the rightful discharge of their high functions, you
are, no doubt, sensible, must, in the same piopoition,
weaken and degrade not only the Legislature of the nation
itself, but the character of our free institutions."
It is therefore, I say, a matter of very little
consequence who has been assaulted, so far as
he himself is concerned; a matter of very little
consequence who is the person who has made
the assault; a matter of very little consequence
whether the person assaulted or others in this
House may or may not be able and willing to
defend themselves against personal attacks. I
trust there is no one here who would be craven
enough to permit himself to be drubbed at pleas-
ure by anybody outside for what he had done
here while waiting for the House toact; but over
and beyond that, and beyond the action of the
police courts of the country, arises this question
towering above all others, how far this House,
as a part of the legislative department of the Gov-
ernment, will sit quietly by and permit anybody
to interfere with members and assault them or
undertake to intimidate and bully them and deter
them from the free course of legislation here, and
the part which they have taken, and which it is
their duly to take, in that legislation.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, there is, I think, no
one upon this side of the House who does not
believe that tins is a question of privilege. There
is no one upon tins side of the House, so far as I
am aware, who would object to the motion as
made by my colleague from Ohio; and I think that
the compliments ot the House are due to the gen-
tleman for having presented this matter in the
proper shape and with its proper dignity. But 1
think that the motion of the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Faunsworth] will tend to embarrass
the matter somewhat, because it prejudges the
case; it debars a quasi member, or a man who
seeks piivdegea upon this flour, ah end y granted
to some extent, from coming here to present the
claims of his constituency and the chums of his
State. 1 would not, sir, be instrumental in de-
barring anyone from presenting a case like that to
be presented from the State of Louisiana. What-
ever may be my opinion in the matter, I would not
so far prejudice, or prejudge the case as to rule out
this man merely on the testimony as presented.
First let us have this examination; let us know
just what is the grievance complained of; let us
know how far this man has violated the piivilege
of this House, either by intimidation or otherwise,
and then the Honse will bo prepared to take action
upon the case. The man who is inculpated should
also be heard, nototi his own account, but on ac-
count of the constituency that he claims to repre-
sent. 1 think that the gentleman from Illinois will
see the propnety of withdrawing his amendment
and allowing the resolution of my colleague to be
passed, so that an examination may be made and
a fair hearing given to the man inculpated. Every
man is entitled to be heard fairly before adjudged
or convicted; and the amendment of the gen tie man
from Illinois [Mr. Faunsworth] goes upon the
idea that this man is already guilty. Perhaps he
is; but let us first have an examination into that,
and then we will be prepared to vindicate the
privileges of the House.
Mr. Speaker, 1 do not know that I would bring
my case, if i had one, before the members of this
body. 1 think that I would be preputed, owing
to my physical capacity, to defend myself under
the circumstances. [Laughter.]
But that is not the question before us. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania over there—1 refer
to the gentleman from Pittsburg [Mr. Moor-
head]—having a ponderous frame, having the
ability to defend himself, does not feel the case
as it comes home to me and other members upon
this floor. There is a dispute as to the facts ap-
parent already on the first reading. The gentle-
man from Pennsylvania claims that there was in-
timidation of him and his action upon this floor.
The party inculpated says that he did not intend
to intimidate the action of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania. Let us have the issue fairly under-
stood, and then the House will be prepared to act
on the subject. But I will not prejudge the case
by voting for the amendment of the gentleman
from Illinois.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body further insisted upon its amend-
ments to House bill No. 620, to supply deficien-
cies in the appropriations for the service of the fis-
cal year ending the 30th of June, 1865, disagreed
to by the House, asked a further conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon,
and had appointed Messrs. Clark, Trumbull,
and Powell the committee of conference on the
part of that body;
That it had passed bills of the following titles, in
which he v/as directed to ask the concurrence of
the House:
An act (S. No. 402) to repeal an act entitled
" An act to remove the United States arsenal from
the city of St. Louis, and to provide for the sale
of the lands on which the same is locatedand
An act (S. No. 136) for the relief of A. T,
Spencer and Gurdon S. Hubbard;
That it had passed House bill No. 94, for the re-
lief of IsaacR. Diller, with amendments, in which
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House;
That it had passed House joint resolution No.
140, authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to
give the necessary notice stipulated pending the
intention of the United States to purchase the
building known as the Merchants' Exchange,
New York city, now used for custom-house pur-
poses, without amendment;
That it had agreed to the amendment of the
House to Senate joint resolution No. 98, to pre-
sent the thanks of Congress to Major General
Alfred Ii. Terry,and the officers and men under
his command; and
That it requested the return of Senate bill No.
212, for the relief of Henry A. Biigham.
BRKACII OF PRIVILEGE AGAIN.
Mr.THAYER. Mr.Speaker,! desire to call
the attention of the House to the fact that in
Houston's case, which has been referred to by the
gentleman from Ohio who introduced this reso-
lution, immediately on the communication being
presented to the House from Mr. Stanbery,
member of Congress from Ohio, Mr. Vance, one
of the Representatives fiom the State of Ohio,
moved the following resolution:
" Resolved, That the Speaker do issue his warrant, di-
rected to the Sergeant- at-Arms attending this House, com-
manding him to take in custody, wherever to he found, thd
body of Samuel Houston,and the same in his cu&tody to
keep, subject to the further oider and duection ot' tins
House."
The resolution was read; and after debate
thereon a motion was made by Mr. Speight to
amend the same by strikmgout ail after the word
" resolved," and inserting tiie following:
" That a select committee be appointed, to whom shall b«
referred the communication of lion. William Staitbety, a
memliPi of thu limine (rom the State of Ohio, in relation to
an assault and hattery commuted on him by Samuel Hous-
ton, with power to take such steps as vviiJ insure a thorough
investigation of the tian&acuon/'
After further debate, the question was put on Mr.
Vance's original resolution, and it was adopted
on the mere communication from a member of this
House who had been assaulted. This House, by
a large majority, adopted the resolution of Mr.
Vance, anil commanded the Speaker of this
House to issue his warrant for the immediate
arrest of the offender, and his compulsory attend-
ance before the House to answer for a high breach
of its privileges.
There is another case which occurred at the
second session of the Twenty-Third Congress, in
which Mr. John Ewmg,a memberof this House,
was assaulted by John F. Lane, a lieutenant of the
United States Navy, and on the communication
of the fact to the House, the House immediately
asserted its jurisdiction and took all the proceed-
ings in the premises.
Now, .sir, it is objected by the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr, Cox] that the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Illinois presupposes the guilt of the
defendant. The principle upon which this House
has heretofore acted in cases of this kind is this:
that where a prima facie case has been shown to
the House of a breach of its privileges, this House
will act immediately by an arrest of the offender,
