1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
m
and bringing him to the bar of the House to an-
swer for his high offense. That was done in the
Houston case. He was immediately brought to
the bar of the House.
A Voice. He was a member.
Mr. THAYER. No, sir; I beg the gentle-
man's pardon; he was not a member of the House,
but he had been a member. And, sir, I suppose
that the case of a man who is here asking for ad-
mission to this House presents quite as strong a
case for the action of this House as that of a man
who had been a member of the House.
But the action of the House has never been
confined to cases of assaults committed by a mem-
ber upon a member. The cases are numerous on
the Journal of the House in which the House has
asserted its determination to maintain its privi-
leges and its dignity by arresting and bi irigmg to
its bar, and trying and punishing anybody, it
makes no difference who, who isguilty of a breach
of the privileges of this House. There can be no
greater breach of the privilege of this House than
an assault upon a member of the House for his
political action.
Now, 1 surest to the gentleman from OhiofMr.
CoxJ if the House of Representatives was justi-
fied in Houston 5s case, upon the simple statement
of Mr. Stanbery, a member of the House*, in
ordenng its Seigeant-at-Arms to take Mr. Hous-
ton into custody, and bring him immediately to
its bar for ttiul, where he was tried and punished,
that we do not go beyond the precedent simply
in passing a resolution that the gentleman who is
accused of having committed this breach of privi-
lege shall be excluded from the privileges of the
floor of this House during the examination which
is contemplated by the resolution before the House.
Mr. COX. Do I understand the gentleman to
say that he would vote for this amendment as a
punishment, without giving the gentleman from
Louisiana a hearing upon thiy floor?
Mr. THAYER. Not at all.
Mr. COX. Then you are not in favor of the
amendment?
Mr. THAYER. I favor it upon this ground:
I think that no mun against whom a prima facie
case is made out by a member of tins House of
an assault upon him in the exercise of his repre-
sentative privileges, is fit to come into this House
while he rests under that charge. If the investi-
gation shall prove that the charge is groundless,
that there has been an error of fact, 1 will be as
quick as anybody to vote to restore the gentleman
to the privileges of wluch he is deprived. 13ut I
maintain that a proper assertion of the dignity
and self-respect of this House requires, when
a prima Jacie case is made against a man of an
assault committed upon a member of this House
for the exercise of his privilege as a Representa-
tive, that that man shall not be permitted to come
into this House until he lias cleared his skirts of
the charge preferred against him.
I have only to add that the present circum-
stances place this case in as strong a light as the
case of Houston. Although no communication
lias been addressed to this House by my colleague,
who was subjected to this gross and brutal insult,
yet the testimony of that gentleman, given before
the tribunal which examined into the chaige, has
been read within the hearing of my colleague,
and he has not denied its correctness, and, by re-
maining silent, he has given his acquiescence to
the correctness of the report. Members of the
House, then, in my opinion, are bound to take
the statement which has been read within the
hearing of the gentleman fiom the fourth district
of Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] as the statement
of the gentleman himself. It is the record of his
own testimony; it is a record which, by listening
to here, he indorsed as correct; and Uieiefore it
stands before the House in as strong a light as if
the gentleman from the fourth district of Penn-
sylvania had sent a written communication to this
Ilouse, informing this House of all the circum-
stances of the assault—the manner in which it was
done by Stanbery in the Houston case.
The House cannot be too jealous of its dig-
nity and its rights. We do not inquire in regard
to a private injury. It is upon no such idea that
the action of this House is predicated. It goes
upon higher grounds, and those grounds are\hat
the rights of the people in the keeping of their
Representatives here upon the floor of this Hall, i
as well as the untrammeled liberty of the Repre- |
sentative to act according to his best conscience
in regard to the rights and interests of his con-
stituents on political questions which come before
the House, are of so sacred a character that the
House will rebuke the first intimation of an inva-
sion of them in attempting to influence the con-
duct of a member of this Ilouse by an appeal to
violence. It is upon this principle that this House
hasahvaysacted. Itisupon this principle,I trust,
that the House will act now; and I hope that the
House will not show by its action in the present
case thatitis behind theTwenty-Second Congress
in its appreciation of its own dignity and self-re-
spect, and in the assertion of its determination to
bring to immediate justice anybody who outrages
the rights of (he people in the person of the Repre-
sentative. Sir, 1 hold that while this inquiry is
going on, and in the face of the prima facie case
which has been presented to the House, the per-
son who has been charged with this offense should
be excluded from the privileges of the floor of this
House.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, I wish to add only a
word or two. I think my colleague [Mi\Schenck]
hasfollowcd the precedents laid down m the Hous-
ton and Stanbery case, and that he intends to give
a fair chance for an examination of this case before
he proceeds to affix a penally. That case of Hous-
ton and Stanbery was a case that excited a great
deal of interestat the time. It is well known,and
especially in my own district, for Stanbery hap-
pened to be a predecessor of mine in the district
which 1 formerly represented, and he never came
back to Congress because he submitted to this
flagellation by Houston. But the resolution of-
fered by Mr. Davis, of Massachusetts, in that case
looked to a fair hearing before punishment. An
order was made that Houston should be placed
at the barof the House and thatthe letter of Stan-
bery should be lead to him; after winch the
Speaker put to him certain interrogatories. Here
i<3 one of them: u Do you deny oradmit that you
assaulted and beat the said Stanbery, as he has rep-
resented in the letter which has been read, a copy
of which has been delivered to you by the order
of the House?" This was preliminary to pun-
ishment. But the gentleman proposes to hang
the man first and try him afterward. That is not
fair; it is not according to the rules of criminal
jurisprudence.
Mr. THAYER. The gentleman will allow me
to say that 1 do not propose to do any such thing.
I do not propose to punish this man until ho be
duly convicted; but I do propose, after a prima
facit case is made out againgtium,to exclude him
fiom the floor of the House until investigation
shall prove him innocent.
Mr. COX. Well, 1 look upon that as a pen-
alty, as a punishment, and pethaps the only pun-
ishment that this House can inflict upon him.
The only connection he has with the House is
the privilege of the floor which the House has
granted him.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will my colleague yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. COX. Ceitainly, sir.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I have made
myself familiar with this Stanbery case, and in-
deed I had a pretty lively recollection of thatcase
from Us political aspect; for, although then a very
young man, I was connected with one of the
members hero who was very active in the course
of tins proceeding, in seeing that properaction of
the House was had as against Houston.
The member from Pennsylvania [Mr. Tiiayer]
is right in this, that in that case, instead of ap-
pointing a committee m the first place to inves-
tigate and report to the House, a wairant was
immediately issued, and Houston was brought
to the bur of the House. I have no objection at
all to that course being pursued now. I thought
that perhaps the one which I have proposed
might save time and accomplish the end as well.
That was my only reason for deviating from that
particular precedent. After Houston had been
brought to the barof the House, however, acom-
mittee was appointed, at the head of which was
Mr. Davis, of Massachusetts, to report what pro-
ceedings the House would take in the case. That
committee reported that Houston, who had been
sent from the bar while the matter was being dis-
cussed, should be again brought to the bar and
certain questions put to him in succession, touch-
ing his admission or denial of the charge made
by Mr. Stanbery; and after a full examination of
Houston, himself, at the bar, he w$s again with-
drawn, and the House proceeded to consider
what they would do.
Now, it so happened that Houston, having
been a member of the House, had the privilege
of the floor at that time. There was a proposi-
tion to exclude him from the privileges of the floor
pending the consideration of his case; but after
the case had been fully heard a motion was made
that he be punished in this form: first, that he be
brought to the barof the House, and reprimanded
by the Speaker for the assault made on a mem-
ber of the House; and second, that he be deprived
of the privileges of the floor under—I think it
was—the 13th rule. The House, it being in high
party times, voted down that part of the punish-
ment which excluded him from the floor; but it
did adopt the resolution directing the Speaker to
reprimand him,and he was punished accordingly.
So that not only did the House notexclude Hous-
ton from the floor during the progress of the in-
quiry, but when that was proposed as a form of
punishment it was voted down. That happens
to be the fact in regard to Houston's case, who
himself had the privilege of the floor as an ex-
member, just as Field has now the privilege of
the floor by an express resolution of the House.
It was for that reason that I left out everything
relating to Field's having the privilege of the floor,
intending lo leave that part of it for a future pro-
ceeding. If it be thought that part of the pun-
ishment should be to deprive him of the priv-
ilege of the floor, I, for one, shall think it a proper
mode of punishment, and a very small part of
what should be extended to him. But I did not
propose that that should be done in the first
instance.
Again, the gentleman is mistaken in this; but
it is only to be accounted for by the fact that it
was in high party times. Mr. Stanbery com-
municated by letter to the House that an assault
had been made upon him by Mr. Houston, a cit-
izen, near his lodgings on Pennsylvania avenue.
On the motion being made to arrest Houston, a
discussion arose, and it was questioned whether
there was sufficient showing for the action of tho
House in the written statement of the member;
and some of the colleagues and friends of Mr.
Stanbery yielded a point which I think I never
would have yielded, and in the midst of the dis-
cussion they sent out Mr. Stanbery and had an
affidavit made of the truth of the facts stated in the
letter. All that is obviated here, however, be-
cause the testimony which I have introduced is
already sworn to. I do not think that any mem-
ber has objected to it on the ground of its not
being sufficient. I think I should prefer that Mr.
Field should be brought to the bar of the House
by the Sergeant-at-Arms, as was done in Hous-
ton's case; but, on consideration, I supposed that
the other was a better mode. I should not object
to an amendment proposing that Field should be
brought to the bar of the House instead of what
is proposed by my resolution; but in regard to
the other matter of excluding him from the floor
now, it is not only, as my colleague [Mr. Cox]
has said, anticipating the decision and giving
punishment before inquiry, but it is, so far as
Houston's case is concerned, directly in face of
the precedent where the House refused to take
away from him the privileges of the floor.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, if this
were a proceeding like the proceedingm the case
of Houston, where the Speaker was directed to
issue his warrant for the immediate arrest of the
offender, there would be, of course, no propiiety
in refusing the individual the privilege of the floor,
because, in such case, he could only come on the
floor under'arrest. The resolution offered by the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] is for the
appointment of a committee to investigate the
case and report upon it to the House. This in-
dividual is not entitled, by right, to the privileges
of the floor; nor is there any rule of the House
entitling him to it. There is only an order of the
House giving him that courtesy. It does seem
to me that where & prima facie case like this is
made out by the statement of the aggrieved party
from Pennsylvania, it is eminently proper that,
this courtesy, heretofore extended to the culprit,
should be withdrawn until the case shall have
been investigated.
1 do not propose to reply to the argument of
