1140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
from the place of" and inserting in lieu thereof the word
"manufacture," and in the next following paragraph by
striking out (he word " that" where it lirst occms and in-
serting in lion thcieof the word ^thc.'"
Mr. HENDRiCKS. I suggest that to under-
stand the bill at all it must be read by the Secre-
tary in connection with the old law. if may take
a little longer to do so; but 1 suggest that the old
law bp, read as if it were the bill before the body
while we are considering this class of amend-
ments.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have no doubt if the
honorable Senator from Ohio will consent, and
will take the time, he can explain to us what those
changes are, and when he says that such a one
is merely to correct a mistake or an error in the
old law, (hat will be satisfactory.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I shall be satisfied with
that.
Mr. SHERMAN. The amendment now pend-
ing to section eighty-six is simply an amendment
of phraseology. If Senators will turn to the old
, law, page forty-six. they will find thatdeductions
' may be allowed in certain cases.
" 1. Freight from the place of deposit at the tune of sale
to the place of delivery."
The change proposed here is to strike out the
\vord3 " deposit at the time of sale," and to in-
sert " manufacture;" so that it will read:
1. Freight from the place of manufacture to the place of
delivery.
This is the only amendment to section eighty-
six.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no doubt that is very
clear, but still I cannot understand it.
The Secretary continued the reading of the bill,
as follows:
That faction eighty-seven be amended by striking out
after the woidsli accurately setting" the word " for,"and
inserting in h"U thereof the word •' forth," and after the
words? " description ofthe manufactured article," by strik-
ing our the word* " the proposed maiket lor the same,
whether foreign or domestic," and by inserting after the
word " assessor," and preceding the word " assistant," the
word " or."
Mr. JOHNSON. I should like to know how
that section will read if amended in that way. It
is impossible to understand the bill in ita present
ehape.
Mr. GRIMES. I will send to the Secretary,
and ask him to read, that sectio-n (eighty-seven)
which is proposed thus to be amended. It will
be seen that it is a section of nearly a page in
length, and this clause of the bill proposes to
strike out ceitain words in certain places in that
section.
Mr. JOHNSON. That I understand very well;
but I want to know, if it can be done, and I sup-
pose ir can, if it is not better to read the section
as it will be after it is amended as proposed.
Mr. SHERMAN. We should never get
through with the bill in that way, and then we
would not understand it.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 cannot understand it in its
present shape. We might just as well pass the
bill as it is reported as to consider it in this way.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 will explain it, and try
to make myself understood. The bill before us
provides:
That section eighty-seven be amended by striking out
after the word-* "accurately settine" the word "for," and
iiiserungmheu thereof the word " forth."
That is a mere verbal correction. Then it goes
on-:
And after the words "description of the manufactured
article,hv stukiug out the words " the proposed market
for the same, whether foreign or domestic," and by insert-
ing alter the word assessor," and preceding the word
"•assistants" the word "or."
If the Senator has the bill of the last session be-
fore him, as 1 have, he will see m a moment that
it is a section in regard to the manufacture of to-
bacco, snuff, and cigars. The manufacturers of
those articles are required to make an additional
statement to the assessor.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 cannot imagine what ob-
jection, except that it will take a little more time,
there can be to reading the law of last session
as it will be if these amendments are adopted;
bat it is impossible for us to understand it in any
other way.
Mr. SHERMAN, 1 am willing to have 'the j
experiment tried.
Air. JOHNSON. Let us try it for a time, at
gtny rate.
Mr. CONNESS. I suggest to the Senator
from Maryland thatin many instances tlieamcnd-
moots proposed to long sections of the old law
are very small and inconsiderable, and to compel
the reading of the sections of the old law would
be a work of delay, and we should never get
through with the bill at all. 1 hope the Senator
will not call for that.
Mr. JOHNSON. As far as I ain individually
concerned, in all cases where the chairman will
say the amendments are merely verbal, and have
no effect at all on the law as it now stands, i shall
be content.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not say thatin regard
to many of them.
Mr. JOHNSON". But I suggest that in rela-
tion to such as aie merely verbal. If we cannot
do something of this sort, we might as well leave
to the Committee on Finance the passage of this
law altogether. It is impossible, 1 think, unless
members are much more acute than I am, to un-
derstand what the law will be unless we can see
what the section is after it shall have been amended.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 will a&k the Senator from
Ohio if it is not practicable to pass over this por-
tion of the bill which relates to the machinery of
the organization of the internal revenue system,
which 1 suppose is the only portion of the bill
that contains these amendments referred to by
sections and lines.
Mr. CLARK. They run clear through the bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then we shall never un-
derstand the bill, and the people will never un-
derstand it, nor the officers who are to administer
it. The old bill ought to be engrossed with these
amendments in it, and then reenacted.
Mr. SHERMAN. The old law makes a book
of one hundred priges, A great many of the
amendments proposed to it by this bill are merely
verbal and changes of phraseology that would
seem to be reasonable and proper in themselves.
They are not such as I would propose; but they
come to us in the bill from the House. We can-
not strike them out, because we can see that if
the amendments are adopted they will improve
the phraseology or context of the old bill. The
amendment on which we have now delayed for
five minutes is purely grammatical.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then there is no objection
to that.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will ask the Senator from
Ohio if there is any precedent for passing a bill
in this way.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir; there was one
passed two years ago; and it was a very bad pre-
cedent.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think so too.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 have already said that I
do not like this mode of legislation, but how can
we help it? The House of Representatives have
the power to originate this bill, and we have not.
They sent it to us within two weeks of the
close of the session. If we defeat this bill, we
defeat important measures connected with it. We
cannot do that. The Committee on Finance have
gone over this bill, comparing it with the present
law, and upon the whole of these amendments
that we are now passing upon, and to which ex-
ception is made, we were all agreed. There was
no difference of opinion upon them. Most ef
them are merely changes of phraseology; but we
did not strike them out, simply because"they wer«
right enough in themselves, but not important.
Mr. JOHNSON. There is no objection to
those. If the honorable member will say that
these are merely verbal amendments to the old
law, there will certainly be no objection on my
part to them; but there are a great many of these
amendments that I should suppose, from what I
see, are very substantial.
Mr. SHERMAN. If there is anything mate-
rial 1 will mention it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading
of the bill will proceed.
The Secretary continued the reading of the bill.
The next amendment of the committee was on
page 17, line three hundred and eighty-nine, after
the word " affirmation" to strike out the follow-
ing words;
On the receipt whereof an assessment of the duties due
by said person, company, or eorporation, shall be imme-
diately innde and transmitted to the collector of the dis-
trict, to whom said duties cJiall be paid within five day*
thereafter.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 17, line three
hundred and ninety-four, before the word "five"
to strike out the words " the said," and after the
word "days" to insert the words "afterdemand
1 thereof;" so that the clausc will read:
And in ease the duties shall not be paid within five days
after demand thereof, the said collector may, on one day's
notice distrain for the same, &c.
The-amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary continued the reading of the bill
down to\md including the following provision:
That sectirfri ninety-one be amended by striking out all
after the enacting clause, and inserting in heu thereof the
following : " That all manulactured tobacco, snutF, or ci-
gar-*, whether ofvdomc.«tie manufacture or imported, shall,
befoie the same is u ed or removed for consumption, be in-
spected and weighed by an inspector, appointed under the
fitty-eigiuli sectioif*6fahe act to winch this is an amend-
ment, who bhall mark or Mfix a -tamp upon the box or other
package containing s>uch tobacco, Miull, or cigars,in a man-
ner to be preset ibed by the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue, denoting the kind or form of tobacco and the weight
of such package, with the date of inspection and the name
of the inspector. The lees of such inspection shall in all
cases be paid by the owner of the manulactured tobacco,
f-nufT, or cigar.-, so inspected and weighed. And the penal-
ties lor the fraudulent marking of any box or other pack-
age of tobacco, snuff, or cigars, arid tor any fraudulent at-
tempt to evade the duties on tobacco, snuff, or cigar*, so
inspected. b> changing in any mariner the package or the
maiks thereon, shall be the same as aie provided in rela-
tion to distilled spirits by existing laws. And all cigars
nianuf'.ictuied after the passage of tins act shall be packed
in boxes. And any manufactured tobacco, snuff, and ci-
gars, whether of domestic manufactuie or imported, which
shall be sold or pass out of the hands of the nianutactiuer
or nnpoiter, < xcept into a bonded warehouse, without the
inspection matks or stamps affixed by the inspector, unle.-s
otherwise provided, shall be iorfeited, and may be seized
wherever lound, and shall be sold, one halfof the proceeds
of fcuci) sale to be paid to the informer, and the other moiety
to the United States. The Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue shall keep an account of all stamps dehveied to the
several inspectors; and said inspectors shall aKo keep an
account of all stamp* by them used or placed upon boxes
containing cigars,and of all tobacco, snuff, and eigais in-
spected, and the name of the person, fii in, or company for
whom the same were s>o inspected, and leturn to the a>-
se^or of the district a separate and distinct account of the
same; and also return to the said Commissioner on de-
mand all stamps not otherwise accounted for, and shall
give a bond tor n laithlul performance of all the duties to
which he may be assigned, and return or account for all
stamps which may be placed in his hands."
The committee propose to amend the clause on
page 20, line four hundred and seventy-seven, by
inserting before the word "return" the word
" to;" so that it will read:
And to return or account for all stamps which may be
placed in his hands.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. If 1 understand this amend-
ment to the ninety-first section of the actof 1864,
it creates a new batch of officers, to be known as
inspectois of cigars and tobacco. Is that so?
Mr. CLARK. The amendmentis almost en-
tirely new, and one, as the Senator suggests,
which will create a new class of officers, or a large
number of the same class; and 1 propose, after
we have gone through with the amendments of
the committee, to call the attention of the Senate
to it, and to propose some amendments to it.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to inquire if it is
not subject to amendment now ?
Mr. CLARK. It will be subject to amendment
after we have gone through with the committee's
amendments. It will then be open to amendment
by any member of the Senate.
The Secretary continued the reading ofthe bill.
The next amendment was on page 22, line five
hundred and ten, in the clause proposing to amend
the ninety-fourth section of the act of 1864, to
insert the following:
By striking out of the clause relating to printed books the
word <l magazines," and by inserting after the word "news-
papers55 the words " periodical magazines."
Mr. SHERMAN. I promised to call the at-
tention of the Senate to any change of import-
ance made by the bill, and I should have stated
that the tax on gunpowder is changed, but not
very specially.
Mr. JOHNSON. By the House, not by your
committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir. The amendment
of the Committee on Finance, now under con-
sideration, proposes to leave out the tax on mag-
azines. The law now is:
" On all printed books, magazine*;, pamphlets, reviews,
and all other similar printed publications, except news-
papers, a duty of five per cent, ad valorem."
If amended as proposed by the Committee on
Finance, it will read:
On all primed book?, pamphlets, reviews, and all otUet
