1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•8T&
criminal for his offense because he has been in-
dicted.
I do not know the cause which resulted in this
encounter between the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Kellky] and the member-elect from
Louisiana, it may have been a personal mat-
ter. if it was a matter of insult which the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania gave to the gentleman
from Louisiana, it is a matter entirely between
themselves. If it arose out of a personal insult,
I would abide by the law and submit to the pun-
ishment, and I would resent it wherever it was
given.
It is said here that the gentleman from Penn-
eylvar,ia[Mr.ivelley] has notasked for these pro-
ceedings. His sitting silent in hi?? seat during
these proceedings shows that he approves of and
asks them, as he asked sureties for the peace be-
fore the magistrate in Washington, by the dec-
laration that fie was in fear of personal injury
from Field. I would not do that if a thousand
Fields were arrayed against me.
I insist, then, that tiie gentleman from Louis-
iarmshould be heard, unless you desire to declarc,
as the Fiench Chamber declared, that every mem-
ber of this assembly and his person is inviolate,
whatever insults lie may offer to the populace. I
do not say that the gentleman from Pennsylvania
insulted Mr. Field. I do notknow how the mat-
ter was. If he did insult him, and Field had in-
tegrity and manhood, the gentleman should have
been met and punished, But if Mr. Field, on
account of something which transpired in the
House only, attacked the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, then the question of privilege applies.
For one, 1 am against the amendment, because
to refuse to give to the gentleman from Louisiana
a hearing upon this floor would do honor simply
to the time of Jeffreys; would do honor to pun-
ciples inapplicable to the jmisprudence of this
country, at least. I do not believe the House of
Kepiesenlatives ought to belittle itself in such a
manner as to declare that a man shall not be heard
here because he happened to insult some gentle-
man upon this floor. I have heard the gentleman
from Pennsylvania hurl hisanathemas at this side
of the House, in legitimate debate, in such a man-
ner and spirit that had it been done elsewhere than
in this House he would have been called to im-
mediate account. And if he used such language
to Field outside of this House he ought to have
been called to account, and no man who laid any
claim to manhood would have hesitated one mo-
ment to call him to account.
But, as i said before, I do not know the facts
of the difficulty between these men, and I wish to
hear the evidence. I wish to know what trans-
pired between them, whether the gentleman from
Pennsylvania did use toward the gentleman from
Louisiana the same language with which he
has insulted heretofore members upon this side
of the House under shield of the pnvileges of the
House, if he did, then I say his chastisement
was just, and no man who had a spark of man-
hood would hesitate to visit it upon him. If he
did not, if the assault was simply for something
which he had done in the House, and it shall so
appear upon the investigation, I will vote cheer-
fully to punish the offender, as having violated
tiie pnvileges of the House.
Mr. THAYER.. I do not see, the gentleman
wili excuse me for saying, much argument in
what has fallen from him, and I regret that he
should have amused himself by putting hypo-
thetical cases to the House reflecting upon the
character of the gentleman injuied, rather than
upon the aggressor.
But I do not want to take up the time of the
House with that matter. I simply rose for the
purpose of calling the attention of the House to
the fact which appears upon the Journals of the
House—it will be found on page 600 of the Jour-
nal of the first session of the Twenty-Second Con-
gress—that Houston, who made an attack upon
Stanbery, of Ohio, was in the custody of the
Sergeant-a.t-Arrna from, the period of arrest upon
the Speaker's warrant up to the time of his con-
viction and punishment by the House.
On pa^e 600, for example, I find:
" Mr. Davis, of Massachusetts, from the committee op-
pointed yesterday to repoita mode ofproeeduie in the ca>e
of Samuel Houston, who is noiv m custody by virtue of an
order of the House, made a repoit," &c.
The reported case in the Journals of this House j
shows conclusively that he was in custody from
the time of his arrest under the Speaker's war-
rant until his case was disposed of.
Now we propose a much more lenient mode of
dealing with the alleged aggressor in the present
instance. 1 suppose that the method of proceed-
ing which was adopted by the House in the Hous-
ton case would be more proper and more in ac-
cordance with the dignity and authority of this
House; but, sir, inasmuch as if we were to pro-
ceed, as the House proceeded in that case, to ar-
rest the defendant and bring him to the bar of the
House, it would be necessary for the House- to
proceed with his trial, and in that event he could
not be tried by a committee of the House, but
must be tried in the face of the House by the
members of the House; and inasmuch as that
would consume a great amount of the public time
which there isa pressing necessity to apply to the
business of the Government, it is better that the
course should be adopted which is contemplated
by the resolution of the gentlemen from Ohio as
fiist offeted by him. But, sir,there is nothing in
the amendment of the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Farnswortii] which is at all in conflict
with the Houston case, as the gentleman from
Ohio seems to suppose.
Both the gentlemen from Ohio [Mr. Cox and
Mr. Schenck] seem to have argued that because
no motion was made to deprive Houston of the
privileges of tlie floor during his trial it is to be
inferred that the House did not deem it proper to
deprive him uf that privilege; but if you will read
the report as it appears on the Journal you will
see that he was deprived of the privilege, because,
from the moment the charge was made in a re-
sponsible shape by a member of the House, he
was taken into custody by the Serjeant-at-Arms,
and lemained in his custody until sentence was
passed upon him by the Speaker. Now, the
course contemplated by the gentleman from Illi-
nois toward the alleged aggressor in this instance
is of a much more mild character than the course
of proceeding adopted in the Houston case; and
I trust this House will, for the vindication of its
own dignity, adopt both the resolution and the
ad mend men t.
Mr. TOWNSEND. Mr. Speaker, I do not
propose to occupy the time of the House at any
great length. I cordially concur in the resolu-
tion offered by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Schenck,] and also in the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farnuworth,] with
tins exception, that I think something is due to
the represt ntative character of Mr. Field. 1 beg
leave to suggest the following modification of the
amendment, which I believe will meet with the
assent of the gentleman ftom Illinois, and which
would be more acceptable to me and to other mem-
bers upon this side of the Ilouse:
And until the report of the committee shall be made, the
privileges oi the flnm of tins House heretofoie extended
to the bind A. P. Fiuld are suspended.
Several Members. That is precisely the same
thing.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have no objection
to that, and will accept it as a modification of my
amend ment.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, being first upon the
amendment offered by Mr. Farnswortii.
The question was put, and there were, on a
division, ayes 72, noes 45.  
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the affirmative; yeas 83, nays 38, not voting 59;
as follows:
YLAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnold, Ashley, Baily,
John 0. Baldwin. Baxter, Be.iman, Blame, Blow, Bout-
well, Boyd, Bmomall, Ambrose \V. Clark, Cobb, Cole,
Henry Winter D.ivj>, TUoinrisT. Davit-, Dawes, Daws-on,
Demmg, Dixon, Donnelly, Drigg-*. Eekley, Eliot, Farns-
woith, Ganson, Gooeh. Grinnei!, Gnswold, Hale, Iligby,
Hoopet, Ilotehki^s, A.-fthcl VV. IJubbard, John II. Hub-
hard, Ingersoll, Jencke-, Julian, Orlando Kellogg, Knox,
Lazear, Littlejohu, Loan, Loujryear, Marvin, MeBiuIe,
McCluig, Samuel F. Miller, Moorhead, Monnl, Darnel
Morris, Amos Myers, Loonaid IVTyer--, Norton. Odell,
Chaiies O'Neill, Orth, P.itteison, Perham, Pike', Price,
Alexander II. ltiee, John It. Kice, Edward H. Rollins,
Schunek, Seofiehl, Shannon, Sloan, Stcv«ns, Thayer,
Towns-end, Tracy, Upson, Van Valkenbuigh, Elihu B.
Washbume, William B. Washburn, Whaiey, Williams,
Wilder, Wilson, and Windom—83.
NAYS—Messrs. James C/Allen, Ancona, Augustus C«
Baldwin, Chanlcr, Clay, Cox, Ciavens, Denison, Eden
Edgerttm, Etdridge, Ftnck, Grider, Harding, Harrington,
Benjamin G. Harris, Charles M. Harris, Herrick, Plufip
Johnson, Reman, King, Law, Le Biond, Long, McDow-
ell, Morrison, Noble, Pendleton, Perry,Samuel J. Randall,
William H. Randall, liobin>on. Rogers, James S. ItoiHns,
Ross, Spalding, Strode, and Joseph W.' White—38.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. William J. Allen, Afley, An-
derson, Blair, Bliss, Brandegee, Brooks, James S. Brown,
William G. Brown. Freeman Clatke, CofFioth, Creswell,
Duinont, English, Frank, Garfield, Hall, Ilolman, Ilnlbnrd,
Hmchins, William Johnson, Kalhfleisch, Kaason, Kelley,
Francis W. Kellogg, Knnpp, Mallorv, Mnrcy. McAllister,
Mclndoe, MeKmney, Middleion, William II. Miller, James
It. Morn*, NeUon, John O'Neill, Pomeroy, Pruvn, Rnd-
tord, Scott, Smith, Smithers, Starr, John B. Steele, Wil-
liam G. Steele, Stiles, Smart, Sweat, Thomas, Vooriices,
Wodswoith, Waid, Webster, Wheeler, Chilton A. White,
Winfield, Benjamin Wood, Fernando Wood, Woodbridge,
Woithington, and Yeaman—-59.
So the amendment offered by Mr. Farnsworth
was agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment of-
fered by Mr. Mooriiead as a substitute for the
original resolution.
Mr. MOORHEAD. As the House has adopted
the amendment offered by the gentleman from Il-
linois, [Mr. Far!jsworth,] and inasmuch as there
has been so much dismission of the matter, which
has, perhaps, magnified unduly its importance, I
will withdraw my substitute.
The resolution,asamended, was then agreed to.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. STEVENS presented the following report:
The committee ofconfidence on the disagreeing votes ot
the two Houses on the amendments to the bill (II. R. No.
620) to supply deficiencies in the appropnations tor the ser-
vice ol the fi>cal year ending June 3o, 1S6J, having met,
after full and free conference liave I>p<m  unat>W> to agree.
THADDKUS STEVENS,
GEORGE H. PENDLETON,
Afanugcis on the }<ait of the House,
JOHN SHERMAN,
JOHN CONNESS,
C. R. BUCKALEW,
Managers on the part of the Senate,
Mr. WASEIBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
ask'the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vens] on what point the disagreement arises.
Mr. STEVENS. There are, I think, four
points of disagreement. There are large appro-
priations for California, some for Denver, and
an appropriation for the contingent fund of this
House; on all of which we disagreed.
Mr. WASHBURN E, of Illinois. I had under-
stood that the only subject of disagreement be-
tween the two Houses was in relation to the ad-
ditional compensation to employes of the House.
Mr. STEVENS. No,sii;th ere are other ques-
tions.
Mr. Speaker, as the Senate request the ap-
pointment of a new committee of conference, and
iiave already appointed a committee on their part,
I mnve that the House take similar action.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection, the
committee will be discharged and a new commit-
tee appointed.
There was no objection.
QUESTION OF PRIVILEGE.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a ques-
tion of privilege.
The other day, in the course of a controversy
which I had with the honorable gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. ScofieldJ who sits before
me, I had occasion to speak of a major general
of the Army of the United States, who had been
in command at New York, as a "gold robber."
In some of the public prints (no doubt from mis-
understanding) I was reported as having spoken
of him as a " bold robber.'* Since those remarks
have gone before the public I have received a
letter from a major general of the United States
who seems to suppose that the remarks which I
made were particularly applicable to him, although
there was in command at New York at the time
another major general, and although that city is
the favorite tarrying-place of major generals, there
being probably six or more, on an average, at
some of the hotels throughout all the year. I
send to the Clerk a letter which I have received
from a major general of the Army of the United
States in reference to those words spoken in de-
bate. I ask that it be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Washington, January 20, 1865.
Sir : I find in the Daily Globe of the 7th instant a re-
port of your remarks in the House of Representatives on
