1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1141
similar primed books, except newspapers and periodical
magazines, a duly of five per cent, ad valorem.
1 will state that it was represented to us that
these magazines were nearly all written by ladies
cf literary taste, and are in rather a suffering con-
dition now, from tile high price on paper, &c.,
and a very strong;appeal was made to us to omit
them from the tax. 1 think it was more in defer-
ence to the ladies than from any question of prin-
ciple that we agreed to the amendment. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. CLARK. I could notquite reconcile my-
self to this amendment of the committee m con-
sideration of certain otheramendments that came
from the House of Representatives. Senators will
perceive that the bill as it came from the House
of Representatives contained this proviso:
Provided, That Bibles and Testaments, or volumes con-
sisting only of party of either, prayer-books, arithmetics,
spelling-book*, geographies, grammars, and school-books of
Hie kinds used in common "ami primary schools, arid all
hooks printed exclusively for the use ot Sunday-schools,
shall lie exempt from any duty or tax, anything to the con-
tiary notwithstanding: Provided further, That this exemp-
tion shall not apply to any volume which is valued at moie
than two doiiars.
The Committee on Finance struck out the Bi-
bles and Testaments, &c., and subjected them to
a tax, but left these magazines free from a tax.
I was in favor of leaving the Bibles and Testa-
ments, if any thing, free from tax.
Mr. SHERMAN. That amendment has not
been readied yet.
Mr. CLARK. Itcomes immediately after this,
and is in close connection with it, and is a fair
matter of discussion with this amendment. I was,
however, in favor of leaving the law as it was, ex-
empting newspapers alone, and letting all other
books be taxed. I confess 1 cannot see any reason
why magazines should be exempted and Bibles
and Testaments taxed. I know the argument sug-
gested by the Senator from Ohio was before us,
and perhaps Senators listened to that; but I can-
not see why a lady who is engaged in writing a
magazine should be exempt from taxation when
the poor girl in my country who spends her time
in weaving a palm-leaf hat or stitching a shoe to
get a livelihood is taxed. The Senatorfrom Iowa
[Mr. Grimes] suggests to me that they write but
a part of the magazines, and the publishing of the
works goes on under the head and direction of
sometimes very rich men, and they make a large
profit upon them. 1 do not want to take up time
m discussion, but 1 must confess 1 did not feel
the force of the reasoning that exempted these
magazines.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 think it is better to take
the amendment as a whole together. The House
have inserted at the end of this clause about printed
books this proviso:
Provided, That llibles and Testaments, or volumes con-
sisting only of pails of culler, prayer-books, arithmetics,
spelling-books, geographies,grammars,and school-books of
the kinds used in common and primary schools, and all
hooks pinned exclusively for the use of Sunday-schools,
shall be< xempl troin any duty or tax, anything in the con-
uaiy notwithstanding : Provided Jurther, That Ihis exemp-
tion shall no! apply to any voiume which is valued ainiore
than two dollars.
The whole difficulty and trouble with this pro-
viso was this, that it substantially surrendered
the entire tax on the great body of all the books
published in this country. It was represented to
us thai these books lhat are exempted comprise
more than three fourths of all the books published
m the country; that the great body of the books
published in this country are school-books, of
which a vast number are consumed. Besides, this
proviso exempted books of the lower grades of
school-books, but did not exempt books of the
highergrade,such as workson algebra,geometry,
&c , which arc consumed by scholais in high
schools, and Latin book^and books in which
the languages are taught. On the whole it was
very hard to draw the line of distinction. 1 almost
became a convert to the idea of the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] and that it would
be better to strike out the whole clause rather
than to attempt to make these discriminations and
qualifications and exceptions. 1 think it would
be better for the Senate either to abandon tile
whole tax on printed books, or else to abandon
all these exceptions. The newspapers are ex-
empted from the tax now.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the estimate of the
tax on books ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Ihavenone; butthe books
exempted by the House proviso are more than
three fourths of all the books published in this
eountry.
Mr. SUMNER. I am very glad to hear the
Senator from Ohio say that he became almost a
convert to my proposition to remove all tax on
books. He reminded me of a certain person who
said that he was " almost persuaded to bea Chris-
tian." I think it would be better for the Senator
had he become a complete convert on this occa-
sion. I am sure the extent of his influence would
be better for the country.
I am sure, sir, that in connection with this mat-
ter I can speak from no motive of self and from
no personal interest whatever. It is, however,
from a profound conviction that the best interests
of the country require that there should he no
tax on books. What you can get outof this tax
in any event is very small; but it is a tax on
knowledge. Look at it as you will, to that com-
plexion it comes at last—a tax on knowledge.
I do not think it worth while on the part of the
Congress of the United States at this moment to
enter upon such a system of taxation. It is the
boast of our institutions that they stand upon
the intelligence of the people, and it is a further
boast that we supply education at the public cost;
but how can you supply education unless you
give an opportunity to buy books? Every tax,
therefore, that you impose upon books is an im-
pediment to public education. Therefore,! sub-
mit it is inconsistent with the genius of our in-
stitutions. The result of this tax will be petty;
but to the extent of its influence, I submit that
it will be piejudicial. I should like, theiefore,
to strike out the whole passage, and if the Sena-
tor from Ohio will make no objection I will move
to amend the amendment which is now under
consideration by moving to strike out the whole
clause.
Mr. JOHNSON. Down to line five hundred
and twenty-three.
Mr. SUMNER. The bill is in such a strange
shape that really it is very difficult to get at it or
to make any proposition with regard to it. 1 am
perfectly baffled.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator will ac-
complish his object by moving an amendment to
strike out the clause in the original law on page
53 imposing a tax of five per cent, on all printed
books, magazines, &c.
Mr. SUMNER. That is what I wish to do.
Mr. HENDERSON. Then move it.
Mr. SUMNER. That is what I wish to do.
It is very easy to say move it; but I find it diffi-
cult to do it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thequestion
is on inserting what is printed in italic* in lines
five hundred and ten, five hundred and eleven,
and five hundred and twelve:
By striking out of the clause relating to printed books
the word " magazines," and by inserting after ttie word
u newspaper" Ihe wuids " periodical magazines."
Mr. HENDERSON. The bill before us pro-
poses to stnke out a part of the clause of the ori-
ginal bill, and it is cei tainly in order for t lie Sena-
tor from Massachusetts to move to strike out the
whole r,f it if he so desires.
The PRES1DING OFFICER. Of course it is.
Mr. COLLAMER. I take it the genlleman
from Massachusetts will have an opportunity to
offer the amendment he desires after we have gone
through with the amendments of the committee,
and he can present it al thai time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
usual, and indeed the uniform pincticc, to go
through first with the amendments proposed by
the committee.
Mr. JOHNSON. But this is an amendment
to the amendment of the committee.
Mr. SUMNER. The question i|iw arises on
the amendment proposed by the committee. If
that is adopted it may be in the way of the amend-
ment which 1 desue to propose.
Mr. COLLAMER. I take it that would not
be the case at all.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 suggest to the Senntor to
stake out all after the words " printed books" iri
the five hundred and eleventh line, in these words:
The word " magazines," and by insemng after the wurd
« newspaper" the woids " periodical magazines."
And then to make it read as follows:
Ev striking cut the clause relating to printed books, mag-
azines, pamphlets, reviews, and all other similar printed
publications.
That would strike out the whole clauss.
Mr. SUMNER. That will accomplish it. I
move, on page 22, line five hundred and eleven,
after the woids " printed books" to strike out
the word " magazines," and by inserting after the
word "newspapers" the words " periodical mag-
azines," and to insert the words " magazines,
pamphlets, reviews, and all other similar printed
publications;" so that it will read:
By striking out the clause relating to printed books, mag-
azines, reviews, and ail other similar publications.
Mr. SAULSBURY. This is a proposition to
strike cut the tax upon books. I shall cheer-
fully support it. 1 have not read this bill; but 1
understand from the comprehensive words in
which it is phrased that it levies   tax upon Bibles
and Testaments, and every species of book liter-
ature. The proposition now is to strike out maga-
zines, reviews, and all olher printed matter of
similar form. Whether that leaves a tax upon
Bibles and Testaments I do not know; but I am.
opposed to any tax upon any printed matter.
When 1 was a young man delving in ancient
languages, endeavoring to understand the mean-
ing of words and things that I read or heard, I
read in one of the earliestlanguages this sentence,
"And God said, Let light be, and light was."
But, sir, if the tax is to be retained upon the
Bible and the Testament, I do not know that it is
inappropriate and unsymmetrical to the legisla-
tion of the present day, because the Bible and the
Testament have become obsolete books. The
truths which they inculcate are very little regarded
m the piesent time. While I have read, " And
God said, Let light be, and light was" in more
languages than one, 1 find in the legislation of
the present times but little of their teachings. In
these days when abolitionism is rampant, 1 find
that no attention is paid to the teachings of that
Book of books. 1 would gladly vote for an ex-
emption upon knowledge and upon books, and
would carry out the injunction which emanated
from the Most High when everything was chaos,
and when itwas said,"Let light be,and light was."
But, sir, if light is to be taxed let n be taxed in
its fountain; and as we have disregarded lhat
Book and its teachings, let us tax it and not make
a mockery cf it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment moved by the Senator from
Massachusetts to the amendment reported by tha
committee. The Senatorfrom Massachusetts hav-
ing modified somewhat his proposed amendment
to the amendment it will be again reported.
The Secretary read the amendment, as modi-
fied, which was on page 22, line five hundred and
eleven, after the word " books" to strike out the
following words:
The woid " magazine," and by inserting after the word
"newspapers" the words " peuodical magazinci."
And to insert in lieu thereof the following words:
Magazines, pamphlets, reviews, and all other similar pub-
lications except newspaper^, a duly of five per cent.
Mr. CLARK. .This amendment from theSen-
ator from Massachusetts would exempt all books,
as 1 undci stand, fiom taxation. The duty now
upon the publication of books is five per cent, ad
valorem. I undeiHand the Senator from Massa-
I ehusetts to say that if we adopt Ins amendment
' and strike out this tax we should strike out but
an inconsiderable revenue, a petty result. In
that the Senatoi is mistaken. He conveys wrong
impressions to Ihe Senate. The revenue is very
laige. This simple amendment of the Senator
fiom Massachusetts would make a difference of
fiom tighly to one hundred thousand dollars In
a single publishing house; and the Senate may
judge from the number of publication houses
What the tax would be for the country.
But there is another feature to which i desire
to call the attention of the Senate; and that is, the
inequality of your taxation, and the exemption
of some manufactures from taxes ani the impo-
sition of them upon others, i say to u,e Senate
as my candid judgment lhat your internal rev-
enue svhiein is becoming so odious lhat it is in
danger of being broken down, h is becoming
odious from the manner in which it is adminis-
tered and the inequalities of assessing and col-
lecting the taxes, antl it is not desirable to increaso
those inequalities by any further legislation. I
ask you, M* President, arid i ask any Senator
