1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. I move to suspend the
rules so as toallowthegentlemanfromNew York
to proceed without limitation upon debate.
The motion was agreed to, and the rules were
suspended, two thirds of the House voting in the
affirmative.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, I am much in-
debted to the House for the courtesy with which
they have permitted me to extend the range of
my remarks, and I will try to say nothing, while
stating facts, which will offend any gentleman
upon either side of the House.
First permit me to state as a reason why I did
not reply by letter, or otherwise, courteously to
General Butler, that I had noticed when in the
city of New York, that he was surrounded by a
staff of twenty or twenty-five officers in the Hoff-
man House on Fifth avenue, having ten or fifteen
horses in front of that hotel richly caparisoned,
and thatfromthat house he sentoutaids-de-camp
to summon gentlemen before him. And when
one gentleman appeared before him he found him
sitting at a table with two large pistols, one on his
right and one on his left; and therefore I did not
choose to reply by letter to the demand of one
aid-de-camp, though if a posse of United Slates
soldiers or a platoon had appealed with that aid-
de-camp I certainly should have yielded to so
large a physical force, and have Rent the requested
reply. These displays and manifestations in New
York indisposed me to any, even epistolary, cour-
tesy to be carried on though a staff officer of the
general when transferred to the city of Wash-
ington.
The grounds upon which I based my charge
upon that occasion of a gold robber, were certain
transactions in the city of New Orleans, in which,
it appeared by testimony taken before a court in
New York, that a rich brother of Major General
Butler, who had been largely trading m New Or-
leans, had bequeathed to him, the major general,
a large sum of money. General Butler came to
New York to execute the will through the surro-
gate, when a suit was instigated against him to
collect from the proceeds of that will the value of
some fifty thousand dollars in gold,which theplain-
tiffin the casealleged had been robbed fiom him by
the then commandinggeneral. The plaintiff was
a northern man, from Ballston, Saratoga county,
New York, who had spent many years of his life
in amassing a fortune in New Orleans, of which
fortune, in part, General Butler had been plunder--
ing him,
1 found my remark upon a deposition submit-
ted in the court of common pleas by the plaintiff
in the case, to which 1 call the attention of the
House, and which I ask the Clerk to read.
The Cleik read the deposition, as follows:
Court of Common Pleas, for the Oily and County of Now
Voile: ►Samuel Smith and Andiew VV. Smith against
JJenjAirun F. Butler.
City and County of New York, ss :
Samuel Snmh,o eol the plaintiffs above named,being
duly s>woi II, on solemn oath deposes and saj s :
That Kime twenty yeais ago he h-lt the county of Sara-
toga,in this State,where he was botn,ami where ln« a<ied
mother still reside*, and went to New Orleans, without
any means lint youth and hope, to seek for belter fortune.
By vevere economy, constant toil, and the unremitting
imiu^tiy ot long J ears, no and his brother Andrew together,
Miceeeded in acquiring a consideiahle pioperty, and they
became extensively engaged in the business of private
banking; the vmy nature of their business compelled them
to make eonMant advani e^ of mom y on southern credits ;
when the warbioke out they were extended, and it was not
po^ible lor them to collect m their claims without much
delay. The State ot Louisiana seceded; deponent op-
porved the secession,and quietly remained to liquidate his
afFaiis,and wive what he could, it is easy for those who
were sale in the North to talk bravely about their patriot-
ism, and to boa^t of what they would have done ; but had
Mich been where we were,they might have thought differ-
ently.
On tSie 21ih of April, 1662, news came that Admiral Farra-
ragut had pa^ed the lower Fork-*. The greatest consterna-
tion prevailed. All who had any money wished to con-
ceal it. The fear was of the wild mob and the soldiery, m
c.i->e the oily should he given up to pillage. Deponent had
about M\t>' thousand dollars in gold coin m his safe, which
he had been collecting together, and which he had hoped
to save. In this fughttul consternation deponent look
$5-4,000 of the gold coin arid secreted it in the air cells
mound his sate and left about,§6,000 of his own in the safe,
besides a small amountbelongingtosomcof his customers.
Admiral Fariagut's &ucee>s left NuwOrleausathismercy,
and General Hutiei entered the city on the Kt of .May and
the rebel soidieiy fled, and there was no pillage of the
town. FoitiiWilli General Butler issued his pmclamation,
tlaied May 1, J dti2, and duceted every man to lelurn to ins
lupines*, and piomihing the fullest piotection, and ex-
pressed himself in the<-c words: "All the rights of property,
ot whatever kind, will be held inviolate, subject only to
the laws of the United States. All the inhabitants are
enjoined to pursue their usual avocations. Ail shops and
places of amusement are to be kept open in the accustomed
lnannei, and services are to be held in the churches and
religious houses, as in times of profound peace."
Deponent did not suppose that tins solemn proclamation
by a general of the United States was intended as a delu-
sion and a snare, and opened his banking house in the
fullest confidence that the general would not violate his
plighted faith.
The accreted coin could not be reached without tearing
down a wall of masonry, and deponent being unwilling to
excite notice by tearing down a heavy bnek wall and with-
drawing the coin, when the city was m such a fearful state,
let it remain for a few days to await events. _
General Butler soon began to examine into the affairs of
banks, bankers, and men opposed to have money, for what
public end no one could understand.
On the JOtli of May General Butler ordered deponent to
open his safe, which he did ; but the general finding but
$6,000 in com m the safe, while deponent's books showed
$60,000 m hand, demanded the concealed coin, which de-
ponent refused to give up, felling General Butler that it was
concealed.and the objectoftlie concealment, but declining
to reveal the place where it was secreted.
The general then ordered deponent to prison and threat-
ened to confine him in Fort Jackson until he revealed the
place of concealment. Deponent was powerless; without
the protection of law and at the mercy of despotic lorce, after
being impiiaoned in the manner above desciibed, deponent
revealed the place where his gold was secreted. General
IJutler tore down the masonry and earned off the $54,000
in gold, besides the money in the hale, and after a few days
he returned to deponent the ,$6,000 left if! the safe, and
$4,000 of the concealed coin, keeping §50,000 in gold, which
he has retained from deponent to ibis hour; the geneial
then let deponent go, despoiled of his hard-earned propeity,
and with his business biokeu up and destroyed, and now
when deponent seeks in a lawful way to obtain redress be
is met with tiiese false telogiams fiom Washington. The
statement that "this gold was condemned by a military
commission as the piocecds of the robbery of the United
Stales mint at New Orleans" is without a shadow oi truth,
is utterly malicious, and is in cveiy syllable basely false.
Every dollar of it belonged to the plaintiffs; it was the
proceeds of long and patient toil ; not a penny ever be-
longed to the mint or to any confederate State office or
depaument thoieof, and ihe military commission so found,
and the one who oideied lh.it fal.se tclegiam s-ent knew or
ought to have known it. Deponent makes this affidavit
wiili a tine copy ot that commission and report before hun.
That commission was composed ot three able and upright
men—Governor Shepley, lion. Thomas J. Duiant, and Dr.
Mercer—and their report was made in June, 1S62, and
piovoh the shameless faMty of these slanderous telegiams.
Deponent took the oath of allegiance, the amnesty oath
also, and is as tine and loyal a man as he who by inilitaiy
force has taken away deponent's property.
Deponent respectfully submits that this false charge
about a copperhead attachment, and these false and slan-
derous chaiges that deponent's gold " is the pioceedrj of a
robbeiy ot the United Slates mint" published in the news-
papers through telegram-* from Washington wnjlc General
Butlei was theie, ami for the puipose of deceiving the
public and of prejudicing their minds before the trial of
the cause, (which cause had been legitimately commenced
under the order of this eomt,) deceived the rebuke and
severest condemnation of eveiy judge and light thinking
man in this community. SAM. SMITH.
Sworn to this 29th of November, 18G4, before me,
Fhld. Smytii, Notary Public, New York*
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, that deposition
will explain to the public and to the Ilouse
whether I was justified or not in the use of the
words which I did use in the course of my con-
troversy with the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Scofield.] f have only to add that those
$50,000 in gold have never been paid into the
Treasury of the United States, and yet remain in
the hands of Major General Butler.
Mr. LOAN. Will the gentleman allow me to
ask him a question?
Mr. BROOKS. Certainly.
Mr. LOAN. I desire to ask the gentleman
whether the money lias not been returned to the
proper Department'1
Mr. BROOKS. It has never been returned
to the Treasury of the United States. It is not
there.
Mr. LOAN. Does the gentleman know if
General Butler has not reported it to the War
Department as subject to their order, and to be
paid over when the War Department may so di-
rect?
Mr. BROOKS. I am not able to answer that
question, not having any connection with the
War Department.
Mr. LOAN. I understand that that is the
Mr. STEVENS. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from New York what was the result of
that suit in the New York court?
Mr. BROOKS. It is yet pending.
Mr. STEVENS. A pretty document, then, to
read here! Why, no decent man would have
done it.
Mr. BROOKS. The fact is not to be disguised,
decent or indecent, that the $50,000 are not where
they ought to be, in the Treasury of the United
States, but are in the sole control and possession
of Major General Butler.
Mr. GOOCH. I ask the gentleman from New-
York to yield to me for one moment.
Mr. BROOKS. Certainly. . ^
Mr. GOOCH. I will say to the gentleman
from New York that if, before making his charges
upon this floor, he had taken occasion to investi-
gate the facts; if, before charging General Butler
with being <c a gold robber," he had inquired at
the War Department, he would probably have
learned that Major General Butler had reported
that he had this money in his possession, the cir-
cumstances under which it was taken, and his
readiness to obey any order of the War Depart-
ment or his superiors in relation to it.
Mr. BROOKS,
report?
Mr. GOOCH.
was sued.
Mr. BROOKS.
Mr. GOOCH.
Mr. BROOKS,
fact?
Mr. GOOCH.
Mr. BROOKS.
At what time did he make that
I apprehend it was before he
How long before?
I cannot fix the time.
Does the gentleman know the
I say I do not know the time.
I know it was not until the
suit was threatened.
Mr. GOOCH. Was it or was it not before the
gentleman made his statement upon this floor?
Mr. BROOKS. I know that Major General
Butler used the writers for the press in this city
to proclaim through the press of New York that
the money was in the Treasury of the United
States when it was not there.
Mr. GOOCH. I ask again, was it or was it not
before you used your position upon this floor to
charge General Butler with being " a gold rob-
ber?"
Mr. BROOKS. I charged, and I reiterate the
charge, that a man who robs a loyal citizen of
$50,000 in gold, and keeps that money, deserves
the epithet which I applied to him.
Mr. GOOCH. Does the gentleman say of his
own knowledge that such was the fact?
Mr. BROOKS. I say it is so stated to me.
Mr. GOOCH. But have youWer investigated
it; and did you know when you made the charge
here the other day that General Butler had not
made that report to the Secretary of War?
Mr. BROOKS. I know that he did not make
that report till this suit was threatened and till he
was affrighted into making it.
Mr. GOOCH. That is not the question. Had
you,before you made the accusation,ascertained
whether or not General Butler had reported that
he had this money to the War Department?
Mr. ANCONA. I rise to a question of order.
Tine gentleman from Massachusetts is notaddresa-
ing the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains that
pointrof order.
Mr. GOOCH. I would like the gentleman from
New York to give me an answer to the question
I have put. If General Butler, while in command
of New Orleans, has wrongfully taken money
from anybody, and has not reported the fact to the
Government, but has attempted to conceal it, he
has committed a wrong. If, on the other hand,
the gentleman from New York, rising in his place
as a Representative, has charged General Butler,
without investigation, with being a gold robber,
he has done a wrong. And, sir, it seems to me
that he is the last man who should come here and
claim that he should not even receive a note of
inquiry from the man whom he has charged with
being a gold robber, and try to shelter himself
behind his privileges as a member of this House.
I would like an answer to my question.
Mr. BROOKS. And I would like an answer
to this question, has General Butler that gold,or
has he not?
Mr. GOOCH. General Butler has that gold,
ready to respond for it to the Government or to
anybody entitled to reccive it. [Derisive laugh-
ter from the Democratic side of the House.]
Mr. BROOKS. Well, Mr. Speaker, I* will
leave you to judge between, him and me, and that
must end this controversy with the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Gooch,] whether a
major general of the United States who takes by
force and violence $50,000 in gold from a north-
ern man, and keeps that gold from him until this
day and hour, is or is not a robber of that loyal
man of the North.
