1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1143
shall do so after the war. After we get through
the war, after we are able to pay our expenses as
we go, we shall cut off from the right hand and
the left and relieve taxation wherever we can.
That is the lesson I read in the action of Great
Britain.
I am against these exemptions. What, sir, a
tax on books a tax on knowledge! Suppose it
is, so is a tax on the coat the boy who goes to
school wears. May you not tax him a little on
his books as well as on his clothes? I do not see
the distinction. I think you will find that the
treat mass of the books of the country are printed
y rich men, are read by men who are able to
pay. The men who purchase books and put
them into large libraries can pay a large tax on
books as well as on anything else, and books
will bear a tax a great deal better than many ar-
ticles.
While I am up I will say another thing about
these exemptions. We profess to exempt from
the income tax for the benefit of poor people per-
sons who have incomes under $600, and the prac-
tical effect is that you exempt a majority of all
the incomes of the country in amount from taxa-
tion. Men worth their tens of thousands of dol-
lars, and whole communities, exempt thenjselvea
under that exemption of $600. I know ftien for
whose property I would willingly give to-day
twenty-five or thirty thousand dollars who pay
no income tax because they have not incomes
above $600! The largest portion of the country
keep out of taxes under that rule.
I am going to vote for this bill, as I vote for all
tax bills and war bills, and everything that I think
helps the country through this contest, but I
think a bill could have been drawn up which
would be of a great deal more service than this,
and that ie a bill to reorganize entirely the inter-
nal revenue department of this Government. I
believe that if it was reorganized as it ought to
be, with the present law it would bring at least
$50,000,000 into the Treasury more than comes
in now, and I think that is a work which this
Congress should have addressed itself to, but X
find that we are neglecting it altogether.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the honorable Sena-
tor what defect there is in the law now.
Mr. VyiLSON. There is defect in it. We
expected it to be corrected at the last session, and
we were told that it was to be to some extent,
but instead of being corrected then, it has not
been corrected yet.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the Senator means
that there is defect in the execution of the law.
Mr. WILSON. Yes, and in the law itself that
allows such things. You will have faulty exe-
cution when you have got a faulty law. Every
dollar collected should be paid and paid immedi-
ately into the Treasury of the United States. Not
a farthing of it should be used to pay any debt
or any officer whatever. The officers should be
paid by appropriations out of your Treasury.
Instead of that, a report made to Congress shows
{8,000,000 in the hands of the collectors, and I
would stake my life to-day it is nearer $20,000,-
000. That department does not know how much
is in their hands. I tell you the department is
loose from beginning to end, loose in law and
more so in administration.
Mr. JOHNSON. Does the honorable member
think that is the fault of the law itself?
Mr. WILSON. I say it is the faultofthe law
to a great extent, but we ought to change this
thing and take away all this responsibility, and
ought to require the money collected to be im-
mediately deposited and the officers paid by ap-
propriations out of the Treasury, then we should
not have a report made to Congress showing that
your collectors have on an average $40,000 apiece
in their hands. Fifty ofthe collectors are known
lo have more than $8,000,000;one collector hold-
ing $700,000, another $450,000,another $425,000.
In the biief space of two and a half years this
Internal revenue system has developed into its
present vast proportions. By this internal reve-
nue system the nation for years to come must
raise the means to meet the extraordinary de-
mands upon the Treasury of the United States.
How important it is, then, that the modes, means,
and agencies adopted to levy and collect hundreds
of millions from various multitudinous sources
shall be economical, equal, and safe. No one
believes the presentsystem,in its administration,
to be either economical, equal, or safe. Resting
upon no fixed, intelligent,or equitable basis, ar-
ranged, rearranged,and changed continually, the
system is daily growing more unequal, extrava-
gant, and unsafe. I assert it herein my place in
the Senate that the present system of assessing
and collecting the internal revenue is daily grow-
ing more unequal and more extravagant—that the
measure of compensation is not according to the
labor performed, but according to the urgency of
the demands made upon the Government.
To show the inequalities in the workings ofthe
internal revenue system I present, in regard to
clerk hire and stationery for assessors, a few sta-
tistics which cannot fail to convince Senators of
the truth of the declarations I have made. In ten
districts of New York and Pennsylvania, com-
pared with ten districts in Baltimore, Cincinnati,
Providence, Pittsburg, Milwaukee, and other por-
tions of the country, the results are as follows:
in New York and Pennsylvania two hundred and
seventy-six thousand names assessed cost for sta-
tionery $19,795; in the other ten districts two hun-
dred and ninety-five thousand names were as-
sessed, costing for stationery $4,310, beingacost
of seven cents and one and six tenth nulls per
name for the ten districts of New York and Penn-
sylvania and only one mill and four tenths for the
other ten districts. The^e statistics show that
the ten districts of New York and Pennsylvania
cost five times more for stationery per name than
the other ten districts, embracing cities like Bal-
timore, Cincinnati, Providence, Pittsburg, and
Milwaukee. The inequalities of the expenditures
for stationery in the offices of the assessors are
demonstrated by a comparison made between the
thirty-second district of New York and thirty-
eight other districts in various portions of the
country. The amount paid to the assessor of
the thirty-second district of New York to the 30th
of June, 1864, is $3,071. The amount paid to
thirty-eight other districts is $3,110. The num-
ber of names assessed in the thirty-second dis-
trict of New York is estimated at thirty-six
thousand. The number of names assessed m the
thirty-eightotherdistnctsis estimated at four hun-
dred and seventy-seven thousand; showing that
the cost per name in the tlmty-second district of
New York is eightcents and five and a half mills,
and the cost of the thirty-eight other districts is
only six and a half mills per name, being more
than twelve times larger in the thirty-second dis-
trict of New York than in the thirty-eight other
districts of the country.
The inequalities in the rates paid forclerkhire
are as great as the inequalities in the amounts paid
for stationery. In twelve districts of New Yoik
and Pennsylvania, in winch one hundred and
ninety-three thousand persons were assessed and
$12,283,000 were collected, $42,800 were paid for
clerk hire. In ten other districts, in which one
hundred and ninety-three thousand persons were
assessed and $12,784,000 were collected, only
$14,100 were paid for cleik hire. In the District
of Columbia nineteen thousand persons were as-
sessed and only $800 paid for clerk hire; while in
the ninth district of New York twelve thousand
persons were assessed and $4,000 paid for clerk
hire. In the first district of Wisconsin sixteen
thousand persons were assessed and $617,000 col-
lected, and only $800 paid for clerk hire; while
in the seventh district of New Yoik fifteen thou-
sand persons were assessed and $502,000 were
collected, and $4,000 paid for clerk hire. In the
several districts of New Yoik $61,200 were paid
for clerk hire, while only $38,550 were paid for
clerk lure in Massachusetts, Connecticut, and
Ohio; showing that fifty per cent, more was paid
for clerk hire in New Yoik than was paid in the
same number of districts collecting about the same
amountof money in Massachusetts, Connecticut,
and Ohio.
The amounts allowed for clerk hire and for sta-
tionery have little relation to the number of per-
sons assessed or to the amounts of the assess-
ments. They are grossly unequal and utterly
indefensible. The clerk-hire allowances in New
York and Philadelphia are enormously out of pro-
portion to the other cities and States. The amounts
paid for clerk hire and for stationery should be
measured by the number of persons assessed, and
not the amounts for.wbich they are assessed. The
allowances fixed by this bill are based upon the
number of persons assessed and the extra cost of
living In-large cities. It increases, in the aggre-
gate, the allowance to assessors for clerk hire
about five thousand dollars, increasing the allow-
ances in one hundred and sixteen districts, re-
ducing the extravagant allowances of some dis-
tricts. This proposed method of making allow-
ances for stationery and clerk hire will more nearly
equalize the amounts paid in theseveral districts,
and reduce these expenditures in the aggregate
about twenty thousand dollars. This mode of
making allowances rests upon an intelligible basis,
and it also provides for any increase of business
and any diminution of business in any or all of
the districts.
Mr. JOHNSON, If the honorable member- ia
right as to his facts, as I take it for granted he is,
I am very much surprised for one, and I cannot
think that the mischiefs which certainly exist, if
he is right as to his facts, can be attributed to the
law; certainly not to the law exclusively. They
must be owing to its administration. I agree
with him, and I suppose every Senator would
agree with him, that it is very bad policy to leave
such large amounts of money in the hands of
these collcctors; that the money ought to go into
the Treasury, and that it should be paid out by a
check upon the Treasury. But 1 do not know
that at this time of the session we can provide by
legislation against any such mischief. I should
like to know from thehonorable member whether
he has brought the condition of this bureau or
department to the attention of the Secretary or
to the attention of the President. Itseems to me
that if the facts are as he supposes them, the fault
is m the incumbent principally and not in the law,
arid that the incumbent should either have been
removed or have been instructed to pursue a dif-
ferent course; and if the honoroble member had
brought it to the attention of the President or the
superior officer, 1 suppose the correction would
have been made. But however that may be, it ia
now too late to provide a remedy by any legisla-
tion at this session. What we want is the pas-
sage of this law in some shape or other. Money
we must have, or the credit of the country will
very much suffer.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts 1 think has been a little careless in some
of his statements. It is too grave a matter to al-
low statements of this character to go to the com-
munity, thus creating dissatisfaction in regard to
the system of taxation, when perhaps there is not
so much foundation for them as is supposed.
There is no defect in the law. The only foun-
dation for the Senator's complaint is that there
have been gross inequalities m the allowances for
stationery and clerk hire. That at least is the
principal complaint. 1 have nothing to say in
regard to the present incumbent of this office,
whether he is the best man or not for it._ The
President has nominated him and he is no'w the
officer.
Mr. NYE. Has the present incumbent any-
thing to do with the appointment or removal of
these several officers? I understand he has not.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will refer to that. I have
seen all the tables to which reference is made, and
the complaint now is that there has been gross
inequality in the allowances for clerk hire and
stationery in different districts of the United
States, and if you look at the tables alone, with-
out being informed about the facts, they do pre-
sent a cascofgross inequality in these allowances.
Under the law these accounts all had to be sub-
mitted to the supervision of the proper officers of
the Treasury. The question arose, who are the
proper officers? and it was decided in the office
of Internal Revenue, and also by the Solicitor of
the Treasury, that the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue was the proper officer. I do not think
so. 1 think the proper officers were the Auditor
and Comptroller. To obviate that defect in the
law, and to cure this erroneous construction, we
have provided m one of the amendments already
acted on that the accounting officers of the Treas-
ury shall pass on ail these accounts, and under
the law as it now stands these claims for clerk
hue and stationery must all pass under the super-
vision of the Fifth Auditor and the First Comp-
troller, two as honest men, 1 believe, as there are
in the Government at Washington.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask"ihe Senator if this
bill doqp not provide for the creation of tt new
Auditor.
