1144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, and I intended to ex-
plain (hat. The Fifth Audstor, on account of the
vast accumulation of business in his office, is so
far behind that he is not able to take the burden
of this duty on him and discharge his other du-
ties; and therefore on the recommendation of Mr.
Boutwell, th*  old Commissioner, from the State
of the Senator from Massachusetts, this provision
for a new Auditor was inserted. The section for
the new Auditor was framed by his colleague in
the other House, M r. Boutwlll, for the purpose
of relieving the Fifth Auditor and for the purpose
of having an additional supervision over the ac-
counts of the various collectors and assessors
throughout the country, and it was adopted by the
Committee on Finance to enable this new Aud-
itor to give to this class of accounts the supervis-
ion demanded by the law. The Fifth Auditor is
one of the accounting officers of the Treasury
whose business it is now to scrutinize these ac-
counts.
In my judgment, it was manifestly improper
and wrong for the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue to have anything to do-with these ac-
counts. I do not myself see how such a con-
struction could be put upon the law. The law
is plain that the accounts must be submitted
to the proper officers of the Treasury. When
those words were to be construed, the purpose
and object of the law should have been thought
of, and that was to submit the accounts to (he
accounting officers, for they are the only proper
officers; but to remove all ambiguity, we now
•propose to require them to be submitted to the
accounting officers, and we have provided for
n new Auditor, whose especial duty it shall be
to examine into these accounts and to see that
they are all correct and pioper. I do not believe
there has been any system of fraud, because I
have heard none alleged. The only complaint 1
have heard is that there has been gross inequal-
ity in the allowances for these different things.
I do not now seek to prolong; this discussion.
I asked the Senator what defect there was m the
law. There is none in the law: it is in the exe-
cution of the law. The law allows to these col-
lectors and assessors only enough stationery to
conduct their business, and only enough clerk
hire to discharge their duties. It is impossible
to say by law how many clerks every assessor
and every collector shall have. We cannot pre-
scribe it by law. ]n the cities they want more
or less; in the country districts, covering a large
extent of country, they want sometimes more and
sometimes less, it is not dependent on the amount
of income produced; it depends on a variety of
causes; and we cannot by law prescribe how
many clerks they shall have, or what amount of
stationery they shall have, because theie is such
a variety in the extent of the districts, the amount
of the receipts, the nature of the business, and
the character of the returns and the expense of
the stationery, that it is impossible to fix any
standard or rule by law. All these matters must
be left to the proper officers m passing on the
accounts, arid under the law, as we now piopose
to amend it, all of them will be submitted to the
proper Auditor of the Government.
It the Senator knows of any fraud or anything
wrong m this department, it is his duty to go to
the Pi esident of the United States and make com-
plaint against the officer who is delinquent. If
he believes what he now alleges, that there is
gros e injustice and wrong in the administration
of this department, it is his duty not only to ex-
pose it publicly but to go to (he fountain-head of
executive patronage, where alone is the power
tocorrect it by placing some otherofficer in charge
of this most important bureau of the Government.
1 do not like to hear anything said, without
grave consideration, that affects the character of
the Commissioner of Internal R-venue, because
it tends very seriously to affect the confidence of
the people in the just administration of our tax
system. The people of this country arc willing
to pay taxes if they are honestly collected and
honestly applied; but if you infuse into their
minds the idea that they are not honestly col-
lected orare nothonestiyapplicd,you make them
dissatisfied with the whole system; and therefore
anything; that throws the slightest taint or shadow
of suspicion on any one connected with the col-
lection of internal revenue, m my judgment ought
to be promptly corrected and promptly punished.
Mr. WILSON. I do not certainly wish to
detain the Senate 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The imme-
diate question before the Senate is the amend-
ment moved by the Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Sumner] in reference to books.
Mr. WILSON. But the whole subject of the
bill is open, 1 suppose. I desire to say a word
or two in reply to the Senator from Ohio, I do
not charge the fault to be altogether with the law.
1 think it more with the execution of the law than
with the law itself. I think this is a great de-
partment, and it ought to have at its head one of
the foremost minds of the country. We ought
to have more than one, perhaps a commission of
three of the ablest men, to take charge of this
subject of taxation. We certainly ought to have
in that office some of the ablest accountants on
this continent. I do not say they are not there
now, but I say the office is in a condition that
does not demonstrate it.
I think the proposition for a new Auditor is a
great mistake, and I will tell you why it is a mis-
take. The Fifth Auditor's office is not behind-
hand in this business. It has trained men who
understand all about the business, and who can
do more in one month than your new office will
be able to do the next four months; and why?
They have been working upon these accounts,
and they understand all the rulings in regard to
them. It was only in July last that these accounts
were put into their hands to settle. Twenty-two
months had passed away since the internal rev-
enue system was put in operation, and the ac-
counts when put into their hands were in such a
condition that they could not be settled, and they
were sent back and held in the Internal Revenue
office until after the 4th of last July. Then they
were put in the Fifth Auditor's office, and more
than two months ago that office had brought up
the first year of them. The Fifth Auditor's office,
before these accounts were sent to it, had to let
its men out to other offices because they had noth-
ing to do. They do not "want an additional clerk
in that office; they have abundance of help. The
men are trained men who understand this busi-
ness and know all about it; and let me tell you
further that there are in that office men who are
lit to be at the head of a comptroller's office, or
to occupy almost any other place m the Depart-
ment. I speak of one man in particular, whom
I have known for thirty years, and I know but
few minds in any office of the city of Washington
equal to his. I tell you, you will lose instead of
gaining by this provision for a new Auditor, for
the next five or six months at any rate. In the
course of six months, perhaps, you can get new
men trained to the business, or you may transfer
the trained men from the Fifth Auditor's office
and then begin right.
The Senator from Ohio alluded to the facts
which I brought before the Senate. I am a little
sensitive in regard to the correctness of any state-
ment which I make in reference to facts. I do
not make much trouble on a law point, but I do
not like to give up any statement of a fact which
I have made.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not deny the fact. I
said the tables to which the Senator referred
show gross inequality; but I have no doubt many
of them are explainable.
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator confesses that
the tables show inequalities 
Mr. SHERMAN. I said that distinctly.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the Senator howin the
world it can happen that here in the city of
Washington, with eighteen thousand persons
taxed, and a revenue of five or six hundred thou-
sand dollars, the clerk hire costs $800; and yetin
some districts in the country, with only twelve
thousand names, about two thirds of the num-
ber, the clerk hire is $4,000, and they are asking
for more, and they are the men who get u too;
they are the men who get the extra allowances.
The allowances are not based on any settled
principle, but upon the urgency of the claim for
great compensation. I think this can be cor-
rected to some extent by legislation.
Mr. JOHNSON, We cannot do it now at this
session.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I do not mean
to prolong this discussion; bnt I wish to say here
that at the proper time I shall endeavor to show
that the expense of these officers for cleik hire
and for stationery can be regulated and limited
by law; that there i3 no difficulty about if; and
secondly, I shall endeavor to show at the proper
time that the proposition to create a new Auditor
in the Treasury Department is fraught with all
the mischiefs and all the dangers which have been
suggested by the Senator from Massachusetts;
that there is no necessity for it, and that it will
work great mischief instead of benefit.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I desire to call the attention
of the Senate to the question which is now before
them, and that is in reference to the amendment
of the honorable Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Sumner] to exempt magazines and all other
books from taxation. 1 desire to state that my
opinion is that the great publishing houses of this
country are simply great manufacturing estab-
lishments, and as such should be subject to tax-
ation, as are all other manufacturing establish-
ments. Otherwise, the labor that enters into the
production of these magazines and books is ex-
empt from all duties or liabilities to the Govern-
ment, and I do not believe that the employes of
these immense establishments desire to be ex-
empted from the burdens incident to the neces-
sities of the time.
I go further than this, sir; I do not believe that
the newspaper publisher himself feels as well that
he is exempt from taxation at this time as he would
if he was bearing the burdens incident to the war
which all other interests bear. I do not believe
the man who writes for the magazines—i should
not if I weie capable of writing for a magazine-
feels satisfied to be exempt from taxation at a
time like this; and I am sure those who read them
will not read them with the same feelings of in-
terest that they would if they were taxed. And
so, sir, of all other productions. All printed mat-
ter should, it seems to me, come under the same
category with other interests that are now subject
to taxation.
One of the Senators from Massachusetts [Mr.
Wilson] has exemplified this question very sat-
isfactorily, certainly to me, by the suggestion that
taxation upon the skill and industry of the coun-
try is a tax upon education, and there is no dis-
tinction in that respect. Taxation, to be perfect,
to be thorough, should be upon luxuries and ne-
cessities. Magazines and newspapers have be-
come necessities for the people of this country.
They will read them, and they will bear the pro-
portion of tax necessary, certainly enough to
prevent any invidious distinction between manu-
facturers of different classes. I believe the peo-
ple of the country, the people who read, the peo-
ple who write, will be willing to pay the tax which
is required by the bill from the House of Repre-
sentatives, and I only wish there was a way in
which newspapers could be coupled with maga-
zines and all other productions, including the
Bible.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, my colleague
did not see the difference between a tax on a boy's
clothes and a tax on his book. The country in
its experience, from the first settlement at Ply-
mouth Rock, has seen that difference. 1 saw it
when it undertook to say that education should
be at the public cost, free of charge to every one in
the community. My friend [Mr. Howe] shakes
his head; he knows very well that one of the
proudest acts in the history of New England was
when at an early day she established her system
of public schools, and that system has continued
ever since, where every child goes to the public
school free of cost. - It was not at that time pro-
posed that he should be clothed at the public cost,
but they did propose to give him an education nt
the public cost. And, sir, if you wish to know
what gave to New England those elements of pi os-
perity and of influence which are I think some-
times recognized, you will findit in thatvery edu-
cation at the public cost. It was because at that
early day they saw that it was important that the
mind should bo clothed, and the public willing! y
undertook to do it. They leftto the family at home
to clothe the body; and there, sir, is the precise
difference between the two cases. Now, we pro-
pose that the country should simply act accord-
ing to theoriginal great precedent of our history,
that which has done so much* for the national
character and the national fame, by removing
' every impediment possible in the path ofknowl-
! edire. Do not tell me that by the same rule you
| mus.t remove the tax from the clothes. The argu-
