-37.8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23j
Mr. GOOCH. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. BROOKS. I have no more controversy
with the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. GOOCH. 1 wish to say simply 
Mr. BROOKS. I will riot yield to the gentle-
man 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York has the floor, and is entitled to proceed
without interruption.
Mr, BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, this money was
taken from this banker—from Saratoga county,
in the State of New York—in the city of New
Orleans in May or June, 18G2. It isnow past the
middle of January, 1865, and this §50,000 in gold
has been in the possession of Major General But-
ler throughout all that period of time, without
any deposit of it whatever in the Treasury of the
United States. I think the country will compre-
hend now and judge whether or not I was light
in the remarks that I made on the floor of this
House.
If General Butler or his friends are dissatisfied
with those remarks, the proper mode and manner
of defending him was to have asked a committee
of investigation. His course as an honest and
upright man was to have demanded an investiga-
tion here, not to have sent me a letter of this soi t,
whether threatening or not, to engage me to en-
ter into a controversy with him on the subject.
While I am on the floor, Mr. Speaker, permit
me to say, in defense of the adjective which 1
applied to General Butler, that there are other
transactions which, in the course and progress
of the investigation will, if I am not greatly mis-
taken, fully justify me in the application of that
adjective to him.
An honorable gentleman from Michigan [Mr.
Driggs] introduced, the other day, into this
House a resolution respecting certain trade per-
mits and cotton transactions in Norfolk, Vir-
ginia, and in North Carolina. I know not under
what information that honorable gentleman in-
troduced that resolution;Hbut I am sure, if I am
not misinformed, that there have been transac-
tions in connection with that, which transactions,
I hope, will be investigated by the Committee on
Commerce, to which this subject was referred,
mid of which committee the honorable gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Wasiibukne] is chairman.
When those transactions are fully developed, 1
feel confident, from his upughtnoas and the up-
rightness of that committee; i feel confident, too,
from the facts now well known in the War De-
partment; I feel confident, too, from the submis-
sion of the facts to Lieutenant General Grant, who
is about to institute an investigation into those
trade permits and cotton transactions; I feel con-
fident, too, from the uprightness of the Secretary
of the Treasury, whom I have known for forty
years as an honest man, and who has suspended
an agent of the Treasury, Mr. Risley, from issu-
ing any more of these permits, in order to look
into them till; I feel confident, too, from the ac-
tion of the War Department, which, if I am not
misinformed, has also called here Btigndier Gen-
eral Sheplev to explain these transactions, so far
as he may be cognizant of them, when under the
conduct and command of Major Gcneial Butler
in the department of North Carolina; I feel
confident, I say, that when the whole subject is
brought before the Committee on Commerce and
thoroughly ventilated,as I trust it will be, facts
will come out whtch will fully justify me in the
remarks which 1 have made, it will appear that
a certain G. N. Lane, who was found guilty of
fraud to a large amount in the forage department
here in the vicinity of Washington, at Alexan-
dria, and who, after detection, icfunded a large
sum of money to the United States Treasury, was
recommended by Major General Butler to Mr.
Rtsley to receive from this Mr. Risley permits to
enter into a trade with the rebels of North Caro-
lina. These permits, embracing only the simple
articles of cordage, hoop skirts, and ladies'wear-
ing apparel, &c., were used for the purpose of
transporting through the command of Major Gen-
eral Butler to General Lee numerous articles that
were contraband of war.
Among the articles furnished were Army shoes,
coffee, salt, pork, hats, blankets,&c. They went
up the Chowan river, and the Nottoway, to a point
near the rebel headquarters, at Marpies depot,
within the lines of the rebels; and on one occasion
two hundred and fifty-five bales of cotton were
brought out by one steamer, which cotton was
brought in twenty-three rebel wagons, marked
" C. S. A.,'' confederate States of America, and
exchanged for these blankets, this coffee, this
salt, &c. These transactions amounted in all, in
the months of November and December last, to
$700,000. These blankets, this salt, this coffee,
went direct to the rebel army of General Lee, and
helped to supply the vigor and vitality with which
the rebels of that confederate army have assailed
and assaulted the brave soldiers of the United
States.
It will appear, too, in the course of that inves-
tigation, if 1 am not misinformed, that a brother-
in-law of Major General Butler—a Mr. Hildreth,
of Massachusetts—received in only one transac-
tion, for his share of profits in these transactions,
a check for $7,000, while in other cases other
sums were given, the amount of which it is not
in my power to name.
Let me state in this connection, for the honor
of the Treasury Department, that the collector of
Norfolk reported to General Butler these trans-
actions, and remonstrated against them, and that
they wore well known to numerous people within
the command of Major General Butler, and that
these peopfe did not dare to make exposition of
them for fear of Major General Butler while he
was in command of those forces there.
With these remarks, Mr. Speaker, let me add
that I make no charge of corruption or forgery
against the Departments of this Government, nor
against the honorable gentlemen on that side of
the House. The Secretary of the Treasury im-
mediately upon suspicion and discovery of these
facts did his duty. The Secretary of War, on
these facts being made known to him, discharged
his duty. I have only stated what is the informa-
tion that a few gentlemen on the other side of the
Mouse are possessed of, but who are not in a po-
sition to speak with that freedom which I, as a
member of the Opposition, can speak.
I do not, sir, speak for party purposes. I have
no party in any controversy like this. I acquit
every member on that side of the House of any
participation in this affair. I rise here now, as
1 did in the last session of Congress, when I felt
it to be my duty to discharge a disagreeable duty
as to an investigation into the Treasury, and in
like manner I now assume a painful position to
disclose facts which I tlunk I may say I know
the other side will investigate fully. I do not
feel, however, that I should have been tempted to
take this disagreeable position if I had not been in-
vited by this letter of Major General Butler, when
I made my remark the other day in reply to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scofield.]
General Butler was potent in this country, with
full command,high in authority, and,as I believed,
in the full confidence of the Administration; and
now when he has fallen—as he seems to have
fallen—1 would not have made these remarks
respecting a man in that position if he had not
invitfd me by the letter which lie sent through an
aid-de-camp as if daring me to answer.
1 wish to enter into no epistolary correspond-
ence with htm. As, in another sphere of duty,
the pen is the msti ument I use, there I will fully
respond to any letters he may send to me when I
return to thatspheie of duty. But hereupon this
floor, claiming the privilege of a member to fieely
discuss public men and public matters, I appeal
to no outside tribunal of letters, but content my-
self with the forum here. I address the House
in the presence of the country, and disclose the
facts I have disclosed here to-day to justify the
ad jective and the epithet 1 applied the other day,
in the hope—I trust no vain hope—that such dis-
closures will be of service to the country.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. COBB, fiom the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled a bill and joint resolutions of the fol-
lowing titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 72) supplementary to an act
entitled "An act to presctibe an oath of office,
and for other purposes," approved July 2,1862;
A joint resolution (S. No. 99) tendering the
thanks of Congress to Rear Admiral David D.
Porter, and the officers, petty officers, seamen, and
marines under his command, for their gallantry
and good conduct in the recent capture of Fort
Fisher; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 98) to present the
thanks of Congress to Brevet Major General Al-
fred H. Terry and the officers and men under his
command.
QUESTION OF PRIVILEGE—AGAIN.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, we have heard
much to-day about the privileges of this House;
and there are some high privileges which have been
infringed. Members decent, decorous, and re-
spectable in their behavior have been assj\iled
by ruffians. But there is another privilege inju-
rious and dangerous to the country. It is the
privilege which members assume to rise in their
places and in a vindictive, in a malignant, in an
outrageous and indecent manner, to scatter their
filth and slanders upon the great men and patriots
of this nation,and then to come into this House
and skulk responsibility, shield themselves from
answer because they are members upon this floor.
That privilege when thus used is an abuse of the
privilege, and ought to recoil upon the head of
any man who practices it. Here he stands un-
der the shield of this privilege, and without one
particle of proof sends forth charges which are to
affect the character of those who are fighting for
our liberties and who are among the patriots and
eminent men of our country. This is not the
place, and this is not the privilege to be thus
abused.
The gentleman from New York said he did it
from revengeful motives; that he was provoked
to it by the letter which has been read. 1 have
no doubt it was revengeful. But, sir, I hardly
blame the gentleman from Illinois as much as I
do those around me—I will not refer to gentle-
men—and 1 am only soiry the names of those
who gave that privilege are not upon the record,
that the country might see and point at them with
scorn. Sir, how can it be possible that a man
could be brought to sustain such a motion, with
a fair notice of what would follow, unless it were
to gratify an appetite which loves the filthiest
garbage which is thrown forth from the foulest
stomach by malignant hate?
Mr. SCHENCK. If the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will give way> 1 will move that the
House adjourn, and he can resume his remaiks
to-morrow.
Mr. STEVENS. I will do so. It is light
that we should have an opportunity to put a few
facts before the House.
SERVICE ON COMMITTEE.
Mr. SCHENCK. With the permission of the
House,before I move to adjourn, I desire to say
that I have understood from the Speaker that he
would place me upon the committee to investigate
the assault made on the member from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Kelley,] and that I would be expected
to serve. 1 wish to ask now, before the commit-
tee is announced, to be excused from serving
thereon. 1 will not shrink from taking a fair
share of any labor of that kind,but 1 will state to
the members of the House, that upon matters
which the Committee on Military Affairs are
charged to investigate they have sent for wit-
nesses and business has so accumulated before us
that we are compelled to meet four mornings in
the week, and we probably shall have to meet
every morning, and I feci that I cannot possibly
give that attention to investigating the assault
that I would like to give to any matter of inves-
tigation.
The SPEAKER. The Chair not having ap-
pointed the committee, he will take the intimation
of the gentleman as a dosiie to be excused from
service upon that committee.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hicket,
their Chief Clerk, announced to the House that
the Senate had passed, with amendments,in which
the concurrence of the House was requested, a
joint resolution (H. R. No. 99) reserving the min-
eral lands from the operation of all acts passed at
the present session granting lands or extending
the time of former grants.
Also, that the Senate had passed an act (S. No.
382) to provide for the better organization of the
pay department of the Navy; in which the con-
currence of the House was requested.
Mr. SCHENCXi. I move that the House
adjourn.
