382
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
Now, sir, I believe that the Senate will not
undertake in this age of Christian light, underariy
inducement, under any provocation, to counsel
the Executive Government to enter into any such
competition with barbarism. Sir, the tiling is
impossible; it cannot be entertained; we cannot
be cruel, or barbarous, or savage because the
rebels whom we are now meeting in warfare are
cruel, barbarous, and savage. We cannot imi-
tate that detested example. Sir, we find no pre-
cedent for it in our own history nor in the history
of other nations. "We find no precedent, I say,
in our own history. This question was one of
the earliest that General Washington had to deal
with after he took command of the American
forces at Cambridge. From his headquarters
there, under date of August 11,1775, he addressed a
letter to General Gage, the commander of the Brit-
ish forces in Boston, and I believe that this letter
contains the full extent to which a nation can
honorably go; and 1 must say that as I read it I
felt new pride in that commander of our forces
who thus early in the discharge of hisgreatduties
showed such an insight into their proper limits
and responsibilities. In addressing General Gage,
he said:
li Sir, T understand that the officers engaged 5n tlie cause
of the hbei ty of their country, who by the 'fortune of war
have fallen into your hand*, have been thrown indiscrim-
inately into a common jail appropriated for felon-?; that no
consideration has been had for those of the most respect-
able lank when languishing with wounds and sickness;
tls.it, some of them have been even amputated in this un-
healthy situation.75
After proceeding to remind General Gnge of the
cause in which he was engaged, he continued:
t{ My duty now makes it necessary to apprise you that
for the future 1 shall legulate my conduct towaid those
gentlemen who are or may be in our possession exactly by
the rule \ou shall observe towaid those of ours now in your
custody.'
" If severity and hardship mark the line of youreonduet,
(painful .is it may be to me,) your prisoners will feel its
effect..?; hut il kindness and humanity are shown to ours,
i shall with pleastiio consider those in our hands only as
unlortuu.ue, and they shall receive from me that treatment
to winch the unfortunate are ever entitled.''
Senators about me say " that is sound." Iam
glad they say so, and if they can find in thin cor-
respondence uny sanction for the adoption ofthe
savage system winch is now inauguiated in rebel
prisons, let them point it out. The correspond-
ence has its own limitations in the statement of
facts on which it proceeds. What are they?
Prisoners had been thrown indiscriminately into
a common jail appropriated for felons, and no con-
sideration had been had for those of the most re-
spectable ranks, when languishing with wounds
and sickness; and some of them had been even
amputated in this unhealthy situation. There is,
sir, no such pninful suggestion as that they " have
been subjected to treatment unexampled for cruelty
in tho history of civilized war, finding its parallels
only in the condnctof savage tribes; treatment re-
sulting m the death of multitudes by the slow but
designed process of starvation." No such thing
appeals in the case; and the judgment of Wash-
ington was applied strictly to lite fuels before him.
But this is not all. Search the history of our
country and you will find that the practice seems
to bo fixed; the rule srems to have received an
accuracy of statement from which there can be no
escape. I hav<j before me here the words of Chan-
cellor Kent in his commentaries, volume one, page
93, where he touches this question:
<k Instance** of resolutions to retaliate on innocent pris-
oner of war oceuried In thiseountiy dating the revolution-
ary war. a* well as during that of 181:2; hut theie was no
instance in which retaliation, beyond the men.-uie oi se
cure confinement, took place in icspcct lo prisoneis of
war."
There you have the authoiitativc testimony
of that gieat expounder of our history and of
our jurisprudence, the late Chancellor Kent. 1
may add also the testimony of another American
writer on this subject, whom i have quoted more
than once in this Chamber, Gene ml Hal leek, who,
in his work on international Law, thus expiesses
himself on page 296:
R«;ta{iifion should be limited to such punishments aa
may beiequisite for our own safety and the good of society;
beyond this u cannot be justified. We have no right to
mutilate the embassador of a bru barons Power because his
sovereign lias Heated our embassador in that manner, nor
to put posoners and hostages to death, and to destroy pri-
vate property, merely because our enemy has done this to
us; for no individual is ju tiy chargeable with the guilt of
a personal crime (or the acts of the community of wiueh
he is a member."
I said, sir, it was without a precedent in the
history of other nations. I believe that i am
right. I believe that no authentic record can be
shown where such savage treatment has been imi-
tatedbyway of retaliation, bya Christian Power.
One of the most learned writers on the law of
nations, Yattel, dealing with this very subject,
very aptly puts the following question:
" What right have you to cut off the nose and ears of the
embassador of a barbarian who hud treated your embassa-
dor in that manner ?"— Vattel, book '2, chapter 18, § 339.
That question of this learned publicist strikes
at the heart of this whole subject. What right
have you to adopt any barbarous conduct be-
cause the barbarous enemy with whom you deal
has set the example? This same eminent publi-
cist, in another place, says:
*' It was a maxim of the Roman Senate that war was to
be carried on with aims, and not with poison." * *
* * " The Senate, and even Tiberius himself, thought
it unlawful to adopt the use of poison, even against a per-
fidious enemy, and as a kind of retaliation or repii&al."—
Vattely book 3, chapter 8, § 155.
That statement, sir, covers the whole case.
Why is it unlawful by way of retaliation to adopt
poison ? Because it is barbarous; and for the same
reason it is unlawful for us to adopt starvation, to
adopt all that cruel system of treatment which is
so emphatically set forth in the preamble to this
resolution. And yet,sir, 1 know well that by the
laws of war retaliation is permissible; but it has
its limits, and those limits, as I have ventured to
say in the resolutions which I have sent to the
chair as a substitute, are at least twofold: first,
the retaliation must be useful, it must reasonably
promise some practical result; and, in the second
place, it must be in harmony wiih the usages of
civilized nations. The retaliation that is proposed,
as I have already explained in the resolutions, is
useless, for it can have no practical result; and it
is not in harmony with the usages of civilized na-
tions.
I have said that tho laws of war recognize re-
taliation. The recent most formal and explicit
declaration on the subject from any quarter is in
the veiy elaborate "instructions fur the govern-
ment of the armies of the United States in the
field," drawn up since this war began, undei the
direction of a learned commission, and by the pen
of one of the ablest and most leai ned publicists
of our age. 1 refer to Dr. Lscber, once nnd for
many years professor in the University of South
Carolina, and now professor in the University of
Columbia, at New York. In these instructions
lie thus affirms the genera! law of letahauon:
"The law of war can no moie whollydi^pen^e with re-
taliation than can the law of nations of whien it i-:i hi .inch.
Yet civilized nations acknowledge ictalmiion as the stoni-
est feature of the war. A ieckless enemy ottcu leaves to
his opponent no other mcuiii o! seeuuiig himself against
a repetition of baibarous outiai^o."
Such is the general principle laid down in these
instructions And now, sir, 1 shall read to the
Senate the commentary of this same learned pub-
heist on these very instructions in a letter which
1 have received from him this morning. Bear in
mind, sir, that the writer of this letter is a student
of the laws of war, that he vindicates their exer-
cise, and that in pioper cases he vindicates the
exeiciso of retaliation; and now allow me to pre-
sent his criticism on the retaliation proposed:
" X am unqualifiedly against tho retaliation r^-olutlons con-
cerning pusoneisof wat. The piovision that tnc southerncis
in our hands shall be watched ovei by national soldiers who
have been in southern pens is uinvoi thy of any grc.it people
or hiph-minded statesman. 1 am not opposed to tetaliation
because it i-mkes those who aie not or may not he guilty
oi the outrage we wish to put an end to. That is the ter-
l ibit! character of almost ail retaliation in war. f abhor this
revenge on pt toners ol war, because vv e would sink there-
by to the level ol the enemj \s shame ami dishonor. Ail
h Ulnition has some limit. If we fight with Indian- who
slowly ioast their piisoneis, we cannot roast in turn the
Indians whom we may capture. And what is more, I defy
Congress orGovernment to make the northern peopie tieat
caprmed f-outhetne^ as our ^ons aie treated by them. God
be thanked you could not do it, and if jou could, how it
would brutalize our own people! I feel the cruelty as
keenly as anyone; Igueve most bitteily that people whom
we and all the world luve taken to possess the common attri-
butes of humanity, <tnd who after all aie our kin, have sunk
so loathsomely low ; E feel the hardship ot seeing no imme-
diate and dneet lcmedy, cxeept e<>nquenng and trampling
out the vile rebellion; but I maintain that the [imposed (yet
unfeasible) letaliattou is not the remedy. Indeed, calmly
to maintain oui ground would do us in the end lai more
good- "Revenge is passion, and ought never to enter ihe
sphere of public action. Passion always detiaets from
power.
u I believe that the ineffable cruelty piacticed against our
men has been equaled in the history of our race by the
Spanish treatment of the Indians and by the Inquisition,
but counter cruelty would not mend matter.'. Those who
can allow such crimes would not be moved by cruelties
inflicted upon their soldiers in our hands. These cruel-
ties, therefore, would be simply revenge, not retaliation, tor
retaliation as an element ot the law of war, and of nations
m general, implies the idea of thereby stopping a certain
evil. But no mortal shall indulge in revenge.
" I am indeed against all dainty ueatment ofthe prisoners
in our bands, but for the love of our country and the great
destiny of our people, do not sink, even in single cases, to
the level of our unhappy, shameless enemy.'7 * * *
"If you could march out some ten thousand prisoners in
our hands and say to the enemy: Either you treat our pris-
oners better or we execute every one of these ten thousand
prisoners in our hands, and if you could make the enemy
believe >ou, 1 would say this is plain retaliation. Rut could
you do it, would you do it ? And as to starve those who
have starved our sons, and bv the thousand, why every one
knows the thing cannot be done, and Heaven be praised it
is so.
" The only remedy for this bitter evil, as for all others that
beset us noiv, is, let us send men, and men, and men to our
Shermans and Thomases that they maystiikc, and strike,
and stuke again. Let us place ourselves right belore our
own times and befoie postenty, and let the foul enemy see
how he can place himself before the woild and in history
when lying has ceased. It is his affair."
I have read this letter, and I quote it a3 author-
ity bccausc it is written by the very pen which
wrote that proposition embodying retaliation in
the instructions to the armies ofthe United States.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I hope the amend
rnent proposed by the Senator from Massachu-
setts to this resolution will not prevail,because so
far from intimidating the enemy or inducing them
to believe they must give up their inhuman treat-
ment of our soldiers, it will rather be an invitation
to them to continue it. 'The Senator from Massa-
chusetts has proved, in the course of his argument,
what 1 supposed was well settled international
law, that the principle of retaliation is part and
paicel of the law of war. It has been practiced
by all civilized nations, as often as there has been
occasions for it. The first example that the Sena-
tor read was that of the father of his country in
the revolutionary war. Very early in the strug-
gle, at the very outset of the war, as soon as it
came to his ears that the British were maltreating
our men who weie piisoneis in their hands, he
gave them to understand that their treatment of
our pi isoners in their hands would be the measure
that he would award to their prisoners in our
hands. That he lays down clearly as a principle,
and he deduced it from the well settled laws of
nations. He did not lay down any limitation of
it. He simply went on to sum up what he un-
derstood to be their treatment, and said that he
should observe the same toward them. Does the
Senator believe that if their treatment had been
infinitely more inhuman than it was, that fact
would have induced Washington to drop the prin-
ciple altogether ? Would it not rather have been
a seven-fold reason why he should enforce it with
greater vigor? He did not lay it down as a lim-
itation, but as a settled principle of law which he
would adhere to, that his treatment of piisoners
in his hands should be precisely the same with
the treatment by the enemy of the piisoneis in
their hands.
So the authors to whom he has referred all lay
it down that it is no new thing I am contending
for. The great writers upon international law
all treat it as a well settled doctiine that is to be
resorted to when there is a necessity for it, though
of course not for the purpose of indulging in vin-
dictive feelings or vengeance. If it was only
prompted by such feelings, it would be savage
and utterly unworthy of our consideration for a
moment; but that is not the feeling which prompts
us, nor has it among civilized nations become
part and parcel of international law for the pur-
pose of revenge, but simply because it is fre-
quently a necessity of war, because you cannot
get justice done to your own side, to your own
men, unless you resort to this great principle. It
arises out of the feelings of human nature. It is
that remedy which suggests itself even to a child.
It is part and parcel of human nature,and is con-
sequently incorporated into the lav/of war by all
civilized nations.
The Senator says that it will not be useful, that
it will not have the effect which we ascribe to it.
If he could show that, 1 agree with him there
would be no reason why I should urge it upon
the Senate, or why they should adopt it. If it
would not prevent this savage barbarity, if it
would not provide a remedy, there would be no
reason for my urging it or for the Senate adopting
it; but the law itself is founded upon the idea that
