1148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
lands and of town property in the public do-
mam.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
up and read a first and second time.
Mr. tllGBY. I move to refer this bill to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
The motion was agreed to.
CONDUCT OF TIIK WAR.
Mr. GOOCH. 1 desire to have taken from the
Speaker's table a concurrent resolution of the
Senate extending the time of the joint commit-
tee on the conduct of the war for thirty days
after the close of this session, and I shall move
to amend by striking out " thirty" and inserting
"sixty.
The SPEAKER. It requires unanimous con-
sent at this time or a suspension of the rules.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 do not want to object; but
I would like to hear some reason for this exten-
sion. I should like to know why that committee
should not die with the rest of us on the 4th of
March next.
Mr. GOOCH. The reason we ask this exten-
sion is this: we have been instructed by the Sen-
ate and also by this House to investigate certain
matters pertaining to the Army and the Navy.
We have found it impossible to obtain the testi-
mony of some of the most material witnesses;
and for that reason we are unwilling to report
until we have obtained that testimony.
For instance, under a resolution of the Senate,
we have taken testimony in relation to the attack
upon Port Fisher. Thus far we have found our-
selves unable to obtain the testimony of Admiral
Porter, although we have made all the efforts in
our power to obtain it. We havealso taken tes-
timony, under a resolution of this House, in rela-
tion to the Red uver expedition. We have found
ourselves unable to obtain the testimony of Ad-
miral Porter m relation to that expedition. We
are vciy unwilling* to complete our reports, or
make any report on either of these matters until
we have obtained his testimony and the testi-
mony of some other officers, who have been so
engaged in service that it is impossible for us to
leach them. It is for that reason that an exten-
sion of time is asked. I desire to have it made
sixty days instead of thirty days; as thirty days
may leave us without having accomplished what
we desire to do.
Mr. WADSWORTH. 1 objcctto theconsider-
ation of this resolution.
Mr. G00CI1. I move to stispend the rules
for the pui pose of taking up that resolution.
Mr. WADSWORTH. Will an amendment
to abolish the committee on the conduct of the
war be in order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it would
not be m order.
Mr. GOOCII called for tellers.
Teileisweic ordered; and Messrs. Gooch and
Wadswortii were appointed.
The Iloiihc divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 71, noes 46.
Two thuds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended.
JIAJOU GENERAL II. W. IIALLECK.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, on the 25th
of January this House adopted a resolution, re-
• ported from the Committee on Military Affairs,
asking the Secretary of War to inform the House
to what particular command Major General Hal-
jock was nsKjgurd, and whether he was receiving
double rations, and if so, under what authority
of law. On the 30th of January wc received a
reply from the Secretary ok War, which was laid
on the table and ordered to be printed. That re-
ply is, 1 think, not satisfactory as to the author-
ity ot law under which larsre allowances have
been made to this officer, i now move that the
communication of the Secrerary of War be re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. KALRFLElSCH. I object.
Mr. SCtlENClC. 1 move to suspend the rules
that I may make the motion for reference.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask for the reading of the
answer the S-cretary of War.
The Cieik mid, as tollows:
WATC DTPARr.MENI,
Washington (JifY, January 26, 1*05.
Fir: 1 ti'uiMiu' hoiewith the report of the Adjutant Gen-
eral, u it!i aeconiprtiv ni<: nidns, in reply to the resolution
of the fiou-^o ot K' preventatives dat<-d January^, UH>5?
inquiring concerning the duties and allowances of Major
General H. VV. Halleck, United States Army.
1 am, sir, very respecting, your obedienu-eivart.
KM. STANTON,
Secretary of War.
Hon. Schuyler Colfax,
Speakei of the House of Representatives.
Adjutant General'? OrFics.
Washington, D. €., January 28, 1865.
Sie : In answer to the resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives of January 2o, 1865, copies of the order of the
President of March 12. 1864, placing Major General H.W.
Halleck on duty as cluef of staff of the Army, and of the
order of the Secietary of War that the chief ot staff receive
the same allowance as if commanding a military depart-
ment, are transmitted herewith.
It has been the usage of the War Department to give to
officers exeicising command over two or more military de-
partments the same allowances as to his subordinate who
commands only a single military department. The War
Department ha^ uniformly so construed the law.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
E. D. TOWNSEND,
Assistant Jldjutant General.
Hon. E. M. Stanton, Secretary of War.
[General Orders, No. 98.]
War JDei aktmbnt, Adjutant General's Office,
Washington, Match 1%, 1864.
The President of the United States orders as follows:
I. Major General [1. W. Ilalleck is, at hi:# own request,
relieved from duty as genernl-m-chief of theAimy, and
LteutenantGeneral U. S. Grant N assigned to the command
of the armies ot the United States. The headquaiten? of
the Ai my will be in Washington, and also with Lieutenant
General Grant, in the field.
II. Major GeuPi.il H. W. Ilalleek is assigned to duty in
Washington, as chief of of the Ann}, under the direc-
tion of the Seciet.iry of War and the Jjientcniuit Geneial
commanding. IIis orders will he obeyed and respected
aeeoidiiiiily.
Ul. Major Goneial W. T. Sherman Is assigned to the
command ot the nulitaiy division of the Mu-^issippi, coin-
posed of the departments of the Ohio, the Cumberland, the
Tennessee, and the Arkansas.
IV. Major General J. B. McPherson h assigned to the
command of the depaitment and army of the Tennessee.
V. Jn relieving Major Geneial Halleck from duty as
general-m-chiet. the President desires to express lu-s ap-
probation and thanks for the able and zealots manner in
which the aiduous and responsible duties ol tiiat position
have been performed.
By order of the Secretary of War.
K. D. TOWNSEND,
Assistant Jldjutunt Gnneial.
War Department,
Washington, D. U., Maich 10, J864.
A major general, while on duty as chief of naff of the
Army, will receive the-same allowance as if commanding
a military department.
EDWIN M. STANTON",
Secretary of fVar.
Mr. KALBFLEISCH. I withdraw my ob-
jection to the motion of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Schenck.]
The motion to refer the answer of the Secretary
of War to the Committee on Military Affairs was
agreed to.
ARMY REGISTER.
Mr. SCHENCK. The House passed some
time ago a joint resolution (H. R. No. 169) to pro-
vide for the publication of a full Army Register,
to contain the names of all the volunteer officers.
The Senate has passed that joint resolution with
several amendments. I now move that by unani-
mous consent those amendments be taken from
the Speaker's table and acted upon. I think that
all those amendments ought to be concurred in,
except one, which will make the puce of the book
higher, 1 think, than it ought to be.
There being no objection, the House proceeded
to the consideration of the Senate amendments.
First amendment:
Strike out all after the word c: required" in the second
line to and including sixty-five" in line three,&o that the
clause will read:
That the Secretary of War be, and is hereby, authorized
and required to cause to be printed and published a full ros-
ter or roll of all general, field, line, and stall" officers ot vol-
unteers, &c.
The amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment:
After the word " States" in the sixth line, insert" at any
time;" m> that the clause will read," who have been in the
Army of the United States at any tune."
The amendment was concurred in.
Third amendment:
After the word " rebellion" in t-hc sixth line, insert the
would "including all infonnal organizations which have
l <;en recognized or accepted and pud by the United
States.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
In the tenth line strike out " fifty" and Insert in lieu
thereof" twenty-fiveso that the clause will read, "an
edition of twenty-five thousand copies."
The amendment was concurred in.
Fifth amendment:
After the word "binding" in the thirteenth line strike
out the woids " and shall not in any case cxcetd one dol-
lar per volume."
Mr. SCHENCK. I hopeth$t this amendment
will not be concurred in; and I will explain briefly
the difference between the House and the Senate.
As the resolution was originally reported by the
Military Committee of this House, it provided
that this Register, this roll of all the officers of
volunteers, shall be sold to them and theirfriends,
to soldiers and civilians, at the actual cost of
printing, provided that the price shall not exceed
one dollar per copy, i have no doubt myself
that the volume, which will be a bulky one, will
cost more than a dollar. The Senate, however,
has struck out that restriction. I am gull of opin-
ion that we ought to afford this volume at a rate
even something below the cost, so that all the
friends of all the soldiers and officers may be ena-
bled to furnish themselves with a copy at the
cheapest possible rate. The book may be made to
cost some two or three dollars, if the resolution is
left without any restriction of that kind; and the
restriction proposed is that the price shall be limit-
ed to the actual cost of composition, press-work,
and paper, piovided that the price shall not be
above one dollar. I hope that that restriction will
be retained, i trust that the amendment of the
Senate will not be concurred in.
The amendment was not concurred in.
Mr. SCHENCIC. I move to reconsider the
votes on concurring in the amendments of the
Senate; and also move that motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
■VOLUNTEER ENGINEER TROOPS.
Mr. GARFIELD, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to regulate the organization of vol-
unteerengmecr troops; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to report back House
bill No. G49, making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for tiie year ending June 30, 1866,
with the amendments of the Senate thereto. I
ask that they be now considered.
Mr. BROOKS. It is understood that they are
to be considered in the House as in the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, under
the five minutes debate.
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir. _
There was no objection, and it was ordered ac-
cordingly.
First amendment:
Strike out " ten" and insert " twenty so that it will
read:
For reporting proceedings in the Daily Globe for the first
session of the Thirty-Ninth Congress, $2U,()00.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is amend-
ment in order to that amendment ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope, then,
that the condition will be affixed that the appro-
priation shall be dependent on the publication of
the debates of the Senate and the House the next
morning m the Daily Globe.
Mr. STEVENS. The committee have moved
to non-concur.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope that
the attention of the committee of conference will
be called to this subject.
Mr. STEVENS. The Senate are desirous,
and very properly, that this House shall not be
too extravagant in makingappropriations. When
we promised some $30,000 to our employes they
refused to allow it because it was too large for
the contingent fund of the House. In looking at
the contingent fund of the Senate, I find that they
have three times as many Globes as we have, and
they ask to pay in the same proportion. I do not
know of any rule in morals or of economy that
will allow that to be done.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
