1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1149
Second amendment:
Add:
For paying the publishers of th<? Congressional Globe and
Appendix, according to the number of copies taken, one
cent forevery five pages exceeding three thousand, includ-
ing the indexes and the laws of the United States, $12,900.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Third amendment:
Add:
Fo  one complete set of the Congressional Globe and
Appendix for each Senator in the Thirty-Ninth Congress
who has not already teceived them, §6,800.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence, with the following amend-
ment:
Provvlei^hou'evcr, That no Senator who has already, as
a member of the [louse of Representatives, received a set
of the Congressional Globe, shall be entitled to receive
another set as such Senator;* and the sum of $40,000 is
hereby appsopiiated to be added to the contingent fund of
The iioiise of Repie^enlatives for the purpose of paying for
stationery puiposes and such other expenses as the House
may have directed or shall direct: Piovidcd, That no pait
of t-uch sum '-hail be applied to a permanent addition to
the xalaites of their clerks and employes.
For compensation to stenogiapher to committees of the
Ilou^e of Repiebcutatives, to be added to the contingent
fund of the House, $3,650.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the Senate amendment as amended was
concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
Strike out " $10,334" and insert "$19,170," so that it
will read : " Capitol police, $19,170."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
Mr. BROOKS. That inoreases the Capitol
police?
Mr. STEVENS. There have been added by
authority of law certain members to that police,
and this makes the appropriation in accordance
with the number of the police. The Presiding
Officers of the two Houses have the right to add
to the number of police.
Mr. BROOKS. I hope that the Capitol will
be watched carefully to the extent of $9,000 addi-
tional.
The SPEAKER. The CommissionerofPublic
Buildings informed the President of the Seriate
and the Speaker of the House that he did not re-
gard the Capitol safe with the present force, and
an increase was therefore granted to him.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. 1 am utterly opposed
to an increase of the Capitol police. I came here
the other night to attend the sitting of my com-
mittee, and could not get in at the western door,
but was compelled to go through the mud to the
eastern door. I think tf we have not enough now
to keep the doors open we will never have.
Mr. STEVENS. What hour of the night
was it ?
, Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. Seven o'clock. It was
the 22d of February.
Mr. STEVENS. Everybody was excluded
that evening.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fifth amendment:
On page 3 strike out lines nineteen, twenty, twenty-one,
and twenty-two, as follows:
Forremoving the unsightly high fence, or railing, which
has been elected m the old Hall or' Repiesentatives, $100,
oi as much theieof as may be necessary.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Sixth amendment:
Increase the appropriation, on the part of the House of
Repiesentatives, for the pay of the Capitol police, from
$13,920 to $19,170.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That seems
to be somewhat extraordinary legislation.
Mr. STEVENS. The necessity for it arose
out of a mistake in the addition of the several
salaries of the Capitol police.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What struck
me as remarkable was that the Senate should put
in this amendment to pay a part of our own em-
ployes.
Mr. STEVENS. The Senate finding that we
had omitted it, and being unwilling togive us the
$40,000 for extra compensation to our clerks, gave
us this.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suppose
it is a compromise, then.
Mr. STEVENS. It is a coax, if I under-
stand it.
The amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment:
Increase the aggregate appropriation for annnal sala-
ries paid by the House to Its employes from $104,178 to
$109,423.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
Mr. PRICE. I inquire for information whether
the salaries placed opposite the names of the clerks
and employes of the House amount to $104,178
or to $109,428.
Mr. STEVENS. That can be easily ascer-
tained by a simple addition. It will be remem-
bered that we have just increased one item, that
for the Capitol police, from thirteen to nineteen
odd thousand dollars; and now the question is
upon increasing the aggregate amount to the
same extent.
Mr. PRICE. I do not understand why be-
cause we made "nineteen" out of " thu teen*"
we should make " nine" out of four."
Mr. STEVENS. If you increase the aggre-
gate amount reported m the bill by the amount
that we have just increased one of the items
which go to make up that aggregate, the gentle-
man will find that it amounts to $109,428.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighth amendment:
On page 7, after line two, add the following:
Foi completing the tiling of the ilooi of the old Hall of
Representatives, under the same authority that the woik
has already been done, $3,«75.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Ninth amendment:
On page 7, alter line eleven, inseit the following :
For addition to the Public Printing Office and the neces-
sary presses, machinery, and fixtures, $61,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Tenth amendment:
On page 7, line twenty-three, strike out " fifty " and in-
sert " ninetyso that the clause will read :
For lithographing and engraving for the Senate and
House of Repiesentatives, $90,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Eleventh amendment:
On page 8, line three, strike out "five" and insert
" eightso to make the appropriation for the purchase of
books lor the Libiaiy $8,U0U.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twelfth amendment:
On pane 8, after line six, insert:
For an enlargement of the Library of Congress, so as to
include in two wings, built fiie-proof, the space at either
end of the present Libiary, measuring about eighty lectin
length by thirty ioet in width, in aecoidance with a plan to
be approved by the Committee on the Library, $160,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence with an amendment to add
the words " to be expended under the direction
of the Secretary of the Interior."
Theamendmentto theamendmentwas agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflliinnis. I would like
to make an inquiry in reference to this matter.
My attention was called in a diffeting direction
when this amendment was read. Is it an amend-
ment in regard to an appropriation for the en-
largement of the Library?
The SPEAKER It is.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois.. 1 am op-
posed to it and I wish to state my reasons. This
subject was before the Joint Committee on the
Library of which I was a member, and they re-
fused to recommend the appropriation. It is a
very large one of £160,000, and I do not think the
Treasury is in u situation to stand such an ex-
penditure at this time.
Mr. PRANK. The committee agreed to re-
port it.
Mr. STEVENS. The Committee of W ys
and Means have acted according to what they con-
sidered to be the action of the Joint Committee
on the Library. We have no feeling about it.
We wouid just as soon have it non-concurred in
and let it go back to the Senate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am as fa-
vorable to the Library as anybody here, and I
would be glad to have this improvement made,
yet I think we can postpone it for two or three
years, when it will not cost half as much.
_ Mr. FRANK. Mr. Speaker, the appropria-
tion reported by the Committee of Ways and
Means is necessary, because no more room ex-
ists in the Library for the continually accruing
accessions of books.
It is necessary because a large portion of the
books now belonging to Congress are unprovided
with shelf-room, and inaccessible except at great
expenditure of tune and convenience. This ap-
pliesespccidlly to the set of British Parliamentary
documents, consisting of three thousand volumes
in folio, full of invaluable information, which is
daily wanted for reference. These volumes are
ali upon the floor, because no shelves can be pro-
vided for them in the present Library.
It is necessary,in order to secure the invalua-
ble Library which foimer Congresses have built
up at great expenditures of care and money, from
another fire. The books of the Library, from
the fust purchase of Mr. Jefferson until date have
cost somewhat over four hundred thousand dol-
lars. The fire of December, 1851, destroyed all
except twenty thousand volumes of the Library.
The present Library numbers over eighty-four
thousand volumes, less than half of which (or
forty thousand volumes) are contained in the
fire-proof portion of the Library. The remain-
der are stored in dark corners and passage-ways
of the old Capitol,surrounded with wood-work,
and liable to accident, from the firing of a flue,
(which was the occasion of the former fire,) or
other cause.
It is necessary, in order to provide some space
where current newspapers and periodicals, both
American and foreign, can be filed and consulted
by members; at present there are not ten feet of
room any where for such a purpose, and the very
valuable files of political and litetary journals,
taken in the Library arc useless to Congress until
bound, when tiiey have lost their freshness,and
much of their interest.
The appropriation asked is $160,000, and the
plan of the architect accompanying the estimate
proposes to provide an increase of room equal to
nearly double the present fire-proofLibrary,which
cost $92,000. The iron work was then put up in
competition and the lowest of seven bids was ac-
cepted. The present estimate is, therefore far
from extravagant, considering the enlargement
secured, and it can be done for the amount, not-
withstanding the advanced cost of materials, as
the patterns from which the ornamental iron work
was cast are still on hand.
The piesentplan was originally designed to be
carimd out m 1852, when the Library room was
rebuilt, but the space embraced in the two wings
was then occupied by the House officers, and it
was therefore left incomplete. T wel ve years have
elapsed, and the great increase of the Library has
been such that its number of volumes is quad-
rupled, while no additional room of a permanent
character has been provided.
The Libiary has asked for no appropriation be-
yond its regular annual one forbooks since 1852,
until last session, when $4,000 was appropriated
for a marble floor in lieu ofearpcts. The Library
had got along for eleven years with but one carpet
and no renewal of furniture, exhibiting an econ-
omy of expenditute sufficiently rare, if not une-
qualed, in any department of the Government. It
is therefore, wuh some confidence ihat Congress
is now asked to provide permanently for the se-
curity of the invaluable literary stores which have
been accummulaled in the Capitol,and to protect
which from injury or destruction no amount of
care can be ill bestowed.
The constant donations from State Govern-
ments and from foteign Poweis of works illus-
Uating the history, statistics, politics, and legisla-
tion of our own country and of other parts of the
world, cannot be accommodated. These dona-
tions might be largely increased upon application,
without expen.se to the Library fund, and a vast
amount of valuable information, useful in the
practical legislation of Congress, could be ob-
taineu, catalogued, and permanently filed for the
■A
