THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY F.
& J. HIVES. WASHINGTON, D. C. ;
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session. WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 25, 1865.
Jvew Series No.'25.
try was adopted, the laws of nations, as they then
existed, were adopted along with it, and provis-
ion was made in that Constitution that we should
have authority, not to make them, but that we
should have authority to devise ways and means
by which they should be executed. For instance:
piracy is an offense by the laws of nations, but
there is no punishment imposed upon piracy in
this country unless Congress should impose it,
and therefore Congress is authorized to impose
punishment upon piracy and other crimes against
the laws of nations. But, by the Constitution,
the laws of war, as they existed at the time it
was formed,are binding and obligatory upon this
people precisely the same as the municipal laws
which we enact here in Congress arc binding
upon them.
In further answer to the question, by the laws
of nations we are bound to treat our prisoners,
and the enemy are bound to treat theirs by the
same law, as, according to the custom of nations,
the Christian and civilized people in Christendom
treat their prisoners, and we have no power and
authority in the world to declare that we shall
treat them otherwise; I mean no legitimate power
and authority. We may usui p theauthoiity to do
as the Indians do*, but that is another question.
Therefore, I say, in answer to the gentleman's
question—£ hope he will not consider me as
dodging" it this time—that we have no author-
ity under heaven, under the Constitution, under
the delegated authority given by the American
people to the honorable Senator and myseif to
stand upon this floor and represent them, by
which we have any light to change or alter the
laws of nations. They are theie, fixed, immuta-
ble.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Cannot we define piracy?
Mr. COWAN. No, sir; you cannot define
piracy.
Mr. WADE. We have done it.
Mr. COWAN. You cannotdefinepiracy,and
I doubt, although 1 do not speak fiom the book,
whether you have done it.
Mr. COLLAMER. We have said that the
slave trade shall be considered as piiaey.
Mr. COWAN. Very well, that is a matter of
description; but you cannot make that piracy
which is not pitaey.
Mi. DOOLITTLE. There is a clause in the
Constitution that Congress may define and punish
piracjr.
Mr. TRUMBCJJLL. That docs not make it
any clearer.
Mr. COWAN. Notabit. This clause which
authorizes Congress " to define and punish pira-
cies and felonies committed on the high seas, and
offenses against the law of nations," is the veiy
clause to which I lefer when I say that when the
Constitution was adopted and when it was made
the paiamount law of the kind, it made the laws
of nations also obligatory upon the country and
upon all the people.
Mr. FOSTER. That is, to punish our own
people.
Mr. DAVIS. The honorable Senator from
Pennsylvania is right.
Mr. COWAN, i hope so.
M r. DAVIS. The Congress of the United States
cannot define piracy, or make any act piracy for
other nations which is not piracy by the laws of
nations. But Congress can define piracy, or make
acts piracy for our own people by Us laws, which
are not piracy by national law; but such laws
would be only a part of the municipal law of the
United States, and would not become a pnrt of the
law of nations. The slave trade was made piiacy
by law of Congress, when entered into by the citi-
zens of the United States; and most of the civil-
ized nations have also passed laws making it
piracy against their own subjects, or citizens, to
enter into the slave trade. Di*t Spam and Brazil
refused either by their legislation, or by treaties,
to make the slave trade piracy; and consequently
the act of enteiing into the slave trade by the sub-
jects of Spain and Brazil is not piracy, and can-
not be punished as such by the courts of those,
23
or any other countries. An act which is piracy
by the laws of nations may be punished as such
by the courts of any country; but piracy defined
by the laws of any particular country can only
be punished by the courts of that country. The
law of nations is made by the consent and usages
ofall civilized nations; no single nation, nor a ma-
jority of them, nor a less numberthan the whole
can change or alter the laws of nations, or make
any act piracy which by that law is not piracy.
Mr. COWAN. I understand the force of the
objection, but as i cannot possibly pnswer&ll ob-
jections upon the instant I was obliged to defer
this; and 1 have no doubt that, perhaps, this clause
was introduced in order to avoid a principle which
pervaded the laws of nations, which has always
pervaded it, I believe, until lecently, and which
pervades it yet, except so fur as it has been al-
tered by treaty; and that was in legard to human
slavery. Human slavery by the law of nations
was not an offense; the slave trade was not an of-
fense; but in order that this Government might
be clothed with the authority to declare it an of-
fense this clause was insetted in the Constitution
by which we were given the general power to de-
fine what piracy was; that is, it was a general
power, but it was limited by the general common
sense of mankind. Wc could not declare that
piracy which did not amount to piracy, and did
not resemble it, but those things which according
to the enlightened sense of the Christian world
of this day amounted to robbery upon the high
seas mightbe piracy; whether it was the robbery
of a merchantmen, or whether it was the robbery
of a man in his canoe, in both cases they should
be made puacy.
i am aided very much by the suggestion of the
learned Senator fiom Veimont, [Mt. Collamer,]
whose opinion I should think, not only upon thus
floor, but with the nation generally, would be
conclusive upon this point, that, this clause ena-
bled us to define as to our own people, and our
own people alone, what piracy should bo, hut not
what it should be as to other people. If we de-
clined that something which we fancied was-pi-
racy, and which was not piracy by the laws of
nations before that time, should be so regarded as
to foreigner, what would itamountto? Nothing
at ail; no inoie than any other enactment of ours
at the present time adding to or amending the
laws of nations would amount to anything.
Then, sir, I think I have disposed of the ques-
tion as to the authority of the legislative depait-
ment of this Government to make articles of war,
or to prescribe the rules of our conduct toward
belligeients; and I trust that, I have at least sat-
isfied perhaps some people that we have no au-
thority to intenneddle in the premises heio con-
templated by this resolution. J f it was a resolution
recommending to the Presidentretaliation, in case
he believed th.if retaliation was necessary, 1 should
vote for it, although 1 would much pieferwome
other channel by winch to convey our sense of
his duty in that behalf; but I am not prepaied to
go so far as to make a law obligatory upon linn
based upon facts of which we are not and cannot
be sufficiently cognizant, the facts as to whether
the contingency has happened; and I am not pre-
pared either for this. Suppose wc pass this res-
olution, and we are infoimed a few days aftei by
the Piesident that the course of conduct winch
we supposed offensive and as against the laws of
nations on the part of the rebels had been aban-
doned by them, what are we to do then? Sup-
pose we pass the resolution to-day, and to-morrow
the President informs us that our law is entirely
unnecessary, because the rebels have abandoned
that course of treatment which they heretofore
pursued against our soldiers, then I would like to
know what I am to do in tins contingency. My
honorable fiiend, the Senator from Ohio, is the
chairman of the committee on the conduct cf the
war, and he comes in here in his honest, ea^er,
anient way, and says, " it is all false; they have
not abandoned it at all; we must have another
resolution and compel the Executive to retaliate."
Whatj>m I to believe under those circumstances?
Why, sir, 1 can ojily behove the same that I now
believe. Whatever mightbe the evidence before
the committee on the conduct of the (war, how-
ever much n may have impressed-the, Senator
with the necessity of action, L can only believe ill
charity that the President is not impressed witfc
the force of this evidence, or I cannot conceive
why he would not act.
Mr. WADE. If the Senator would only read
the resolution, he would be relieved from the ne-
cessity of making that part of his argument, be-
cause it authorizes the President to abandon this
system of retaliation when the rebels shall treat
our men differently.
Mr. HOWARD. I will correct him.
Mr. WADE. Very well; put him right all
around.
Mr. COWAN. X am exceedingly innocent
about walking into any pitfalls, and when it is
announced that there is danger in front, I think
it is only fair that a man should behold, what it is.
If there is any trap 
Mr. WADE. There is no trap. I only advise
you that it would have been better to read the
resolution before making your argument.
Mr. COWAN. If you suggested anything, I
Should be pleased to know what it was, so that I
might not be overwhelmed by the horse, foot, and.
artillery of the honorable Senator from Michigan,
when he comes up. However, 1 believe 1 will run
the risk, and not insist upon any further inter-
ference.
I say then, again, (I have only to repeat it once
more,) that i\s the matter now stands I cannot
believe that the President has in his possession
the evidence of this barbarous treatment, or* of its
persistent continuance, which is asserted on the
pait of the honorable Senator from Ohio, or I
think ho would have corrected it already by retali-
ation. I would be glad to know if this evidence
is in the possession of this body; if they have it,
whether they have communicated it to the Presi-
dent, whether he is cognizant of it, whether the
commander-in-chief of our armies under him is
cognizant of it, whether the several commanders
arc cognizant of it, whether they stand by with*
folded arms and see our men tortured by a slow
dt alb in this way without doing something in
order to piovent it. As I have said, I have no
disposition to quarrel with the Executive in any-
thing which he does do, provided it is consistent
with the humanity of the age. I am willing that
he shall resort to any mode of retaliation which
he deems proper, provided it be such a mode as
will notdisgiace ourown officersand soldiersin the
execution of his plan. I will notagree thatsoldiers
shall be burned in retaliation, however I might
agree thatthey might be shot by a file of infantty.
i will not agiee that they shall he scalped and mu-
tilated, however much 1 might agree to any kind
of confinement to which they might be subjected;
and I will not agree, so far as I am concerned,
that they shall be tortured to a slow death, in or-
der to achieve this retaliation; anjJ, it is particu-
laiiy the case when I come to reflect who those
soldiers are, and 1 would be understood now to be
speaking of the rebel soldier, not the rebel officer.
Who is this soldier, sir? Was he a seces-
sionist? Was he part and parcel of that great
scheme and conspiracy by which this Union was
to be dissolved, by which this fair fabric was to
be rent in twain? Not at all. He was a citizen
of the United States, owing allegiance to it, bear-
ing willing allegiance to it, I have no doubt, up
to the time of secession. Overborne by the con-
spiracy, carried av/ay by the flood-tide of events,
what was he to do? What was the soldier of
Georgia to do? What was the soldier of Ten-
nessee to do? What was the soldier of any of
these States to do when this calamity came
upon him11 Resist his State government? How
was lie to resist his State government when it
had all the reins of power in its hands, and when
it had tile insignia of government and could com-
pel his obedience? What did the Government
of the United States do in that contingency? I
speak of the commencement of these troubles,
