THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY P. & J. RIYES, WASHINGTON I). C.
Tiiirty-Eigiitii Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1865.
New Series No. 73.
of the Union nothing appears in the Journal. I
say that if we could have the very language of
the amendments, hastily framed by members upon
their desks and sent up, we would know how to
add other amendments and other provisions in
order to perfect the bill.
I propose an amendment to the amendment 
The SPEAKER. An amendment is pending
already to an amendment. The amendments of
the Senate are the original text.
Mr. SCHENCK. The amendment to the
amendment has been withdrawn. I propose to
add that they shall in no case be required to pub-
lish until after the close of the session of Con-
gress speeches handed in and not actually delivered
m the Senate or the House.
Mr. MALLORY. If the gentleman will move
that as a substitute, I will vote for it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I was about to remark 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr. MORRILL. I propose to add that the
publishers of the Congressional Globe shall not
be required to publish daily more than forty col-
umns of the proceedings of the two Houses, and
that speeches not actually delivered may be post-
poned till the end of the session.
Mr. SCHENCK. Make it shall not be pub-
lished during the session of Congress, and that
they shall not be counted in the forty columns.
Mr. MORRILL. I agree to that.
The SPEAKER, The umendment as modi-
fied, is as follows:
Jind be it further enacted, That all appropriations herein-
before made lor the Congressional Globeslwill be upon the
condition that hereafter the proceedings of Congress shall
be published m the Daily Globe on the day subsequent to
the day such proceeding-? were had, and dehveu'd to both
Houses of*Conpre^s; this to take effect at the next session
of Congress ; hut the publisher of the CongiCsMonal Globe
fchall not, however, be icquned to publish daily more than
foi ty columns of the proceeding- of the two Uoums of Con-
gress, and any speeches not actually delivered m cither
IJouse shall be postponed until the same can be puhiu-hed
without increasing the extent of the proceedings beyond
forty columns.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS. I make the point of order that
the amendment of the Committee of Ways and
Means is not in order, as it contains many tilings
not authorized by law.
The SPEAKER. It is now too late to make
that point.
Mr. BROOKS. This is an ingenious plan to
do the most business and let the people know
the least about it. It is impossible for us to know
what is going on. Here is an entire reorganiza-
tion of the internal revenue department, with a
large amount of salaries and officers. There are
private claims here of which we know nothing,
i have only to say that I am astonished at the
capacity of the Committee of Ways and Means
to comprehend the multitude of business which
is brought before them, and which they submit
to the House. Posterity will wonder and admire
also when they come to understand all these
measures which are so suddenly submitted to
their consideration, and which are so brought be-
fore the House.
I do think, to speak more solemnly upon the
subject, that the reorganization of a great bureau
of a Department within an appropriation bill, and
that too by an amendment to an amendment of
the Senate, is altogether a novel and extraordi-
nary course of proceeding.
But I will not say more. The honorable gen-
tleman who presides over the Ways and Means
Committee [Mr. Stevens] silenced this side of
the House the other night, and lest I should anger
him and he silence my side of the House, I will
submit, in common with the whole House, and
keep an obedient silence to whatever may be done.
The amendment as amended was concurred in.
The Clerk commenced the reading of the forty-
seventh amendment, but was interrupted by
Mr. STEVENS, who said: This amendment
is the deficiency bill with the exception of the
clause making an appropriation to pay the extra
compensation voted to our employes.
73
The committee recommend a non-concurrence
in it.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. I move
that the House concur.
The SPEAKER. That is involved in the vote
on the recommendation to non-concur.
Mr. MORRILL. This question has long been
before both Houses, and it is quite time, 1 think,
that it should be settled. We may as well dis-
pose of it upon this bill as upon any other. I
hope the House will now concur with the Senate.
1 think the House quite fully understands the
question, and it is not necessary to discuss it.
Mr. HOLM AN. I understand that this amend-
ment js the deficiency bill just as we passed it,
save the appropriation of $38,000 to pay extra
compensation to the employes of the House.
Now, I understand that the Committee of Ways
and Means have reported an amendment in an-
other part of this bill to an amendment of the
Senate, appropriating $40,000 for certain pur-
poses, and that amendment has already been
agreed to by the House. Now, I understand that
that $40,000 covers this very matter in dispute.
So that, if we copcur in this amendment, the
matter stands exactly as it did before.
Mr. MORRILL. The action of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means was as the gentleman
has stated. 1 did not concur with the majority
of the Committee of Ways and Means. 1 hope
the House will dispose of this matter now, and
not allow so important an interest to hang upon
so small a matter.
Mr. HOLMAN. I understand thattheappro-
priation of $40,000 has aheady been adopted.
Mr. STEVENS. This is the deficiency bill
which was referred to a committee of conference,
and the committee of conference is ready to re-
port. If the House chooses to disagree to that
report, they can do so, but that is no leason why
the bill should be put m here as an amendment.
We have refused in the House to concur in the
action of the Senate by more than two to one, 1
think. 1 will not say that we have done it a
dozen times, but certainly we have ten times and
a half. I hope the House will not give way.
The Senate profess to be about to reform the
expenditures of this House,and while upon this
subject I will look a little into this matter. Their
stationery for fifty-two Senators amounts to
$17,000, while ours, with one hundred and ninety-
two members, amounts to only §12,000. Their
expenses under that head, if upon the same scale
as that of the House, should be §3,250, but they
take §17,000.
The Senators take ninety-six copies of the
Congressional Globe each; the members of the
House twenty-four copies. And yet they would
find fault if we interfered With that as one of
their domestic institutions.
I do not want to make invidious comparisons,
and would not, had not the Senate taken the
ground they have. We pledged ourselves to our
employes, to the extent of §40,000, a year ago,
anu we have asked the Senate to allow us to pay
it, but they pertinaciously icfused, and left the
deficiency bill hanging by the ears upon that
account. When I look at the mileage account
of the two Houses, I find that my friend from
Iowa, [Mr. Wilson,] who lives between the two
Senators from his State, receives §937 mileage.
The Senators from that State charge, the one
§1,584, and the other §1,600. But we do not
complain. It is one of their domestic institutions,
and we do not interfere with it.
The Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] who
is a very careful man in all these things, (and I
do not blame him for watching so carefully, and
keeping the deficiency bill hanging up for three
months, upon the question of the payment of our
employes, when the money was wanted,) re-
ceived a mileage of §532, while the member from
that State, who lives in the same town, received
only §440.
Now, as I said before, I dislike these invidious
comparisons. One of the Senators from Kansas
received §2,161 mileage, while one member from
the same place received only §1,260—a difference
of §960.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD. I have voted steadily with
the House thus far in the matter of difference be-
tween the two Houses; but I am unwilling any
longer to keep up a contest of this sort, i have
looked into the merits of the question, and I ask
the attention of the House to it for a moment.
[ will read a section from the 326th page of the
eleventh volume of the Statutes at Large:
"That no part of the appropriations which may beat
any time made for the contingent expenses of either House
of Congress: shall bo applied to any other than tins ordi-
nary expenditures of the Senate anil House of Represent-
atives, nor as extra allowance to any clerk, messenger,
or attendant of the .said two Houses or either of ihcm,nor
as payment or compensation to any clerk, mes«; 'n«er, or
other attendant of the said two Houses or either of thcirt,
unless such cleik, messenger, or other attendant, be so
employed by a resolution of one of said Houses."
Now, this is the law in the case, and without
remembering this law, and iri direct violation of
it, we last winter, in our generosity, or, if you
please, with a proper sense of justice, voted this
extra compensation from the contingent fund of
the House.
Mr. STEVENS. Does the gentleman mean
to say that if we now make this appropriation
that will not alter the law ?
Mr. GARFIELD. I do not say that.
Mr. STEVENS. Then what do you say?
Mr. GARFIELD. I will tell the gentleman.
Last winter, while this law was upon the statute-
book, we made an agreement which, the gentle-
man says, binds us in honor to pay this extra
compensation to the employes of this House.
I was very willing to pay it, and voted to do so.
I knew that our employes had dAne well and
had deserved well of the House. But I lemem-
ber that we did not pay all the employes of the
House this extra compensation. We gave no
extra compensation to any of the officers of the
library nor to several other officials of the House.
But that is not material to the question at issue.
The Senate clairps that our approptiation of last
session was illegal. We cannot deny it, but we
insist that they shall now join us in making a
retroactive law to legalize what the House at-
tempted illegally to do. How long shall we de-
lay the necessary appropriations to carry on the
Government because the Senate will not ratify
what they believe to be an illegal act of the
House? I have observed with icgret the heat
which this subject has occasioned in this House.
When it was last up the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] said in hisplace that the
course which the Senate had pursued in relation
to tins matter was " atrocious/' I, for one, am
unwilling any longer to bo a party with the gen-
tleman in characterizing the action of the other
branch of Congress in this case as an atrocity. I
believe it is high time for us to stop this war
between the two Houses, and not to allow this
distracting question to block another important
appropriation bill, as is now proposed.
Mr. STEVENS. Does the gentleman soy that
it is illegal for us to pass this law and do this
thing?
Mr. GARFIELD. I do not say that.
Mr. STEVENS. You have just said that in
substance.
Mr. GARFIELD. I beg the gentleman's par-
don; I have not. I said that the House last win-
ter had no right to make this use of its contingent
fund, because there was a law prohibiting such
action by either House. We did make this use
of our contingent fund. The Senate disagree
with us and refuse to allow the money to be paid
under that resolution of ours, when we ask tnem
to pass a retroactive law to legalize what we did.
No doubt we can do that; but the Senate de-
clines to go back and legislate in that way, and
they are called " atrocious" for their course; in
other words, they are called " atrocious" for not
agreeing to legalize our illegal act of last winter.
I am unwilling to continue this contest longerand
keep suspended all opeiations of the Govei iimem
