1154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
that depend upon the two bills now before the
House.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, this sub-^
ject lias occupied the attention of the House here-
tofore to some extent, and I feel that 1 am hardly
doing justice to the House in calling attention to
any further suggestions on the subject. Bur, for
one, believing that it is not only the right but the
duty of this House to protect and pay its officers,
for the faithful discharge of their duties, such
sums as this House may think them entitled to,
1 will not back down from the position which this
House has heretofore assumed at the dictation of
the Senate of the United States.
The responsibility of the postponement of
measures that are important to this Government
rests, not with this House, but with the Senate,
and this House will be untrue to itself if they
shall bend to that dictation upon the mere ques-
tion as to what shall be paid to the employes of
the House, as to what is a liberal and fair com-
pensation for their services. There is no respon-
sibility resting upon the House for the delay in
the passage of important measures resting be-
tween the two Houses.
Now, sir, as i had occasion to remark once
before when discussing this question, the House
of Representatives pledged us faith to the em-
ployes of this House that for a continuance of
the faithful discharge of iheir duties they should
receive tins additional compensation. They have
been discharging those duties, it is admitted on
all hands, well and faithfully. There are reasons
why their compensation should be increased.
Those reasons address themselves to the judg-
ment of the House of Representatives, and not to
the judgment of the Senate.
This is not the first tune in the history of legis-
lation when the other branch of the national Con-
gress has undertaken to dictate to the House of
Repiesentatives what they should do on subjects
like this. It is an unwarrantable interference
with the prerogatives of this House; one to which
I hope the House of Representatives will not sub-
mit, and if the Senate, using its dictatorial power
upon the question of the payment of employes
here, shall see fit to defeat legislation, to defeat
important appropriation bills, then let the respon-
sible iy rest where it properly belongs, upon them,
not upon us. 1 therefore hope the House will
not recede from its deci?>ion on this question.
Mr. GARFIELD. 1 withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. KASSON. I renew it for the purpose of
making abuefstatementof this question, as I un-
derstand it. I was an original opponent of this
increase of pay. it is due to myself, therefore,
to say that, although I was an opponent of it, 1
regard the officers and employes of this House as
doing nearly twice the amountof work, as a gen-
eral thing, for the same amount of money, that is
done by the respective officers, clerks, and em-
ployes of the Senate. Standing in that position
originally, 1 have now to say that I take it to be
my own duty, and consequently the duty of the
House, to stand by the position they have taken.
1 think that it is our duty to say that this con-
tingent fund of the House shall be increased so
far that if it is necessary we can appropiiate the
amount icquired for the competent and adequate
payment ot the clerks and employes of tins body.
And then I think the question may come up for
the consideration of this House whether we shall
repeal the resolution passed at the last session,
which gave this increased pay. And 1 sympa-
thize eiitiiely with those gentlemen on the other
side of the House who think the time has come, in
view of the liberal disbursements of the other
branch of Congress, for us to say whether this
House is to determine or not to determine what
is adequate compensation for its employee under
the law. That we may repeal the law which
was quoted here by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Garfield,] I do not think he for a moment
can doubt; and he docs not doubt. He only
asserts that at the last session we undertook to
do what by law we were unable to do. Now,
sir, we had a right by resolution to fix the com-
pensation of our officers and employes; and then
we had the right to provide in the appropriation
bill means for paying those officersand employes.
That is done by this bili; and whether hereafter
we choose to pay them a larger or a smaller su m
is to be determined by this House by a special
resolution applicable to that subject; repealing, if
necessary, the resolution of the last session author-
izing that payment.
Mr. HOLMAN. There seems to be a misap-
prehension as to how this question stands. 1 un-
derstand the pending Senate amendment to be the
deficiency bill just as it passed this House, leav-
ing out the controverted item of §38,000. The
Committee of Ways and Means, i understand,
proposed to amend one of the Senate amendments
in this way:
And the sum of $40,000 is hereby appropriated to be added
to the contingent lund of the House of Representatives, tor
the purpose ot paying tomationery,papei&,andsueh oilier
expenses a5? the House may have dnected, or shall direct:
Prowled, Thatno part of said sum shall bonpplied as a per-
manent addition to salaries of the clerks and other em-
ployes.
The House has adopted that amendment; the
only difference between it and the other item is
that it is $40,000 instead of §38,000. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means of course intended it
to cover this very $38,000 item. If the House
should adopt the amendment of the Senate now
pending it would leave the matter standing just
where it did before. The $38,000 is appropriated
by this amendment, and the pending amendment
gives us the balancc of the deficiency bill as we
passed it.
M r. KASSON. It presents the question to the
Senate in another form. It simply increases the
contingent fund of the House to enable us to re-
deem the liabilities of the past and the future.
Mr. HOLMAN. Was not this $40,000 insert-
ed, here solely for the purpose of covering that
$38,000 item ?
Mr. KASSON. It is designed to meet that
and some other things. Unquestionably it was
designed to cover that as welt as other matters,
and 1 have argued that the House has a right to
meet the question in this way, as I have under-
stood the right.
I now withdraw my amendment and call for
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered.
The question was upon concurring in the
amendment of the Senate.
Mr. BRANDEGEE called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Speaker, will not the
effect of eoneuirence be to pass the appropria-
tions for deficiencies, without this appropriation
for the employes of the House ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that, in
his opinion, the Hou^e has already, in another
portion of this bill, added this disputed item in
an appropriation of $40,000 to cover it and some
other it^ms.
Mr. MORRILL. If we concur, it no longer
leaves the deficiency bill as a lever to carry the
other appropriation.
Mr. STEVENS. I have now in my charge
the report of a committee of conference on this
veryxieficiency bill.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—ayes 55, noes 75, not voting 52; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison. Ames, Ancona. Baily, Augus-
tus C. Baldwin, John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Bentnan,Blaine,
Brandt-gee, brooks, Biooniall, Fief-man Clarke, Cobb,
Dawes, Doming, Dnmont, English, Finek, Garfield, Hale,
Iligby, IJolman, IJotchkiss, A^ahel W. Hubbaid, John H.
Hubbard, Hulbuid, Orlando Kcllo«g, Keinan, Lazear,
Loan, Samuel F. Miller, Morrill, Daniel Morris, Amos
Myers, Notion, Pattei*on, Perhant, Pike. Pomeioy, Piiee,
Alexandei II. Rice, Eiiwaid H. Rolling Shannon, Sloan,
Spahhns.', John B. Steele,Thayer,Tiaey, Up^on, Van Val-
keuhuigh. Elilm B. Wj-hbume, William B. Washburn,
Wheeler, and Worthington—55.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Ashley, Blow, Boyd,
James S. Biown, Chaulei, Clay, Coffroth, Cole, Cox,
IJemy Winter D.ivjs, Thomas T. Davis, Dawson, Denton,
Dtisrgs, Eekley, Eden, Edgerton. Gnder,Gri wo)d, Harding,
Benjamin G. Hani?,Charles M. Harris, Ilerriek, Iltitchms,
lngfcisoll, Jenckes, Philip Johnson, William Johnson,
Kalbfieisch, Kas>on, Francis W. Kellogg, Knapp, Knox,
Law, Le Blond, Long, Longvear, Mallory. Matvin, Mc-
Bnde, MeKinney.Middleton,William II.Miller, James R.
Morn*, Moinson, Leonard Mjers, NeUon, Noble, Odell,
Chailes O'Neill, John O'Neill, Oith, Pendleton, Radford^
William n. Randall, Rogers, James S. Rollins, Ross,
Sehenek, 8rnlther>, Stevens-, Stiles, Strong, Town.-end,
Voorhees, Wadswoith. Chilton A. White, Joseph W.
i White, Williams, Wilder, Winfield, Fernando Wood,
■ Woodbtuk'e, and Yeaman—75.
j NOT VOTING—Messrs. William J. Allen, Alley, An-
il derson, Arnold. Blair, Blis^, Boutwell, William G. Brown,
[I Ambrose W. Clark, Cravens, Creswell, Dixon, Donnelly,
;{ Eidridge, Eliot, Farnsworth, Frank, Ganson, Gooch,Grin-
nell, Hall, Harrington, Hooper, Julian, Kelley, King, Lit-
tlejohn,Marcy, McAllister, McUlurg, McDowell, Melndoe,
Mom head, Perry, Pi uyn, Samuel J. Randall, John II. Rice,
Robinson,'Scofield, Scott, Smith. Starr, William G. Steele,
Smait, Sweat,Thomas, Ward, Webster, Whaley, Wilson,
Wnidom, and Benjamin Wood—52.
So the House refused to concur in the amend-
ment of the Senate.
During the roll-call,
Mr. WILSON said: Mr. Speaker, I have paired
with the gentleman from Indiana, Mr. McDow-
ell. If he were present he would vote against
concurrence, while I would vote for it.
The result was announced as above stated.
The seventy-eighth and last amendment of the
Senate was read, as follows:
Amend the Title by adding at the end thereof the words
" and additional appiopriations for the curt ent fiscal year."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the va-
rious votes on concurring in the amendments of
the Senate; and also moved that the motion to re-
consider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that a committee of
conference be appointed on the part of the House
to confer with a similar committee on the part of
the Senate, upon the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses.
The motion was agreed to.
ENROLLMENT BILL.
The House, as the regular order of business,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
678) to amend the act entitled " An act further to
regulate and provide for the enrolling and calling
out the national forces, and for other purposes,"
approved July 4,1864, and the otheracts relating
to enrollment and draft.
The SPEAKER. On Saturday an amendment
was adopted, on motion of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.] His colleague
[Mr. Johnson,] moved to reconsider the vote by
which that amendment was agreed to; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table. The pending question is upon the mo-
tion to lay on the table.
Mr.GARFIELD. 1 demand theyeasandnays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 75, nays 60, not voting 47,
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Ancona, BaiJy, Augus-
tus C. Baldwin, Dlame, Crooks, James S. Brown, Chan-
ler, Clay, Coffioth, Cox, Cravens, Dawson, Denison,
Eden, Edgerton, Eltlridge, English, Fmck, Grider, Giis-
wold, Hale, Harding, Harrington, Charles M. Harris, Iler-
riek, Holman, John II. Hubbard, Ingersolt, Philip John-
son, William Johnson, Kalbfleiseh. Francis W. Kellogg,
Kernan, Knapp, Law, Lazear, Le Blond, Loan, Long,
Marcy, MeKinney, Msddleton, William II. Miller. James
It. Morris, Moriison, Nelson,Noble, Odell, John O'Neill,
Pendleton, Perry, Pruyn, Radford, William II. Randall,
Rogers, James S. Rollins, Ross, Shannon, Spalding. John
It. Steele, Stevens, Suies, Strouse, Thayei, Townsend,
Vooihees, Wadsworth, Whaley, Wheeler, Chilton A.
White, Joseph W. White, Winfield, Fernando Wood, and
Yeaman—75.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Ashley, John D. Bald-
win, Baxter, Beainan, Blow, Boyd, Brandegoe, Broomall,
Cobb, Cole, Henry Winter Davis,Thomas, T. Davis, Dawes,
Doming, Dixon, Diiggs, Duinont, Eekley, Eliot, Frank,
Garfield, Hmby, Hooper, Ilotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Hulbtird, Kas>on, Oilando Kellogir, Knox, Longvear, Mar-
vin, McBride, McClurg, Samuel F. Miller, Mornll, Daniel
Morns, Amos Myers, Leonard IS1yei<, Norton, Chailes
O'Neill, Oith, Peiham, Pike, Pomeroj , Piiee, Edward H.
Rollins. Sehenek. Sloan, Sinitheis, Up-on, Van Valfcen-
burgh, Elihu B. Wa^hburne, William B. Wa>hburn, Wil-
liam*, Wilder, Wil?«on,and VVorthineion— 6U.
NOT VOTING—Miosis. William J. Allen, Alley, Ander-
son, Arnold, Blair, Bliss, Boutwell, William G. Brown,
Ambrose W. Clark, Freeman Clarke, On*>well, Donnelly,
F.irn-worth, G.mson, Gooch, Ginmeil, Unit, Benjamin G.
Harris, Hatching, Jenekes, Juhan, Kelley. King. Little-
john, Mallory, McAllister, McDowell, Melndoe. Mooi-
head, Patterson, Samuel J. Randall, Alexander II. Rice,
John H. Rice, Robinson, Soofield, Scott, Smith, Starr,
William G. Steele, Stuart, Sweat, Thomas, Tiacy, Ward,
Webster,Window, Benjamin Wood, and VVoodbndge—47.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the.
table.
Mr.SCHENCK. Imovetoadd the following:
Provided, The discovery of the fact of the insufficiency
of Mich Mib^timte and the wtong inflicted on tb« Govern-
ment thereby, Khali have come to the knowledge ot the
Secretaiy of War at a time sufficiently eat ly to enable lum
to give the said notice within the thirty days aforesaid.
The House divided; and there were—ayea 42,
noes 64.
