1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1155
Mr. SCHENCIC demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Stevens and
Sciienck were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 47, noes 68.
So tlie amendment was disagreed to.
EN110LLED BILL.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled House bill No. 688, making appro-
priations for the construction, preservation, and
l'epaiis of certain fortifications and other works
of defense for the year ending the 30th of June,
I860; when the Speaker signed the same.
ENROLLMENT BILL AGAIN.
The Cleric read, as follows:
Sec. 11. Andheit further enacted, That i 11 addition to
the other lawful penalties of the crime of desertion from
the lmlltaiy or naval service, all persons who have de-
serted the military or naval service of the United States,
who shall not return to said soivice or report themselves to
a provost nmrslml within sixty days after the passage of
this ael, shall he. deemed and taken to have voluntariiyre-
hnquished and forfeited their rights of citizenship, and their
lights to become citizens ; and such deserters shall be for-
ever incapable of holding any office of trust or profit under
the [Tinted States, 01 of exeiei-'iny any ol the rights of cit-
izens thereof, and all persons who shall heiealter desert
the military or naval seivice and all persons who, being
duly enioilcd, shall dcpait the jmisdiction and go beyond
the limits of the United States, with intent to avoid any
draft into the military or naval service, duly ordered,
shall tie liable to the penalties of this section. And the
PicMdent it hereby authorized and requned forthwith, on
thf passage of tins act. to issue his proclamation setting
forth the provisions ol this section.
Mr. TOWNSEND. I move to strike out that
section. In proposing to do that, Mr. Speaker, 1
am satisfied, if I understand the clause correctly,
that the provision contained in the latter part will,
in case the substitute law should ever be repealed,
have the effect to deprive fifty thousand, and I do
not know but one hundred thousand, people of
their rights and privileges. I am disposed to agree
with the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs in every measure calculated to strengthen
the armies of the Government, but 1 am opposed
to any measure which is calculated to punish ail
innocent class of peisons, such as clergymen,
refugees, aliens, and those who, to escape with
their lives and families, took an oath not to bear
arms against the confederate government.
The section in the beginning would seem to
imply that there was something unjust and un-
lawful in it. It rccitcs " in addition toall theother
Zate/u£penai/ies,"virtuallyadimtting by the phrase
that there is here something unlawful. There are
persons whose religious convictions will not per-
mit them to engage in this war. The time of peril
and danger has also passed, and I have a deep sym-
pathy with the thousands of the various classes I
have mentioned who have felt that they could not
enter into this contest without violating their
honest convictions. Mr. Speaker, I am one of
those who believe that this war should not con-
tinue one moment longer than is necessary to re-
establish the integrity of the Government and the
supremacy of the Constitution, and it does seem
as if this were a needless measure. But, sir, this
provision has a deeper meaning; it is one of the
steps toward a consolidated Government m my
opinion, a violation of republican principle. If,
in the progress of events, there should ever be a
division of sentiment upon a question ,for instance,
of a war of aggrandizement, this would be a dan-
gerous law. There is no tribunal provided in
this section to decide the question, and I, for one,
will not consent to what I consider a despotic
measure.
Mr. SCHENCIC. Mr. Speaker, I will premise
by remarking that the eleventh section, winch the
gentleman proposes to strike out, is copied pre-
cisely from the bill which has passed the Senate.
Believing it to be a wholesome measure, when
the bill had been made a special order and was
under corisideiation in the House, the Committee
on Military Affairs instiucted me, among other
amendments, to take this section from the Senate
bill which is also now pending.
The gentleman says that this is a harsh, unu-
sual provision to disfranchise those innocent per-
sons for whom he f'eels a sympathy.^ Who are
the persons described in this bill? Those who,
being in the Army, deserted from the Army. It
is a new technology which describes deserters,
men guilty of the crime of abandoning the stand-
ard of their country in time of war, to support
which they had sworn when mustered in, as in-
nocent persons.
Mr. TOWNSEND rose.
Mr. SCHENCK. I cannot yield, as I have
only five minutes.
Coming within this class of innocent persons
are those who fly from the country and go to for-
eign lands in order to avoid military duty under
the draft. The gentleman, in regard to these par-
ticularly, says, and the language 1 noticed at the
time, he avows that he is one of those who feel a
deep sympathy for those who are unwilling to
take part in this war. I am glad that the propo-
sition has been made so distinct. Honorable gen-
tlemen on one side and another will vote in such
a way that those who feel a deep sympathy with
those who are unwilling to help the Government
will vote for the amendment,and I expect thatall
those who feel a deep sympathy for deserters from
the banner of the country will vote for the amend-
ment.
The gentleman says that the committee who
drafted this bill—and itapplies to the Senate,and
not to the House committee—seemed to have been
conscious of the unlawful character of these pen-
alties for the disfranchisement of those persons.
The gentleman seems to forget the force of lan-
guage. I invite him to look again at the section,
and he will sec that this penalty is in addition to
the other lawful penalties. Here is a penalty that
is lawful, wise, proper, and that should be added
to the other lawful penalties that now existagainst
deserters.
I can but say in reply to the gentleman from
New York that, with the position which he has
taken, I am glad that the motion lias been made
to strike out this section, because we shall be en-
titled to expect a division in this House, on one
side of which shall stand with thegeritlcman from
New Yoik those who sympathize with the man
who has abandoned his country, its cause and its
flag, and on the other side of which shall stand
those who are for maintaining the country and its
flag.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the section
by striking out of the fourteenth line the wotd
" and" and inserting in lieu of it the words " of
the district in which they are enrolled oiso that
it will read, " all persons who being duly enrolled
shall depart the jurisdiction of the district in which
they are enrolled or go beyond the limits of the
United States." 1 move this amendment, Mr.
Speaker, for the purpose of providing for cases
of this kind. The President issues his call upon
the State for troops, and gives notice that if the
quotas are not filled by a particular time a draft
will take place to enforce the furnishing of the
troops called for. In my own State, and 1 pre-
sume it is so in all the States, as soon as that
notice is given many persons at once prepare to
leave, and do leave, going into theTerritoriesand
among the mountains and mines in order to avoid
the service of the country in event of their being
drafted. It is for the purpose of reaching cases
of that kind, where the persons do not go beyond
the United States, but do escape from the limits
of the district in which they are enrolled for the
sole purpose of evading the service of the coun-
try, that 1 desire to have this amendment put in
the bill, so that all men who run away from the
draft and skulk the service of theircountry shall
be deprived of the rights of which this section
proposes to deprive those who go beyond the lim-
its of the United States.
Mr. ICERNAN. I do not understand how that
is to be decided, or what tribunal is to decide it.
Mr. WILSON. I do not suppose that there is
any tribunal provided in the section for deter-
miningit; but I can suggest one way of deter-
mining it. If one of these persons should return
and should attempt to exercise the rights of a citi-
zen, and he should be prevented from theexercise
of those rights, then he can bring the question
into the civil courts for determination.
Mr. MALLORY. Will the gentleman agree
to an amendment so as to make the section apply
only to persons convicted of having done this?
Mr. WILSON. That follows, as a matter of
course, that a man shall not be deprived of his
rights until he is convicted of the offense. He
may be prevented from voting by challenge, and
then he has the right to go to the courfs tp have
the question decided.
Mr. MALLORY. Many a man is punished
now, and convicted afterward.
Mr. WILSON. This will place him exactly
in the same condition as to the right of suffrage
as an alien, a person of foreigh birth, presenting
a vote. His vote may be challenged on the ground
that he is not naturalized, and the judges of elec-
tion may refuse his vote. He then has his rem-
edy against the judges of election; so would aman
under this section.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE PRESIDENT,
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Private Secretary,
announced that he had approved and signed
bills and joint resolutions of the following titles,
namely:
An act (H. R. No. 184) to create the eastern
judicial district of the State of New York;
An act (H. R. No. 314) for the relief of Har-
riet and Emily W. Morris, unmarried sisters of
the late Commodore Henry W. Morris;
An act (H. R. No. 364) authorizing and requir-
ing the opening of Sixth street west;
An act (H. 11. No. 389) for the relief of Mary
Shircliff;
An act (H. R. No. 543) to increase the effi-
ciency of the medical corps of the Army;
An act (H. R. No. 664) for changing the time
for holding the circuit court in the district of Vir-
ginia;
An act (H. R. No. 692) in reference to prose-
cutions for libel in the Districtof Columbia;
An act (H. R.No. 640) providing for a district
and a circuit court of the United States for the
district of Nevada, and for other purposes;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 171) in the matter
of Sergeant Daniel Collett, jr., deceased; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 173) directing the
Secretary of the Treasury to issue American re-
gisters to the British schooners Minnie Williams
and E. M. Baxter.
ENROLLMENT BILL AGAIN.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to ask the gentleman from Iowa whether he will
consent to an amendment inserting after the word
" section',' in the seventy-seventh line, the words
" upon conviction before a court of competent
jurisdiction."
Mr. WILSON. I should not vote for it; but
it is with the House to determine. I cannot, cer-
tainly, accept it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. Then I
will offer the amendment if it is in order.
The SPEAKER. The amendment would not
be germane to the amendment of the gentleman
from Iowa.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I will offer
it when it is in order.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I will oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Iowa. I am opposed
to this entile section. I have risen for the pur-
pose of entering my protest against the inference
which the gentleman from Ohio, the chaitman of
the Military Committee, [Mr. Schenck,] seeks
to draw from the vote upon the motion to strike
out; and I propose to give the reasons why I
shall vote to strike out the section. The gentle-
man from Ohio is a lawyer, and yet he has in-
corporated into this section a provision retroactive
in its operation. He proposes to inflict a pun-
ishment upon deserters from the Army who have
deserted before the passage of this law. Now,
former conscription bills and laws have provided
punishment for those who desert from the Army.
And as the gentleman is a lawyer, 1 would ask
him if he believes he has power to create a new
penalty and apply it to those who have violated
the law as it has existed heretofore. Because
gentlemen do not believe that there is a power
here to pass a retroactive law, and inflict a pun-
ishment unknown to the man at the time the of-
fense was committed; because we see fit to stand
by the law as it is, and insist thatonly such pun-
ishment shall be inflicted as was authorized at
the time of the offense committed, is the gentle-
man from Ohio justified in setting us down as
opposed to the raising of men for the prosecution
of this war, and as opposed to the Government?
Sir, it is unjust, and a moment's reflection will
satisfy the gentleman from Ohio that lie ought
riot thus upon this occasion to be flinging this
opinion of his into the facesof the members upon
V
