1885.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
inteiost in the country. Every neighborhood has j
its representative in the southern prisons, and
whatever is said in the Senate is listened to in
every neighborhood with extreme interest. But,
sir, whatever may he tiie passion of this houi, I
feci that the right will justify a man in the tuturo.
Dining the tunes of the French Revolution the
orators in the Convention who were inspired by
the fronzy'of passion, and called for blood, blood,
blood, were the gods of the hour, and were borne
upon the shouts of the mob in the streets, and the
applauses in the club-houses, but history hnsas-
sigr.ed them their right place; and I am not afraid
even upon this question to say what I believe is
right. I do not believe that my honor as a man,
or the honor of my country, is to be promoted by
adopting a measure which has been so forcibly
desenhed by the Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Sumner] tins morning as barbarous and
cruel.
The Senatorfrom Ohio [Mr. WadeJ yesterday,
in reply to a remark of mino, said that war was
against Christianity, and that the usages of na-
tions engaged in war had not been influenced by
the sentiments of our religion. I do not agree
with him. Does the Senator say that the usages
or this day, and the benign influences of Christi-
anity among nations at war, are such as prevailed
in the mon; baibarous and the darker ages of the
world's history? Why is it that no longer any
civilized nation dare to strike its foe with a poisoned
arrow? Why isit that an invading army dare no
longer to poison the springs and the wells in an
enemy's country? Because the influences of
Christianity and the civilization of the century
forbid it. Mark where Christianity extends upon
the earth's surface, and see the difference. Where
ever Christianity now controls the judgment of the
world, we have a civilization to some extent even
amid the horrors uf war; but go beyond that; go
into China, where our Chribtian religion is not
regarded, they flay the captive alive to-day, go
into Tnrtnry, and into all the nations where any
system of religion except our own controls the
judgment of the country, and you find yetbai-
bariues that marked wais in the earlier ages of
the world's history.
But, sir, I am not going to discuss the question
whether war is right or wrong, or whether it is
accoiding to Chusuanity. We have a war, and
as civilized men it is our duty to mitigate the
cruoltiuM and sufferings attendant upon war to the
greatest extent m our power, not to add to them,
not to btingour fair fame and good name as a
civilized and Christian people down, but rather to
hold it up.
I have advocated an exchange of prisoners, and
I am glad to hear the chairman of the Military
Committee urge that as a possibleand practicable
^riode of relieving the country of its present anxi-
ety in respect to our piisoneis. The Senator fiom
Ohio concurred 111 the views that I expressed on
that point, in very strong language. He said that
if the War Depat tmerit couid have exchanged our
prisoners, it was the duty of that Department to
nave done so; and if they had neglected to doso,
they ought to be severely censured. Perhaps
these are not the words used by the Senator, but
this is the sentiment.
Air. JOHNSON. " Culpable " was the word.
Mr. HENDRICKS. ts Culpable," I believe,
was the term he used, a stronger woid than 1 em-
ployed. He said that the Administration was
culpable if it was m its power for these months
past to have brought our brothers and friends
home again and it refused to do so. But the Sen-
ator from Iowa [Mr. Harlan]—and even with
the high lespect I entertain for that Senator, 1
am glad that no other Senator lias adopted his
sentiments on this subject—has said to .the Sen-
ate, in the course of this debate, that it was right !
for the Administration thus for months to have ^
refused to exchange prisoners when it might have
been done. Why so? For the reason that we
can better afford to leave men in prison than they;
that we have more men; that wo may bring ad-
ditional hundreds of thousands into the field and
not feel the burden very much, because our pop-
ulation is so large, while the South is exhausted
in its fighting force. That is the argument of the
Senator.
Mr. HARLAN. Is the Senator professing to
quote from mf remarks?
Mr. HENDRICKS. No, sir; I am not. I
am attempting to give ihe argument of the Sena-
tor. If he piefers that I should read his word's; of
course I can do so. His aigument went further.
He said that we were now fighting the enemy
within works; and that one man to the enemy
was worth three or four to us. I think I give
the argument of the Senator correctly. The whole
of it amounts to just this: that we can afford, in
a military point of view, to leave oursoldiers suf-
fering in southern prisons, dying under the influ-
ence of a southern climate, and under southern
diseases, as well as (if I may admit the fact) by
starvation; that we can afford to do this, and
make in a military point of view, and therefore
we will do it.
Again, the Senator said that the term of service
of tiie greater portion of these prisoners of ours
in southern prisons has now expired, and that
if we bung them homeuguiw, we simply lose that
number of men, and send to the South men wiio
are yet bound to do military service to the south-
ern government, and therefore they would make
in the swap. These considerations I could un-
derstand in the exchaijjje of property between
man and man, but when the appeal comes to us
in the name of humanity on behalf of our suffer-
ing fliends in the South, I cannot appreciate the
sentinientof the Senator from Iowa. We are not
bound to exchange prisoners. We are not bound
by the laws and usagesofwarto parole prisonous,
Jt is not a question between us and the belliger-
ents opposed to us whether we shall exchange
prisoners. The South as a belligerent cannot de-
mand it of us as a right. The question is between
the Government of the United States and its sol-
diers; and now what is the law upon that subject?
i quote from Halleck's International Law:
" 13nt while no State is obliged, bv the positive rules of in-
ternational law, to enter into <i oaiu i l'oi tiie exchange of
pi which ol war. I here i-, a strong moral dim imposed upon
the Govern men t ofev< ly Slate to provide loi ttie release of
such ol it< cmzeio and mire* a-* have (alien into l!ie hands
ol the enemy. They haw fallen into this mrsfojtnne only
by-acting in its service and in the support of its cause.
'This,* says VaUef^'is a i\irewhteh the State owes to
thoMi who have expo-ed themselves m hci defense."'—
llallcck's International Lau\ page 43-J.
Tiie question is between us and the men who
have fought for the Government and who have
fallen into this misfortune because they were en-
gaged in the public service; and the Senator from
Iowa says we shall not consider this obligation
which wc owe to the soldier who has fallen into
this misfortune, because we can make a military
profit by leaving him to die in a southern prison.
1 am glad that sentiment has found no response
from any other Senator in this body.
Rut 1 wish to ear iv this thought a littlf? further.
The Senator fiom iowa says that the teim has
expired. Is that an argument why we shall leave
them in southern prisons? it is the conclusion
of the Senator; but to my understanding it is an
argument why wcshould bring them home. Their
term has expired, the Senator says. Then what
is their right? it is not a question any longer of
moral obligation; but what is their right in law?
Under the law, they said they would serve for
two or three ye.us, and that teim lias expired. If
they were in the lanks, they would be discharged
to-day. They are m southern prisons, the mis-
fortune of war. What is then right? Their right
is to say to us " Our teim has expired and we de-
mand to be brought home." I say, then, the ar-
gument is strengthened. If these friends of ours
in southern prisons no longer owe military duty
to the Government, and the Administration has
it in its power to biingthem home, these soldiers
have the right to be brought home, and in their
name I demand that these exchanges be made.
Mr. President, I wish to call a little more fully
the attention of the Senate to the proposition be-
fore the body. It was done so fully and with sueh
great power by the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Sumner,] that 1 find it necessary to add but
a very few wot Us to what he has satd. What is
here proposed? Tiie resolution declares that in
the opinion of Congress " such retaliation ought
to be inflicted upon the insurgent officers now in
our hands, or hereafter to fall into our hands, as
prisoners; that such officers ought to be subjecteed :
to like treatment practiced toward our officers or
soldiers in the hands of the insurgents, in respect
to quantity and quality of food, clothing, fuel,
medicine, medical attendance, personal exposure,
or other mode of dealing with them."
It is a very general resolution. My colleague
I think is under the impression that it does not
include the soldiers as well as the officers whorh
we hold as prisoners. I wish to call his att&nr
tion, then, to the residue of the resolution:
That with a view to the same ends, tht^ insurgents,
prisoners in our hands, ought to be placed under tlle'cori1-
troi and in the keeping of officers and men who have them-
selves been prisoners m the hands of the insurgents, and
have thus acquired a knowledge of their mode of treating
Union prisoners; that explicit instructions ought to he given
to the forces having the charge of such insurgent prisoners,
requiring them to carry out strictly Rod protoptiy the prin-
ciples of this resolution in every case. ' -
I am sorry that the committee reporting this
resolution has dignified a policy such as this with
the term 41 principle"—a principle to starve men
to death! But I wish my colleague to observe
the language of the resolution. It applies not
alone to officers who may have been in fault in
some time past, but it applies to the conscript of
the South, \0ho has fallen under a misfortune
oven heavier than our own soldiers; the conscript
who against his will has been compelled to go into
the southern army, and has been taken prisoner
and brought up here; constrained to serve against
his will, against his wish, against the sentiments
of his heart toward this Government; and now
we propose to starve him to death !
That we shall treat them as they have treated
our prisoners is claimed to be the right. How
does the Senator from Michigan in the preamble
say our soldiers have been treated by the south-
ern officers and army? Let us see. We are t,o
do to them as they have done to us, for that is
the language of the resolution; " or other mode
of dealing willi them," is the general phraso. I
will read the whole preamble:
Whereas it has come to the knowledge of Congress that
great numbers ol our soldier.*, who have fallen a* prisoners
ol war into the hands of the insurgents, have been sub-
jected to treatment unexampled for cruelty in the history
of civilized war, and finding its parallels only in the con-
duct fit' savage tubes—
Now,I ask the attention ofSenators to the fol-
lowing—
a treatment resulting in the death of multitudes by the
slow but designed process of starvation,and by mortal dis-
eases occasioned by insufficient and unhealthy food, by
wanton exposure of their persons to the inclemency of the
weather, and by deliberate assassination of innocent and
unoffending men, and the murder in cold Wood of prison-
ers alter surrender.
This is the charge which the Senator from
Michigan, in the preamble, brings against the
southern officers and soldiers in their conduct
toward our soldiers and officeis. He says, then,
in the resolution, that we must do likewise. Do
what? Assassinate a captive after he has sur-
rendered? After lie has laid down his arms at
your feet, assassinate him in cold blood ? That
is one of the charges brought in the preamble;
and we must do likewise, must wc? peliberate
assassination! Not only that, but we must ex-
pose them to the inclemency of the weather! Not
only that, but we must give them unhealthy food,
that disease may come upon them and they may
die of horrible disease! Not only that, but wo
shall deny to them food, that they may die by star-
vation !
Is it possible that, according to the usages of
civilized nations in this century, we may retaliate
in kind when these charges are brought against
the insurgents, that we in like manner shall treat
their prisoners*in our hands? I deny the right.
I am not sure but that the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] in his exhaustive argu-
ment on this subject, quoted the authority to
which I am now going to refer. When he was
reading from Haileck my attention was called
away, and it is very likely that he read the very
section to which I now wish to call the attention
ot the Senate:
" There is, however, a limit to thh rule of reciprocity. If
the enemy retirees to shapu his conduct by the milder usages
ot war, and adopts the extreme and rigorous principles of
fomier ages, we may do the -same ; but if he cxeeed these
extreme right>, and becomes barbarous and cruel in iris
conduct, we cannot, a<« a general ibing, follow and re'ort
upon his subjects, by treating them in like manner. We
cannot go beyond the limits pi escribed by international law
to the rights ot belligerents. Thus, the conduct of Great
Britain toward Denmark in 1807, m condemning Danish
vessels as droits of admiralty, thereby exercrsingaR extreihe
light of war, justified Denmaik in resorting to the corre-
>pondmg extreme right of sequestrating British debts duo
from Danivh subject*. So. also, the sequestrating of Eng-
lish debts by Fi.nice, in 1793, justified England in letal-
iattng by a countervailing measure. Asrain, tire aerzure
and condemnation of French vessel-, by Great Britain, in
18U3, was an exercise of an ancientand severe rule ol war,
for which Napoleon retaliated by uie exercise of another
