1156
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
this side of the House. I have sat here patiently
 .nd listened to this kind of talk day after day,
and I desire now, once for all, to enter my pro-
test against its repetition.
While 1 may not have doneasmuch to support
the Government as the gentleman from Ohio, I
have done what, in my judgment, I could do, to
assist the arm of my Government in this terrible
conflict. From the time the first call was made I
have lent my feeble aid in raising troops, and I
have steadily Yoted for appropriations to enable
the Government to carry on the war, though dif-
fering with it as to the policy of its prosecution.
And, sir, I have had some evidence from those
high in authority of their confidence in my loy-
alty. At one time I had the offer of a very high
position in the Army for so humble an individual
as myself. But 1 had no military education and
no military experience, and I did not feel at lib-
erty to take the control of the lives and interests
of soldiers in the field. My friend from Ohio
[Mr. Sciiexck] had the tender of a high position
and he took it. That is the difference between
him and -myself. And I insist we are not to be
held as enemies to the Government because we
refuse to sustain a provision which he has inserted
in this clause, punishing a man differenily from
what he could be punished by law when the of-
fense is committed.
Mr. CHANLEIl. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last word. My object
j!i rising is to draw the attention of the House,
for the foui th time under this bill, to the pi o vis ion
that all who shall not return to said service, or
report themselves to a provost marshal within
sixty days after the passage of this act, shall be
deemed and taken to have voluntarily relinquished
and forfeited their rights of citizenship and their
rights to become citizens; and that such deserters
shall be forever incapable of holding any office of
trust or profit under the United States, or of
exeicising any of the rights of citizens thereof.
While I am willing to unite with the chan man of
the Military Committee in punishing deserters
and in enrolling into the Army of the United
States all competent and true men, I certainly
deem it a legitimate question of debate—without
rendering ourselves liable to the charge of dis-
loyalty—as to the propriety or impi opnety of the
provision of this section which makes it the law
that by a non-observance of the obligations to
which I 'nave referred a citizen shall be held to for-
feitall his rights under the law as a citizen. This
bill and the debate under it have brought into
issue the question of the loyalty of members upon
this floor. It has given rise to a serious question
in the mind of every man who has taken his oath
to maintain the Constitution, and all these ques-
tions center upon the personal responsibility of
each member; and it does not become one on
either side of the House to charge another with
dereliction of duty for conscientiously, debating
this bill.
.Now, sir, the Democratic party stands here to-
day, Cassandia-like, raising its unavailing, sad
voice against the introduction of this bill, con-
taining within its fatal ribs the armed enemies of
this Government, and its existence as a republic
and a free Government upon this continent.
Gentlemen upon the other side of the House
have lisen in their places and represented to the
Committee on Military Affairs that this bill is
dangerous to the safety of the State. We charge
that with this section, and the lines just read
prove it, this bill tends to violate the most sacred
rights of every citizen throughout the country.
But, sir, there are other points in this connec-
tion. What is the necessity for this stringent
measure? Until the chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs shall have advanced to an ar-
gument more cogent than that of limiting debate
to prove that this i3 a good measure, he, of all
men, has the least right to i ise here and denounce
those who debate the measure. Why has not
the Secretary of War reported, as his duty was,
to this House with regard to the condition of the
armies in the field ? We are in the dark with re-
gard to the whole matter of the conduct of this
war. Why has not the committee on the con-
duct of the war repor'ed to the House, and laid
before us the necessity for this measure?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 think this matter is suf-
ficiently well understood, and I propose to move
to stop debate upon this section. Before I do so,
however, I must insist upon setting gentlemen
right in regard to one particular juauer, for I do
not mean to be misapprehended. 1 have made no
general charge of disloyalty that should call gen- I
tlemen to their feet. |
The gentleman' from New Yoik [Mr. Town- i
send] moved to strike out the section, and as- j
signed as a reason that it would punish a hundred j
thousand mnocentpersons. There are two classes j
of persons to be punished, deserters and those ;
who have gone out of the United States to avoid 1
the draft. Following up that idea, he explained
what he meant by saying that he, for his part, was
willing to admit that he felt deep sympathy with
those, so numerous, who had gone out ot the
country to avoid having to take part in this war.
I remarked, upon the reason thus assigned for
sti iking out the section, that I hoped, on the issue
thus made, weshould find those who sympathize
with deserters and those who have abandoned
their country for the purpose of avoiding its ser-
vice upon the one side, and thosp who have no
such sympathy upon the other. That is all that
1 said upon that subject.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. J. C. Al-
len] misapprehends this section from not having
looked carefully, as I think, into its language. He
thinks it retroactive. It is not so. It does not
provide for punishing those who have deserted
in their chaiacter of deserteis acquired by having
ffone before the passage of the law, but of those
only, who, being deserters, shall notretmri and
report themselves for duty within sixty days. If
the gentleman looks at the language of the sec-
tion, he will find that we have carefully avoided
making it retroactive. We give those who have
deserted their country and their flag sixty days
for repentance and return.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN, Will not the infliction of
this penalty on those who have failed to return
to the Army be an additional penalty that did not
exist at the time they deserted?
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. Does not that make the
law retroactive?
Mr. SCHENCK. They are deserters now.
We take them up in their present status and
character as deserters, and punish them for con-
tinuing in that character. The gentleman refers
to lawyers here. I believe he is a good lawyer
himself. Does he not know that if a man steals
a horse and uins away with it to the next county
it is a continual act of kuceny until he delivers
up the horse?
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. Suppose the soldier, be-
ing a deserter, has been arrested, and is serving
out his time m imprisonment, and cannot get
back to report himself, would the gentleman still
inflict this penalty upon him?
Mr. SCHENCK. The character of the de-
serter ceases when he is arrested and brought
back and is undergoing punishment; he is then
a soldier returned to his place; and though that
place may be one of punishment, he is borne on
the rolls as a man present, and not as a deserter.
That is my reply to the gentleman, and I move
now to close debate upon this section.
Mr. NELSON. Will the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schenck] withdraw his motion, to allow
me to ofiVr an amendment to this section?
Mr. SCHENCK. I am asked by others to
allow them to offer amendments. If I yield to
one I must to all. I will not have time to get
through this bili to-day, and the loan bill is to
come up to-night, if 1 allow this section to be
kept open for amendment. I must insist upon
my motion to close debate upon this section and
pending amendments.
The House divided on the motion to close de-
bate, and there were—ayes 50, noes 51.
So the motion to close debate was not agreed to.
Mr. CHANLER. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. TOWNSEND. I renew the amendment.
Mr. Speaker, I took occasion a few moments ago
to move that this entire he stricken out,
and I proceeded to give my reasons for that mo-
*:on. The gentleman fiom Ohio [Mr.Schenck]
certainly could not have heard me, fori took par-
ticular pains to say that I was disposed to assist
the Military Committee, and that I hod assisted
them in all measures calculated to sustain our
Army.
I went still further, and called attention to the
portion of this section which I thought bore very
lieavilyupon an innocent ciassof persons. That
poiUon of the section is as follows:
And ail persons who, being duly enrolled, shall depart
the jurisdiction ami go Ixivond the hunts; of the United
Stare?!, with intent to avoid any dratt into the military or
naval scrvice, duly ordered, shall be liable to the penalties
ol this section.
Now, sir, I do not intend to be put in a false
position by the sophistry of the gentleman from
Ohio. That was the portion of the section to
which L alluded when 1 made my remarks. But
the gentleman has chosen to dispute my loyalty,
and to class me as sympathizing with deserters.
Now, I do not go to Ohio, much less to the chair-
man of the Military Committee, [Mr. Schenck,]
for a standard of loyalty to my Government. J
am here as a Representative, and while I occupy
that position I shall assert my views upon the
questions before this House uninfluenced by any
consideration from such a source.
Mr. SCHENCK. I only quoted the gentle-
man's own language.
Mr. TOWNSEND. On Saturday last the gen-
tleman brought in an amendment more odious,
if possible, than this. He met several members
in aigument, and left the House somewhat dis-
comfited by his colleague on the committee, [Mr.
Odell,] and now he comes here and throws out
the bile and smothered mortification which were
accumulating when he left the House. Sir, I
consider the temarks of the gentleman as not only
an imputation on my position as a loyal citizen
of the United States, but as an infamous accusa-
tion against the party to which I have the honor
to belong.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
Yoik [Mr. Townsend] is out of older.
Mr. SCHENCK. Let him go on.
Mr. TOWNSEND. I took particular pains
to refer to the class of persons who come under
4-he clause leqninng them to report themselves
within sixty days or they would be considered to
have relinquished and forfeited their rights of citi-
zenship. No w, there are many traveleis abioad
who may have a wife or child at the point of
death; yet if they do not report within sixty days
they are to be disfranchised and forever prohib-
ited from exercising any of the rights of citizen-
ship. Such, Mr. Speaker, was the substance
of my remaiks. The attempt, therefore, of the
gentleman to classify me as aiding or sympathiz-
ing with deserters, or at any rate as infei ior in loy-
alty to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,]
1 treat with contempt and hurl back with scorn.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 have no reply to make
to the gentleman from New York [Mr. Town-
send] but his own words which I took down at
the time. He asserted as a reason for striking
out this section, and for not wanting these " one
hundied thousand innocent people" punished,
that for his part he 44 felt a deep sympathy with
those who left the country because they were
unwilling to take a part in this war."
Mr. TOWNSEND. I deny saying any such
thing.
Mr. SCHENCK. The reporters* notes will
show whether I was right or wrong. That is the
way I understood it, that it the way I took it
down. Now, I have said nothing about disloyalty.
But if the entertaining such sentiments as I say
that gentleman expressed constitutes him a dis-
loyal man, then he is disloyal. That is my
opinion. His language and mine will go before
the world for what it is worth. What I mean by
his disloyalty is that it is such sympathy with
disloyalty as shows that he probably entertains
the same sentiments which would lead him to
desert his country and flag in the time of trial.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is that in order?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman uses the word
" if;" the Chair does not understand him to make
the direct assertion.
Mr. MALLORY. He speaks in a Pickwickian
se nse.
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir; in no Pickwickian
sense.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Ohio
applied that language to the gentleman from New
York, he is out of order under the rules.
Mr. SCHENCK. What language?
The SPEAKER. The language stated by the
gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldridge.]
Mr, SCHENCK. 1 say that if that was the
