890
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
and still more extreme right, also contrary to the .milder
rates of modern uf-age, by seizing all English travelers in
French territory."
I ask the attention of Senators to this qualifi-
cation of tlie rule:
"But suppose an enemy should massacre all prisoners
of war, this would not afford a sufficient justification for
the opposing belligerent to do the same. Suppose our en-
emy should use poisoned weapons, or poison springs and
food, the rule of reciprocity would not justify us in resort-
ing to the same.meana of retaliation. A savage enemy
might kill alike old men, women,and children, but no civ-
ilized Power would resort to similar measures of cruelty
. and barbarism under tiie plea that they were justified by
the law of retahaiLon."—HallccWsInternational Law* page
445.
If there is any authority directly against the
Senator from Michigan in supporting this prop-
osition, it is the authority of the President's chief
of staff to-day. It is not enough for the Senator
to read a pamphlet here that can *have no effect
upon the judgment of the country except to ex-
cite and increase passions which ought to be qui-
eted rather than stimulated. He must show the
Senate of the United States, I take it, that accord-
ing to the laws of nations as between belligerents
we have a right to do this, certainly a terrible
thing, that he proposes. It is well enough, per-
haps, to read the pamphlet if he wishes to have
a political effect upon the country; but to inform
the judgment of the Senate as to our rights as a
belligerent in a great war, I take it that a pam-
phlet which does not come authenticated to this
body is not very high authority.
Mr. HOWARD. The honorable Senator from
Indiana will allow me to ask him one single ques-
tion?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask the Senator whether
he is in favor of any retaliation with a viesv to
compel the rebels to trtiat our prisoners with more
kimlncss and humanity?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am in favor of carrying
on this war upon our part as a civilized and Chris-
tian people. I am in favor of compelling the
southern people to carry on the war upon then-
part as a Christian and civilized people, and if they
refuse to do it, I am in favor of retaliating for the
protection of our people and soldiciN just no far
as the usages of civilized nations will justify, an^
just so far, as a civilized and Christian people, we
ought to go, and no further.
Now, sir, the only authority that I have read
condemns what the Senator proposes. He has
not given us a citation of a single authority of
force and respectability in this body justifying
the high measure which he pioposes. T expected
to hear it. lie is the champion of the measute;
he reports it to the body; but instead of refetnng
to accredited authority upon the subject, he grat-
ifies the Senate by reading from a pamphlet con-
taining a report of a committee appointed by the
Sanitai y Commission who go down and say they
take testimony. 1 have much testimony within
my own knowledge upon this subject. I believe
there is much exaggeration upon it, as I get the
facts from men who were m the very prison that
the Senator read about. I dare say most Senators
' recollect the case of Captain Flinn, an officer in
Libby prison, a captain from the town in which
I live; a captain who had commanded in battle
as a brave and gallant man. Hd was selected by
lot to be shot in retaliation for two southern offi-
cers that were shot out in Kentucky under the
command of General Bumside. I took a great
deal of interest in his case. lie was my personal
friend. He wrote to me that he though tan exchange
could be secured. I saw the Presidentat once, and
the President, a kind-hearted man, made the order
on the pail of this Government, and Captain
Flinn wasexchanged, and when he retui ned to his
neighbors he told them that the pi isoners were as
well provided as the men who guarded them. I
take his word on that subject while he was there
as equal to the word of any man. It may have
been worse afterward, but I do not know how
the fact was.
Mr. HOWARD. Do I understand the Sena-
tor from Indiana to assert upon this floor that the
Union prisoneis in the hands of the rebels were
as well provided for as the rebel soldiers or as the
rebel prisoners in the hands of thg Unionists?
Will he assert that piincipie upon this floor?
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 do not understand that
that is a principle; it is a question of fact.
Mr. HOWARD. Well, the fact.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator asks whether
he understands that I have said that our own pris-
oners were treated as well as their guards. I did
not say so. He has read testimony here taken
by a commission in respect to Libby piison. I
have given the statement of an honest man who
was a prisoner there for months, a part of the
time in a dungeon, selected by lot to be shot.
When he came home he made this statement to
his neighbors. I have no doubt that there have
been ciuelties inflicted on the Union prisoners in
southern prisons, and that is one reason why I
want them brought home; but 1 do not believe
that it has gone to the extent reported in the coun-
try. I do not believe, upon the information I
have on the subject, that it is at all to the extent
stated in the pamphlet from which the Senator
read to-day.
•Mr. BROWN. Will the Senator permit me
to ask why, if that is the case, does he object so
strenuously to their prisoners being put in exactly
the same position ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. There is no force in the
Senator's question; thex9 is ingenuity in it. I say
so with entire respect. The committee, in the
preamble to this resolution, have undertaken to
say precisely what has been the treatment of our
prisoners, and the resolution declares that corre-
sponding treatment shall be inflicted upon rebel
prisoners in our hands. The committee has un-
dertaken in this preamble to foreclose any inquiry
ori the pait of the President; the committee has
not left the President to judge how our prisoners
have been treated; but the committee says to the
President, in this resolution, "Sir, our prison-
ers have been starved, our prisoners when they
have laid down their arms have been assassin-
ated in cold blood; our prisoners in southern
prisons have iiad diseases brought upon them
by being allowed only unwholesome food; and,
sir, we, the Senate of tho United States, expect
you, Mr. Piesident, to administer unwholesome
food, that disease may crawl ihto the system of
rebel prisoners m the North. We, the Senate of
the United States, expect you, Mr. President,to
see that when the southerner lays down hisarms
and acknowledges himself a captive, he shall be
•assassinated in cold blood. The Senate of the
United States expect you, Mr. President, because
we have recitcd the fact of similar treatment in the
South, to so restrict the food that shall bo given to
rebel prisoners in our hands, that they shall die
minute after minute, hour after hour, day after
day, mouth after month," in the language of the
Senato%from Michigan. So the question of the
Senator from Missouri is answered by the com-
mittee. If the Senator from Missouri thinks it
right to do this thing, to do a thing unheard of
for hundreds of years, to do a thing that has not
dai kened the page of the history of our race since
the days of the Edwards, to do a thing that is not
done this side of western Asia, I am not pre-
pared to go that length. I say the country is not
prepaied for it; Senators have mistaken the desire
of the people at home.
The Senator from Michigan particularly shows
deep feeling upon the subject. He shows it here.
This debate goes out and he becomes the cham-
pion of the cause of our prisoners in the South,
becomes the particular favorite of their friends at
home, \ suppose. That makes him strength; I
am glad of it, hut I wish to ask the Senator this:
what does that Union prisoner down at Ander-
sonville, who wrote him that letter saying that
there were thirty-five thousand prisoners there,
and that if they were not soon released two thirds
of them would die, ask ? Does that brave man in
Andersonville ask the Senator from Michigan to
go to poisoning or starving brave men m our
hands? No, sir; that constituent of the Senator
asks him to procure his exchange that he may
come up into the North, into a climate to which
he is accustomed, and where his health may re-
turn again.
Mr. HOWARD rose.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Before the Senator inter-
rupts me I want to ask another question now.
Inasmuch as the Senator from Michigan has
shown such great zeal on this question, 1 want to
know fiom him, as he is highly connected with
the military movements—his position on the Mil-
itary Committee makes him so—what steps he
has taken in his official capacity to secure an ex-
change of prisoners.
Mr. HOWARD. If there has been any law
enacted by Congress upon that subject I have
probably voted for it, and the Senator from Indi-
ana is as capable as myself of ascertaining what
my action has been on that subject. The ques-
tion is therefore supererogatory. I am not the
Executive of the United States, and have no au-
thority to act for him; and I suppose the Senator,
in speaking of my "official capacity," does not
wish to ascribe to me as a Senator from Michigan
what pertains to the Executive.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I had hoped that the
Senator from Michigan who leported this reso-
lution, or the Senator from Ohio at the head of
the committee on the conduct of the war, could
tell us why our friends had not been brought home.
The Senator from Ohio says there are some rea-
sons; he hears of some reasons, but he does not
know what they are. I had hoped that with his
strong will and with his earnest nature, and with
the passion of the Senator from Michigan, an ad-
dress and a demand should have been made on
the Department at the other end of the avenue
which would have brought our brothers home.
The Senator from Michigan says that his con-
stituent in the prison of Andersonville now fills
a southern grave. Of course we are all ready to
drop a tear upon it.
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir, and he Alls it in
consequence of the deliberate starvation and cru-
elty of the rebel keepers toward him and his
companions in arms, as the Senator knows well.
That constituent of mine predicted that unless
they were relieved, there would be two thirds of
that thirty-five thousand dead in a short time.
How they were to die the Senator from Indiana
knows as well as I; that he expected to perish
under this savage ticatment of the rebels, as he
has done.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think we all under-
stand that particular view which the Senator took
of the subject. The point is this 
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator will give way,
I will move an adjournment.
Mr. IIENDRI'CKS. I shall not occupy much
moie of the time of the Senate, and I would rather
conclude now,unless Senators are restless.
Mr. SUMNER. There are several Senators
who wish to speak.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I would ratherfinish what
I have to say. I do not want this to he under-
stood as anything like a speech. I wish to make
a few remarks on the subject, and I shall not oc-
cupy much time, if the Senate will excuse me.
The point is this: it has been in the power of
the Administration to secure an exchange, and I
say that is the protection to our soldiers that I
want. There is practical legislation proposed
by the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wil-
son.] Send a commission; agree upon what shaft
be done. It can be agreed upon, for the Secre-
taiy of War tells the House of Representatives
that there is no ttouble, there is no difficulty, in
bringing about an exenange. Why has it not
been done? I take it for granted the reasons as-
signed by the Senator from Iowa have been the'
reasons, and they are not sufficient. If this con-
stituent of the Senator from Michigan had been
exchanged ,had been brought up here into a north-
ern, healthy climate, no doubt he would have re-
covered, and lived to comfort his friends and to
enjoy life among them.
There is but one more suggestion that I wish
to make on this subject. From the commence-
ment of this war to the present tune I have not
believed that anything like barbarism or cruelty,
any departure from the usages of civilized nations
in prosecuting wars, has been any advantage to
the northern cause. I believe that when we stand
closely'by the humane sentiments that have finally
come to be incorporated in the laws of nations, it
has been for the good of the North, and I shall
refer to but two instances in illustration.
A beautiful valley in the State of Virginia has
been made desolate, I suppose under the order of
General Grant, until, as some one expressed it,
a crow could not fly over the Shenandoah valley
any more unless he carried a knapsack. Deso-
lation broods where there were wealth and hap-
piness once. What has been the effectof making
war upon private propeity, of burning houses,
and barns, and stacks? To make every man,
woman, and child in all that region of country
the bitter foe of this Government, uncompromis-
