1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
B91
ingand unyielding, driven to despair, nothing to
hope from us, nothing to hope but in the suc-
cess of their cause. That is one policy.
General Sherman during the last year has made
the most brilliant campaign I think that history
records. From the time that he left Chattanooga
until he cartied his grand army to Savannah and
captured that city, 1 think there is nothing like it
in all modern history for the care that he took of
his men, for the skill with which he accomplished
every movement, not throwing, as Granthas done,
thousands of men against breastworks to die, but
by the interposition of high military genius he
has carried hisarmy in triumph over the mountains
and along the riveis until that army has marched
clear across the southern confederacy. I regret
that in a military point of view before he left At-
lanta he found it to be necessary to destroy that
city; but when he came to Savannah, and that was
at his feet, in the power of the General Govern-
ment, private property was respected and indi-
vidual security was made yet mote secure; and
what has been the effect? The effect of General
Sherman's wise and humane policy at and about
Savannah has made the power of Jeff. Davis and
the southern confederacy tremble through all the
Empire State of the South. Senators know it.
Ami in my action and votes here 1 am going to
consult what I believe, with the best lights I can
command, to bo the true interestand honor of my
country, and not one minute shall I consult the
passions of the day. I want this Union lestored,
not of one people to hate another; i want it re-
stored under such circumstences that we may once
more be fi lends.
Why is it that according to the laws of nations
certain rules have been adopted for the regulation
of belligerents, between foieign Powers engaged
in war? It is that the war shall be prosecuted
without inhumanity, barbarism, and ciuelty, so
that when the war is over there may be mutual
respect and confidence, that the ancient relations
of commerce and trade may return unimpaired.
If that is an argument m favor of standing far the
laws of nations, that high code which civilization
has established between foreign Powers, belliger-
ents, is it not a much more potent aigument in
favor of standing by those sentiments when we
wish to bring back into the family these people of
the South, and make us once more one Govern-
ment and one people with one destiny J
Mr. HENDERSON. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. SUMNER. Before that motion is put f
wish to have the amendment that 1 moved, and
also the amendment of my colleague, ordered to
be printed for the use of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That order will
be made if there be no objection. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Missouri.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned. *
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 24, 1865.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Piayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. "W. H. Ciianning.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication fiom the War
Department in relation to the hundred-daymen
accepted from Ohio and other States; which was
ordered to be punted, and refeued to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Also, a report from the same Department in
relation to the amount paid for commutation by
persons illegally drafted; which was ordered to
be printed, and referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
SELECT COMMITTEE.
The SPEAKER appointed, as members of the
select committee on theassaulton Hon. William
D. Kellky, in pursuance of the resolution of the
House of yesterday, Mr. Beaman, of Michigan,
Mr. Rollins, of New Hampshire, Mr. Robin-
son, of Illinois, Mr. Baldwin, of Massachusetts,
and Mr. Townsend, of New York.
VERIFICATION OF INVOICES.
Mr. WASHRURNE, of Illinois, .by unani-
mous consent, introduced a bill further to pro-
vide for the verification of invoices; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
MESSAGE FROM TIIK SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Hickey, its Chief Cleric, notifying the House
that that body had postponed indefinitely bills
and a joint resolution of the House of the fol-
lowing titles:
An act (II. R. No. 479) for the relief of John
Warren & Son;
An act (H. R. No. 489) for the relief of D.
McV. Stuart; and
A joint lesolution (H. R. No. 48) for the relief
of Aaron T. Doll.
Also, ihnt it had passed House bill No. 689,
to provide for Acting Assistant Treasurers and
depositaries of the United Slates in certain cases,
with an amendment, m which he was directed to
ask the concurrence of the House.
LIGHTS AND SIGNAL VESSELS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, by unani-
mous consent, introduced the following resold*-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
RcsoU'cK That the Committee on Commerce be directed
to inquire into tlx; expediency of hnpo>insr a tax on comj-
meiee lor thepinpo^e of deflating the expense ot' lights
ami fcigiidl veabels, unci report by bill oi otherwise.
AM1SNDM1SNT OF TIIE CONSTITUTION.
Mr. MORRIS, of New York, by unanimous
consent, piearnted the concurrent resolution of
the Legislature of the Slate of New York, pro-
posing an amendment to the Constitution of the
United States so as to abolish slavery; which
Was laid on the table.
RAILROAD TRAVEL IN TUB UNITED STATES.
Mr. ARNOLD, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Wheieas the numerous anil increasing instances of per-
sona! injury ;m<l los-< ot lilt; oeeunmg on the railroads of
tin* Unifd States, and as po*t roads lor the tianspoitation
of boIiluMd, indicate gio^s earele-Mies- in the management
of such*loads and that travel upon them i-. beeffinmi irioie
and more pel ilous ; and vv heieas it i* the duty of the Gov-
ernment. as far as it has the power, to secure the safety
and security ol its soldiers and citizens so tiaveling ou>atd
raihoads: Theiefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be, and
they ate hereby, directed to inquire and leport whether any
legislation is neeessaiy lo render the travel and transporta-
tion ot soldiei.s and eiiizen^nn railroads and post ioad«  of
the Unnod State* ha(e and secure, and that they report by
bill or otherwise.
TARIFF AMENDMENT.
Mr. FARNS WORTH, by unanimousconscnt,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means are
hereby instructed to inquire into the expediency of report-
ing a bill repealing the tariff upon all mateuals used in the
manufacture of paper.
BUREAU OF FREEDMEN AND REFUGEES.
Mr. SCHENCIC,by unanimous consent,from
the Committee on Military Affairs, reported a bill
to establish in the War Depaitment a Bureau for
the Relief of Freedmenand Refugees; which was
read a first and second lime, recommitted to the
Committee on Military A flairs, and ordered to be
printed.
MRS. HENRIETTA L. ELDRED.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a bill for the relief of
Mrs. Henrietta L. Eldied; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
INTERNAL REVENUE REPORT.
Mr. A. W.CLARK, from the Committee on
Printing,reported the following resolution; which
was read, considered,and agreed to:
Resolved, That five thousand extia copies of the report
of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue bo printed; two
thousand fur the u*e of the member* of thi-> Ilou^e, and
three thou-and for the use of the Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue.
PRINTING OV DOCUMENTS.
Mr. A. W. CLARK. I am also instructed by
the Committee on Printing to report the following
resolutions, and 1 ask that they be passed at this
time:
Resoh ed, That the outers made by the House of Repre-
sentative* duiing the fir^t session ot the picsent Congress
for punting the account's of the superintendent of Indian .
affairs for the southern superintendeney be, and the s$me
are hereby, rescinded.
Resolved, That the order made by the House of Repre-
sentatives, on thu 12th of February, 1864, for printing the
statement of fines imposed and deductions made from the
pay of contractors lor carrying the mails during tfce year
ending June 30,1863,be,and the same is hereby,repealed.
Resolved, That similar reports hereafter made to the
House, shall not be printed unless special directions be
given therefor.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is that a
House resolution or a joint resolution?
Mr. A. W. CLARIt. The order for printing
was made by the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I supposed
that this statement of fines was printed under a
provision of law.
Mr. A. W. CLARK. It was ordered to be
printed by the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I supposed
there was a provision of law which required these
things to be printed. 1 think the resolution is
just and proper. The only question is whether
it should not be a joint resolution, in order to
repeal an existing law on the subject.
Mr. A. W. CLARK. No, sir; it was merely
an order of the House.
The resolutions were then agreed to.
LANMAN's DICTIONARY OF CONGRESS.
Mr. A. W. CLARK. I am also instructed by
the majority of the Committee on Printing to re-
port the resolution which I send to the Chair.
Permit me to say that I dissent from the report, but
make it under the instructions of the committee.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the mem-
bers of this llou-e a fcufheient numbei of extia copies of
the Dictionary of Congie-s to make the quota of the House
equal to that already oideied by the Senate : Provided, The
cop) right hereby direeted lo be paid by the Clerk shall not
exceed the amount heretofore paid per copy for thu same
work.
Mr. KERNAN. I desire to inquire thecostof
printing those extra copies.
Mr. A. W. CLARK. Anticipating that this
resolution might elicit some debate, I took the
precaution to ask the Public Printer the expense
of the contemplated work. Accoiding to this res-
olution, each member of this House would be
furnished with an additional'supply of twenty-
three copiesof this Dictionary, the wholeexpenso
of which, according to the estimate of the Public
Printer, would amount to 1,250, $5,000 of which
would go as copyright lo Mr. Lunman. He,
however, in a letter to me, says that if the type
which has been set up has already been distrib-
uted, he proposes to receive fifty cents per copy
as his compensation for the copyright, reducing
the amount to $2,500. A majouty of the commit-
tee were m favor of the report, but were unani-
mous in eaying that the expense for copyright
should not exceed fifty cents for each copy.
1 now call the previous question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the res-
oluiion be laid on the table.
Mr. SCHENCIC. This is one of the worst
of all the jobs that have ever been brought into
this House.
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
been called, and debate is not in order.
Mr. A. W. CLARK. If the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Sciiekck] wishes to make some re-
marks on this subject, I withdraw the call for
the previous question.
Mr. SCMENCK. Mr. Speaker, this is one of
those resolutions for book purchasing and book
distributing at the expense of the Government
winch 1 think ought not to pass. It is proposed
to buy, for the use of members of this House and
for distribution, a book which, if it has any merit,
belongs to that class that ought to be obtained by
application at the bookstores in the usual way
by those who have occasion for it. I would as
soon think of distributing any other Dictionary
as a Dictionary of Congress, which, I believe, is
simply intended to give a brief biography, not
only of every honorable gentleman here now, but
of all those who at any time heretofore have served
in the legislative councils of the nation. It seems
to me that it ought to be enough to defeat a res-
olution of this kind to refer to the fact that it is
a book whose general character is such that mem-
bers and their constituents ought to supply it to
themselves, if they are curious in that kind of
literature, without putting the public to the ex-
pense of purchasing it for them.
