THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
But if we look to this particular book I under-
take to say that the character of the job of thus
furnishing it at the expense of the Government
is siiil more flagrant. Take, in the first place,
the style of the book. Look at its introduction.
" Po!i ileal laws," are the first two words. 1 should
like to know what" poiiticaUaws" are. Organic
luwRj constitutions, might possibly be regarded
as "political laws;" but how it is that the laws
which are passed here or by any legislative body
aVe " political laws" rs past my comprehension.
And yet those two w„ords, the very first in the
book, are a sample of its whole style.
But the style, it may be said, is much less
important than the matter. Very well; take the
matter.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to ask the gentle-
man whether the style of the different biographies
is not as various as the styles of the gentlemen
who wrote them. [Laughter.] Nobody supposes
that they wore nil written by Mr. Lanman.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not think that all those
who have beeivfnembersof thisorany other Con-
gress have written their own biographies for this
volume. Here, for instance, is the case of W.
W. Irvine, of Ohio. Pie is set down as having
been charge d 'afiUircs to Denmark in 1843. Well,
as ho died at Lancaster, Ohio, in 1842, it is not
probable that he furnished the memoranda in his
own case.
Mr. STEVENS. The information may have
been 'received through a spiritual medium.
[Laughter.]
Mr. SCfiENCK. That is a specimen of the
accuracy of the book, unless it may have been
since amended. As suggested by my friend from
Pennsylvania, the hypothesis of a spiritual me-
*duim tftight account for the way in which the mev-
teiial was obtained. In another case, of which I
have a note, it is stated that a certain gentleman
was in 1863 appointed by President Lincoln a
judge of the Court of Claims, while he was in
fuclnppointed by President ftnehannn. I hold in
my hand sixty-two specimens of this kind of the
accuracy of that book; but I will not detain the
House by commenting upon them.
Butthere^is anothei feature in this case—the
evfdent political bearing, if it may be so called,
of the book. If gentlemen will look at the various
biographies, they will find that it has generally
been thought sufficient to speak of a member as
having been elected to Congress, together with a
statement of his birth and death,accompanied by
the date of each. This, in such brief biogra-
phies, is perhaps sufficient, and all that ought
to be expected. But when you come to the case
of such a person as Jacob Thompson, the rebel
member of the Cabinet of Mr. Huchntian, and a
vobt-1 while he was a member—the man who con-
nived at frauds and thefts in his Department,and
communicated information to the enemy while he
was of the council of the President—you find that
the biographer is disposed to speak, not meiely
of particular facts, but to comment a little upon
the popularity with, and the great performances
for the benefit of, his constituency which led to
that gentleman's success in his aspirations for a
position in Congress.
So, again, when you look at the cases of Boteler
and s"nio six or eight others, who withdiew fi om
this House because they were tehels, if softens
that down to a resignation, when no such resig-
nation was made. And thus throughout that book,
from the beginning to the end, whenever it is
thought proper and necessary to speak of one
who occupies that relation to the Government
Which led finally to rebellion and insunection and
treason, you will find them handled very gingerly,
and if there is an encomium to be passed upon
them there is a little enlargement of the merits of
the individual, while no pains are taken to illus-
trate the character and history of any one who
has stood by the country. Take, for instance,
the case of my former venerable colleague, Joshua
R. Grid dings. In order that ailing may be made
at him, he lakes especial pains to show that he
died in a billiard room. The style of the book
is not so diffuse, nor the number of facts intro-
duced so general, as to call for a trifling and un-
important matter of that kind to be mentioned,
unless there was an object in it. I only allude to
this to show the geneial malice and the general
tone of that book as icgards the character,lean-
ing, inclination, and «ympathy of the gentleman,
whoever he may be, who had charge of its gen-
eral preparation.
Then again, sir, the book has been gotten up at
different times. Several years ago the first of it
was prepared, and that has been added to since;
and those things, now in 1864—the date the book
bears and the date of the introduction—which
were true two years ago remain as if they were
true yet. That is the position of a man as given
some three or four years ago, or whenever it was
the first edition of this book was published, and
it remains as if he still were in that position.
Gentlemen arc put down as members of Congress
who are not here now. Gentlemen there now
occupy places which are not the places they hold
at this time. The book relates back to some
former time. These corrections have not been
made in the book I have seen, certainly not in the
one of 1864. 1 have notes to show that it is full
of anachronisms and solecisms which would be
disgraceful to anything which pretends to be his-
tory, as this does.
but I did not purpose to detain the House fur-
ther than to direct its attention to the kind of
matter which we propose to charge the United
States with, that we may get it for our own use
and to distribute it to our own constituents. If
it is of any value we ought to signify ourbeliefin
that value by buying the volume for ourselves,
or to present it to ourconstituents, or leave those
outside of these Halls to buy it on their own ac-
count.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved that the reso-
lution be laid on the table; and on that motion
demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 03, nays 42, not voting 37;
as follows:
YKAS—Mesms. Alley, Ames, Arnold, Ashley, Augustus
C. Ha Id win, John t). Baldwin, Baxter, Blair, neauuui, Bout-
well, I.oyd, Bioomall, James S. Brown.VVillianiG. mown,
AmlnoM' VV. Clink, Cohh, Cole, Creswell, Henry Winter
Davn, Thomas T. Davi-, Dawes, Doming, Dixon, Don-
nelly, l)iujys, Eckley, ISden, Ehot, fainvwoitli, Gannon,
Gaiiield, Good), GrinneM, Oneroid, Harding:, Higjiy, Hol-
ni.sn, As.ihel W. Huhh.ud, John II. IJubb.ud, IngeiMdl,
Jro'-'c"-;. Julian, Kusson, Francis VV. Kellogg,Oilando Kel-
)o!>'.', !\.-i"aii, Knox, LiUleiohn, Longveai, Maiiory, Mai-
vi ii. "*i( :;nde, itleCiui", Mclmli>e, .Sumnel F. Mil lei, Mor-
i iil, Daniel Morn-, Mon t--on, Amos IVIyeiSjLeonaid Myers,
No: ton, Odd I, Glial lea O'Neill, Otrh, Patteison, Pendleton,
Peiham, Peiiy, Pike, Pi ice, Ale.xandei II. Rice, John Ii.
Jlice, KolmiM.)!), Ldward II. Rollins, Suhenck, Scofield,
Shannon, Hloan,Smit hers, Starr, Stevens, Thayer, Thomas,
Up--on, LUhu B. Washbnnie, William Ii. Washburn,
Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Williams, Wilder, Wilson,
nod Wmdoin—U3.
NAYri — Messrs. James C. Allen, Baily, TUaine, Brooks,
('lay, Go\, Dawson, Denison, Edgerton, Eldridge, Finck,
PuinU, Grider, Hale, Benjamin G. Usui is, Chat lea M. Har-
ris, Hciriek, Philip Johnson, Kalbfleisch, Law, Lazcar,
he Blond, Long, MeAllistei, McDowell. Middieton, Wil-
liam H. Miller, Modi head, Noble, John O'Neill, William H.
Handall, Jniin"< S. Ilolhn., Ro^, Spalding, John B.
Steele, Strou-e, Stuait,Sweat, Whaley, and Yeaman—4S2.
NOT \ (>TING— Messrs. William J Allen, Allison, An-
eon.i, Andeison, IN is-*, Blow, Ifiuudegre, Chanler, Free-
man Choke, Cnfhoth, Cravens, Dumoiit, English, Hall,
llanington, Hooper, IJotdikiss, flulbuni, Hutching, Wil-
liam Johnson, Kelley, Kim.', Kuapp, Loan, Mai cy, MeKm-
noy, James It. Morris, NeKon, i'omciov, I'uiyn, lladtord,
Samuel J. Handall, Roger*, Smith, William G. Steele,
Sules, Townseud, Traev, Van Vuikenlmigh, Voorhees,
Wads-worth, Waid, Webster, Joseph VV. White, VVmfield,
Benjamin Wood, Fernando Wood, VVooclbudge, and Wor-
thington—37,
So the resolution was laid on the table.
Mr. FARNSWORTIT moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was laid'on tho
table; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COLONIZATION SOCIETY.
Mr. COX. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to present, from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, a joint resolution in reference to
a settlement with the Colonization Society by the
Secretary of the Interior. 1 ask that the resolu-
tion may be read, as well as a letter from the Sec-
retary of the Interior.
The Clerk read the title of the joint resolution,
as follows:
Joint resolution to facilitate an adjustment of
ceitain accounts of the American Colonization
Society for the support of captured Africans in
Liberia.
Mr. COX. If there is no objection to the intro-
duction of the resolution, i will demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. SPALDING. "Will the gentleman allow
me to take up, in connection with that, the Senate
bill in reference to a gunboat to Liberia?
Mr. COX. We cannot take up two matters at
once.
No objection being made, the resolution was
received, read a first and second time, ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. COX. I move that the vote by which the
resolution was passed be reconsidered, and also
move that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. COX. I will ask to have printed in the
Globe the letter of the Secretary of the Interior,
instead of having it read to the House.
Consent was given; and the letter is as follows:
Department of the Interior,
Washington, December 16, J864.
Sir: During the years 1S60 ami 1861, this Department,
in vntue of the authonty conlerred upon the President by
the act ot' Oongiess approved June 1(5, lbfil), entitled "An
act to amentfnn act entitled ' An act in addition to the new
piohibiting the slave tiade,' " (Statutes at Laige, volumes
12, 40,) entered into four several contract* with the Ameri-
can Colonization Society tor the siippoit, tor one year, of
a huge numbei ot Alueun*, about live thousand in all, who
had been teeapiuied on the high seas by aimed vessels of
the United States, and. by order of the. Government, taken
into the republic ot Libeua. By the tenns of these eon-
tiacU the United States agreed to pay at the rate of $100
per annum for each Alnean over tho age of eight yeais,
and at the rate ol fifty dollar per annum lor each one iin-
d.-r that age. The payments wei e to be made monthly lor
tile first three quauers of the year, the leeaptives were to
be supported, loi eveiy African landed in Libeiia without
icgaid to age. Tho payments toi the last quatter were to be
deterred until the end of the qn.liter and until a critifieate
should be produced troin the agent ot tin; United States,
setting toith the numbei of Afucans led, clothed, ami
shelteted during each month of the year, and that the con-
tact had othei wise been faithfully executed by the society.
The object of defoirmg the payment lor the last quarter
wa-. to enable the Depaitment to deduct trom the amount
which might become due tor the, last quarter nny sum
fonn^to have been ovei paid during the first thtee quaiteis.
I*ii«i to the teimin.Uion of the cootiaeu the American
Colonization Society, at the inptauee of the Libei um au-
thorities as h understood, entetfd into an agreement or
sub connact with the Government of Liberia, by which
that Government assumed the gnaidianship of the rocup-
tivrs, and the obligations which the Colonization Society
had engaged with the United States to perf'oiin toward
theni—ihc: payments by the United States continuing,
however, to be made as previously to the American Colo-
nization Society.
Jn my annual leport of the 5th of December, 1SG3,1 re-
feried to this s«ubject as follows, namely :
41 The accounts of the Ameiicnn Colonization Society
for the bupport of recaptured Atueans m Liberia have not
yet been finally settled, owing to the imperfect maimer in
which they have been Kept by the loMdent agent of tho
United States in that rep.uhhc, and by the Liberian author-
ities, after the tianstei of the recaptives to thein. The ni-
tormatioi) and facts rcquuud to be reguiaily repoited riot
having been  ecorded and preserved by them, it is feared
they cannot now bo obtained with the aecuiacyof detail
contemplated by the strict teims of the eontincta, and
hence it i* revprctfuily lecommended (hat the Department
be nnthoiized by law to adjust and settle the accounts on
equitable pnnciples."
The Department has no reason to suppose that the terms
of the contiacts have not been faithfully fulfilled and the
welfaie of the leeaptives duly eaied fin, bur in consequence
of the omttfMon refeired to, it is found to be impo^iblo to
effect a final settlement ot the accounts without the aid of
luitlier legislation on the .-abject.
1 .ui) huti^fied thattheie isu balance equitably due to the
republic of Ltbeua, through the American Colonization
Socictj, whteh that Govciuinent i - anxiuu  to have paid ;
and with a view to the only practicable mode of settling
the accounts, 1 submit to you tiie accompanying draft of a
joint lesolimon [or the consideration ot the Committee on
l-'oteign Relation-?.
I have the houoi to be, with much lespect, your obedi-
cut servant, 3 p USI]EU) Senetmy.
Hon. Charles Sumner, Chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Relations, United States Senate.
TREASURY PRINTING BUREAU.
Mr. JENCKES, by unanimous cunsent, sub-
nutted tho following pteamble and resolution;
Whereas In the annual report of the Secretary of the
Treasury no mention S made by him of the Punting Bureau
of iheTieasiny Lkpattment:
Rcsohed, That the Secretary of the Treasury bo direetcd
to communicate to this House the pieseut condition of the
Printing Bureau, together with the annual repoit of the
bureau, and any and all reports with icfercnee to said bureau
which have been made to Use Secretary during the past
year.
Tlic SPEAKER. This being a call for exec~
utive information, requires unanimous consent for
consideration to-day.
JNTo objection was made.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
