894
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
form when he approached the gentleman from New
iTork that gentleman would not have been so af-
frighted. I asked him to state what he knew about
the matter. He said, " I wrote the letters at the
same time, on the same day, from the dictation
of General Butler; and they were recorded just
as they appear."
. A single word now in reference to a matter on
which i do-not propose to spend much time—the
affairs at Norfolk. The gentleman [Mr. Brooks]
fiot present yesterday any evidence whatever
as-to General Butler's transactions atNorfolk. I
shall not, therefore, spend much time over it; but
when 1 approach the greater subject, the House
will see, and the country wiil see, that any state-
*ment of his, without testimony, as to the transac-
tions of anybody, cannot be believed by the coun-
try. I say, from an inquiry this morning, that
the records of the War Office furnish no testimony
whatsoever impeaching General Butler's reputa-
tion or conduct in reference to trade transactions
in the district which he has lately commanded.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I come to the testimonyin
reference to tHe $50,000 transaction in New Or-
leans. 1 ask the attention of the gentleman from
New York to one point, because, when I have pre-
sented the evidence,! shall put to him a question on
my own responsibility as a member of this House,
as a Representative of a district, as a citizen of
this country, interested somewhat in the reputa-
tion of a man who is already historical, and who,
since the administration of Hastings in India, has
had^ larger command and greater interests of the
country placed in his hands than nlmostany other
person, and I shall expect a definite and distinct
answer to that question; and therefore I put him
on his guard at tins early moment. The ques-
tion 1 shall put to him is, (asking the Clerk first
to read the extract from the gentleman's speech
which was contained in General Butler's letter,)
whether he reaffirms the statement which he made
or whether he retracts it? And according to the
cour.se which he takes shall be mine us to some
observations which I will then submit.
Thegentlomun from New York hud before the
House yesterday wluu he ealla a u deposition"
of one Samuel Smith, which turned out to bo an
affidavit ear parte, and not true nt that. I have
here a letter signed by the United States district
attorney at New Oiloans, and the United States
marshal,dated ]2ih May, 1804, which, although
subsequent to the transactions that are now in
question, throw some li^ht on the character ot
til is charge. 1 ask the Clerk to read them.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Office; of tjie United States District Attornhy,
NewOiiluans, May 10, 1804.
Sir: By the ln*t mail I iccetvcd your note of On4 23d
Ultimo, milking inquiry relative to the stains of Samuel
Hnnth St Co. ic^pecting their loyally. As [ left tin* city
soon af'et tlu; commencement of ho-Militie-s, and remained
in Washington eiiy till May of last year, I cannot speak
from peisonal knowledge. Having made diligent nujnuy,
howevci, f learn thai Alt. Smith wu* a sympatliiy.ei with
and an alder and abeiior of the rebellion while n w,t*j nt
power here. The Him weie the agent* foi the eonfedeuue
loan, and their hook** and blank* ate still in the uppei loom
of Iheu tinnier hankyig Ihuw on Camp -tt< el in t Jus oily,
showing their agi-ucv a* above staled The geneial Hern-
iation of Mr. S. Smith was that of an enemy oftlie United
State-:,belorc the arrival of Geneial Butlei,and toi some
tune atterward. Andiew VV. Smiih, lug only paitner, was
even moie Inner m his disunion sentiments.
My informal ion is deitved Irom gentlemen of the highest
St.Hiding, con-tanl loyalty, and continued lesulcnee heie
thronghoid the rebellion up to this time.
ff f ean he of any seivieein picveutmgimpositionsupon
the Government, such as 1 am inhumed iiave already been
piacticed by secc-*io!iJ-?ts hoie representing themselves
otheiwi-c in Wa-hinglon, you Iiave but to intimate it. If
you wi-h affidavit* oi tlx' statement made above with re-
gaid to Samuel and A. \V. Smith, composing the lluu of
Samuel Smith Sc. Co., they *ball be (orw.mled.
I have the honor to be, youi obedient servant,
UUFUS WAl'LllS,
United States Dhtiict Attorney,
Hon. Wit. Whiting, Solicitor oj the IVar Department,
I concur in the correctness of the foregoing statements
relative to Messrs. toainuel Smith & Co., fiom mv own
personal knowledge. J AM ES G It A11 AM,
United States Aluibhal.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I have caused that to be
read as furnishing u basis in evidence for the
seizure of the money in question. The affidavit
of Samuel Smith says:
" The .statement thatc thU gold was condemned by a mil-
itary comnu-siou as the pioeeeds of the jobbery of the
United Stale? mint at New Oilcans 5 is without a shadow
of n <j fli, is utterly malicious, and is in every syllable baselv
false."
I hold in my hand the order of Major General
Butler constituting a commission. I have also
the evidence taken before the commission; also
the award of the commission. Although the
$50,000 was notcondemned as being the proceeds
of the property of tiie Treasury of the United
States, and in that respect the statement of Smith
is true, it was, nevertheless, condemned inconse-
quence of the conduct of Smith-in his transac-
tions with the confederate officers at New Orleans.
I ask that the Cleik shall read the document which
I now present; but before it is read, I will state
that Farragut passed the forts at the mouth of
the Mississippi river, I think, on the 24th day
of April. On the 2d day of May General Butler
took possession of the city of New Otleans. Al-
though I have not the date of the seizure of this
money, it was at some time between the 2d day
of May and the 12th day of June, when the order
was issued constituting the commission.
The Clerk read, as follows:
New Orleans, June, 1862.
General: We iiave the honor to submit the following
lepott of the proceedings, evidences, and findings of the
commission authorized by the lollowmg special order:
[Special Order, No. 90.]
Headquarters Department of the Gulf,
Niivv Orleans, June 12, 1SG2.
A commission composed of Geneial Shepicy, military
commander, Dr. W. N. Mercer, and Thomas J. Dutant,
Esq., of New Orleans, i- ordered to hear and detenmuc
whether these is reasonable cause to believe that the specie
and propeity seized by the United States in the banking
house of Samuel Smith & Co. is the property of the con-
Jedoiate State?., or of any dopailment or office theieof, oi
whether Mud specie and other piopeity has been used in
any way to aid the confederate States or any officers theieot
in couccaling any ptoperty ot the con/edcfate State.*, ot
whether said Samuel Smith &. Co have m any way so
acted in behalf ot this lebellion a.; ought to cause the tui-
thcr detention of said specie and other pioperty (oi hearing
befoic the Department at Washington.
This boanl to sit at the e.\pen.se of the paitirs claimants,
it having been ordered at their icqiiest. Captain i'eter
liaggeity is appointed recorder ioi the communion.
iiy older ot Cem-ial ilutlcr: It. S. DAVIS,
Captain and J}, A. Jl. G.
In obedience to the above order the boa id met on the
15th June, at half past seven o'clock, at the St. Chailes
lion 1.
Picsent, Geneial Shepley, W. N. Mercer, and Thomas
J. Durant, connui--ion,and Captain V. ilaggeity, iceoidei.
Tin; panics hejun; pre-cnt with the witnc.ws, the claim •>
of iht' United Stale.- authorities to hold the piopeity men-
tioned in said oider, the admitted laets in relation to said
piopeity, as well as the icasotis tor making said claim, weie
pie-ented by Majoi Geneial ilutler.
The following aiinluvit of Marceiin Esnard was then
read, namely:
I, Mareelm Esnard, of lawful age, do depose and say
that, on the day Mi. Gunot went away (Apul 24, 186:2)
with ihe specie ot the mint, I took 4$50,000 in gold fiom
Mr. Samuel Smith on his <frdci, winch older is exhibited
to me here. A few d iys before that, (lour or live days.) Mi.
Guuot, having a quantity of silver vvhteh he wished
change into gold for the convenience of eatrytng away tiie
specie, pioeuied Mi. Snntli. dnccior ot some bank, to have
1111-> hank take the silv < i and give no Id for it, which ihe bank
did. and I iceeived it fiom Mi. Smith as by ieceipt shown
me heie, and earned u to Mi. Gunol, ami he caiued it
away wuh him, and on the same day gave me the books
ot iliti mint which weie captuied at my house.
M. ESNARD.
Then came before the above-mentioned M. Esnatd, and
swore that be told the nuiii, the whole truth, and nothing
hut tiie tiuth, in leieience to the-.e pioeeeding-.
lilWJ. h\ BUTLER,
Major Geneial Commanding.
And heie the Government rested their e:i<-e.
Mes-rs. Samuel Smith St Co. then pioeeeded, thiougli
A.L. Rozier, E-q , to state their side ol the ease, and le-
eite the IoIIowiiil' siatemcnt o! Jacob Siauh, namely :
Jacob Stanh, beni^ duly sworn, '-ays that lie i- the potter
ol the Canal and Han kins Company ; that on oi about tiie 23d
ot last month, by orderot the piesidentol said bank, he ic-
eeived horn toe mint i$00,00U in silver enm, ten bo\r& of
which, (.ach containing ,^1,000. he pl.iced in the adjoining
banking house of Samuel Smith Sc Co,, who were aiding
the (tank in the redemption of then bill-, and that Samuel
Smith Si Co. returned to the Canal Bank (our of the -aid
boxes, containing eacn £J,U1J0, and ,$(>,000 m their hilis,
which they had ledeemed,the lesidne he placed in thesaid
Canal Bank; that dmmg the day Mi. Guuor. the as-si-tant
treasurer of the mint, called at the bank, and he (Jacob)
leqtiested Mi.Guirot to send tor the gold which he had been
ordered by the piesident oi the bank to deliver to him in
exchange toi the silver received, \v inch Mr Guirot promised
to do. At two o'clock^ when the bank closed, the gold was
not sent for, and he, by order of the piesident, placed it in
the hanking house ol' Samml Smith & Co., who usually
kept then banking hou-e open latei in the day than the in-
corporated banks, io bedeliveied to Mr. Guirot when called
lor. JACOB STAUB.
Swora and subscribed before rue this —- day of May,
1862. D.F. MITCHELL,
Justice of the Peace,
And also called Jacob Staub, who testified as follows, to
wit:
"•Am a porter employed in Canal Bank. We received the
money m April. An officer of the mint, I think it was,
said Mr. Guirot sent hitn with the money, 1 gave Smith
ten boxes of it, ami the lest was to be u-ed (as small) in
paying the small notes of the hank. On the 23d, Smith gave
foui boxes back to us. Guirot cnmo next day; he said,
' Will you give me that money iti cold ?' I told him I had
£50,u00 in gold and he could take that; said he would come
at two o'clock. The gold was rolled into Smith's window,
and the porter told hun it was GuiroCs money. On Satm-
day, the 19th, we had only silver for an hour or so. Oa
Tuesday moining I heard arrangements had been made
with the mint Jot the specie. Tiie bank was. crowded. I
think we got a littlesilver ftotn M r. Baiker's bank. I know
that ten boxes went to Mi. Smith and that four were le-
turned to us. I think the 23d was Wednesday. The -ilvor
came in on Tuesday and Wednesday ; think we got.$50,000
on Wednesday about eleven o'clock. Mi. Guiiot told me
he wanted the gold and would come lor it before two
o'clock. I saw the gold lolled into Smith's ; it was done
up in bags and then put in a keg. Mr. Guirot did not know
that we were going to put it into Mr. Smiths. On the 22d
and 23d, Smith had a pretty large amountof gold. I think
he sent into our bank a check for <gJ7.UOO; the pacing
teller and myself did the paying out. I did not know that
Smith Dad a large amount out on the 22d. 1 saw him about
the bank thiee or four times that day, and I know that
some money was going into Smith's.
" 1 cannot tell who brought the large check of Ilewitt,
Norton & Co,, or who it was paidto; I did not know of
any other large amounts paid to Smith &. Co. about that
time ; I have no recollection of paying the large check or
setting aside the com to pay it.
"Bank began to pay specie Saturday, April 19; Mon-
day and Tue-day specie began to run shoit. On Wednes-
day the president or cashier told me that money would
come fiom the mint, 1 undeistood next morning lioin the
officers of the hank f-onie more inoncv would come ; gave
no ieceipt for it,$25,000, which came fiist; I wasuotasked
for a ieceipt tiie next day; know Mr. Gu.tot very well;
he came in about two horns after we had the specie. I
icceived orders from out bank ollieew to pay to Guuot the
amount in gold. lie came in abouteleven o'clock ; did not
take it then, but said he would conn; lor it at two o'clock.
'1 he money we put intoMr. Smith's because he vvap clo~c
by the hank; T staid that day as late as six oi seven o'clock
and 'Mr.Guirotdid notconie; I think it was the 23ds Wed-
nesday."
The affidavit of Mr. J. Rathbone, president of the New
Orleans Canai and Banking Company, was thun read, as
follows, to wit:
Mi. J. llathbone, pi evident of the New Orleans Canal and
Hanking Compan}*, being duly sworn, says that Mi. S;un-
nul Smith, a dnector ot the batik, called on him on about
the 22d of Apnl, 1^62, to know if the hank would  i\e gold
lor silvci, stating that Mr. Gunot of the mint wa- devious
of making the exchange, and ihat he on the p.utof the
bank told Mt. Smitli th.it as the bank had little or no si! ver,
and the gold m the vault tben ready to pay out was in
tvventv (-lollat pieces, it w a- d iffieult to pnv amount•< under
twenty dollar-. The bank would make the exchange to
the amount it should pay out Then Mi. Smith told the
deponent that his linn would ledeem the notes o! the; hank,
in .-ilvct to aid in satisfy itig the ton on the bank tor the
ledeinption of its notes, and that this deponent was in-
formed by the clerk or poitei that the hank and Samuel
Smith 8t Co. had thus used of the silver to the amount of
§fs0,000 which lie ordered handed ovei to Smith & Co. in
gold, J.RATUBONE.
Sworn bcfoie me this — day of Mnv, 18(V2.
D. F. MITCHELL,
Jushcc oj the Peace.
Mr. Uathhone was then called a witness by Samuel
Smith fit Co. and testified as ioliows:
tL i am president of'the Canal Bank, and did not make any
ariangment with Guuot for the gold. My impres-ion id
that 1 told some one that I thought it best to put it into
Smith's office. This gold was put into hag-, of $5,000 and
then put into keg*, but not in hays constructed lor out bank.
{do not think the bag was sealed ; 1 have no pei&onal knowl-
edge ot the payment of Hewitt, Nm ton & Oo.'s check ; I
do not know any thing of (he $50,000 alteiwurd, my im-
pression is that the tinn-netton wa« on the day preceding
the passage of the foils by the United States Ibices j I do
not know that any receipt was given tor the silver; they
told inc (hat $50,000 h;id been paid out; I told them to pay
it out with a keg of gold. Before we began to pay specie
theie was no consultation by the boaid of direetois as to
when the bank should obtain it< supply ; I think Mi. Smith
told me b'e would supply lis; I think we had it of jinn before
we heaid of Gunot.
"My impies-ion is that Mr. Smith a^ked iff would take
sonns silvoi, that he would siet minis of Guirot. I >.anl yes,
so far as we u anted it, and we would pay lor it in gold. I
do not t ecolleet whether am thing was sud between my-elf
and Mr. Smith as to the ohj< ct for which Mi. Guuot wn'nled
to change the coin Mr. Smith told me, as [ undeistood
him, he wanted it m smailei compass in case he wanted to
send it awav. This was my imptes.-ion. We must have
used Mi. Smith's money before it (this coin) came from
tiie mint."
The affidavit of Samuel S. Booth was then read, as fol-
lows :
SamuelS. Booth beingduly s\voin, saysthathe is a clerk
in the banking' hou-^ of Samuel Smith & Co.; that they
were employed in assisting the Canal Bank in paying out
specie lor their bill*; that their silver 1 mining shoitMu
Smith procured it from others during hours of business,
Mr. J. Guuot eame to the bank and had a conversation with
Mr. Smith on the 2*2d or 23d of April last, and when Mr,
Gunot left .Mr. Smith remarked thai the Canal Bank wn<- to
givo $50,000 in gold, soon utter which the silvei came up
on a eaif, and moat of which went into the Canai Batik,
tiie residue Into the banking house of fc>. Smith & Co. for
