1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
395
the mint, which was delivered to Mr. E^nard bymc on
-the following morning on piesentation of the oider book
appended. SAM. S. BOOTH.
Sworn to and subscribed this -
- dav of Mav, 1862.
1). V. MITCHELL,,
Justice of the Pcace.
Messrs. Samuel Smith & Co.: Please deliver to the
bearer, Mr. Esnard, the 850,000 in gold.
Xte>pcc(fu!lv, A. J. GUIROT.
Jl-pnl 24, 18u2.
Mr. Neville, a witness called by Sam. Smith & Co., testi-
fied as follows:
kS I am one of the clerks of Sam. Smith &, Co.; keep their
books, [cash book of Smith &• Co. exhibited ] I was not
present at any one of those transactions, 1 only know
general!} that Smith & Co. ought to have the amount of
$jG-i,000 which is set down i«i the cash account of Smith &
Co. of April 03; it is in Mi. Booth's handwriting. I have no
knowledge ot what amount they should have at any time
other than appears on the books."
And hero the couit adjourned to meet to-morrow even-
ing at seven and a half o'clock.
Saturday Evening, June 14.
Met according to adjournment; all the mcmlteis of the
commission and the rocoidci being present, when the hear-
ing was lesumcd.
Mi Neville, being recalled, says as follows:
" f collected 110m the Bank Of Louisiana $3,500; Mechan-
ics nnd Xradeis'.$700 ; Union. $300; Canal,$11,000. The
entry m the ea^h book, except as to amount, was an ciror
of mine. I do not lemember of any other large amount of
gold coming in on that day or 22d Api il. J know that a
large exchange bill Veiling had been sold ; Hie books show
on the 23d Apnl $6-1,000 and odd. We were m the habit
ot having and selling coin and hank notes evety day with-
out afft ctiug our capital. On September 16 we had a spe-
cie balance of about $37,000 and odd. The agreement
made by the Canal Bank with Sam. Smith 8c Co. was that
Whatever was due at the time they let-umed hpccie pay-
ment they would assume and pay."
The depositation of C. Bell was then read as follows :
Colville Bell, being duly sworn, says that on the 22d of
April l.is-t he iceetved fiom Sam. Smith Co. a bill of
evehaiiL'c on Loudon of £6,606, tor which be pasd Sam.
Smith & Co. $30,700 in gold by giving them a chock on the
Canal Bank, payable m gold, which i> hmeto annex* -1.
COLVJLLB BULL.
Subscribed and sworn to before mc this 24th day of June,
1862. d. lr- mitchell,
JuUicq of the Peace.
New Orleans, Jlpnl 21, 1?63.
Canal Bank:
Pay to the order of Sam. Smith & Co. (in gold) thiity-fit
thousand seven hundred dollars, ($36,700.)
HEWITT, NORTON & CO.,
Per C. BELL.
Mr. C. Dell was then calicd by Smith &. Co., and testi-
fies ns follows •
" I pmchased of Mr. Smith a bill of exeh.tnge on April 21.
I paid ioi it next day m gold. This was* a pomou oi what
was du< lo Hewitt, Norton Sc Co.
" Mi. Notion \\a- a dnector m the Canal Bank. I was
directed by the pi cedent of the bank to collect my balance
in gold. '[The above check ^-hown.] I handed it to Mr.
Smith. The affidavit was marie ne\t day. The cheek is
hcieby dated. I went to Mr. Smith and got tlie check in
steiling exchange.'1'
The alhdavit of Lafayette Guyal was then read, as fol-
lows:
Lafayette Guyal, being duly sworn, says he Is a bookkeeper
in Canal Bankj'andkeep* the account-uf Ilcwitt,Norton &
Co.; that he know* Sam Smith & Co. pie^ented for pay-
ment on the 2-^i April, 1662, Hewitt, Noiton &Co.'s cheek
foi £36,700, payable in gold ; that said Smith &Co. brought
a!v>*inlo the bank Canal Bank noios and gold, and made
a settlement with the cashier, and received a keg of gold
in payment, said to contain $50,000; recollects the circum-
staueoslrom having a*.**,! « GUYAL.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this ] 4th .Line 1862,
D. F. MITCHELL,
Justice of the Pcacr.
And here the evidence closed. The views or Smith 8c
Co.weie then picsentcd byM'>-r-. rtaikei and Ro/iei.and
the views> oi the Cmtai States byMajoi Guiei.tl Butler.
Ifcie the commission adjoin ned to nieelMondaj evening,
June 17.
On Monday evening. June 17, the commi.^ion met, ao-
ooiding to adjournment, and pioceeded to tin- oon-*i<!c la-
tum ot the t u-e presented, and having he.nd the evidence
on both sides, counting oi admitted tact-, affidavits,
bookh oi S. Smith & Co., of a commercial character, .ind
documents, and aHo lu-tencd to toil ailment on both
Fides ot tin; cause, and having matuiely deliberated upon
the whole case, has rendeied the follow nig conclusions :
Fnst. The admitted lact that  Smnh Sw Co. concealed
$50,000 in gold com at the time of tho appioacis ot the
United States lorees, and on b>-ing questioned as to the
same at lu-t 'sti enuoiisly denied both its concealment and
existence—tat |s that have not in any way been explain'-d by
Smith & Co in the tnal—tend to laise a violent preMiinp- :
tion that these £j0,000 may be the same which weie s-eut
bv Mi. A. J. (iuiiot, tie.Kurei, fiom the mini, and this pr?-
suirii^fon ^ by no nwn". wakened by the siII;!iiL-r oil
sv in it \ in which Smith fc, Co. have left the affair of the
Oiliet >7A) 000 m gold, which appaiently wa< made up by
ih'Witt, Noiton ^ t-o.'- « b< i \ <""i 'he ('anal Bank lor
$36,"J00. and the lem-undt.r h> the payment liom ^mitli «.
Co.'s own funds. Tn addition to ibis, the testimony of
Staub, compared with that of C. Bell, brings tho two
transactions, if two they were, of the two kegs of specie
upon the same day, or possibly consecutive days, and the
whole of the testimony on Smith & Co.** side so far would
go to raise a presumption that the $50,000 lot of gold seized
by the United States is tiie same that Guiiot sent silver
ior tiom the mint, and if it stood uncontradicted, the com-
mission would feel bound to declare that there was rea-
sonable ground for holding it as being the same.
But the commission has before it, on the other hand, the
positive testimony of EMiard and Booth, whose affidavits
have been allowed to go in without affording the commis-
sion the benefit of a rtt-a voce examination, and the wit-
nesses swear positively that the keg of gold promised to
Gunot was actually taken away by Guirot's agents from
Smith & Co.'s banking house. This positive testimony the
commission feels bound to regard as outweighing all the
suspicious circumstances which tend to sliow identity, and
therefore determines that thcie is no reasonable cause to
believe that the specie and piopeity seized by the United
States in the banking house ot Samuel Smith & Co. is tho
piopeity or the confederate States or of any department
or office thmcof. Ilavmgcome to tins conclusion, from the
evidence upon the question of the identity of gold seized
and that destined for Guirot in exchange for the silver be
sent fioin the mint, the commission htw heard no evidence
going to sdiow that the said specie and oilu r piopeity has
been u*ed in any way to aid the confederate States or any
officer thereof, in concealing any propci ty of the confeder-
ate States.
Jlavmg thus disposed of the first and second points, the
commission now proceeds to the last, to inquue whethci
said Smith & Co. have in any way &o acted in behalf of
this tebellion as ought to cause the further detention of
said specie and othei pioperty for heaiing befoie the De-
patiuieut in Washington. It wa  in evidence before the
commission, b\ the testimony ot Rath bone, president of
the New Oilcans Canal and Banking Company, that Sam-
uel Smith had intormed him on oi about the 23d of April
that inasmuch as ihe banic was diatned ot siivei com, and
needed a large amount to payoff its bill-holders, $50,000
could be pioeured fiom him by Guirot. the tieasurei ot the
mint, lot a like sum in gold, and that Guirot had informed
him Jie wiihed to change the silver for gold, in order that
he could more conveniently carry it off. This conversa-
tion with Bathbom: in the view taken by the commission,
iix< s upon Hnuth a knowledge of the design entertained
by Gunot of withdrawing the money m the mint fiom the
reach ot the United States, and shows Unther that Smith,
being a director ot the bank, b> making with it the arrange-
ment on behalf of Cuiiotjdueetlj aided the latter in eany-
liiil off the funds of the mint, and so assisted in thwarting
the military opeiations ot the United States. Whether
any ot w hat penult} i* now, oi will be by law, attaclu d to
such conduct, the commission do not know. They think
that under no cncumstances can it possibly exceed the
amount which Gun ot was assisted to cai iy aw ay, ami theie-
foie that all specie or other property seized beyond the
'550.000 in gold should be released, and that with regard
to Mich suiplus fheie is no cause for tuither detention.
With icg.iul to the $50,000, the commission thinks there
is giouiul for detention until the ptoper Department at
Washington can be heard tiom.
G. F. SIIEPLrV,
THOMAS 1UTRANT.
W. NEWTON ME11CER.
The tmdersiirned having by their judgment done all that
by tho Stuet lequiiemmts of law tliey felt, themselves
hound to peiform, would now bey leave most respectfully
to submit that m then opinion siscifizens and men, in con-
sultation ot the penance Mi. Smith ha«* already undeigone,
it '■e^ms proper to flieui to suggest to General Bntlei that
in the exeicise of his discretion, he should, in laying this
matter beioie the piopcr Depaiiment at Washington, lec-
ommend as advisable a lenient eom<e, looking toward a
restoration of the money, m ease ?uch action should not be
inconsistent with luw,oi Mich other lorm of recommenda-
tion as the general might think piopei.
G. F. SHCPLEY,
THOMAS J. l)(JRANT,
W. NEWTON ME11CEU.
Major General Bott-er,
Commanding Department of the Gulf,
Mr BOUT WELL. It will be borne in mind,
Mi. Speaker, that this awaid was made and sub-
mitted to Alnjor General Butler on the 17th day
of June, 18G2. The gentleman from New York,
when questioned yesterday by my colleague
[Mr.UoocnJ as to whether Geneiai Butler had
made any report to the Department in lefercnce
to tins (*,50,000 in gold, said that no report had
been made until the suit was threatened. It will
appear from tho documents which I shall have
the honor to submit that the first letter from the
attorney of Smith to General Butler way dated
February 29, 1864. I have before me, and I shall
ask tho Clerk to read, a .communication from
Geneiai Duller to the .Secretary of the Treasury,
dated the 2d of July, 1862, nt Lis headquarters in
New Oileans, fifteen days after this award was
made. The gentleman fiom New York, wno
comes here to arraign a man who has sacrificed
the comforts of home, a lucrative profession, tho
esteem of Ins friends, his standing in the com-
munity, and exposed himself to the peiils of \vai,
ami has done i vice in the cause of the counfiy,
while we—I do not say the gentleman fiornNew
"Ycikalone—while we sluggards have done noth-
ing; tho gentleman trom New York, who comes
here to arraign such a man, does not even take
the pains to inquire whether the statements which
he makes are false or true.'
The Clerk read, as follows:
Headquarters Department op the Gulp,
New Orleans, July % 1862.
Sir: Will be found inclosed herewith minutes of (lie
doings of a commission to inquire intci the seizure of the
specie of Sairiuel Smith & Co.
The finding is that the case should be sent to the De-
partment for investigation. I should have sent the specie
(.$50,000) to you, butthisremnrkabiestate of things exists:
two paymasters came down here witli $285,000, too Httlo
money to pay the troops of the department, some of whom
have not been paid for six months, and they and their fam-
ilies aie suffering tor theirjust dues, which, from the inef-
ficiency of the pay department in not making proper reqiii-
sitions, lias not been turnbhed them. I shall therelore
appropriate this $50,000 toward the payments^ the troops
it*ft unpaid,one of which in a western regiment not paid
since December, and a Maine one not paid since October.
I shall boirow of one ot the banks here $50,000 more m
gold (T cannot get Treasury notes) upon my own oidcr and
ph'dqinu the faith of the Government. This I have pro ra-
ised "shall be refunded in gold in fixty days, with interest
at the rate of six per cent, per annum, and trust that pledge
will he made good, as I shall have to suffer the loss. I shall
nlso obtain of Adams & Co. here $50,000 in Treasury notes,
or thereabout, and by leaving the allotments unpaid hero,
but to be paid in New York, I shall be able to have the
payment completed, ftut this only pays the March pay-
ment. leaving two months still due. May I ask, therefore,
that my diatt of § , in favor of Adams & Co.be hon-
ored, and a futiue draft, not exceeding in all $50,000, be
honored at sight, so that Adams & Co. can send forward
the remittances to the toldiersJ wives which have been
used here to pay others, and that $50,000 in gold be sent me
to repay that winch I have borrowed? I could not let my
soldier- go longer unpaid. It wasmjuiing the creditof the
Government with our foes, and breeding bickness and dis-
content among my men.
Trusting that tin* action will meet approval in the emer-
gency, I ain most tiuiy yours, # _ f T^T*
li. r . 15U I IjujU)
Major Gencml Commanding.
Hon. Sai.mon P. Chase, Sccrctanj of the Tieasury.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I may state, Mr.Speaker,
that this £,50,000 in gold was taken by General
Butler at a time when there was no considerable
difference between gold and paper. In the exi-
gency which existed he loaned it to the paymas-
ters of New Orleans. When they received funds
from the Government it was returned to him; and
it was twice used in that way for the purpose of
relieving the claims of the soldiers upon the Gov-
ernment; and it was finally left in the hands of
General Butler.
I ask now that a memorandum which accom-
panicd General Butler's account to the War De-
partment, which was in February following, shall
also he read to the House.
The Cleik read, as follows:
MemoraTtrfw.n to accompany the Jlccounts filed in the TVar
Depai imcat.
In the matter of the item of $o9,8oo taken from Samuel
Smuh & Co., bankeis.
This money was seized fiom Smith &, Co. upon the be-
lief that it was either the identical money taken from the
United States mint by the rebel superintendent, or eli-e
gold exchanged bv him foi silver, which was paid out by
the Canal Bank after the fleet passed the forts, and by
Smith concealed by being bricked up m the re;ti of the
vaults of ln  hanking Iiou-e. By agreement with Mr. Smith,
the questions of this seizure were submitted to a comnus
sion of Governor Shcploy, Dr. Meieer, piesidcnt ol the
Louisiana Bank, and Thomas J. Durant, E-q., a leading
lawyer of New Orleans. A protracted heating was had,
and lull examination of evidence by counsel m behalf of
tiie claimants, aud repoit made that all but two kegs, con-
taining . *.>0,000, be, letmned to Smith & Co., which was
dom'; but as to tin1 $50,000, that should beheld by the
United States, subject to the disposal of the Government
nf Washington, l'lns. lepoit was lorwarded to the Seete-
taiy of the Tiea-iuy (-oe my letter inclosing same.) In
the absence of fund> to pay the uoops, some ot whom had
la-en six months without pay, upon the deciMOu of the
commission, this, with othei moneys, were turned over
to the paymaster, Major TJewiU, to pay the ttoops, and
Ins teceipt taken. When the money came for pa\ merit of
the troops, this amount was replaced tu my hands by the
na\ m.istei. and i-no\v hold foi the u-o of the United States.
Plinth &. Co are both active lebe.ls, and have retained
to then allegiance. They have tineatened to hold the
 eneral making the seizuie petr-onally responsible lor this
amount, and lie only de-ircs '•ueh order maybe made as
will, if the United States jeceive the money, relieve him
fiom personal lesponsibiiity.
All ol winch it re-pecttully fcubmitted.
BBN.r. F. BUTLER.
Washington, D. C., Fcbruaiy 11,
Mr. BOUTWELL. If I were to stop hpre,
Mr. Speaker, the charge of robbery made by the
gentleman from New York would have failed en-
tirely. Within fifteen days after the award of the
comnsissionois, as appeals from incontrovertible
testimony, the circumstances were reported to
the Treasury Department and subsequently were
made known to the War Department. The sug-
