1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Ancona, Augustus C.
Baldvvin, Brooks, Chunler, Clay, Cravens, Dawson, Dcni-
son, Eden, Edgerton, Eldndge, Finck, Gajison, Grider,
Harding, Ilarungion, Benjamin G. Hariis, Herrick, Ilotch-
kiss; Philip Johnson, Kernan, Law, Le Blond, Long, Mal-
lory, M<ircy,McKinney,Mi<Mleton. James R.Morris, Mor-
rison, Noble, John O'Neill, Pendleton,Perry, Rogers,Ross,
Scott, John 13. Stet-lc, William G. Steele, Stiles, Wad<-
woith, Waul, Chilton A. White, Joseph W. White, and
Fernando Wood—46.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. William J. Allen, Alley, An-
derson, Arnold, John D Baldwin, Bliss, Blow, James S.
Biown, William G. Brown, Ambro&e YV. Claik,Freeman
Clark, Coflfioth, Cox, Creswell, English, Giinnell, Hall,
Charles IM. Hams, Ilolman, Ilutchins, William Johnson,
Julian, Kalbfleisch. King, Knapp, Knox, Lazear, McAllis-
ter, McDowell, Mclndoc, William H. Miller, Nelaon,Odell,
Pike, Pruyn, Kndford, Samuel J. Kandall, Alexander H.
Rice, Rohint-on, Seofteld, Smith, Spalding, Starr, Strouse,
Stuait, Sweat, Thomas,' Townsend, Voorhecs, Wilder,
Winfield, Benjamin Wood, and Yeaman—53.
So the bill was passed.
Pending the roll-call,
Mr. MOORHEAD stated that Mr. Nelson
was paired off will) Mr. Scofield.
Mr. PRUYN stated thathewas paired off with
Mr. Spalding, otherwise he would have voted
in the negative.
Mr. PERRY stated that Mr. Steele, of New
Jersey, was detained at home by sickness.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And thereupon, at forty-five minutes past five
o'clock, p. m., the House took a recess until seven
and a half o'clock, p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at seven and a half
o'clock, p. m.
ARRIVALS XN THE UNITED STATES.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of State, showing
the number, ages, &c., of passengers arriving in
the United States by sea*, which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
f; UNPAID TREASURY DRAFTS.
■ Mr. PRUYN, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, asked leave to report a bill in relation
to certain drafts issued by the Treasurer of the
United States in satisfaction of warrants which
are outstanding unpaid.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let the bill
be read.
The bill was read. The first section enacts
that all amounts which are represented by drafts
issued by the Treasurer of the United States
prior to July 1, 1861, to facilitate the payment
of warrants directed to him for payment, and
which may remain outstanding unpaid on the
1st of July, 1865, shall be entered or covered
into the Treasury, to the credit of the parties re-
spectively in whose favor- they were issued, and
to the credit of an appropriation account to be
lcept by the First Comptroller and First Auditor
for the redemption of outstanding drafts, &c.,
and the amounts of the drafts entered or covered
in, are to be considered as a permanent appro-
priation for the satisfaction of such unpaid drafts.
The second section enacts that the drafts, the
amounts of which shall have been so entered or
covered in, shall be counter-entered in the ac-
counts of the Treasurer, Assistant Treasurers,
designated depositaries, collectors, or receivers,
on whom they were originally drawn for pay-
ment.
The third section enacts that the bonafide holder
of any draft, the amount of which shall have been
so entered or covered into the Treasury, shall, on
presenting it to the First Auditor, be entitled to
have it paid, by settlement of account or warrant,
according to the practice in other cases of claims
against the United States.
The fourth section enacts that at the termina-
tion of four years after this act shall begin to
operate the provisions thereof shall apply to all
similar drafts which may then remain outstand-
ing unpaid for four years or more.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I inquire
whether the bill was ever referred to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means.
Mr. PRUYN. It was before the committee.
It came from the Secretary of the Treasury, ac-
companied by a very brief letter, which I ask to
have read, in order to explain the object of this
bill.
Mr.WASHBURNE, oflllinois. I do not know
howthe Committeeof Ways and Means gotjuris-
diction of this matter. I have no objection to the
bill being introduced now and referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
The letter from the Secretary of the Treasury
was read,as follows:
Treasury Department, February 24, 1865.
Sir : Under the present law, and consequently the prac-
tice of the Treasury, the various drafts of the Treasuier
and Assistant Treasurers and Depositaries that may not,
for any leason, be presented for payment,prevent a proper
settlement of their several accounts; and consequently
whatever settlement is made must be, to that extent, im-
perfect upon their hooks.
To oliviate this scuous difficulty, I have the honor to
submit the dratt of a bill, which directs that all amounts
repiesemed by unpaid drafts outstanding more than tour
years shall be coveied into the Treasury to the credit of the
several payers of the drafts, and thereafter such drafts will
be paid upon a settled account, passing through the hands
of the proper accounting officers of the Treasury. I re-
spectfully request the early action of the committee in re-
gatd to the bill.
I am, very respectfully,
W. P. FESSENDEN",
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. T. Stevens, Chairman Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the bill be referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, with permission to report at any time.
Mr. PRUYN. Very well.-
The bill was so referred.
Mr. PRUYN. I now ask to report back the
bill from the Committee of Ways and Means.
The SPEAKER. The gentlemen from New
York will state whether he is authorized to report
this bill from the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. PRUYN. Yes, sir.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. I am justi-
fied ill saying that the Committee of Ways and
Means have bad no meeting on this subject, and
the gentleman is not authorized to report this bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will remem-
ber that during the last Congress and also during
the first session of the present Congress, the same
question was raised upon the Illinois ship-canal
bill, reported by the gentleman from Illinois and
afterward re-reported. The Chair then stated,
after examining the precedents, that all he can ask
of a member is, "Are you authorized to report
the bill?" Ifhe replies that he is, the Chair can-
not go behind that statement.
Mr. GARFIELD. The same decision was
made a few days ago on the bill increasing the
pay of officers m the Army.
The SPEAKER. A number of instances could
be referred to.
Mr. PRUYN. Mr. Speaker, I wish simply to
say that this bill was brought here at the request
of the Secretary of the Treasury, to facilitate the
office business of his Department. In closing
up accounts with depositaries it often happens
that there are drafts outstanding, so that it is im-
possible to get the accounts closed on the books.
The Secretary of the Treasury desires the pas-
sage of this bill, in order that when such drafts
are presented they may be placed to the credit
of the parties, and the account closed.
Mr. PRICE. I desire to ask the gentleman
from New York a question. I wish to know
whether the object sought to be accomplished by
this bill is simply to enter upon the books of the
Treasury Department a credit to the parties hold-
ing the drafts, or in favor of whom the drafts may
be drawn—the amount of the drafts to be drawn
at any subsequent period by the holders of the
drafts, or those to whom they may be transferred.
Mr. PRUYN. That is the object. Theamount
of the drafts will be paid to whomever may pre-
sent them properly indorsed.
Mr. HOOPER. I hope, Mr. Speaker, that this
bill will be referred as proposed, to the Committee
of Ways anil Means, with leave to report at any
time. Let the committee have action upon it. It
can be reported in the morning. It appears to me
that this course will answer every purpose. I
hope that my colleague on the committee [Mr.
Pruyn] will withdraw his proposition, and allow
the reference to be made.
Mr. PRUYN. I cannot do that after what
has occurred. In the course which I have taken
1 have acted on behalf of and by the authority
of the committee. It inay have happened that tire
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper]
was not present at the meeting of the committee.
I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time. Being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time and passed.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Cobb, one
of their clerks, announced that the Senate had
insisted on their sixth amendment, disagreed to
by the House, to the bill (H. R. No. 683) mak-
ing appropriations for the support of the Army
for the year ending June 30, 1866; and had ap-
pointed Messrs. Cow an, Wilson, and Carlile,
a committee of conference on the part of the
Senate.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the House ap-
point a committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to.
LUCY A. RICE.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am re-
quested, Mr. Speaker, to ask the House to take
up joint resolution of the Senate No. llG.for the
relief of Mrs. Lucy A. Rice, late of Richmond,
Virginia. Mrs. Rice is the lady who, in Rich-
mond, secreted our prisoners of Streight's_com-
mand. In doing this she was not only subjected
to considerable expense, but she did it at tlierisk
of property and life. She afterward lied from
Richmond and came to Washington. She is now
here in a state of great destitution. This is the
information which I have obtained from a Sena-
tor who well understands all the facts. The joint
resolution proposes to appropriate to this patriotic
lady §1,500. I ask unanimous consent that the
bill be now taken up and acted on.
Mr. PENDLETON. I ask that the bill may
be read.
The bill was read.
In consideration of her patriotic services it
appropriates to Mrs. Lucy A. Rice, her heirs or
administrators, §1,500.
Mr. PENDLETON. Is it designed to put
this joint resolution upon its passage at this time?
Tiie SPEAKER. The Chair so understands.
Mr. PENDLETON. To that I must object.
I have no objection to the takingupthe joint res-
olution for reference.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
suspend the rules for the purpose of taking this
joint resolution from the Speaker's table for con-
sideration at this time.
The motion to suspend the rules was agreed to.
The joint resolution was taken up, and read a
first and second time.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be
read a third time; and was read the third time,and
passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the joint resolution
was passed; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table; which latter motion was
agreed to.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania, and Mr.
STILES, respectively asked and obtained leave
i of absence for the remainder of the night's session
| CALIFORNIA AND OREGON RAILROAD.
| Mr. McBRIDE moved that the Committee of
* the Whole be discharged from the further con-
I sideration of a bill (H. R. No. 691) to authorize
and aid in the construction of a railroad connect-
! ing the Pacific railroad, in California, with the
i Columbia river, in Oregon, and Puget sound,
for the purpose of proceeding to its consideration
at this time.
The motion was agreed to.
The question was upon ordering the bill to be
engrossed and rend a third time.
Mr. KERNAN. What committee reported
this bill ?
Mr. McBRIDE. The select committee on the
Pacific railroad.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. How much
land is granted1 want to know how much land
is taken away from our soldieis.
Mr. McBRIDE. The grant is the same as
! that made to the Pacific Railroad Company on
