THE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
festion was made by the general that if the War
department would relieve him fiom personal re-
sponsibility the money would be placed in the
hands of the Government; and it will appear from
the testimony which is to be herewith submitted
that the War Department refused to relieve Gen-
eral Butler or receive the njoney; and he has been
compelled from that day to this to k.eep it, in order
that he might save himself from personal respon-
sibility either to the Government or to Samuel
Smith.
I-now present and ask the Clerk to read the cor-
respondence between Mr. Pierrepont, counsel of
Mr. Smith, and General Butler.
The Clerk rca,d, as follows:
Treasury Department, February 29, 186 i.
Pear Sir: Samuel Smith, of Saiatoga county. New
York, formtuly puvate banker in Now Oilcans, has a claim
for $'50,000 iu gold used by Geneial Builer hi 186J for pay-
ment of his troops m New Orleans. J wutethis in the
Treasury Depaitnient with the letter of General Butler to
the Secretary before me ; it is dated July 2, 18G& It was
supposed by the Secieiaiy that a- the "letter of Geneial
JButler staled that the money was used to pay the troops,
that the credit (or that §50,01)0 would be found m Paymas-
ter General's or Auditor's office, 1 have this day been
oyer the accounts with the cleiks, and no mention of the
money appears. Will you do me the favor to say to what
pay master ibis money was given, and in what accounts
tins §.'>(),000 should appear? J am the counsel of Mi.
Smith, and the Paymaster General suggests tun as tin;
quickest way to leain what paymaster had the money.
"Your leiler of July 3,18G2, only states the fact that the
money was; paid to your Wops without naming this, what
paymaster.
The accounts «f Hewitt, Sherman, Locke, and Usher,
have ail been examined, and we find no account of it.
Will you do iih' the f'.tvoi to jcply to tins at my i evidence,
10,'  Filth avenue, New Voile city, and much oblige,
Voim*, very respectfully,
  EDWARDS PIERREPONT.
Major General Butlkr.
Treasury Department, March I), 1P611
General: When I had thr honor to addles you on tiie
29<h ultimo, 1 was not as well advised as now. As coun-
sel foi Samuel Smith St Co., ulio-e ^0\),uou in gold wa*
taken in New (>ilr-an<, and which manor \ ou bad tenured
to the Trea>ury, together wilh all the pnpets, I have had
cas** examined, and have produced All. Smith and had hi*
deposition with otheis tak«-u hei <, and filed. 1 had lo.ielicd
the point when I had supposed the money would be paid
over, and the Secretary undeiiook to find to what eiedit it
stood, ami noi being able lo find out, at the suggestion of
the Pay macier Geneial, I wrote to you.
Now I have just (ruined irom the Sreretaiy of War more
about Ihe matter. Will you do me the (avoi to mfonn me
who ha.-, (he money, ami to whom, in your judgment,!
ought to look for it.and to whom it nghlfully belongs?
L am, very respecUullv, your obedient servant,
EDWARDS PIliRKLiPONT,
lli Wall Street^ New York,
Major General Butler.
16 Wall Street, New York, Merck 15, 1P64.
General: Two weeks ago this d.iylwioto fiom Wash-
ington to learn where ihe $00,000 in gold taken Irom S.unuel
{Smith &• Co., New Oi leans, now is. I wiote with vonrsof
July 1862, directed to the Secri-taiv oi the Tieasuiy be-
fore me, la which you speak o! ihis gold ; the iettei is now
on !i!e with the report of Govci n< r Sheploy and others. I
am Samuel SmitlCs counsel. Will \ ou do me the lavor to
say what was the disposition of Mi Smith V go[<|. where it
is, and to whom, in jour judgment, It nghily belongs?
I aKo addressed you a second letter on the'^ame subject.
As I have no reply" from either, I lear that you may not have
received them.
To avoid accident I will Fend tins in duplicate, and very
respectfully await your reply.
Ever your obedient,
EDWARDS PIERREPONT,
•• Counsel for Hamuel Smith.
Major General Butler,
Headq'ks Dep't Virginia and North Carolina,
Fort Monroe, March 21, itffm.
Edwards Phrrepont, E-q.:
I am in receipt of your letter in regard to the nionry
alleged to be of Samuel Smith & Co., hankers, at New
Oilcans, up to the time of the capture of that euy by the
United Slate* forces. As you aiu awaie, I am in the''field
and have, therefore, no books oi p.ipcr.s with me relating to
foimcr transactions, and was obliged to wait until I had ex-
amined sorne memotauda before 1 could make as full an
an- wer as 1 could wish. This mu.stbc my apology foi the
delay in answering vour letteis. I am now without date-*
and amount^, but the laets and the order of sequence i am
quite sutc will be without mistake.
The ea«e of Smith & Co was as* follows: within a few
days alter my arrival in Now Oilcans I received informa-
tion that the director of the. United States mint, before
the appeaiance of the United States fleet, iiad fled up the
Ked river with Governoi T. O. Moore and a portion of tiio
mint and some of the New Oileans banks. That he had
deposited with Samuel Smith & Co., hankers, whose place
of business was next dooi to the Canal Bank and banking
liuus(',.^.V),0Cil) of the specie which belonged to the United
States, Upon fuithei examination. it appears that tho mint
dnector, finding the silver bnlkvto emryaway,had placed
a large bum with Smith & Co., who had loaned if, or a
portion of it, to the Canal Bunk, winch duiuig &ome days
just before the taking of the city of New Orleans had been
ledeemmg its circulation in specie, 'i'hat this silvei had
been paid out by the bank to its cus-tomcis and bill-holders.
That Samuel Smith & Company had received for specie
.$.">0,000 in gold m two kegs, either from tin; duecioi or
b-uik, which being simply in exchange for the money of
the United Stales, was, oi'course, "the property of the
United States, Smith & Co. having tins idea of conceal-
ing the stolen specie of the United Suites. Thereupon Z
caused Samuel Smith & Co. to be brought before me for
examination,and in thn most solemn maimer they denied as
well the exchange of the silver as the possession of the
gold or silver; knew not where there was any concealed
orconveyedawny; owned that their books would show that
they iiad no gold of any amount. I oidered their books and
papers to bo seized and examined. Finding upon their
hooks, winch had been altered and erased toi the occasion,
that the fiun had a quantity of gold,although by no means
the amount of #,.>(1,000, and feeling sure of my nitoimation,
i oidered Smith to bo sent to Font J ickson. Smith there-
upon confessed lhat the whole stoiv,therefore, had been a
lie, and that he had bucket} up. in the air sp,ice between
hissafc and the wall oi his couiitiughouse,n large amount
of gold and silvei. Upon sending there, we found the two
keg- of 000 each we weie in seal eh of, and some bag*
of gold and sliver, amounting to some fourteen or seventeen
thousand dollars nljore, Mime of which corresponded with
some of the entries on Smith & Co.'s books, i thereupon
seized the specie and held it for the use of the Govern-
ment.
Afterward, Mr. Jaeob Barker applied to me for a hear-
ing upon the que-tion of propeity and whether thoie was
probable cause ioi holding tin* gold as the pioperty of
the United States. I appointed a commission consisting
ol Geneial Shepley, iniiitui v gov ernor, Dr. Meicei, pjevi-
dent of thr liank of Louisiana, and Thomas J. Durant, (I
believe,) an eminent lawyerot New Orleans, to adjudicate
and doteuniue these questions. A full heaung was iiad,
witnesses were examined, books pioduced and examined,
and counsel heard in argument^. I icmeinher the piCM-
drnt of tin. Canal U.ink w.is e.xamnicd and made a v< ry
lame e\plan;ition of how Mi. Smith got thi  money out <>f
his hunk ami of the way he boirowed Mivei of the mint.
Smith's biother was aKo examined, who gave a Mill nnue
lame account ol ihe ;dLei atom of the hook?., and why there
appealed in the e:isii account about thai tune soman) thou-
sand dollars' vvoiih ol' Irml. ami on the next page, so many
thousand do! bus' woiih "Tin." Suffice it to -<iy lii.it aftei
a labouous examination the board lepoited that the iom-
tecn or seventeen thousand doliais ol specie was tiie prop-
eiij of Smith &. Co.,and should he given up to them, and
tli.ii thoie was eim-o foi holding the two keg-- oi ,$"2.">.000
each. 'J'his icpou with the aecompanyingdocuinents was
thmeupon Ioi watded io th>*.Tie,isiuy iJepaitm'iit at Wash-
ington. All the hinallci sums ol i'ouiteeu (housanddoll.us
oi so, anil papeis weie retmned immediately to Snnili St
Co., with Ihe exception o! about thuteen hundred dollars,
about which a dispute aiosft between Smith &. Co. and my
oihofir-, ibey avowmtr that Ihey had never received the
amount, while Smith churned that they had.
Aitet waul, belote I left.Ww Oilcan^, in oider that there
ntiylii be no just cause to suspect the inte;'iityol my offi-
ceis; I [i.uil Mr. linker (Smith's eouusel) the sum in dis-
pute, and took his icceipi. in the mean time my tioops
hadiemuuied utqiaid loi moie tiian six inouihs. and, al-
though lepenled ie(pii-ttions had been made on the Tieas-
uiy, ^lill the money had not been transmitted. Believing
that this gold belonged to the United States, as I now believe,
and then: being no difieienee at thai d.ue bctvvecH gold and
Treasuiy note>, in New Oilcans, and but little anywhere,
for lea.sons Mated in my repoits to the Tieasury i tinned
ovet this gohl fiom time'to time to my paymaster, to be paid
out to the tioops, ami it was done; and when nfterwmds
they got funds they icpaid me, and, indeed, I believe it was
advanced to them and leiurned mote ihanonee. The lea-
sons why, pi obably. you cannot find that gold, '• co nomine,
in the accounts ol Majors f lew m and U*her, was that no dif-
Icienee \\,is ma<le in paying the tioops between tiiat and
Tieasuiy note'?, and fheiehjic, tecen ing if, and retutning
it when tliev had funds, theie wouhl be no appi arauee ol it.
Von will find, theietoie, m my accounts settled .it the
Wai Ollice, that I have ehargod m\-eif with that amount
of $.">0,000, and made myselt lespon-ible to the Governmrut
for it m a final setilrnnmt ol ni\ aeeount, faking c,uc th; t
any supposed rights ol Smith &. Co. should be pit^ei ved by
a written statement filed with tiie account* in the War Office
a> well as my iopoi t to the Tiea-niiy, Jn the usual c.i- r r f
a disputed chum I should hardly have felt myselt'eailed upon
to answer to thecounsel ol one paity, to have given so full
a statement of facts; hut having taken this money as an
exeeuiive officer of the Governimmi, I have felt it my duty
to make full expositions of all the faets so far as they have
come to my knowledge and arc now within my recollection.
I may, howevoi, be peinufled to add a single lac t, wim h
will perhaps be no mfoimrition to their counsel, thai the
two brother<, Smith &Co., ere both bitter, active, and un-
repputing relic!*, who refused to take the oath of allegiance
so long as I icmained in New Orleans, and one or both, 1
believe, went to Canada to resale. If you should desne
anv other questions answered in tln^ iegaid,you have only
to piopo^e them, and if you will give me oppoitunity logo
to books and papers, I have no doubt but I can give you
sums and dates.
I have the honor to b6, veiy respectfully, vour obedient
servant, B. F. iUJTLEU,
Major Geneial Commanding.
Mr. EOUTWELL. Following that letter was
another from Mr. Pierrepont, which I ask the
Clerk to read, as well as the answer of Major
General B. F. Butler.
The Clerk read, as follows:
18 Wall Street, New York, March 26, 3864.
My Dkar gutftrai,: j atn very truly obliged by your
satisfanoiy letter icceived this hour. It fully explains the
delay by which ] have been a little annoyed. Paidonthis
suggestion; why not pass over the money to the War Of-
fice oi to the Treasury, and leave fie to such remedy there
as the Government may think fit?
They now say the money is not in their hands. Please
let me hear upon this.
Veiy uuly yours,
EDWARDS PIERREPONT.
Major Geneial Butler.
Headers Dep't Virginia and North Carolina,
Fort Monroe, March 28, 1854.
Dear Sir : Your note of theQSth instant is received, and
I am glad to be able to answer it speedily. I am much
obliged for your suggevstions. When I settled my accounts
ai the War 'Office, the question of what shall be done with
this money of Samwel Smith & (Jo. came underdiscussion,
and I then said to the Secietary of War, that as a lawyer
I supposed that I mightbe held pcisonally for the sum. and
that it he would givr me an oidei to pay over the money to
the War Office m such foiin to release me from responsi-
bility if hereafter called upon by Smith &. Co., 1 should be
glad to pay the money over, fie doubted whether this could
be done, and sufiirested the money might lie in my hands
until the Depmtmcnt was called upon loi it. and that a
piopcr memorandum should be put on file, sj that Smith
& Co's lights, it they had any.should be preserved as well
as my own. There is no difficulty in dealing with the
money now m the same way.
If the Wai Dcpaitment dnects an ouler to me to pay the
money either into the Treasury or contingent fund of the
Department, and Smith & Co., acting undei yom advice,
will give me a memoiandum stating that such payment shall
iclieve me fiom petsonul responsibility, I will give a dmU
foi the amount on the Assistant Tieasurer of the United /
States that will be honoied at once.
i think it bui right, however, that my fast letter to you
stating the facts <>t the captutc of the money should be laid
bctoic the Wai Depaitnient foi its information belbieany
ordei is made on the subject, tiansfening the funds to Smith
2c Co.
I have the honor to be, veiy respectfully, vour obedient
servant, BEN J. F. J3UTLBR,
Major General Commanding.
lion. Edwards Pierrkpont, New Yeik,
P. S. Since wilting the above note [ have icceivedfrom
my clerk a copy ol the memorandum filed at the War Office
at the time ol the settlement of my accounts of which I
have.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I ask that some further
correspondence be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
10 Wall Street, New York, JJpril 1, 1864.
My Dear General: 1 am very glad to receive your letter
of tnc sieth of Maieh. I am not one ol join enemies. That
matter will now be adjusted, and I will wnte you some
statement ol tacts of which it is evident y ou aie not apprised,
immediately alter the seizin e of the gold Smith came here;
lie was bom in Sa.atoga county, wheio hi& mother now
lives, and he has been with her heic, and in Washington,
most ol the tune since.
lie employ ed Senator Revcrdy Johnson and myself as his
counsel; as the younger man I have been the inoieactive. ,
The icport of the commissioners which you appointed
clearly established beyond all controversy that the gold he-
longed to Smith. The commissioners so lepoit; and the
evidence relumed with the repoit abundantly established
the conclusion.
These paper-*, with your letter of July 2,1802, are now in
the Treasuiy Department, and I have complete copies of
•them all. I took Mi. Smith to Washington,and Ins depo-
sition was taken at great length and is now on file with the
other papeis". Mr. Smith is u Yankee, bom of a Yankee,
bied a Yankee, lia«? taken the oath of allegiance, and is aa
true and loyal as you or 1. lie lias not been in Canada at
all, he tin d in the fright and tenor which prevailed in New
Otlean-s to save his j)i opeity inpart. J)r Mercei, who acted
on the commission, is now here. I am tiuly glad thatthia
matter is about to be adjusted. Not cveiy one who has been
in the ease ha«* the same desire to have it quickly .settled as
i have. My own view about the case is this: I think it
quite clear that yon could not successfully resist n suit in
New Yoik biought by Smith to iceoverwhateverdanuigcs
he can p-ove. 1 think the tiue way to settle it is for you to
pay Smith and take a release, with the assent of the War
Depaitnient. if you agree w ith me I will see that it is done
in Mich way as you shall sec is hbciai and just. I await
yom ipply.
Ever tiuly yours,
EDWARDS PIERREPONT.
Major General Butler.
rfj>ril 4, 1854.
My Dear Sir: I can only repeat my offei that whenever
the War Department will order the money paid over to your
client, and he shall give me a release, my diaft for tiie
amount will be foixxatdsd. I am giad to hear that Mr.
Smith is loyal. His conversion I trust is sinceie. For
youisell, 1 thank you lot vour expiessions of kindness and
confidence, and while they are veiy giutitying indeed to
one who has been so much maligned as i "have been, yet
you will see in this transaction i have so lived as to defy
my enemies. Allow me, my dear sir. tuither to say liEx
iino dlsceomncs.,, Fot a while you w ill confess toy ourself
that you doubted my action in this business. Inmaswill-
mg that every act of my official life shall be as thoroughly
investigated as this may be. Theiefore you will see that
while 1 am obliged for the friendly feeling which prompted
you to desire this ease '*quiekly*ettled, "still if those who
desired otherwise had had their way 1 should have been
as well pleased, because conscious of having endeavored
to do my duty. An attack upon me in this ease would have
failed, and thus answeicd a thousand others to which no
reply can ever be othei wise made. Upon the point of law
which you suggest, paidon me if i differ from a lawyer &o
distinguished usyouioelf. I do not believe that h military
comnjimder in a captured city, taking money (contraband
