1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1163
Mr. HOOPER. The rate of interest will be
the same.
Mr. PRUYN. That is right.
Mr. HOOPER. I have another amendment
which I desire to offer. I move to insert after
the word " Congress," in line nine of the second
section, the following:
And may, at his discretion,issue bonds or Treasury notes
autlionzed by this act, in payment for any requisitions I'or
materials or supplies which shall have been made by the
appropriate Department or office upon the Treasury of the
United States, on receiving notice in writing through the
Department or office making the requisition, that the owner
of the claim for which the requisition is issued desires to
subscribe for an amount of loan that wiii cover said i equi-
sition or any part tiiereof.
I would remark that that is the same proposi-
tion that was referred to by the chairman of the
committee as beingin his substitute, although not
printed.
Mr. PRUYN. I desire to call the attention of
the gentleman to a verbal correction which ought
to be made in the twenty-fifth line of the first sec-
tion. It now reads, " and the principal, or in-
terest, or both, may be made payable in coin or
in lawful money." The word " other" ought to
be inserted there after the word " or," so as to
make it read, " or in other lawful money."
Mr. HOOPER. I can see no objection to that.
Mr. PRUYN. I believe the Committee of
Ways and Means came to the conclusion that
they would not hold thatcoin is not lawful money.
[A laugh.]
Mr. STEVENS. It is just as well to leave it
as it is, because gold is not money at all now.
Mr. HOOPER. I see no objection to that
amendment, and hope that it will be adopted.
Mr. PRUYN. We came to the conclusion
that we could not hold that coin is not lawful
money, and the chairman thought with us on
that point.
The amendment suggested by Mr. Pruyn was
agreed to.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Mr. Chairman,
on a proposition of this magnitude I hod sup-
posed that the Committee of Ways and Means,
which reported tins bill to the House, would
have been prepared to have presented to the House
and to the country some groundsvn its behalf.
When the honorable gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Hooper] assumed, as he did, its pa-
ternity, knowing his ability and how conversant
he is with questions of finance, I had supposed
that some attempt at least, even in the way of
explanation, would be made. Sir, the financial
afFuiis of this country now present questions
which are secondary to no other now agitating
the public mind. The Government money or
credit is really absorbing the whole monetary
affairs of thecoa-ntry. The public credit is every-
where. The affairs of banking institutions and
of corporations, as well as of individuals, are
conducted by it. A proposition, therefore, to
add £000,000,000 on the already stupendous debt
is of that magnitude that it requires the thought-
ful consideration of this Congress and of the
people. Indeed I think it is agitating the anxious
mind of every man in the community who is
capable of appreciating its magnitude and the
inevitable effects.
Six hundred million dollars ! Never before in
our history has such a proposition been made. I
go further, and say that never in the history of any
country, ancient ormodern, has there ever been a
like proposition, of an amount so great to be voted
by any legislative body in one sum, and at one
time. Why, sir, the whole national debt of
Russia, a nation with a population of sixty mil-
lions, that has been at war more or less for a
hundred years, that has, notwithstanding our
warlike attitude, a larger standing army than our
own, has a debt of only a little over this sum.
But though so great, 1 am not prepared to say
it may not be wanted, nor that it will not be
voted, nor that it will not be borrowed. I cer-
tainly am not prepared to say that it will not be
expended. Yet it is a duty to review the whole
subject of our financial condition, that we may
have a proper understanding of this whole ques-
tion.
In the discussion of a question of this character,
if we would reach an intelligent conclusion, it is
our duty to examine thoroughly and carefully,
not only the amount of the existing debt, but
also to see whether there is not some way to ob-
tain a reduction of it instead of making the enor-
mous proposed increase.
Let us look a moment at the component ele-
ments of the debt—how it has been created—
whether the policy heretofore pursued has been
a wise one, and see whether it is not possible to
to devise ways and means, without more taxation
and without more borrowing, to hope for some
elevated, comprehensive scheme of finance that
will,from ourown substantial resources,promptly
meet the interest on the public debt, and finally
liquidate the principal. That is the duty of the
American Congress and of the American people.
Now, as to the public debt. The Secretary of
the Treasury, in his last annual report, furnished
an estimate of the public debt at the conclusion
of the next fiscal year, June 30, 1866. After re-
ferring to the erroneous estimates of his prede-
cessor, after, telling us very truthfully and frankly
the impossibility of being accurate in estimates
either of receipts or disbursements, he, however,
estimates the debt at that time to be $2,223,064,000.
Now, receiving that estimate with the same lati-
tude of allowance of other estimates from the
Treasury Department, I have taken the liberty
of adding twenty per cent, to it, to meet probable
deficiencies. That would increase it §444,000,000.
To that must be added the estimated unaudited
accounts, because I assume that m the estimates
of the public debt made by the Treasury Depart-
ment no unaudited claim, even on file in the De-
partment, is comprehended. I have reason to be-
lieve, sir, that the unaudited accounts, just, legal,
and proper, that will in due course be audited,
allowed, and paid, amount at least to $100,000,000
more. To that 1 add an estimate of the unascer-
tained valid claims against the Govei nment, those
that have not yet even been presented in form.
These I estimate at $100,000,000 more.
Then, sir, there are the State war debts. Mis-
souri, Pennsylvania, and other States have al-
ready presented their war debt claims to Congress
to be audited and settled. These claims are pred-
icated on the ground of money honestly and
legitimately expended in the maintenance of the
integrity of the general Government. Hence,sir,
if there be any claim that in my judgment is equi-
table as against the General Government, it is the
claim for reimbursement of moneys that were ex-
pended in the defense of the General Government.
These claims will amount in the aggregate to, at
least, $225,000,000. To that I will add, on similar
grounds of equity, the city, borough, and county
debts. The city of New York alone lias expended
over seven million dollars. In the year 1861, be-
tween April, 1861, when the war commenced, and
the 1st of January succeeding, under my admin-
istration as mayor of that city, $1,000,000 was
expended in the outfit and supplies of troops
sent here for the defense of the capital and for the
prosecution of this war. Adding other items, as
stated below, the total is $3,342,124,000. This I
presume must be sooner or later funded, and con-
tinuing the present policy of bonowingin cur-
rency and paying in coin, will have to be paid in
gold. 1 submit a table recapitulating these esti-
mates.
Public debt, present and prospective.
Estimate of the Secretary of the Treasury to end of next
fiscal 3ear, June 30, 18G6 $2,233,064,6/7
Add twenty percent, as probable under-csti-
mjic...:..    4-14.060,000
Estimated unaudited accounts  100,000,000
Estimated unascei taincd valid claims  100,000,000
Estimated State war debts to be assumed.., 225,000,000
Estimated city, borough, and county war
debts to be assumed  100,000,000
Estimated indemnities and reclamations  IS),000,000
3,342,104,077
This amount, payable in gold, at say 200, its   
present value, namely, §107,106,333  3,3'i:-,,
.$6,684 ,240.3M
Total  
I am not without authority in predicting that
our public debt must be paid in coin. Mr. Sher-
man, chairman of the Committee on finance in
the Senate, said to-day, on opening the debate on
the internal revenue bill, that " when I see the
money thus borrowed expended on trivial objects
I cannot but look forward to the slow and hard
process by which it must all be repaid in gold Willi
interest accumulated and accumulating. But it re-
quires no authority for the statement. Having
commenced this system of borrowing greenbacks
and-promising to repay m gold, and assuming
that the whole war debt as above aggregated must
be settled by Government, of course the same
mode of payment must be continued.
Mr. Chairman, this is the present and pros-
pective debt of the country—an enormous aggre-
gate, but an aggregate which has to be liquidated
or repudiated. I do not believe that the Amer-
ican people, under any possible circumstances,
however corrupt an Administration may be in
the,expenditure of the public money, and how-
ever reckless in the accumulation of the public
debt, will ever repudiate. Our obligations will
be met; but the inquiry may well be, how? and
when?
These questions I am not now discussing; I
am dealing with the enormous indebtedness, and,
to appreciate its magnitude, call your attention
to that of other nations.
Compare this with the public debt of the six
most powerful nations of the world; Great Brit-
ain has a public debt of $3,760,000,000; France,
$1,330,000,000; Russia, with a standing army of
eiaht hundred thousand men, has a public debt of
$733,000,000; Austria, with a standing army of
four bundled and twenty thousand men, has a
public debt of $500,000,000; Spain, with a stand-
ing army of one hundred and sixty thousand men,
has a public debt of $1,300,000,000; Prussia has
a public debt of $180,000,000. The aggregate
public debt of the six most powerful nations of
the world is $7,803,000,000^-buta trifle more than
our own.
Now, what are the causes which have led to
our great public debt? I shall be answered that
the war lias caused it. I deny it. The war has
furnished a pretext for much of it. I am aware
that armies and navies cannot be created and sub-
sisted, that Government cannot be conducted un-
der circumstances such as those under which our
Government has been conducted for the last four
years without the expenditure of a large sum of
money. And 1 am aware that from the very ne-
cessitiesof the case millions, ay, hundreds of mil-
lions, would be used under the most economical
administration of the affairs of Government that
would be possible. But were it possible to know
how every dollar of this stupendous sumhasbeen
expended, and we could know where the public
money has gone, it would be a most astounding
revelation and create a revolution in the minds of
the confiding and deluded American people. I
shall not attempt it. It is sufficient to refer to some
of the leading sources.
Undoubtedly at the head of the category, and
as the corner-stone, stands the erroneous and fal-
lacious financial system of the late Secretary of
the Treasuiy. What was that system ? Tem-
porary expedients, based upon a theory which
necessarily created a disastrous inflation of the
currency. It commenced by borrowing nearly
every dollar that the State banks had to loan, and
then, when having them in a dependent and crip-
pled condition, devised a scheme for theirdestruc-
tion by warming into being a powerful rival
backed by the power of the Government. Again,
by putting into the circulating medium of the
country an artificial element which operated to
inflate the currency. This, together with the new-
national bank currency,enhanced prices twofold,
ay, threefold; and as prices became thus largely
enhanced, of course the expenditures of the Gov-
ernment became largely and relatively increased.
Therefore I look upon the erroneous and fallacious
financial system adopted by the Treasury Depart-
ment as the head and front of the numerous causes
which have created this immense public debt.
But that is not all. Another cause may be
found in the wrong war policy that was adopted,
the immense expeditions that have been fitted out
and which have been failures, the want of appre-
ciation of the power, resources, and courage of
the enemy, and in the invention and prosecution
of enterprises totally useless and fruitless. Why,
sir, the attempts to take Richmond overland, un-
der the dictation of the fanatical crew who yelled
"On to Richmond !" cost over one hundred mil-
lion dollars. I allude, sir, to those Quixotic ex-
peditions before General Grant was called from
the West to take command of the army of the
Potomac. The same may be said of numerous
naval expeditions, the fleets and armadas which
have been fitted out to no purpose and without
result. Millions have been expended to gratify
political dependents; in the construction of worth-
