1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Several Membersv. Close the debate now.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland There are gentle-
men who wish to discuss the details of Uie bill
in a business discussion.
Mr. STEVENS. I am willing to agree lo
anything that the gentleman from Massachusetts
proposes.
Mr. HOOPER. I was going to suggest that,
by general consent, we take the vote on this bill
at one o'clock to-morrow.
Several Members. To-night.
Mr. HOOPER. I withdraw the proposition.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, of course 1
expected, having offered the substitute, to defend
that substitute m some remarks of twenty or
thirty minutes' duration. It is suggested, how-
ever, that I reserve my remarks until after the pre-
vious question is seconded. I have no objection
to that, and if any other gentleman wishes to ad-
dress the committee to-night I will postpone my
remarks.
Mr. WILSON. I suggest to the chairman of
the Committee of Waysand Means that he move
that the committee now rise for the purpose of
closing debate, and that then we have a five min-
utes'debate on amendments.
Mr. STEVENS. Very well; I will renew my
amendment in the House and.then make my
speech. I have no objection to that if it be the
sense of the committee. I therefore move that
the committee do now rise for the purpose of
closing general debate.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose, and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Littjlejohn reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had under consideration as a special
order .the bill (H. R. No. 772) to piovide ways
and means for the support of the Government,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that all general de-
bate on the bill terminate in one minute after the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union shall have resumed its consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WARD. Will the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania yield to me for a moment?
Mr. STEVENS. I will hear what the gentle-
man has to say.
Mr. WARD. I desire to say that I have been
detained from the House for some weeks by in-
disposition, and have been unable to complete
some remarks that I intended to submit. 1 ask
the House for permission to print them.
Permission was granted.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended,and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended,and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Little-
john in the chair,) and resumed the considera-
tion, as a special order, of the bill (H. U. No.
772) to provide ways and means for the support
of the Government, general debate being closed
by order of the House in one minute.
The question was taken on Mr. Hooper s
amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I propose the following as a
substitute for the first section of the bill:
That the Secretary of the Tieasury be, and is hereby,
authorized to borrow from time to time, on the ci edit of the
United States,in addition to the amounts heietofore au-
thmized.any sums, not exceeding m the aggregate $'6U0,-
000,000,anil to issue theieiorcoupon or registered bond^of
the United Stat  s?« m such form as he may presci ibe ; and
such bonds shall be of denominations not less than fifty
dollars, and may be made payable at any period not more
than foity year& horn date of issue, or may he made le-
deemable at the pleasure of the Government atany penod
not le.-s than five years noi mote than fo< ty yeau from date,
or pavable as afoie&aid, a* may be expressed upon their
face** and the interest on such bondsshall be payable semi-
annually: Provided, That-the iate of interest on any such
Load-- shall not exceed seven and three tenths pei cent,
ppr annum ; and the rate of interest shall be expired on
all sucti bonds.
The difference between (bat substitute and the
report of the Committee of Ways and Means is
this. The substitute strikes out of the first sec-
tion of the bill nil that part that authorizes the
Secretary of the Treasury to issue inteiest-beai-
in0* notes, and confines him to bonds, either cou-
pon or registered. It also provides the rate of
interest on the bonds at seven and three tenths
instead of six per cent.
The object is simply to prevent the issuing of
any notes to circulate as money, beyond the
amount now authorized by law. Under the sec-
tion, as reported by the Cummittee of Ways and
Means, the Secretai y of the Treasury would have
authority to issue $600,000,000ofTreasury notes,
not legal tender, it is true, but nevertheless notes
that might circulate as money. Their denomi-
nation should not be less than fifty dollars, as
provided by the section reported by the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means.
Now, sir, I am not in favor of authorizing the
Secretary of theTreasury to issue any more notes.
I think thattheauthority which he now has goes
far enough in that direction. I think it is our
duty, as 1 expressed on another occasion, instead
of adding to the volume of the currency, to pro-
vide some means whereby it may be reduced.
This amendment does not provide for a reduction;
it simply provides against the proposed expan-
sion.
Now, it is no answer to this objection to say
that the Secretary of the Treasury may notissue
any of these notes. The very fact of the authori-
zation of such an issue by this bill would create
an uncertain state of affairs throughout the com-
mercial cucles of the country. The knowledge
that the Secretary of the Treasury had the power
at any time to put in circulation an amount of
notes, to circulate as money, limited only by the
amount fixed in this bill, namely, {>600,000,000,
would ccrtainly unsettle very much the value of
everything that can be affected by an expansion
of the cuirency; not so much as the expansion
itself, but to a certain degree; and it does seem to
me that it would be suicidal to us to place upon
the statute-books of the country an authorization
of this kind.
I am opposed also to authorizing the issue of
any more bonds, the inteiest on which is to be
paid in coin. I think we should not pursue that
line of policy, inasmuch as the sale of the present
seven and three tenths loan is supplying all the
money that is needed. We should have some
settled policy. A constant change, either in the
character of the bonds, or of the kind of money
in which the interest is to be paid, or 111 the rate
of interest, continually operates to unsettle the
securities of the Government. If, at the com-
mencement of this war, we had established a
policy with a fixed rate of interest, defining un-
changeably the character of the money in which
that interest was to be paid, I believe it would
have been much better for the financial afians of
the Government, and that to-day our debt would
not have been so large as it is. Itis the constant
change and uncertainty of our issues; the lesort
to-day to coin,and to-morrow to paper; the resort
to-dcly to six pel- cent., to-morrow to seven and
thiee tenths per cent., and the next day to eight
per cent., as suggested by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] in his substitute—
itis this which lends to shake the confidence of the
community in all the securities of the Govern-
ment.
Mr. KASSON. I have regretted that the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Fernando Wood,]
and my colleague, [Mr. Wilson,] should take a
position, and 1 should equally regiet that any
other gentleman should take a position so de-
cidedly adverse to the policy urged in this bill
upon the committee and on the House. On the
one hand this bill is declared to be unprecedented
in its policy; on the other hand, my Colleague
[Mr. Wilson] says that this policy now pro-
posed tends to unsettle the money markets of the
country. Now, I think it will appear from a
single giance at our past legislation that both
gentlemen are equally wide of the mark. Itis
not unprecedented, because it conforms exactly to
every loan bill, after the first one, that has been
authorized since the commencement of this war.
It does not tend to unsettle the money market,
because it is exactly what the policy of the Gov-
ernment has been, and what the money market is
accustomed to in this country.
This bill has been published long enough for
every financial mail in our great commercial cen-
ters to become acquainted with its contents, nnd
I have yet to learn from any financial source oo-
center any apprehension that the policy indicated
by this bill tends to unsettle the money market or
the financial policy of the country. The bill is
put expressly upon the ground that it is whatthe
public are accustomed to; it is exactly whaf the
public expect; it is exactly what I have seerr
recommended in the money articles of four lead-
ing commercial papers, and commended as the
exact policy which the Government should pus-
sue. I had occasion formerly, on some other
financial bill, to caution the committee to becare- 
ful how it changed the policy of the Treasury
Department which has hitherto characterized the
administration of the finances of the country. I
maintain, differing entirely with the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Fernando Wood,] that
this policy has met with results entirely unex;-
pected, in the great prosperity with which it en-
abled us in this country to carry on this war.
In the beginning of the war it was announced
from the other side of the Atlantic that we could
not possibly raise the means to carry on this war
one year without resorting to the assistance of
foreign capitalists to obtain the means for our ne-
cessary expenditures; yet the very policy now
censured by the gentleman is one that has carried
the country successfully up to this time, so suc-
cessfully that the amount of debt unpaid is hardly
appreciable compared with the amount of money,
expended in satisfying the lawful demands upon
the Treasury. - - '
This money question is a delicate one; one
which I always hesitate to approach. But when
I find a bill presented in this House containing^
policy hitherto known to the country; when I
find that policy supported by the Secretary of
the Treasury, he being a man originally enter-
taining the same views as my colleague, [Mr.
Wilson,] but who now recommends this policy;
when the Committee of Ways and Means is al-
most unanimous for the policy now proposed to
the House, I submit to gentlemen that I have
reason to beg them to be careful how they attempt
to biealt down that policy and unsettle thefinan-
cial affaus of the country.
Mr. WILSON. Will my colleague allow ma
to say a word ? Of course I have not the same
means of knowing the views of the Secretary of
theTreasury as my colleague; but if I understand
the report made to Congress by that officer at tha
commencement of this session he does not favoi
the issuance of any more gold-bearing bonds.
Mr. KASSON. This bill has not only coma
from the Treasury Department, but has beemtlte
subject of repeated consultations with that De«
partment since it came to the hands of the eom-i
mittee. lldoes not necessarily result in the issu-
ing of these gold-bearing bonds; but the power to
issue such bonds was declared by the late Secre-
tary of the Treasury, and is declared by his suc-
cessor, to be a desirable alternative in any loan
bill. By vesting this power in the Secretary of
the Treasury we give him an important influence
over the money market.
My time is brief, and I must hasten on to no-
tice the suggestions which have been made about
increasing the volume of the currency. In this
bill we have limited the lowest denomination of
any character of obligations to fifty dollars.
Therefore, in the nature of things, as longas they
cannot be legal tenders they cannot swelUhe vol-
ume of the currency of the country. The pro-
priety of this measure must be patent to any gen-
tleman who will consider for a single moment the
necessity that may ause for something else besides
bonds and paper currency. Suppose that for a
single quarter the amountof gold in theTreasury
should prove to be less than was required for the
payment of the intereston ourgold-bearing bonds.
Suppose that the Government should be obliged
to go into the maiket to obtain roki. Would it
not be better, in such a case, that the Secretary
of the Treasury should have the right to effect a
temporary gold loan for the small amounts re*
quired for one fiscal quarter rather thaVi that lie
should be compelled to go into the general mar-
ket and pay whatever price might be demanded ?
Does not England issue exchequer bills for the
express purpose of reaching over these temporary
deficits 111 the Treasury? It is the custom of
every treasury department to do so; and we can-
not justly deprive ours of the power.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I move to amend
the amendment of the gentleman from Iowa by
striking out all after the word "provided;" and
I would suggest to thegentleman that perhaps he
