#00
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24.
The gentleman began by complaining of the
conduct'of the gentleman from Pennsylvania and
the gentleman from Massachusetts in making
remarks personal to himself. One who upon tins
floor had used every epithet of slander which the
most foul tongue could utter against a man who
was absent in the service of the country; a gentle-
man who had talked about "gold robber" and
"cotton speculator," and of " contraband deal-
ings ^yith the enemies of the country," an$l had
charged all that upon a gentleman who holds the
'commission and wears the epaulets of his Gov-
c ernment; that gentleman has complained that my
language was foul, and talked about its being
learned in Billingsgate and Cripplegate and New-
gate. Sir, with all the gates that the gentleman has
gone through and that he refers to, there is one
gate which the gentleman will enter which 1 shall
strive to avoid. [Great laughter.]
Mr. Speaker, for a gentleman who could hunt
through the purlieus of bawdy-houses and seduc-
tion, who could take the testimony of prostitutes
and the inmates of these vile houses, and who,
after the committee associated with him unani-
mously, he being the only exception, refused to
let that evidence see the light, could put that filthy
stuff, which ought never to be seen outside of such
places, surreptitiously, without the order of this
House, as an appendix to a minority report and
send it broadcast over the country, to talk to any
man about Billingsgate and Cripplegate! And
yet that is the condition of the gentleman from
•New York. I hope you have none of you read this
stuffy [Laughter.] 1 advise nil of you never to
read iL 1 have read but a little passage of it. It
stinks in the nostrils.
But,sir, having said thus much, I perhaps ought
to say that possibly I owe an apology to gentle-
men upon this side of the House, because when
they had, after full notice of what was to come,
opened the floodgates of Billingsgate to flood thus
House and the country, in the heat of debate and of
my feelings I may have used intemperate language.
I did feel mortified and grieved, but my feelings
are very much mollified by the evidence which
has this day so amply vindicated the high charnc-
terofMajorGeneral Butler, so far as it was brought
in issue before this morning. I admit that that
evidence has done great justice and gieat favor to
Major General Butler, for, sir, there is not a cam-
did man, there is not an honest man m this House
who will dare to say that that evidence is not a
complete and perfect vindication of Major General
Butlei from all the charges made against him by
the gentleman from New York; it not only vin-
dicates him, but shows him to have, in all his arts
and in all his correspondence, acted, not only like
an honest man and faithful officer, but like a gen-
tleman and a well-educated man. The whole of
the correspondence would do credit not only to
his heart but to his grout ability and his scholar-
fillip and his professional learning. And I will
say here that, so far as piofessiouul learning goes,
I was long ago struck with his correspondence
with the gentleman who was sent down there by
the Government, Mr. lieverdy Johnson. General
Butler showed moro ability, more knowledge of
the law of nations, and was moro correct in his
positions than that gentleman; and if Geneial
Butler's doctrine had prevailed, #800,000 hr gold,
which was seized by him, would have been kept
from supplying the rebel armies, to which it was
applied, when turned over, under the advice of
the eminent counsel to whom I icfcr.
Is thcte a word in that correspondence which
goes to show that General Butler ever designed to
appropriate to himself a dollar of the money of
those rebel Smiths?—for they are proved to be
rebels, and there is nothing to the contrary but
the remark of the gentleman fiom New York,
which, I beg leave to say, is not now evidence in
a court of justice. [Laughter.] Is there one
single act of his that does not show that he seized
it in his official capacity,and had ground tor seiz-
ing it? He found these rebels there, who had
been the agents, the aiders and abettors, of rebels,
and when he questioned them about gold, they
denied that they had a particle of it; and it was
finally found walled up in their place of business
so as to keep it concealed from the Government
of the Union. Was not that, in itself, sufficient
evidence against these men?
Contrary to the charge of the gentleman from
New York, Geneml Butler immediately repotted
the matter to the Government. HecommunicaU^i
it first to the Secretary of the Treasury, and then
to his superior officer, the Secietary of War; and
he was directed, instead of paying it over, to hold
it till the matter should be decided. How is this
making profit out of it, as the gentleman from New
York now charges, for 1 think he gives up the prin-
cipal and only sticks now to the interest ? [Laugh-
ter.] Where has the money been ? Why, some
of the communications that have been read show
that it is deposited in the sub-Treasury of the
United States, on which General Butler offered,
at any moment the Department would allow him,
to give a draft that would be honored.
Now, sir, is it the character and conduct of an
honest man, not of a high-minded, honorable man,
but of a man of common honesty, after all this,
still to persevere before the country in the charge
that General Butler is guilty of dishonesty ? No,
sir. The gentleman from New York but faintly
refers to that, and goes off about other matters,
about which nothing was said yesterday and noth-
ing has been said to-day except what he said him-
self. And he brings in the dead corpse of General
Butler's deceased brother, to malign him, without
stating a fact that anybody would believe who
had heard him before. Now, the fact is that that
brother had been in California, had been operating
in many places before he went to New Orleans,
and his fortune, instead of being the $2,000,000
that was talked about, dwindled down to less than
$200,000, as lam told. This, to be sure, is going
out of the record to answer extra testimony; and
I merely mention it so that the gentleman's state-
ment might not go alone upon the record.
The gentleman says that General Butler has
done no service to his country. Service to his
country! If it is true that he helped to kill the
Democratic party, he did a gieat deal of service to
the country. [Laughter.] 1 do not know that
fact. That took place before secession, and is,
therefore, a little further back than 1 choose to go.
But if he was wrong then, the gentleman from
New York has been going wrong ever since and
getting worse all the time, while General Butler
has been getting better and better, and is now an
excellent man. I wish to God they would all re-
form in the same way. [Laughter.] Did he not
come on in the midst of peril and seize Baltimore,
which others had failed to do? Did he not go to
New Oi leans and seize it, and administer its affairs
better, and to (he greater satisfaction of every
loyal man, than has been done since, although 1
do not draw comparisons? Talk about that be-
ing a parallel with the administration of Warren
Hastings ! All that I have to say is this: Warren
Hastings was made immortal by the talents of the
counsel who prosecuted him. He was acquitted,
as the public will acquit General Butler. The only
difference is that there has been no pure and up-
i ight and manly eloquence in this prosecution, to
immortalize General Butler, as in the case of War-
ren Hustings.
Mr. Speaker, the gentleman refers to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Boutwell,]
whom 1 do not intend to defend. He also talks
about John Brown. The gentleman well knows
that that class of people to whom he referred were
very few in the United States. None of the Re-
publican party belonged to that class. But, sir,
I will state the dilfeience between John Brown
and the gentlemnn from New York. While 1
have not a word to say in extenuation of the con-
duct of Jphn Biown, nor anything to say against
his sentence, yet, sir, there are times in the his-
tory of men when there arc such great evils that
the motives of some men who attempt, although
in an irregular manner, to eradicate those evils,
will overshadow all the irregularities in the eye
of posterity, although we here at the moment can-
not forget or forgive them. There are times,air,
when posterity will lo^k beyond the immediate
step to see where a man proposed to land, what
weie his intentions and his motives, and they
will judge according to the ulteriordesign. Now,
sir, the motive of John Brown—honest, upiight,
but mistaken in his means—no man who loves
freedom can help applauding, although none of
us would justify the means. But upon the prin-
ciple which 1 have mentioned, when the gentle-
man from New York and myself will bemoider-
ing in the dustand forgotten,oroniv unpleasantly
lemembered, the memory of John Brown, I will
vcntuie to predict, will grow brighter aud brighter
through coming ages; and the State of Virginia
itself, by its own freemen and its qwn freedmen,
will, within the lives of some now present, raise
a monument to his memory upon the very.place
where his gallows stood.
Mr. Speaker, this is also traveling a little out
of the record. But, sir, the gentleman says that
he has dealt leniently with Major General Butler
because he is a fallen man. Leniently! Why,
in view of such " leniency," i should like to ask
Beelzebub what he considers to be mercy. [Laugh-
ter.] Sir, the gentleman need not flatter himself
that General Butler is a fallen man, or requires
the sympathy of any one. His patriotism, his
talents, his acquirements will hold him aloft amid
the attacks of all his enemies. He has rendered
services and shown a patriotic intention which
will make him beloved throughout all this coun-
try. A single reverse may sometimes be endured
and deplored; but that is not to destroy a man, for
all men are liable to such reverses. Sir, I ven-
ture to declare this day, notwithstanding the re-
cent defeat of General Butler, that if the question
could be put to the loyal people of these United
States whom they would select for their next
President, a majority of them would vote for Gen-
eral Butler.
Now, sir, I do not wish to proceed much further,
and perhaps 1 ought not to have proceeded thus
far. But, sir, it seems to me a little strange that
such men as the gentleman from Massachusetts
should be rebuked by one who, after having slan-
dered, scandalously slandered, one of the great
men of the nation, after having uttered language
fouler than ever issued from the mouth of the
veriest drab that ever wallowed in Billingsgate,
must, at the sight of a man in the United States
uniform, run to this House, lay hold of the horns
of the altar, and beg its protection. [Laughter.]
I have said all that I uesire to say, and 1 with-
draw the appeal.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. Mr. Speaker, I renew the
appeal. I desire to detain the House only a very
few minutes. The gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Steven*:,] whom I have long admired for
his talents, and esteemed for his patriotism, saw
proper yesterday to impugn perhaps my motives,
as well as those of the gentlemen who voted with
me, because i moved to suspend the rules to allow
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] to
proceed; and the honorablegenileman fiomPenn-
sylvania took occasion to say that he icgrctted
that the yeas and nays had not been called, in
order that we might appear before the country as
sustaining such a motion, and that the finger of
scorn might be pointed at us. I, too, sir, regret
that the yeas and nays were not called upon the
motion. Whatever I am willing to do by myun-
recoided vote, lam ready to place upon the record.
My motives in moving a suspension of the
rules were, as I conceive, entirely praiseworthy.
The gentleman from New Yoik hud grossly as-
sailed, if the charges were untrue, a major gen-
eral of the Army and an eminent citizen of this
country. The gentleman who had been assailed
desired to be vindicated. The very evidence that
has been presented to the House shows that the
gates had been closed against him. In one of his
letters he asks Mr. Pierrepont, in substance,
" What more can I do? 1 am assailed upon this
question from all points; and how can 1 answer
the accusations that aie made? I have asked the
Secretary of War to print my letter, but that re-
quest is denied me. What more can I do?" Sir,
by my motion, 1 desired to open the gate that had
debarred General Butler from his own vindica-
tion. 1 wished to permit either the gentleman
from New York to sustain the charges, or the
friends of General Butler to vindicate his charac-
ter, so that, if the truth were m favor of General
Butler, he might come out of this ordeal brighter
and purer, and the gentleman from New York
stand convicted as a slandeier and maligner.
Those were my motives, and undoubtedly those
were the motives of the gentlemen who sustained
the motion.
Mr. Speaker, I have been an admirer of Gen-
eral Butler. I am an admirer of him to-day; and
I am proud as any man upon this floor that he
has been so successfully aud triumphantly vin-
dicated. 1 know that his vindication will beread
by the country much to his credit and honor.
i have admired what he has done at New Or-
leans, and what he has done elsewhere. I'haY©
