1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to take exchequer bills and send them home to
their families as investments, pay them in that
form of security.
I do trust that the common sense of the com-
mittee will perceive the danger of taking from the
Secretary of the Treasury a power hitherto exer-
cised with such remarkable success and with such
soundness of judgment.
I believe this meets the last arguments, so far
as I am able to meet them, offered by my friend
from Maryland and my friend from Iowa. I hope
that before we adopt a policy radically changing
the present system more serious consideration
will be given to it than can be given in a hasty five-
minute debate. I now withdraw my amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. PRUYN. I renew the amendment to the
amendment for the purpose of saying a very few
words on this subject. I probably should have
contented myself, on this branch of the question
at least, with listening to what might be said by
other members of the Houseand not. have joined
in the debate had it not been for what has occurred
on the other side of the House, and especially for
the remarks which have been made by the chair-
man of the Judiciary Committee [Mr. Wilson]
and the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Davis.]
Last year 1 think both these gentlemen united
most persistently in that measure which gave
away $300,000,000 of the legitimate circulation
which the Government might have used to the
national banks. One hundred and fifty millions
at least, and I believe that at this time perhaps
nearly two hundred millions of that $300,000,000
have already been taken up. Now, it may very
well be that with this unlimited powerof circula-
tion, as it were, given to the national banks, the
Secretary of the Treasury may need nothing more
for the purpose of carying on the affairs of the
Government; but should the amendment of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Fernando
Wood,] which is not yet before the committee,
to restrain the circulation of the national banks
and to cut off that supply, be adopted, it may very
well be that in that case the Secretary of the Treas-
ury may want the bond powers winch this bill
confers upon him.
Sir, L repeat that I should have permitted this
part of the bill to pass by had it not been for what
has occurred upon the other side of the House;
butnow that Administration members have taken
the ground that the gentleman from Maryland
and the gentleman from Iowa have taken, I feel
that I am placed in a position in regard to this
matter which is somewhat different from that
which I before occupied.
I was glad also to hear the gentleman from
Iowa state certain propositions of the same char-
acter as those which I laid before the House last
year—that this thing had commenced all wrong,
that we were wrong in the outset in the character
of the debt we had created, and that it was now
time we should retrace our steps. This opens a
larger field of discussion than I can presume even
to touch under the five-minute rule.
Mr. WILSON. Will the gentleman allow me
to interrupt him?
Mr. PRUYN. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON. A year ago I favored the
proposition submitted by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] to abandon the
gold interest-bearing form of bonds and to resort
to the payment of interest in currency. I further-
more stated somedaysago in some remarks which
I submitted to the House that I did not favor the
adoption of the present national banking system,
but voted against that system originally.
Mr. PRUYN. But last winter you voted for it.
Mr. WILSON. Last winter, when the ques-
tion was put to me whether I would continue the
old act without amendment oradoptsomeamend-
ments to it, I voted for the amendatory act, be-
cause I thought it was better than the original
one.
Mr. PRUYN. I always agreed with the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania at the head of the
Committee of Ways and Means, that we never
should have given away this large amount of cir-
culation to the national banks; and the sooner
we cut it off by adopting an amendment such as
the gentleman from New York proposes the bet-
ter for the country.
Mr. HOOPER. What about the circulation
of the State banks?
Mr. PRUYN. I did not propose to increase
the circulation of the State banks. Whatever that
circulation was at the commencement of the war
I was willing to let it stay at that, and let the Gov-
ernment come in and fill up the vacuum; instead
of which we have given away $300,000,000 of cir-
culation, and the sooner we cut it off the better.
Under these circumstances I shall vote for the
proposition of the gentleman from Iowa, by vir-
tue of which the discretionary po-wer to be given
to the Secretary of the Treasury shall be limited
in the respect which he mentions.
Mr. HOOPER. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York. I am
not surprised at the statement coming from that
side of the House, that we have begun wrong
and have continued wrong. I think the action of
the other side of the House has been consistent
with that view.
Mr. PRUYN. This evening it came from
your side of the House. Last year it came from
ours.
Mr. HOOPER. It was your statement that
we commenced wrong and continued wrong. I
must confess that I am somewhat surprised at the
proposition of the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Wilson,] and at the argument of the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. Davis ] With some knowl-
edge on this subject, it had never occurred to me
befoie that the issues under a simpleloan billcan
be used for currency, and would become currency,
the two things seemed to me so entirely distinct.
I admit that there has been an attemptto connect
the two, to some extent, in the bills which au-
thorize the compound-interest notes, which were
made legal tender for their face value. But even
these, 1 think, cease in a short time to become
currency, and are converted into loans. After
the interest has accumulated somewhat on them
the parties holding them generally reserve them
to get the benefit of the reserved interest, instead
of passing them for their face value.
Mr. PRUYN. If that be the correct view of
the matter, what is the reason of the difference in
this act, unless it is intended that the one thing
shall be different from the other?
Mr. HOOPER. This bill itself distinctly ex-
cepts the issue of anything for legal tender. 1
will send to the Clerk's desk and have read a
short extract from the report of the Secretary of
the Treasury, which I think explains the two
ideas of loan and currency.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" Failing to raise the means required in the ordinary
mode, and uiged by the conviction tiiatthe large amount
of suspended requisitions, swollen to moie than one bun-
dled and thirty million dollars, should be icduced, the Sec-
retary resolved to use all the means at his command to
pay so much, at least, as was due to our brave soldiers,
who were buffering iiom the long delay m satisfying their
just claims but stil! continuing to beive their country with
unflinching courage and uncomplaining devotion. To effect
this object he was compelled to replace the whole amount
of five per cent, notes which had been canceled, amount-
ing to more than eighty million dollars, and even slightly
to exceed that sum."
Mr. HOOPER. This was currency; legal-(
tender notes bearing interest, but a legal tender
for their face value. I wish to call attention to the
next portion of the paragraph, in which the Sec-
retary shows that there should be an issue ot
bonds, such as are now proposed, as the soldiers
wish to take them as loans. The two, in my
opinion, have'never been mixed together to be
taken as currency. They were taken as loans.
The Clerk continued the reading, asfollows:
"More fullv to accomplish his purpose, the Secretary
resolved to avail himself of a wish expressed by many
officer* and soldiers, through the paymasters, and offeied
to such as desired to receive them seven-thirty notes or
small denominations. He was gratified to find that these
notes were readilv taken in payment to a large amount,
our gallant soldiers, in many instances, not only receiving
them with alacrity, but expressing their satisfaction at be-
ing able to aid their country by loaning money to the Gov-
ernment. The whole amount of notes thus disposed of ex-
ceeded twenty million dollars.and the Secretary has great
satisfaction m stating his belief that the disposal thus made
was notonly a relief to the Treasury, but proved a benefit
to the recipients, in affording them a safe and valuable in-
vestment, and an easy mode oi transmitting funds to their
families.55
Mr. HOOPER. Now, Mr. Chairman, I wish
to say that the exigencies of the Treasury are not
less now than they were at that time. I hope
that the Secretary may have the privilege of
issuing a loan in such form as will belter meet the
exigencies of the Government.
Mr. KASSON. I would suggest to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mis Hooper] thaitlie*
committee now rise and reportthe billaftd'&merttl*'
ments to the House with the undemanding that'
the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. DAVisj^aod'
my colleague, [Mr. Wilson,] each of whom has
an amendment to propose, may propose it in t-hfc*
House.
Mr. PRUYN. I withdraw myamendment.
Mr. THAYER. I renew it for the purpose of
asking the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.'
Hooper] whether the note [a $100 compound-
mterest note] 1 now exhibit to him is currency?^
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman will pass*
it along here I will make it an investment.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HOOPER. It is a logal tender for #100; *
but about this time its value is $103.
Mr. THAYER. ltSs notlegai tender for the1
whole amount secured by it.
Mr. HOOPER. It is legal tenderfor its face,
00, but not for its full value, $103.
Mr. THAYER. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. It is gettingjate; I propose
that the committee now rise, with the understand-
ing that we go into the House simply with the;
original bill; I will then in the House offer my*
substitute, and any other gentleman that chooses^
may offer amendments. Then I will call the pre-'
vious question, and we can adjourn upon that*
until morning. •. < >
Mr. WILSON. I cannotagree to thatforthe-'
reason that if the amendment which I propose*
is adopted in its present form I desire to offer*
another to do away with the coin provision of the1
section as it would then stand. ✓
Mr. STEVENS. What I propose is for the
gentleman to offer both those amendments in the -
House.
Mr. WILSON. I desire, in connection with
that second amendment, when it comes up for
consideration, to present the views of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury upon the subject.
Mr. H1GBY. Does the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] propose that there shall
be no debate in the House when the other amend-
ments are proposed?
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Does the gentle-
man propose to allow any gentleman to offer in the-
House such amendments as he may think proper?
Mr. WILSON, i would suggest that we go-
on half an hour longer as we can.
Mr. STEVENS. Very well.
The first question was upon Mr. WjlsonV-
amendment, in the nature of a substitute for the
first section.
Mr. MORRILL. I propose to amend the first
words " Treasury notes" in their stead.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. MORRILL. I now propose to make the
same change in other portions of this section,so
that it will read:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States ofJimericain Congress assembled, That
the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby, au-
thorized to borrow, fiom time to time,on the credit of
the United States, in addition to the amounts heretofore
authorized, any sums, not exceeding iu the aggregate
$600,000,000, and to issue therefor bonds or Treasury notes
of the United States, m such form as lie may prescribe;
and so much thereof as may be issued in bonds shall be of
denominations not less than fifty dollais,and may be made
payable at any period not more than forty years from date
ot issue, or maybe made redeemable, at the pleasure of
the Government, at or after any period not le s than five
years nor more than (orty years from date, or may be made
redeemable and payable as aforesaid, as may be expressed
upon their face; and so much thereof as may be issued in
Treasury notes maybe made convertible into any bonds
authorized by this act, and may b£of Mich denominations,
not less than fifty dollars, and bear such dates and be made
redeemable or payable at &uch periods as m the opinion
of the Secretary of the Treasury may be deemed expedi-
ent. And the interest on such bonds shall be payable semi-
annually; and on Treasury notes authorized by thUacttUe
interest may be made payable semi-aunuAlly, or annually,
oi at maturity thereof, and the pi irioipfj!? or interest, or both,
may be made payable in coin or in lawful money: Provided,
That the rate of interest on any such bonds or Treasury/
notes, when pavable in coin, shall not exceed six per cent,
per annum ; and when not payable in coin, shall not ex-
ceed seven and three tenths per cent.per annum; and the
rate and character of interest shall be expressed unalisueh
bonds or Treasury notes.
The amendment was agreed to. -
Mr. PRICE. I want to know if I understand
the Committee of Ways and Means perfectly, i
supposed thatgentlemen in this Hoaae-were hon-
