THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
TI1EOFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS.. PUBLISHED BY F. & J. RIYES, WASHINGTON, D. C. .
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 2G, 1865.
New Series N6. 26.
admired him for what be has done for t,lie country.
I do not admire him for what he did at the Charles-
ton convention.
I will state here, Mr. Speaker, that if any gen-
tleman upon this floor sees proper to assail Gen-
eral Butler for his failure to capture Fort Fisher
I will move the requisite resolution, in order to
have a free fight; and I am willing to guaranty
that Major General Butler-will come out as tri-
umphantly in that matter as he has done in this.
I grant that the communication addressed by
Major General Butler to the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] smelt of blood.
A Mrmrer. No, gunpowder.
Mr. 1NGERS0LL. Gunpowder, and perhaps
no blood. I should construe that communication
into the foundation at least of a challenge. I have
great confidence in the pei sonal bravery and cour-
age of Major General Butler. Hiss character had
been grossly assailed by the gentleman from New
Yoik, and he wanted to hold him to account. So
I understood it.
Air. GOOCH. I should like t<vmake a state-
ment to the House, to come in at tnis place.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I yield to the gentleman
for that purpose.
Mr. GOOCH. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman
from New York asserted to-day, if i recollect
correctly, that Major General Butler was a man
"without fortune; that he was a lawyer in the in-
tenor of Massachusetts wiih a veiy moderate
practice. If I have not quoted him correctly he
can put me right. He does not correct me, and
I piesume theiefore thatmy statement is correct.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not hear what the gen-
tleman says.
Mr. GOOCH. I understood the gentleman
from New York to say that when Major General
Butler went into the Army he was a lawyer in
the interior of Massachusetts with moderate prac-
tice and without fortune.
Mr. BROOKS. I said without large fortune,
without much fortune. I qualified it with some
adjective, i did not say that lie was a poor man.
Mr. GOOCH. I think the gentleman said that he
was a lawyer in the interior of Massachusetts, and
of moderate practice. Now, General Butler was
a man not of great fortune, like the millionaires
of New York, to whom the gentleman has referred
in this House, but he was a man of what would
be considered in Massachusetts a liberal fortune.
He was a lawyer m that State, of high standing
and eminence, and had been for years.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Let me ask the gentleman
a question.
Mr. GOOCH. Wait till I get through.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let us hear
the question now.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. How much was General
Butler worth before he went into the Army?
Mr. GOOCH. General Butler wasalawyerof
high standing and extensive practice not only in
Lowell but inBopton and throughout the State of
Massachusetts. He had an office in Boston as well
as m Lowell, wheie he resided, within twenty-
five miles of Boston. He had one of the largest
incomes from his practice of any lawyer in Mas-
sachusetts. Yet, sir,ho sacrificed cheerfully the
lucrative emoluments of his profession and early
went into the military service to fight for his
country.
Mr. COX. With the permission of my friend
from Illinois I will make a remark. He has stated
to the House that he was an admirer of General
Butler, and especially of his military qualities. I
have never cwticised the military capacityof any
general in this House, but ftoni what has occurred
here I think there lias been an attack on General |
Grant for having removed Genera! Butler, as well !
as upon the Piesident of the United States. I '
want the gentleman fiom Illinois to call for his |
inquiry, to know whether that favorite of Illinois, ,
that favorite of the Army, is to be maligned indi-
rectly in this House. [Laughter.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. I am very happy to know
that the gentleman fiom Ohio, and I hope other
gentlemen belonging to the same party, have at
26
last come to the conclusion that General Grant is
a great general, worthy of admiration* and that
they are ready to defend him even upon the sus-
picion that he is assaulted.
Mr. COX. Will my friend join me in defend-
ing him againstattacks, open and secret, of Major
General Butler himself?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will be in favor of de-
fending and vindicating him, and of giving him
an opportunity of vindicating himself, whenever,
wherever, and by whomsoever he is assaulted.
Mr. COX. Now I ask my friend from Illinois
what General Butler meant in that letter when he
said he was removed from office because he would
not sacrifice his troops as other generals did ?
Mr. STEVENS. He did not say that.
Mr. COX. Needlessly sacrifice them.
Mr. STEVENS. He never said any such thing.
Mr. COX. It is in his letter.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a question of order. I desire to know whether
all this discussion is not out of oider, and whether
there is anything before the House which makes
it in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair very much doubts
whether it bears upon the question of appeal.
The Chairdecided yesterday that the debate must
be confined to the appeal; but the House took the
matter out of his hands by suspending the rules,
and the only question is whether that is extended
and applied to this debate.
Mr. COX. I am upon the floor, and hold it
by the courtesy of the gentleman ftom Illinois.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. That ap-
plied to the appeal taken yesterday, but this is a
new appeal.
The SPEAKER. That is true; but the Chair
will, upon this appeal, till withdrawn, allow the
same latitude that has been allowed upon the
previous appeals, from the fact that no appeal
can be taken now while there is one appeal pend-
ing, and latitude of debate has been allowed thus
far without objection.
Mr. COX. I presume my friend from Illinois
will allow me a little latitude and longitude. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania hns denied that
such a statement was made by General Butler.
I read from his letter dated "Headquarters of
the Department of Virginia and North Carolina,
Army of the James, January 8, 1865,"sent with
the compliments of Major General Butler to all
the Congressmen:
f?oIdi ms of tiie .mny of tlis Potomac I"
Mr. INGERSOLL. Will the gentleman allow
me to resume the floor?
Mr. COX. ' One paragraph, and then I will sit
down.
Mr. INGERSOLL. A short one, I hope.
Mr. COX. 1 would not have all that order
read here for the world. It would startle the
galleries. [Laughter,]
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman so seldom
asks the indulgence of the House that I hope he
will be allowed to go on. [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. My colleague craved that indul-
gence all day yesterday, and he ough t to be the last
one to say any thing about it. " 1 have lefused,"
says General Butler, " to oider the useless sacri-
fice of the lives of such soldiers, and I am relieved
from command." Why, what docs that mean?
Mr.STEVENS. Idonotknow. [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. Is itpossible the distinguished gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania comes heie and pio-
fesses his ignoiance of Major General Butler's
own rhetoric, after paying him such a handsome
compliment as he paid him to-day5 Why, the
gentleman has even nominated him for the next
President.
Mr. STEVENS. I suppose it means that he
was relieved from the command. [Renewed laugh-
ter.]
Mr. COX. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
isnotrelieved, however,from his condition. Now
I want, since my friend from Illinois, in coming
here for the purpose of defending General But-
ler, has indirectly attacked my friend General
Grant- 
Mr. INGERSOLL. The-gentleman will ho,t
assume that I desire to attack General Grant, or
that I^ave done so by any innuendoes. - - *
Mr. COX. The gentleman says he di&notm- '
tend to attack General Grant; but I notice that
the attacks made in this House without intention
are so frequent and^so dangerous that they ought
tobestopped. [Laughter.] I never knew a vio-
lent attack made here, in reference to which mem-
bers, attention being called to it, have not got
up immediately and disclaimed any intention of
making an attack.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Ifthe gentleman from Ohio
has no further questions, I must resume the floor.
Mr. COX. Onlyonemore. I want to explain
to this House precisely what General Butler
means by not ordering a useless sacrifice of life.
1 ask if it is not a direct stab at General Grant
and the army of the Potomac that honors him?
Mr. INGERSOLL. As I understand it, it
simply means, in the first place, that he did not
assault Fort Fisher, and in the second place, that
he had been suspended and'was going home.
[Great laughter.]
Mr. COX. I acknowledge that my friend's
explanation is entirely satisfactory. [Laughter.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. I was about to remark
further, when I was interrupted, that I moved tho
suspension of the rules for another purpose, and
that was that I desired that no personal encounter
should ensue between Major General Butler and
the Representative from New York, for the reason
that I desired to save to the country a great gen-
eral and to the Congress of the United States a
great legislator. [Laughter.] I now withdraw
the appeal.
NIAGARA SHIP CANAL.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now de-
mand the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the bill in relation to
a ship canal around the falls of Niagara.
Mr. SPALDING obtained the floor.
Mr. LITTLEJOHN. I ask the gentleman
from Ohio to yield to me to oiler the substitute
for the bill of which I gave notice, and which has
been printed.
Mr. SPALDING. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. LITTLEJOHN. I offer the substitute.
Mr. ARNOLD. I ask the gentleman to allow
me to oiler an amendment to the substitute, and
to ask that it be printed.
Mr. SPALDING. I yield for that purpose.
The amendment was received, and ordered to
be printed.
WASHINGTON AQUEDUCT. '
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
befoie the House a communication from the Sec-
retary of the Interior, transmittmgasupplement-
ary reportof the chief engineerof the Washington
aqueduct; which was referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. COLE, of California. I desire to enter a
motion to reconsider the vote by which the bill re-
ported by mc this morning from the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads was recomitted.
The motion was entered.
And then, on motion of Mr. LITTLEJOHN,
(at seven minutes to four o'clock, p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 25, 1865.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Bowman.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented the me-
morial of Dr. Rudolph Wieczorek, asking that
the public lands shall hencefoith not be sold,not
conveyed to any person or persons, nor given as
an equivalent for services rendered to the United
States; that no one in this Republicshall possess
land exceeding the amount of six hundred and
forty acres; that every citizen, or person who has,
