1168
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27.
est in their declarations when they stated that they
wished to reduce the volume of the currency. I
have supposed so for a long number of days and
weeks. But do they now propose to place in the
hands of the Secretary of the Treasury, or in the
hands of any other man, born or to be born, the
power to increase the currency $600,000,000 more?
Is lhat their object?
Mr.STEVENS. Itisnottheproposition ofthe
committee, only of the gentlemen who offered it.
Mr. WILSON. They are now giving the defi-
nition of the term (i or other obligations," which
all the time meant "Treasury notes."
Mr. PRICE. I supposed so. It shows the can-
dor of the gentlemen in admitting the true char-
acter of the effort in which they are engaged. I
admire their courage, but cannot much admire
their judgment.
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman will under-
stand that the bill limits itself, and excludes legal
tender of all sorts.
Mr. PRICE. 1 earnestly protest against any
power being given to any man, in the presentcir-
cumstancesof the country, to increase the volume
of the currency a single dollar. Some time ago 1
attempted, with some other gentlemen on this side
of the House, and I believe some on the other side,
to throw some restriction in the way of doing tins
very thing. Wo failed on that occasion, and we
may fail again—I cannot tell what may now be the
action of this House—but every attempt to increase
the volume of the currency up to this time has
met with no successful opposition. The volume
of the currency is already too great. As I have
before remarked in this House, the sun sets every
night upon a greater volume of currency than it
rose upon m the morning. Now, in addition to
all the legitimate means of increasing the volume
of tiie currency, it is proposed coolly and deliber-
ately, in the high council chamber ofthe nation, be-
fore the gaze oh he commercial world, to give at one
feilsvvoopanofficcrofthis Government the power
to incieuse it by the addition of $600,000,000.
Sir, if we give by this bill a power to do that, if
it should go abroad that thrre is such a power
vested in an officer here at Washington, we may
as well bid good-by to all financial prosperity or
any hope of ever seeing the end of the system now
begun. I trust that there is sufficient commercial
and financial sagacity and prudence in this House
to vote down such a proposition, and buiy it so
deep that it will never have a resurrection; not
only to consign it to " the tomb of the Capulets,"
but seal forever the tomb, so that it will not only
have no ream rection, but it will never be heard of
again in this Hall. I am utterly astonished at this
bold proposition to increase the volume of the
currency by the addition of $600,000,000, and I
shall be atiil more astonished if it receives any-
thing like a respectable vote on either side of this
House.
Mr. HOOPER. I desire to ask the gentleman
a question. Who has made a proposition to issue
§600,000,000 as currency ?
Mr. PRICE. I am glad to answer the gentle-
man. It affords me a great deal of pleasure to
irnpait lnfuimation to any gentleman not so well
informed as myself. [Laughter.] The bill pro-
poses, if I understand the English language, to
allow $600,000,000 to be issued in bonds or other
obligations; and the gentleman from Vermont,
[Mr. Morrill,] whose honesty and courage I
admire, proposes to strike out "other obliga-
tions" and insert " Treasury notes." I will say
to the gentleman from Massachusetts that this
bill proposes to give to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury the power to issue $600,000,000 of bonds or
Treasury notes, and that language grammatically
undeistood will give him the power to issue
$>600,000,000 of Treasury notes. I believe the
question is properly answered.
Mr. HOOPER. Will those Treasury notes be
currency? The gentleman said that the bill au-
thorized the issue of $600,000,000 of currency.
Mr. PRICE. If they do not pass as currency
what is the object of the bill? I have been told to-
night, as I have been told before, that these seven-
thirty notes do not pass as cuirency, But the
history of the country contradicts that statement.
We have had the proof presented m this Hall that
the seven-thirty notes do pass as currency; and the
notes proposed to be issued under this bill will
pass just readily,
Mr. MORRILL. I movcj^ro/orrtiajtoamend
by striking out in the thirty-first line the words
" seven and three tenths."
Mr. Chairman, from the very start, in relation
to legal tender and paper currency I have been,
I think, a consistent opponent of the whole scheme;
and like my friend from Iowa, I voted for the
amendment to the bank bill at the last session
because I thought it was an improvement upon the
then existing law. But when a gentleman of the
financial ability of the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Price,] last upon the floor, undertakes to convince
this House and the public that this hill authorizes
the issuance of a circulation of $600,000,000,1 am,
I confess, surprised.
Sir, I was willing to confine the provisions of
this bill so as to embrace precisely what was in-
tended. It was intended to authorize the issue of
Treasury notes bearing seven and three tenths in-
terest, and not any legal tender at all. It is not
in the power of the Secretary of the Treasury or
any banker in the world to make any such paper
as that a circulating medium. There can be no
demand for it to pay any debts, public or private.
It cannot be so used.
Mr. WILSON. I will suggest to the gentle-
man from Vermont that the notes issued by the
State banks and banking associations are not a
legal tender, nor are those of the national banks,
yet all these circulate as money.
Mr. HOOPER. Do they bear interest?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly they do not bear
interest. Tins bill would authorize the Secretary
of the Tieasury, if he were disposed to exercise
the power, to issue $600,000,000 in fifty-dollar
notes to circulate as money.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not think that it would.
All notes of banks were designed to be circulated
in times when we were making specie payments,
and they were of course redeemable in specie and
equivalent to specie. These, however, on the
contrary, are not designed to be circulated. And
they will not be circulated.
1 beg gentlemen, on this side of the House at
least, to have some confidence in the management
of the Treasury of the United States. 1 know
that the purpose of the Government is not to
issue these seven-thirty Treasury notes as circu-
lation. It is intended for the convenience of the
Department and for the convenience of the small
capitalists.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I ask the gentle-
man from Vermont whether he denies that Treas-
ury notes have been issued as circulating medium.
Mr. MORRILL. I admit, Mr. Chairman, that
the Treasury notes which we have had and made
legal tender for their face have been issued as a
circulating medium. This bill provides that there
shall be no more legal-tender notes issued,whether
bearing interest or not.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I understand that
very well; hut according to the measure of the
gentleman from Vermont there can be more cur-
rency issued under this $600,000,000, the only
difference being between making it a legal tender
,and not making it a legal tender.
Mr. MOPvRlLL. The gentleman will see that
the Treasury Department is restrained from is-
suing any more legal-tender notes.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. But the gentleman
now proposes to insert the words Treasury notes.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask them to be inserted
because that is what the Treasury Department
wants, what the Treasury is at present using most
successfully. I want to express the purpose
honestly on the face of the bill.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. The gentleman
denies the intention to issue any more currency,
and yet he proposes that the Treasury Depart-
ment shall issue fifty-dollar notes as cuirency.
Mr. MORRILL. They are to be issued in
small or laige sums as heretofore, so that they
may accommodate all classes of the public and
yet not circulate as. currency.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. The gentleman
from Iowa who expressed his surprise then was
correct.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. ^VTy friend from
Vermont, who has just taken his seat, insisted,
with some emphasis, that these Treasury notes
shall not be a legal tender. Now, nobody in this
House knows better than my friends from Ver-
mont and Massachusetts that the quality of being
a legal tender is absolutely irrelevant on the ques-
tion whether a note is cuirency or not; and if the
gentlemen wish to join issue on that point 1 wiH
yield the floor for them to do it.
I want to understand and I want to be under-
stood. It has been mentioned two or three times
that the national banks have issued one hundred
and fifty or two hundred million dollars of circu-
lating currency, not one cent of which is legal
tender. So that whether it be made legal tender
or not is irrelevant when we are trying to deter-
mine whether a piece of paper does or does not
swell the currency. Whether they bear interest
or not is equally and absolutely irrelevant, for I
know by experience, and both those gentlemen
know bv experience, that we have had in our
pocketsTreasury notes bearing interest which we
have received in exchange for other bills, and
which we have paid out, and which are currency
though they do bear interest. Therefore, the fact
that they bear interest and the fact that they are
legal tender, are irrelevant on the question of cur-
rency. What does determine is the denomination.
The smaller would more assuredly go into circu-
lation, and the higher would go less into circula-
tion. When you go up to $1,000 it is not part of
the currency in any shape; but every note of the
United States under fifty dollars, whether payable
on demand or fifty years hence, does in point of
fact enter into the currency, does pass from hand
to hand, does inflate the currency. And the bill
which has now been put into the exact shape to
express what before was its legal operation, says
on its face, in so many words, that the Secretary
of the Treasury, in his judgment, and not in ac-
cordance with our judgment, whenever the pro-
gress of events may render it necessary, may issue
$600,000,000 of Treasury notes carrying interest,
or as he shall desire them, which can be placed
to your credit in the bank, with which you can
pay your bills, and which you will carry about in
your pocket, and which will, in spite of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, increase the currency pro
tanlo.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to ask the gentleman
if he does not perceive the difference between this
proposition and the acts which make the national
bank circulation currency. Jt is that they are
made receivable for ail duties and taxes.
I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. BOUTWELL. 1 move a pro forma amend-
ment to the amendment of the gentleman from
Jowa. I desire to ask the Committee of Ways
and Means if they will not allow the bill to be
amended so as to limit the amount of Tieasury
notes to be issued to the comparatively small sum
of twenty-five to fifty million dollars. 1 think this
House, so far as it is a part of the legislative power
of the Government, ought to settle a question of
this sortfor itself. 1 can see thatit may be neces-
sary for the Treasury Department in an exigency
to avail itself of the power proposed to be con-
ferred by this bill; but I think this House, with
reference to the currency and finances of the conn-
try, ought to decide how far that power should
be exercised. For one I am not disposed to leave
it in any doubt. If we are called upon to vote
upon the question whether the Treasury Depart-
ment shall have power to issue indefinitely to the
extent of $600,000,000 Treasury notes, 1 for one
shall vote in the negative. If, however, the com-
mittee will limit the amount to be issued to
^50,000,000 I think I will vote for it.
Mr. WILSON made a remark entirely inaudi-
ble to the reporters.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Very likely it may be
so, but if the Committee of Ways and Means
think it is not, I, for 'one, am willing to grant
some additional power.
But it is ciear to my mind that these Treasury
notes are circulation. The question whether
they are circulation or not is not a question of
law, or of statute, but a question of fact. Now,
we know perfectly well that if a Treasury note
is issued to a man who does not desire to invest
in Government securities, he passes it; and it
passes from hand to hand until it comes into the
hands of somebody who does prefer to invest in
Government securities. But when it gets into
his hands, he converts it into United States bonds,
because that is more secure and better adapted
for purposes of investment. Therefore I say,
with due submission to the judgment of the com-
mittee, that these Treasury notes are circulation.
It is entirely immaterial whether they are legal
tender ci not, so far as circulation is concerned.
