1885.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of whatever nationality pay the light dues for
the support of the lights upon her coast. Wo
have for years, while supporting our system of
lights and buoys along our coast and giving the
use and benefits of them free to England, been
contributing largely to pay the expenses of her
system of lights, which is managed by a corpo-
ration.
This I have always regarded as bad policy, and
I think theGovernmantshould put upon tonnage
arriving from foreign ports, both foreign and do-
mestic, (as we must if we put it upon the for-
eign,) a tonnage duty. I think it would not be
injurious to the tonnage of the country to place
a tax upon it that should even yield as much
revenue to the Government as is now collected
from it, if it can be levied directly from the ton-
nage arriving in the United States from foreign
ports, for that would leave us even competitors
in tiie trade. If we pay it, foreigners pay it at
the same time. I suggest, too, that this would be
collected with very little or no expense or trouble,
being paid at the custom-house upon the entry of
the ship, instead of having the assessors all over
the country assessing it in half a dozen different
ways, as it is now assessed, and a great deal of
it never collected in any way.
Sir, we have imposed a tax of two dollars agal-
lon upon whisky. Suppose we had done that and
placed no tax on the imported article, what would
nave been the result? Simply that we should get
no tax, that we should make no whisky, that the
foreign article would supply the whole demand,
and the men who have invested their property in
real estate and machinery for the purpose of distill-
ing would be ruined. The same principle will hold
in regard to the tonnages of the country. If we tax
the tonnage of the country, and it has got to com-
pete with the untaxed tonnage of other countries,
the result will be that our tonnage will go, as itis
fast goin£, into the hands of foreigners, where it is
not taxed. But the same result will not come to the
owner of the tonnage that would come to the owner
of the distillery. Why, sir, he can take itanywhere
and sell it; he can whitewash it, as the phrase is,
and, as a great deal of our tonnage is being done
now, put it under foreign flags, and own it and
pay no taxes at all upon it, depriving the Gov-
ernment of all the benefits and getting rid of all
the burdens.
There are gentlemen, and many gentlemen
concerned in this species of property who will
never do this, who will notown property covered
by the Biitish or any other flag except it is the
flag of our own country; and I trust the legisla-
tion of Congress will be such that these men shall
not be driven entirely from this class of property.
It is a favorite class of property. It is a kind of
property which gentlemen who nave been engaged
m owning dislike to abandon. There is a sort of
lottery about it: sometimes it pays finely, makes
magnificent returns, and again it is a blank, it is
a failure. It is a favorite property in this country.
But, sir, within the last three years, I think,
for we have no data brought up to a recent time;
but I think when a data is brought up I shall be
found to be correct that one half of all the sea-
going tonnage of this country has gone from
under our flag. This has not been entirely ow-
ing to the legislation of Congress. English pirates
have been out preying upon our commerce. This
lias seemed to create a great hardship, and no
doubt it has been to the people owning this sort
of property; but upon the whole I am not sure
that it has not been fortunate for the country that
England lias allowed these pirates to go out and
prey upon our commerce. 1 saw it stated but a
short time since that the Admiralty of England
were compelled to haul up, dismantle, and lay up
one of her largest-class frigates requiring some-
thing like a thousand men, because they could
not ship the men to man her; and to-day England
has more men m her commercial marine than any
other country in the world. How have we got
the fifty thousand sailors that have been enlisted
in our Navy within the last three or foui yeais?
It is stated by the Secretary of the Navy that
sixty-four thousand have been enhctcd. It is
because the English pirate* have driven our flag
from the sea, have driven our seamen from the
ocean, and consequently they have gone into the
Navy of the United States. So it will be with
the English when there shall be a war between
England und a great naval Power whose cruisers
shall drive her ships to sanctuary; then, instead
of laying up a vessel for want of men, she can
man a thousand such vessels with her seamen.
It has been the policy of all enlightened states-
men to try to increase the commeicial marine of
their country. We have a navy of seven hun-
dred vessels, a navy regarded, I think, as the
most efficient for offense and defense of any navy
that has ever been wielded or controlled by one
Power; but what would the use of that navy be
to Spain or to Austria? Undoubtedly Spain or
Austria could build a navy in three or four years
as strong as ours is; but without the sailors to
man it, which they have not, and cannot procure,
it would be as harmless for offense and defense
and of as little use to them as the spear of Goliath
in the hands of General Tom Thumb. If we ex-
pcct to maintain our supremacy as a naval Power,
which I trust we do, and I trust we shall, we must
foster, we must encourage, we must build up, the
commercial marine of the country. When Na-
poleon found that he was unable or would be un-
able to maintain his colonial possessions upon
this continent against the naval power of Great
Britain, he tendered them to this country, remark-
ing to his minister that he would have them go to
a Power which was so situated as to be the rival
of Great Britain upon the sea, a Power that would
be able ultimately to dispute,-and successfully dis-
pute, the control of the seas with Great Britain;
and I trust that we shall not disappoint the expect-
ations of that great statesman in this respect.
Outside of our domestic affairs no statesman
has ever had any apprehension of a conflict upon
this continentthat would be any way troublesome
to us upon the lantf. We have always regarded
the conflicts which this country is liable to be en-
gaged in as being strictly conflicts upon the ocean.
We have upon one border the Canadas, provinces
of England, and upon the other border the ward
of Franco—the two great maritime Powers of
Europe. We are more likely to be involved in
contests with them than with any other Power.
Therefoie that contest, it" it ever comes between
either of those Powers and us, will be entirely
upon the ocean; and it behooves us to husband
our strength, to encourage the education of sea-
men, to encourage the employment of American
seamen, in order that we may be prepared when
the time shall come to enter into these contests—
as probably they will come—with the prospectof
a happy and successful termination.
I doubt very much if members upon this floor
have any idea of the taxes that have been laid
upon this species of property, which I contend,
and which almost every Senator on this floor lias
contended, ought not to be taxed at all. The
gieat lumber interests of our country were not
taxed at all in the internal revenue tax, because
the lumber of the British provinces could come in
to compete with it, and we had no authority under
the reciprocity treaty to lay any impost tax upon
that production. In the first place, there is a tax
of twenty dollars per toil upon the iron that goes
into the construction of a ship. To build a ship
of a thousand tons will take eighty tons of iron.
There is a tax of $1,600 on the iron. The duck
is taxed thirty cents a square yard, and twenty
per cent, upon that; and that is $2,GOO of a tax on
the duck necessary to put on a ship of a thou-
sand tons. Chains paying two and a half cents
per ton and anchors two cents, it will take Jf!,000
to pay the duties on the chains and anchors ne-
cessary for such a ship. The tax of sixty dol-
lars per ton on the rigging will take another thou-
sand dollars, making more than seven thousand
dollars in gold that is paid upon the leading ar-
ticles that go into the construction of a ship;
whereas in France and England, nothing that
goes into the construction of a ship is taxed; every
thing goes m free.
In England a ship may even go to the bonded
warehouse and take out goods in bond which are
subject to duty for consumption on board a ship.
Ail our ships every time tlicy fit out at home must
■ take the goods and pay the regular duties forcon-
! sumption. Then theieis a tax of three per cent.
I upon the cost of constructing the ship, and at the
j same tune an income tax must be paid upon all
i the earnings of the ship. Then there is a special
tonnage tax of ten cents per ton upon all vessels
arriving from foreign ports, which there is no com-
plaint of, and also upon coasting vessels. -If they
umke one voyago to the British provinces or to
the West Indies, the tax is double# upoo.lbeja
for the year; whereas a British.-vessel, running
from the provinces to our ports cbnstantly through
the year, paysthe ten cents but once., For a char-
ter-party, the tax is from one to ten dollars,.-ac-
cording to the amount involved in the'contract.
On every manifest of cargo there is a tax of from
one to five dollars. The sale of vessels is taxed
fifty cents on every thousand.
Th%n there is an additional tax which it is be-
lieved generally was not contemplated to be im-
posed on these vessels. It is a tax laid upbn ste&Ui-
boats and common carriers; but the larrguage is
so construed by the Department as to be applica-
ble to all coasting vessels; and that is two and a
half per cent, upon the gross earnings of the ves-
sel. If the cost of sailing the vessel, the cost of
keeping her in repair, port charges, and other
necessary expenses, shall have consumed every
cent of the gross earnings, as is very frequently
the case, then the owners must be assessed upon
their other property or other incomes; they must
pay this two and a half per cent.—an extremely
hard tax to pay. Most of the coasting vesselsaro
sailed on shares, the captain taking one half fnfr
his wages and the wages of his crew. All the
other expenses of keeping the vessel in repair and
the port charges are to be paid by the owners, and
then they are to pay two and a half per cent, upon
the gross earnings of the vesssl as a tax to tho
Government, which in many cases is more than
all the net earnings, and in the average is taking
more than a tenth of all the net earnings of the
vessel under this one single tax.
Under this state of facts, is it wonderful that
our flag is disappearing from the ocean, as disap-
pearing it is, and disappear it will, unless this
system of taxation is changed? But if our ton-
nage can be relieved from these taxes, if tonnage
dues can be collected at the custom-house every
time a vessel arrives from a foreign port, whether
foreign or domestic, then if the receipts shall be
enough to give the Government as much revenue
as they get now, I hold tha.t it will not be particu-
larly onerous against the tonnage of this country.
Why, sir,more than three fourths of all the ton-
nage employed in our foreign trade duty is foreign.
They gointoNew York or Boston,take their car-
goes, go out, and pay no duties, 110 expense, 110
tax; whereas an American ship, which is to run
the same voyage side by side, is taxed in every di-
rection. Give us even competition; it is all that is
asked. Why, sir, the tonnage of this country
ran up from 1815, when it was almost nothing, to
18G1, to be the second if not the largest in tho
world, all this time competing against the cheap
money of Europe. But it was owing to tho
superior enterprise, the superior intelligence, of
American shipmastersand seamen, who upon an
average made their voyages to and from the north
of Europe backandforth,foryearsi  succession,
in seven days less time than British shipsemployed
in the same trade. This gave them the preference
in the market, gave them the advantage in the
freight. The saving of expense by the shorter
voyages enabled our folks to compete with the
cheap money of the old country. But when wa
have got to compete with these enormous bur-
dens laid upon our tonnage by Congress, together
with the cheap money of the old country to oper-
ate against us, the result will be as it has been
and is being, to drive our tonnage from the ocean.
« I trust, Mr. President, that the committee^ wilt
examine this matter carefully,and, if I am right,
at an early day introduce a measure of relief. ^ It
is a matter that requires the careful consideration
of the committee. It is an immense interest, not
only in its value in direct money value, but 111 the
position it gives us among the nations of the
world, the power and the influence it gives abroad.
The resolution was agreed to.
KOl'SK BILL REFERRED.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 143) to facili-
tate the adjustment of certain accounts of the
American Colonization Society for the support
of captured Afileans in Liberia, was read twice
by its title and refeired to the Committee on
Finance.
MEXICAN AFFAIRS.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move to take up a resolu-
tion which was reported from the Committee on
Printing at the close of the last session but not
acted 011 for tho want of time, authorizing the
