THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
pointing of some papers relative to Mexican affairs
cbmmunicated by the Secretary of State in obe-
dience to a resolution of the Senate.
• The motion was agreed to, and the following:
^solution was considered and agreed to:
"Resolved, That the papers relative to Mexican affairs
communicated to the Senate by the President of the Uuited
States on June 20, 1864, be printed.
— - SLAVES TAKEN INTO THE ARMY.
. Mr. POWELL. I move to suspend all prior
orders and take up the'resolution I offered on
Monday last. I have prepared an amendment
which 1 think will meet the objectio-ns of Senators
on the other side of the Chamber.
Mr. WADE. I must object if that resolution
will lead to debate. 1 am anxious to take up the
unfinished business of yesterday, and proceed
witf* it until we get through with it.
Mr. POWELL. 1 do not think the resolution
will lead to debate. I have prepared an amend-
ment which I think will meet the objections of the
Senators.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the resolution sub-
mitted by Mr. Powell on the 23d instant, calling
on the Secretary of War to state why he lias not
appointed the commission required by the twenty-
fourth section of the act of February 24, 1864.
Mr. POWELL. I move to amend the resolu-
tion so as to make it read:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to in-
form the Senate whether or not he has appointed a com -
mission In each of the &lave States repiesented in Congress
♦'charged to award to each loyal person to whom a colored
volunteer may owe service a just compensation, not ex-
ceeding $300, lor each coloied volunteer," as required by
the twenty-fourth section ot" the act appioved February 24,
1864, entitled " An act to amend an net entitled ' An act
for enrolling and calling out the national force*, and tor
other purposes,' approved March 3,18GU;" and if he has
not appointed said commission, that he inform the Senate
why Up has not done so.
The amendment was adopted; and the resolu-
tion as amended was agreed to.
KI3TALIATION ON ItEBEL PRISONERS.
Mr. WADE. I rrrovc now to proceed with
the unfinished business of yesterday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business of yesterday comes up regularly at this
lime without a motion. The joint resolution (S.
R. No. 97) advising retaliation for the cruel treat-
ment of'pi isonors by the insurgents, is before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole, the pend-
ing question being on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] to the
amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Sumner.] Upon that question the Senator
from Missouri [Mr. Henderson] is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. CLARK. "With the indulgence of the
Senator from Missouri, I desire, before he pro-
ceeds, to submit an amendment which I have
drawn. It is not now rn order to offer it, but 1
ask that it be rend for information, and that it be
printed unless wo come to a vote to-day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The proposed
amendment of the Senator from New Hampshire
will be read, if there be no objection.
The amendment was read, as follows:
That Congress earnestly calls the attention of the Presi-
dent to the condition ami treatment of our prlsoneis of war
In rebel prisons and camps; and if, for reasons satisfactory
to <5r controlling the Executive, they cannot be exchanged,
desires that he should employ every means in his power,
enibiaem? Retaliation to such a degree as may be proper
and effectual to prevent the continuance and rccuirenec
of such barbarities, and to compel the insui gents to observe
the laws of civilized warlare.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This proposed
amendment will be ordered to be printed, if there
be no objection. The Chair hears none.
Mr. HENDERSON. I believe it is not in
order now, Mr. President, to offer an amend-
ment to the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not.
Mr. HENDERSON. There is only one point
in the amendment i have submitted informally,
and which has been printed, to which I wish to
call the attention of the Senate. I shall do so very
briefly. It is this: I provide in the amendment
that I design offering when it shall be in order,
that the President shall appoint a commission,
consisting of one or more persons, to proceed to
the southern States arid to examine into the con-
dition of our prisoners, and to make a faithful
yeport. I do not understand that that has been
done recently; and I do not understand that at
the time the commission proceeded there, which
was spoken of yesterday by the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] the complaints
which now prevail against the confederate au-
thorities on this subject existed; but I am very
well aware that there is ground for the com-
plaints thatare nowmade throughoutthe country
in regard to the treatment of our prisoners.
It was stated by the Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Hendricks] yesterday that this complaint did
not properly exist against the treatment'at Libby
prison. I believe, and I have always believed,
that such is the fact. I have never heard such
complaint against the treatment of prisoners at
the Libby prison. If I understand it aright, the
treatment complained of is at Andersonvilie and
at Florence and other points in the extreme South.
I think our prisoners generally have been treated
wed at Libby prison; that at least is the inform-
ation I have received, but it may be incorrect.
But, Mr. President, the question arises before
us now, what is the object, what is the design, of
the resolution pending before the Senate ? Is it
revenge, or is it for the purpose of ameliorating
the condition of our prisoners in the southern
States? I think that we can come to the point at
once, and I shall not detain the Senate, because
that is the only point in this matter: is this reso-
lution for the purpose of ameliorating the con-
dition of ourprisoners? If that be not the object,
the resolution has no legitimate object. How is
it best to accomplish that end? That is the ques-
tion. This treatment, I have no doubt, to a very
considerable extent exists. How is it best for us
to get rid of this treatment on the part of the reb-
els? If we retaliate, may they* not retaliate again
and again, until, in the. language of the President,
this becomes a revolutionary strife in which all
the principles of civilization will be entirely dis-
regarded ?
Then,assuming that the object of this resolu-
tion is to amelumUe the condition of our prison-
ers in the hands of the rebels, I ask if it is not
in accordance with the rules of civilized warfare,
and if we have not sufficiently acknowledged the
belligerent character of the rebels, to enable us
with the greatest propriety possible to appoint a
commission to proceed there and see whether
these complaints are ju^t or not? Is there any-
thing wrong in it? Have we notalrcculy entered
into an arrangement for the exchange of prison-
ers? Can we not do with them what we have
been in the habit of doing with other nations,
foreign Powers, in time of war? Let us look
back to the war of 1812. 1 find that during that
war we had an arrangement with the English
Government upon this subject, and I cannot see
why humanity does not require that we should
go just as far to ameliorate the condition of our
piisoncrs now as we then went in the war with
Great Britain. At page 354 of Twiss's Law of
Nations I find this statement:
"The cartel of JSl.'I, between Great Britain ami the
United .States, provided that Ameiiean agents might reside
at Halifax and otliei places, and Urui-h agents at vanous
placcn within the United {States. It is u*u<\l, and obvi-
ously of the last unpoitance, torcairyint? out the objects of
a cartel, that a eominis.siry of prisoneis should reside in
the eountiy of the enein>."
We had agents superintending the exchange of
prisoners residing upon British soiiafter the year
1813 and during the residue of the war of 1812.
Now, if it be the object upon our part to ame-
liorate the condition of our prisoners in the ene-
my's hands, why in the name of sense can we
not appoint, or ask the President, who has the
control of this matter, to appoint, commissioners
to go there and toexamme into thetreatmentand
condition of our prisoners, and demand of the
confederate authorities that those commissioners
be permitted to reside there and superintend this
trust? Is it not possible to do so ? Then we can
have a correct report; and if we are driven to the
dreadful thing called retaliation let us know for
what we are doing it; let it be in such a shape
that we can justify ourselves before the civilized
nations of the earth.
I cannot say to what extent thisdoctrinc of re-
taliation ought to be carried; it is impossible for
us at present to determine, because I do not know
ij how long this war will last; I cannot tell what
will be the conduct of the confederate authorities
toward our prisoners. I am not prepared to say,
as the Senator from Massachusetts does in his
amendment, that under no circumstances ought
retaliation to be adopted. I cannot go to that
extent.
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator refers to me,
I have not said that.
Mr. HENDERSON. I understand that the
amendment of the Senator goes to that extent;
that is, if the conduct of the rebel authorities
be of a very aggravated nature, if it be barba-
rous 
Mr. SUMNER. My proposition is that there
can be no imitation on our part of rebel barba-
rism in the treatment of prisoners.
Mr. HENDERSON. Then the question arises,
what is barbarity ? I would not be willing, any
more than the Senator from Massachusetts, to
starve a prisoner to death; the fact is that it is
perfectly revolting to me. Nor if, in the language
of this resolution, the rebel authorities give to our
prisoners food that is not wholesome, and thereby
cause their deaths, would I under any circum-
stances whatever adopt a policy of that sort. But
I cannot pretend to say that retaliation of some
other character, much more effectual than that,
and not disgracing us in the eyes of the civilized
world, might not be adopted which would accom-
plish all the ends that we desire.
Now, Mr. President, what is this resolution?
I must confess that I was somewhat astonished
at the introduction of it. The resolution declares
thatit is a fact known to Congress, thatthe knowl-
edge has come to us, that these things have oc-
curred; that our prisoners " have been subjected
to treatment unexampled for cruelty in the his-
tory of civilized war;" and that "its parallels'*
are only to bo found "in the conduct of savage
tribes;" that our prisoner^ have been staived to
death and assassinated; and the proposition is
made, not that we retaliate in some way which
will accomplish the end, but that we retaliate in
the same manner, retaliate with a conduct and a
treatment similar in quantity and style to the con-
duct of the rebels themselves.
Mr. BROWN. If my colleague will give way
to me for a moment, 1 desire to say that 1 think
he misapprehends the purport of the resolution
in one point. 1 think, if he will peruse it again,
he will find that auch is the rase. The resolu-
tion, as I understand it, and I was a member of
the committee which reported it, dn^s not pro-
pone that we shall proceed to-day and retaliate m
kind for every barbarity that has been inflicted
upon those of our soldiers who have been taken
prisoners, but it does propose that we shall take
a number of their prisoners now in our hands,
and, after making inquiry, subject them to treat-
ment similar to that which is persisted in against
our own men. It is a resolution looking to fu-
tuie action, to be regulated by future action on
their part as well as our part; and that is the in-
tent and that is the meaning of retaliation, as used
in the law of nations and as used between bel-
ligerents; that the same cup shall be commended
to their lips which they commend to ours, and
for the reason that they can best appreciate then
any inhumanity that may exist m it. I think
that was the intention of the committee, and I
trust they have so expressed it in their resolu-
tion.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have no doubt, from
my colleague's statement, that he is correct in ref-
erence to the intention of the Military Committee;
but I think, on examination of the resolution itself
as presented by that committee, he will find that
I am correct in the construction 1 give it., I cer-
tainly cannot mistake the proper construction of
the resolution. It asserts that certain treatment
has been bestowed 9n our prisoners of war, and
" that in the judgment of Congress it has become
justifiable and neccssary that the President should,
in order to prevent the continuance and recur-
rence of such .barbarities, and to insure the ob-
servance by the insurgents of the laws of civilized
war,resortatonce to measures of retaliation; that
in our opinion such retaliation ought to be in-
flicted upon the insurgent officers now in our
hands, or hereafter to full into our hands as pris-
oners; that such officers ought to be subjected to
like treatment practiced toward our officers or
soldiers in the hands of the insurgents, in respect
to quantity and quality of food, clothing, fuel,
medicine, medical attendance, personal exposure,
or other mode of dealing with them; that, witha
view to the same ends, the insurgent prisoners in
