11865.
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
tion before us, questions of finance, questions of
war, questions of slavery? And now 1 have pre-
sumed simply to read an extract from a letter of
an eminent artist, and a Senator calls it imper-
tinent! 1 choose, therefore, to read it again:
" At a meeting last evening of the Artists' Fund Society
—an organization comprising a majority of the artists of
this city, and ail the lending ones, with one or two excep-
tions—-"this matter was dts-cussed, and it was their unani-
mous opinion that at tins period of the country's distress
and strait for means to cany on the war. it is not expedient
or proper lor Congress* to vote any money whatever for pic-
tures or other mere decorations of the Capitol. Thebuild-
ing is aheady complete, or sufficiently so for all its essen-
tia! purposes; and in their opinion costly decorations
should be reserved for a more prosperous time, and then be
the subject ot fair competition among ali the artists."
Where is the impertinence in that statement, the
result of conversations and deliberations among
the artists of the country? I think my friend
from California would not repeat his criticism
now, when he has fully in mind the words to
which it is applicable.
Mr. CONNESS. Is the Senator through?
Mr. SUMNER. I am not. 1 said when I
began 1 had also one word in reply to the Senator
from Delaware, who insisted that there-could be
no competition among artists, or that it was im-
practicable; and 1 understood him to say that it
was not resorted to in other countries, and par-
ticularly in England. The Senator is mistaken.
The pictures which adorn the Houses of Parlia-
ment have all been placed there after a competi-
tion among the artists of England. An import-
ant commission was constituted, composed not
only of artists, but of men of literature and of tal-
ent, whose duty it was to examine all designs sub-
mitted to them and select the best. That is the
testimony of England when undertaking the or-
namentation of her Houses of Patlmment. I
think we may be instructed by that example; and.
especially may we be instructed by it when we
already have in the Rotunda of the Capitol one
picture by this very artist. One is enough. There
are many who would say that the one that is there
is more than enough.
• Mr. CONNESS. I shall not be tempted to
consume time. The Senator from Massachusetts
is a good advocate. To relieve the letter that he
has read from what 1 will repeat again as its im-
pertinent character, he presents it now in the light
of a petition to this body. J simply say to him
it cannot be viewed in that light. It is a com-
mentary by those artists upon the protetfdingsof
one of the Houses of Congress. It undertakes
to state the majority by which a certain act passed
that House, when they have no right but to know
that it is an act of that body, and they cannot
know anything else than what is officially de-
clared. But, sir, I will not pursue the subject.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator knows that was
officially declared. It was declared that it passed
the House only by four majority.
Mr. CONNESS. I simply repeat again that
the Senator from Massachusetts is an ingenious
advocate. When he gets his constituents in a
bad position he is abundantly able to relieve them
from the difficulties of that position; and he has
undertaken to do it by placing them in the atti-
tude of petitioners. 1 hope we shall now have a
vote'on the amendment proposed by the Senator
and also on the main proposition.
Mr. RIDDLE. The Senator from Massachu-
setts treated my remarks rather unfairly. The
only difference between the Senator and myself
is this: I say an artist may design pictures and
yet may not be able to execute them to perfec-
tion. For instance, the designs of all the pic-
tures in the Rotunda are very good, butany man
who has the first idea of art on looking at those
pictures would think that the same mother pro-
duced the whole of the persons represented. They
are all alike. If you look at them with an artistic
«ye you will see that their countenances and faces
are all alike. If you leave this matter open to
competition and let artists produce plans when
you do not know that they are able to execute
them, you are bound to have another bad paint-
ins; but we know that this artist can des.ign and
execute a good 0,le- „ .
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment offered by the benator from
Massachusetts, upon which the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
' Mr. SUMNER. I ask to have the amendment
reported again.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Provided, That 110 contract shall be made until after a
competition among the artists of the country, all of whom
shali have an opporiunity of ufFering themselves as can-
didates, and of exhibiting designs for llie proposed pic-
ture ; and the committee shall postpone any contract with
Mr. Powell until they shall be satisfied, after such com-
petition, that lie is the most meritorious artist.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Dixon, Farweil,
Hale, Harlan, Lane of Kansas, Mor«an, Nye, Pomeroy,
Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wilkinson, and Wilson—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Carlile, Collamer,Conness,
Cowan, Davis, Foot, Grimes, Henderson, Hendricks,
Howe, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, McDougall, Powell, Rid-
dle, Saulsbury, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Van Winkle,
Wade, nnd Willej—S3.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Clark, Doolitlle, Foster,
Haiding, Harris, Howard, Morrill, Nesinith,Ramsey, Rich-
ardson, and Wright—12.
So the amendment was rejected.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. I have another amendment
to offer. It is to strike out all of the resolution
after the word " with" in the fourth line, in the
following words:
William II. Powell, of the State of Ohio, to paint a pic-
ture for the United States, to he placed at the head of one
of the grand staircases in the Capitol, illustrative of some
naval victory ; the paiticular subject of the painting to be
agreed to by thecommitteeand the artist: Provided, JTlnit
the entire expense of said picture shall not exceed $25,000,
and $2,000 shall be paid to said William H. Powell in ad-
vance, to enable him to prepare for the work ; the re-
mainder of said installments at intervals of not less than
one year, the last installment to be retained until the pic-
ture is completed and put up.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
F. B. Carpenter,of the State of New York, for the pur-
chase of a painting now on etfiibiton m the Rotunda of the
Capitol, entitled "The Emancipation Proclamation before
the Cabinet," at a price not to exceed #20,000, to be paid
on the delivery of the painting, out of the fund appropri-
ated for the Capitol extension.
Mr. HOWE. It seems to me the question
whether we shall purchase a picture and expend
$25,000 or not is occupying a great many hours,
every one of which, at this stage of the session,
is worth more than any picture that is likely to
be produced in a great many years. I therefore
move that the resolution be laid upon the table.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 18, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Chandler, Dixon, Farweil, Hale,
Harlan, Howard, Howe, Lane of Kansas, Morgan, Porne-
roy, Slieiman, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Van Winkle,
Wilkinson, and Wilf-on—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Collamer, Conness, Cowan,
Davis, Foot, Hendricks, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Mc-
Dougall, Nesmith, Nye, Powell,Riddle, Saulsbury,Sprague,
Stewart, Willey, and Wright—19.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Carlile, Clark, Doolittle,
Foster, Crimes, Haulins, Harris, Henderson,Morrill, Ram-
sey, Richardson, and Wade—13.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question re-
curs on agreeing to the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Massachusetts.-
Mr. SUMNER. On that amendment I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 2, nays 33; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Pomeroy and Sumner—2.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Collamer, Con-
ness, Cowan, Dixon, Farweil, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale,
Hendricks. Howe, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, McDougall,
Morgan, Morrill, Nesinith, Nye.Powell, Riddle, Saulsbury,
Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Van
Winkle. Wilkinson, Willey, Wilson, and Wright—33.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Carlile, Chandler,Clark, Da-
vis, Doolutle, Harding,Harlan, Hariis, Henderson, Howard,
Lane of Kansas, Ramsey, Richardson, and Wade—15.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn. I think it is time for us to
adjourn for the session, considering the manner
in which we have been spending our time this
morning.
The motion was not agreed to.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the joint resolution.
The'yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 23, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS Messrs. Buckalew, Carlile, Collftmer, Conness,
Cowan, Davis, Foot, Harris, Hendi icks, Howard, Johnson,
Lane of Indiana, McDougaiJ, ISiesmitb, Nye, Powell, Rid-
die, Saulsbury, Sprague, Stewart, Van Winkle, Willey,and
Wrieht—23. • "
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Chandler ,-Dixon, Farweil, Hale,
Harlun, Hendernon, Howe, Morgan, fVni'Toy, Ramsey,
Sherman, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wilkinson, and
Wilson—17. ,
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Clark. DnoHule, Foster^
Grimes, Harding, Lane of Kansas, Morrill,'Riehardsoin,
and Wade—10. ...
So the joint resolution was parsed. -
PACIFIC RAILROAD SURVEYS. .. ] L
The "VICE PRES1 DENT. The morning hoar
having expired, it becomes the duty of the Chair
to call up the unfinished business of yesterday,
which is now before the Senate,
Mr. HOWARD. Before that is takeji-up,,I
ask the unanimous consent of the Senate to'ta-ke
up and pass a resolution which I sent to the-Chair
some time ago. It will not require any debate at
all. :*>
Mr. SHERMAN. These applications -are
made all around me. I think we had better, pro-
ceed with the consideration of the tax bill. This
is the last day we can have for the consideration
of that very important measure.
Mr. HOWARD. This will not consume>a
minute of lime.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will let it be readj so that
we may see what it is. - ; _ ;
There being no objections leave was gran ted to
introduce a joint resolution (S. R. No. 125) trans-
ferring maps and otherdocuments in relation to, the
surveys of the Pacific railroad to the Department
of the Interior, and it was read twice by its title.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope it will be put on its
passage. It will take but a moment.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
joint resolution. It directs thatall maps,'profiles,
and other drawings, together with estimated afld
reports connected with explorations and surveys
for the Pacific railroad made under the authority
of the Government, and all other information upon
the subject of the road in the possession of any
Department of the Government, shall be trans-
ferred to tile Department of the Interior; and it
authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to furnish
copies of them free of charge to the Union Pacific
Railroad Company so far as they may be useful
in aiding that company in determining the proper
route for their road. • ' "•
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third tirae, an4 passed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a memorial of man-
ufacturers of cigars remonstrating against an in-
crease of the tax on cheroots; which was ordered
to he on the table.
Mr. FARWELL presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Maine in favor of an extension of
the time during which that State may establish
an agricultural college; which was referred to the
Committee on Agriculture.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. COWAN, it was
Ordered, That Perkins & McMahon have leave to with-
draw their petition and papers.
On motion of Mr. SPRAGUE, it was
Orderei, That Caleb Tompkins have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. MORRILL asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
480) to authorize the erection of a custom-houso
at Island Pond, Vermont; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave to introduce a joint resolution (S.
R. No. 127)authorizing that the time for revision
of the laws of the District of Columbia be ex-
tended for and during theThirty-Ninth Congress-,
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia,
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee .on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred a message
of the President of the United States communi-
cating, in compliance with a resolution ofihe Sen-
ate of the 24lh instant, information iii regard to
the alleged enlistment in foreign countries of
