1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
our liar,ds ought to be placed under the control
and m the keeping of officers; and men who have
themselves been ptisoners in the hands of the in-
surgents, and have thus acquired a knowledge of
their mode of treating Union ptisoners; that ex-
plicit instructions ought to be given to the forces
having the charge of such insurgent prisoners,
requiring them to carry out strictly and promptly
the principles of this resolution in every case,
until the President, having received satisfactory
information of theabandonmentby the insurgents
of such barbarous practices, shall revoke or mod-
ify said instructions."
Mr. BROWN. Those last words explain the
whole resolution, showing that it is to cease at
the moment of the abandonment of the same
course on th^ir part. It is to be parallel with it.
Mr. HENDERSON. But I will call my col-
league 's attention to the fact that it is stated in the
preamble to the resolution, that 
Mr. BROWN. The preamble is no part of the
resolution; it is a simple declaration of fact.
Mr. HENDERSON. It merely explains the
circumstances on which the resolution is based.
Now, what is that preamble? it is not stated in
the preamble that it is believed by Congress that
such is the fact. I only refer to the preamble as
explanatory of the resolution; and it declares that
it has positively come to the knowledge of Con-
gross that such is the fact, and then it is said that
now the prisoners in our hands ought to be sub-
jected to this treatment until the rebels cease their
treatment. Then this is to be done at once; we
are right at once to commence this treatment be-
cause their treatment is going on, as wc are told
by the preamble, at the present time, and it be-
comes our duty, if we retaliate at all, to retaliate
at once, until (and we are only to cease the retal-
iation when) the rebels themselves cease this busi-
ness.
Now, Mr. President, let me call the attention
of my colleague to the consequences of the prin-
ciple he has stated. My colleague insists that
the very same treatment should be accorded to
the prisoners in our hands that they accord to the
prisoners in theirs. He and I agree upon the
policy of putting negro troops in the Army, and
we have ever agieed upon the proposition that
these negro troops ought to be exchanged, and that
they ought to be exchanged for white men whom
we may capture from the enemy. Now I believe
as verily as I believe any statement made in this
preamble, that the confederate authorities have
on some occasions sold into slavery negroes cap-
tured from our Army. The resolution is that the
same treatment ought to be accorded to those
prisoners whom we capture from the rebels as
they accord to ouis. Let me ask my colleague
it he would be in favor of taking an equal num-
ber of prisoners of the southern States and put-
ting them upon the block and selling them to the
highest bidder.
"Mr. BROWN. I will answer my colleague
very frankly and say that I would not, and i do
not conceive that in making thatanswerl involve
myself in any contradiction at all. I stated, not
that wc should in all cases apply the same modes
of retaliation, but I stated that tiie law of retalia-
tion justified the application, as far as might be
necessary of the extremcst modes in order to cor-
rect any such punishments inflicted on our own
ptisoners. How far 1 might deem any particular
mode desirable; how far i might deem one thing
more advantageous than another, is a question ot
judgment, upon which I should expect to exer-
cise my judgment. I simply assert that the law
of retaliation as practiced by all nations has jus-
tified extreme measures, even to the taking away
of life for the purpose of preventing inhumanity
to the prisoners that arc in the hands of the enemy.
Mr. HENDERSON. My colleague has given
the answer thatl knew he would give to my ques-
tion; and it only requires that the enormity of
this pioposition shall be fairly presented, in or-
der to satisfy every Chiistian gentleman in this
body that the resolution itself will not do. I will
not disagree with my colleague in regard to re-
taliatioinn some cases; and, m fact, he and my-
self know perfectly well that retaliation as ictal-
jation has frequency been necessary in the State
of Miffcuuii. i will give instances. The rebels
seize upon prominent citizens, Union men, in a
certain neighborhood, and we fear that their lives
Will be taken. How do wc prevent it? What
sort of retaliation do we resort to? We seize—
we have done it repeatedly there—an equal num-
ber of prominent men who belong to the other
side of the question, and notify the rebel officers
that if any harm comes to the men whom they
have arrested, punishment of an equal character
will be visited upon those whom wc have taken.
Then it is a question afterward whether we shall
carry out the threat thus made, or not. It is a
question to be determined after we have seen the
conduct of the rebel authorities toward those
whom they have arrested. It frequently, I know
generally, results in the turning loose of those
men who have been arrested. Therefore, as my
colleague lias properly said, it will not do to de-
clare that under no circumstances will we resort
to retaliation.
But he says that we may retaliate properly un-
der the laws of nations, even to the taking of life.
It seems to me that this resolution does ictaliate
to the taking of life. "What does it propose? It
says that we know peifectly, we tire perfectly
satisfied already, that the rebels have administeied
to our men food of a poisonous character, and
that thereby they have died; that wc know per-
fectly well that they have assassinated them in
cold blood, and we must turn round and do the
same thing; that wc know perfectly well that they
have exposed them to the inclemency of the
weather, and thereby caused theirdeaths; and we
must do the same thing. Mr. President, that is
not retaliation. It seems to me that it is revenge.
If my colleague will insist that it is right to re-
taliate even unto death, I say to him with ail can-
dor it would be infinitely better to take fifteen or
twenty or a hundred tebel prisoners and have
them shot down by a squad of soldiers, than to
subject them to treatment of tins character.
Again, Mr. President, I cannot give my sanc-
tion to a lesolution of this sort, because I am not
willing to have such a resolution go forth stamp-
ing the character of this great nation. This res-
olution says that the rebels have starved oursol-
diers who were ptisoners in their hands, and
therefore we will slowly starve theirs who are
in our control. What is that for? Is it to pre-
vent the same treatment in the future, 01 is it mere
revenge? If it be revenge, all will agree that it
ought not to be resorted to. There was a code
of morals laid down many years ago, which I
believe individuals as well as nations may safely,
under all circumstances, obey; and in that code
of morals 1 lememberitissaid, " Recompense to
no man evil for evil." i remember further that
in that code it is said, " Therefore, if thine enemy
hunger, feed him; if he thirst, give him drink." Is
this in accoidancc with the resolution wc arc con-
sidering? I think not. I think we arc told in
this resolution that the enemy whom we have
under our control is not to be treated in aecoid-
ance with the divine command; but that because
the rebels have starved somebody else this enemy
is to be starved.
Mr. BROWN. I would inquire of my colleague
whether he carries his doctrine to the extent ot a
condition of war, and whether he would advise
Geneial Grant and his army to piesent the other
cheek to be amit when one cheek lias been smit-
ten 3
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. President, I cer-
tainly would not. I am speaking of a very dil-
ferent thing. I say that he who is assaulted has
a perfect right to defend himself. That is a prin-
ciple which I do not think tiic Bible ever denied.
1 know perfectly well thatH is maccoidance with
the divine command, and in accoidance with our
own nature. This war has been brought against
us, and it is our duty to defend ourselves; but I
submitted the question whether it was in a spirit
of revenge or really for the purpose of preventing
' the outrages complained of, that it is proposed to
! resort to the pnneipies laid down in this resolu-
tion; and 1 am -arguing against it upon the idea
1 that it is revenge, and cannot be anything else,
j How will it accomplish anything? How is it to
I accomplish anything? Do we,by it, do anything
i else than disgrace ourselves in the eyes of the civ-
' llizcd world? I think not. Can we not make
retaliation more terrible and effective than bythu?
■■ disgracing ourselves? If the loss of life is neces-
sary, is it nor better to take these men out and
j; shoot them? Is it not better to shoot tenor fifteen
\t than thus to starve one to death? In the name of
i; God, 1 do not wish toresorttoany slowprocessof
punishment of this character* because,-I say, it
is of the very essence of revenge. You can only-
finally accomplish the death of the man. Then
why not accomplish it speedily ? Why .kill him
by inches ?- Is not that levenge? 1 haye qtioteti
from the good Book in ordqr to show that under-
no circumstanccs can we resort to revengo..
My colleague will not differ with I suppose*"
upon the subject of duty, even though we may.
differ upon this question: This resolution says
that whereas the rebels have done certain tilings;
to us which are evil, we must do likewise* Iv.
think that in that code of morale to which- i havo
referred we are taught this doctrine: " Therefor®
all things whatsoever ye would that men should
do to you, do ye even so to them." I do not
suppose that my colleague will dispute the au-
thority of thisduty by any means, and i say that,"
generally followed, it is safest for nations and
safest for individuals. It is not our duty under
the circumstances to do as others do. That is
not the proper plan; it accomplishes nothing.
The best idea in regard to this matter, in ray
judgment, is to do what we regard to beourduty,
that which is right in the eyes of all men; and
whatislhat? I say that under some circumstances
retaliation may be resorted to, but not that cruel
and barbarous retaliation which would merely
bring disgrace and odium upon nurown country.
Mr. President, I desire to state another consid-
eration. I do not believe that thesoldiers of this
country generally, if these rebel prisoners v/ero
placed in their hands, would be disposed, or that
you could compel them to adopt acourseof policy
such as is indicated in this resolution. I know-
too much of the soldiers of this country, their
magnanimity, their generosity, their spirit, and
feelings of mercy, to believe that they would
adopt any such course of policy. If retaliation
is to be resorted to, let it be resorted to in such
manner as will take the life of the individual at
once.
History records that in 1793 or 3794 the Com-
mittee of Public Safety at Paris, they themselves
being perfectly secure in that city, adopted a res-
olution making it obligatory upon the Frcnch
soldiers then in the army to shoot every linglish
prisoner the moment he was captured. A short
time after the battle of Fleures, under Pitchcgru,
some English soldiers were brought in captives
before the commanding officer, and the question
was propounded to the lieutenant who brought
them in why ho brought those English prisoners
there. " Why did you not shoot tiiemr" was
asked. lie said that his refusing to do so saved
just so much powder and ball. " But," said the
officer, '' the committee of public safety have de-
manded at our hands that this thing be done, and
I tell you that it must be done.'1 The lieutenant
promptly answered, " It is not we that will com-
mit this deed; but send them to the CommUteeof
Public Safety at Paris, and if they desire to shoot
them they can do so, and cat them too; but I
will not do it." The s<Mdiers of the Frcnch res-
olution refused to cairy out any such barbarous
deciee; it was never done by them under any cir-
cumstanccs; and I undertake to say that in con-
scqucnce of that action <>f theirs much was gained
for the humanity of the French nation, and much
perhaps of the success that afterwaid crowned
their arms was due to it. I have no question of
that.
While upon this subject, Mr. President, I may
refer to the matter ot the exchange of prisoners,
winch is also embraced in the amendment which
I propose to offer. I do not desire to reflect on
the War Depaitment, because perhaps the War
Department lias done all within its power to re-
lease our pusoners and ameliorate their condi-
tion; but it seems to mo that it is high time the
Congress of the United States should look into
the matter. According to reports, there are some
fifty or fifty-five thousand soldiers of outs who
are prisoners in southern prisons. What has
been of late years the course of civilized nations
in relation to prisoners taken in battle? Has it
not been immediately to exchange or parole them ?
It unquestionably has been. I know that the
English Government, in the war of the Revolu-
tion, said that prisoners could not be exchanged
with rebels; but the British authorities soon got
over that. They found that it was necessary to
make exchanges. "Why not let us come up boldly
to the proposition, and make these exchanges at
