1172
THE CQNGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
recruits for the military and naval service of the
United States, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
three thousand copies of a statement or table of
the Senators of the United States, with the com-
mencement and termination of the service of each,
showing the succession in each class from the
time to which this statement was brought by the
last edition of the book of the Constitution and
statistics published by W. Hickey, to the 4th of
March, 1865, reported in favor of it, and the res-
olution was adopted.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred a bill (H. R. No.
682) making appropriations for the current and
contingent expensesof thelnd^n department and
for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various In-
dian tribes for the year ending 30th June 1866,
reported it with amendments.
Mr. DIXON, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred a bill
(H. R. No. 776) concerning the Potomac bridge
and the Center market, reported it without amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (H. R. No. 787) to incorporate
the Harmony Cemetery Company, (of colored
persons,) in the District of Columbia, reported it
without amendment.
Mr. STEWART,from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred a bill (S. No.
381) in relation to swamp and overflowed lands
in the State of California, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration; which was agreed
to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred a bill (S. No. 333) for a grant of lands
in the Territories of Colorado,New Mexico,and
Arizona, to aid in the construction of a railroad
and telegraph through said Territories, asked to be
discharged from its further codsideration; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (S. No. 467) for the improve-
ment of the navigation of the Colorado river, and
the construction of wagon roads in Arizona and
Utah Territories, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of Ben-
jamin Leroy, pinying for a pension, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the resolutions of the Legislature of
Indiana in favor of granting pensions to persons
wounded and the representatives of personskiiled
in the defense of that State from the invasion by
the rebels, asked to be discharged from their fur-
ther consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referied a petition of William Croswell,pray-
ingfora pension, submitted a report accompanied
by a bill (8. No. 481) for the relief of William
Ci oswell. The bill was read and passed to a sec-
ond reading; and the report was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a petition of Mary Mcilroy, praying
for a pension, submitted a report accompanied by
a bill (S. No. 482) forthe relief of Mary Mcilroy.
The bill was read and passed to a second reading;
and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred a
bill (8. No. 378) for the relief ot c«t Lain nuu-ivuiii-
imssioned officers, privates, musicians, and artifi-
cers ofcavairy, reported it without amendment.
3Vlr. WILSON, from the Committee on Military
/ Affairs and the Mihtia, to whom the subject was
referred, reported a bill (S. No. 479) to incorpo-
^ rate a National Military and Naval Asylum for
the relief of the totally disabled officers and men of
the volunteer forces of the United States; which
was iead and passed to a second reading.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom the
subject was referred, reported a joint resolution
(S. II. No. 126) to provide for the payment of
colored volunteers recruited in South Carolina;
•which was r^ad and passed to a second reading.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on Pub-
lie Lands, to whom was recommitted the bill
(H. R. No. 710) to extend the time for the com-
pletion of certain railroads to which land grants
have been made in the States of Michigan and
Wisconsin, reported it without amendment.
HOUR OF MEETING.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, it was
Ordered, That the daily hour of meeting of the Senate
be eleven o'clock, a. m., until otherwise ordered.
COMMITTEE ON MINES.
Mr. STEWART. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to call up a resolution which
I offered some days ago to amend the34th rule of
the Senate, so that at the next session we shall
have a committee on mines. It is a very import-
ant subject, and I presume there will be no op-
position to the passage of the resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the regularorder
of business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The regular order
being called for, no other motion can be enter-
tained.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ought to say to the Sena-
tor from Nevada that the question about the or-
ganization of a new committee is one proper for
consideration at the extra session, and he will
have ample time to offer it after the 4th of March.
The VICE PRESI DENT. The subject is not
now before the Senate.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherso.v, its Clerk, announced that
he was directed by the House of Representatives
to return to the Senate, in compliance with its re-
quest, the bill (H. R. No. 761) extending the
time forthe completion of certain land-grant rail-
roads in the State of Minnesota, and for other
purposes.
The message further announced that the
Speaker had appointed Mr. E. B. Washbcrne a
member of the committee of conference on the
bill (H. R. No. 683) making appropriations for
the support of the Army for the year ending the
30th of June, 1866, in the place of Mr. Wilson,
who had been excused from service on the com-
mittee.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed the enrolled bill (H. R. No. 676) making
appropriations for the naval service for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1866; which thereupon
received the signature of the Vice President.
RAILROADS IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. HARLAN. I now ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to take up House bill No.
761, extending the time forthe completion of cer-
tain land-grant railroads in the State of Minne-
sota, and for other purposes, with a view of cor-
recting an error in it. It has just been returned
from the House for that purpose. I understand
the chairman of the Committee on Finance will
not object to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) No objection being made, the bill
will be considered as before the Senate.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the vote by
which the bill was passed be reconsidered.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I now move that the vote by
which the amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill read a third time be recon-
sidered.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I now move that the vote by
which an amendment to the amendment com-
mencing on the 8th page and terminating on the
9th, being a proviso, be reconsidered.
Mr. POMEROY. I suppose the chairman of
the committee has now accomplished his object.
He does not desire to have that vote taken now,
but only to have the motion entered.
Mr. HARLAN. We shall be through in a
moment. We wish the bill to go back to the
House. It is a matter of great interest to the
Senators from Minnesota, and I do not wish to
delay it. It can be corrected in a moment.
Mr. POMEROY. All the Senators who are
interested in it are not in. I do not object to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understood this was
merely to correct an error.
Mr. HARLAN. To correct an oversight; an
amendment which was not understood at the
time it was passed.
Mr. POMEROY. Then I have no objection
to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which was
to strike out the proviso in section six, from line
thirty-six to li ne forty-one, in the following words:
Provided, That no land sliali be granted and conveyed
to said State under the provisions of this act on account
of the construction of any railroad or pari thereof that
has been constructed under the provisions of any other
act at the date of the passage of this act, and adopted as
a part of the line of railroad provided for in this act.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall interfere
with any existing right neqnued under any law of Congress
heretofore enacted making grants of land to the State of
Minnesota to aid in the construction of railroads.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not wish that amend-
ment to be adopted. It is not that the words pro-
posed to be inserted should not be, but those
words ought not to be stricken out, and I hope
they will not be.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on reconsidering the vote by which this amend-
ment was adopted.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is now before the Senate, and the question
is on its adoption.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 now move to insert the
words that were intended to be inserted, as a
separate proviso to the sixth section:
Jlnd provided further, That nothing herein contained
shall interfere with any existing rights acquired under any
law of Congress heretofore enacted, making grnnts of land
to the State of Minnesota to aid m the construction of rail-
roads.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to have the
Senator from Iowa tell us how it stands now.
Mr. HARLAN. It restores the text of the
amendment reported by the committee, and adds
a proviso preventing any interference with vested
rights.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 have no objection to that.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed
and the bill pb be read a third time. It was read
the third tirfie, and passed.
^•-l / INTERNAL REVENUE.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.No.
744) to amend an act entitled " An act to provide
internal revenue to support the Government, to
pay interest on the public debt, and for other
purooses," approved June 30, 1864.
The Secretary continued the reading of thebill.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was on page 22, line five hundred and
thirty,in the clause proposing to amend the ninety-
fourth section of the act of last year, to insert the
following:
By inserting after the word " sewing," in the proviso to
the paragraph relating to "sails, tents, awnings,and bags,"
the words " or pasting."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary continued the reading of the bill,
as follows:
By lnsertmgat the end of the paragraph relating to stoves
and hollow-ware the following: "on railroad chairs,and
railroad and ship spikes, made of wrought iron, live dollars
per ton;" by striking out, in the second proviso of the
paragraph relating to ''rivets," the words " upon which no
duty has been assessed or paid," and inserting in lieu thereof
the woids " the duty to which it was liable;" and after the
word "loops," in the line following, inserting "not hav-
ing been paidby striking out the paiagrapli relating to
steam engines, and inseiting in lieu thereof the following
words :''on steam, loconiotive, ami marine engine6:, in-
cluding the boilers and all their parts, a doty of five per
cent, ad valorem: Provided, That when such boilers or
parts thereof shall have been once assessed and a duty pre-
viously paid thereon, the amount so paid shall be deducted
from the duties on the finished engine."
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance whether this
provision in the bill as it comes from the House
increases or diminishes the tax on railroad chairs
and spikes.
Mr. SHERMAN. It increases it. It levies
the same tax on railroad chairs and railroad and
ship spikes, made of wrought iron, as on stoves,
hollow-ware, and castings. Mostofthese amend-
ments are amendments of phraseology and trans-
positions of sections. If the Senator will take up
