THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
'once ? During that war our privatecrsmcn were
seized, and the English authorities declared that
they were guilty uf piracy, and should not be ex-
changed. Have we not done the same thing dur-
ing this war? In the early part of the war we
Convicted rebel privateersmen in Philadelphia of
piracy; but we were compelled afterward to aban-
tl6ft that policy and to exchange them. Then, if
Yte ourselves have yielded the proposition that
the rebels are belligerents—and we oughtcertainly
to yield itatonce, magnanimously,as becomesa
great nation—why shall we not proceed to ex-
change? in 1862, I find that a cartel was agreed
upon, which used this language:
"The stipulations and provisions to be of binding obliga-
tion during the continuance of the war, it matters not winch
party may have the surplus of prisoners, the groat prin-
ciples involved being, first, an equitable exchange of pris-
oners man for man, officer for olticur, or officers of higher
gfade exchanged for otfieeis of lower grade, or lor privates,
according to the scale of equivalents; second, that pri-
vatoersnien and officers and men of the different services
may be exchanged according to the same scale of equiva-
lents'; ihird} that all prisoners,of whatever arm of the ser-
vice, arc tobe exchanged or paroled m ten days from the
Vine of their capture, if it be practicable to transfer them to
their own lines in that tunc, if not, us soon thereafter as
practicable j
Remember, this is the agreement we ourselves
• entered into with the rebel authorities in 18G2—
" fourth, that no officer, soldier, or employfi in the service
of either party Is to be considered as exchanged and ab-
solved from his parole until his equivalent has actually
reached the lines of his friends; filth, that the parole for-
bids the performance of field, garrison, police, or guard,
or constabulary duty."
I am told that some misunderstanding on this
subject has arisen between our Government and
the confederate authorities; buteven in that agree-
ment there was a provision of this character:
- "And In ease any misunderstanding shall arise in regard
tu any clause or stipulation in tins torcgouig articles, it is
mutually agiecd that mich misunderstanding hhull not in-
terrupt the release of prisoners on parole as horein provided,
but shall be made the subject of friendly explanations, in
order that the object of this agreement may neither be de-
feated nor postponed."
Why has this cartel not been carried out?
W4\y is it that our prisoners have not been ex-
changed within the ten days, or as soon thereaf-
ter as practicable,as required by the cartel? Can
exchanges not be effected now? I do not know.
1 confess that I am not familiar with the conduct
of the War Departmcnton the subject,and there-
fore I am not qualified to speak; out it seems to
roc that it is worthy of investigation on the part
of the Senate to ascertain why these exchanges
have not been made. There are thousands of our
men dying in prisons, I care not how well the
rebnl authorities may treat them. And I care not
how well we may treat prisoners in our bauds,
V6 know that thousands of them must die. we
cannot give them the comforts that we ought to
do; it is utterly impossible. How many rebel
prisoners have we now? Perhaps sixty or sev-
entynhousand. Why not, then, proceed to ex-
change?
it was stated some time ago that an objection
■was presented on the part of the rebels to ex-
changing, in consequence of the fact that they
declined to exchange negro troops. Why not
proceed with the exchanges until we come to that
difficult question? And now I submit to the Sen-
ate that whenever we arrive at that point in ex-
change, how is it possible that the rebels can re-
fuse io exchange? They will not do it. Will
they not be willing to give up a negro soldier to
us for one of their men, and especially so if the
position taken the other day by the Senator from
Iowa [Mr. Harlan] is correct? Ho said that
one of their soldiers is worth to them, fighting
behind fortifications and within garrisons, two or
three of our men to us. You know, every Sen-
ator here knows, what opinion they have of negro
troops, whatever may be our opinion on that sub-
ject; and will they refuse to give up for one of
their men a negro soldier? 1 say they will not
do so.
As was stated yesterday by the Senator from
Indiana, this is a question on the part of this Gov-
ernment to its soldiers. It is a question of hu-
manity. it is aquestion that we ought deeply to
consider. Jfexchanges can be effected, they ought
to be effected. I differ from the Senator from Iowa
on that subject. 1 know that the rebels in the be-
ginning of this war had the opinion that one of their
men was worth some live or six of ours. I know
that the boast was very common in my owu State I
that every rebel soldier would be a match fur five
or six, and sometimes it was said for ten Yankees.
That delusion has passed away. The rebels them-
selves now claim no such thing. They are fully
satisfied that every man of ours is equal, if not
superior to a man of theirs. Therefore we have
nothing to lose by a fair exchange.
The only difficulty in my judgment in getting
along with this war heretofore has been that wc
have refused to march upon their soil, us was re-
cently done by General Sherman. There never
was any difficulty in going upon their soil. There
was always enough there to support armies.
There is enough to-day in Georgia to support an
army of the United States of any size whatever.
There is enough to-day in Texas to support a
United States army of three hundred thousand
men, and to support whatever rebel armies can be
put there. The difficulty has been that we have
not been enabled to release from chains and from
slavery the opinions and sentiments of men in the
southern States.
At this point of distance from the oppression
and outrages committed in that country we may
very easily imagine that men can speak their
opinions and sentiments there. Sir, it is becom-
ing so, but it has not heretofore been the case.
There was a period of time in my own State in
the beginning of this rebellion when it was dan-
gerous in my own town to speak a sentiment in
favor of the Union; and yet we had an organized
band of Union men at all times, and we on our
side had the arms and they did not have them,
liow has it been in the southern States? This
revolution was precipitated upon them, brought
upon them almost in an instantof time. The ar-
senals were ransacked, the arms were seized; those
who were determined to subvert theGovernment
constituted the power of the land. IIow was it
with the more peaceable? How was it with the
men who were really in favor of the perpetuation
of the Union? They had no arms; they had no
power to getarms. We have never been enabled
so far to relieve them. And why ? Because our
military officers heretofore have been afraid to
leave their base of supplies. Sir, we did not want
any base of supplies; there never lias been a mo-
ment since the rebellion commenced that armies
could not be maintained in any one of the south-
ern States. Itis the richest country in the world;
the ciops were then abundant, and they have
every year been abundant; and it was an easy
matter to have gone in upon the rebels at any
time, torn down the civil authorities erected in the
different States, taken possession oftheir capitals,
and encouraged the loyal men to come up and to
form the nucleus of a civil government around
which the loyal element could rally.
Sir, it is the only way yet that we shall ever
conquer the South. It is to take advantage of the
loyal element in the southern States, flow are
you to doit? You must do it as the Senator from
Indiana said yesterday—he wag very correct in
that—by doing as General Sherman has done at
Savannah, take possession of their cities; take
possession of their capitals; maintain yourarmies
upon the country; do justice as far as it is possi-
ble to do under the circumstanccs; leave private
property untouched wherever it can be done; en-
courage the loyal men to erect a civil government;
call the loyal element around you; enable them
by all the means in your power to establish and
maintain a civil government, and let them pass
the laws necessary to make the rebel property in
the country tributary to the cause of the Union.
Mr. President, how was it that we saved Mis-
souri? Missouri, I dare say, was as disloyal a
State in the beginning-as Alabama or Georgia.
How was Maryland saved ? Maryland and Mis-
souri were both saved by the Union men securing
the civil government in the State. Instead of per-
mitting rebel authorities to conscript us; instead
of permitting rebel authorities to pass laws for
the purpose of making our property tributary
to the cause of rebellion, we, having the control
of the civil government of the State, passed laws
to conscript rebels and put them into the service
on our side, and also to take possession of their
property and make it subservient to the purposes
of the Union. It was in that way that it was done.
As has been very properly stated here before by
others, thousands and thousands of the men in
the rebel armies whom we capture are mere igno-
rant, innocent conscripts who have been forced
into military service in the different States of the
southern confederacy.
1 say then, Mr. President, that I am unwilling
to resort to any such measures as this, while, at
the same time, I am unwilling to declare that un-
der no circumstances whatever will I *.o
retaliation. But why not adopt a provision some-
thing like that which I have submitted ? I do not
wish to stop short on the subject of retaliation; I
think we ought to make our voice felt as far as is
in our power on the subject of the exchange of
prisoners, if we can accomplish an exchange,
iet us do it. If we cannot, let us know the rea-
sons why it cannot be made; let us at least know
the truth. The first proposition of the amend-
ment which I have submitted, and intend to
offer at the proper time, is to let the President
appoint a commission to proceed to the South.
Will the rebel authorities refuse to receive it?
That plan was adopted between England, France,
Sardinia, and Turkey on the one side, and Rus-
sia on the other, in the Crimean war. Agents
were sent into the different countries by the re-
spective belligerents for the purpose of superin-
tending the exchange of prisoners, just as we did
in 1813 during the war with England. We had
our agents stationed on British soil at all times
during that war, ameliorating the condition of our
prisoners and producing exchanges whenever it
could be done. Can we not resort to the same
plan now? Do we iiot wish to ameliorate the
condition of our prisoners? Then let us send a
commission to the South; let us see what the facts
are. If our men have been mistreated, lethonest
commissioners go there and report the facts. Let
them go not only to one prison, but to all. Let
us see what the condition of our men has been;
what their treatment now is, and what the rebel
authorities propose to do in the future. Let us
see what the defects of the system are. Let med-
ical men of our Army who know what treatment
ought to be accorded to our prisoners go and de-
mand admission into that country. Will they
be refused ? Dare these men refuse admission to
them on an errand of mercy of this character?
No, sir, thoy dare not refuse it. They will be
admitted. The rebels dare not go before the civil-
ized world and say that they are mistreating our
soldiers who are prisoners of war in their hands,
and intend that we shall not investigate the sub-
ject. I suy, therefoie, let us appoint this com-
mission, and let us have in an authoritative way
before us the facts as to the condition of these
men, and then let our medical officers suggest, as
they ought to suggest, and as they no doubt will
do, the treatment that ought to be accorded on
our part to the prisoners in our hands.
But, Mr. President, suppose they are refused,
or suppose when they go there they find a condi-
tion such as is represented in the preamble to this
lesolution, what ilion r I apprehend that we shall
find that the rebel authorities are not exactly as
well fixed for treating kindly prisoners of war as
we are; and yet I am satisfied beyond any doubt
that they resort to deliberate cruelty upon our
prisoners, and these are the facts which I want to
get at. 1 am not willing to declare before the civ-
ilized nations of Europe that we, as a nation, will
resort to the same infamous cruelty that they have
resorted to. What, then, shall we do? Shall we
say, as 1 understand the amendment of the Sen-
atoi from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] to declare,
that when that cruelty is of the niOvS't barbarous
character we must fold our arms and do nothing?
1 am not prepared to say that. Sir, extreme,
strong measures of retaliation maybe resorted to
without staining our own hands so that all the
water of the earth would not wash it out. We
may resort to measures merely retaliatory that
will not inflict a slow, cruel, and barbarous death
upon those who are placed in oui hands.
Mr. Piesident, there is something due to our-
selves in a merciful pointof view. I do not think
that it argues the magnanimity of a nation or the
nobility of an individual to resort lo extreme and
cruel measures if they can be avoided. We are
told that mercy—
" Is mightiest in the mightiest; it becomes
The throned monarch better than his crown."
Mr. President, I believe it. Is it necessary for
us to resort to this measure? Gentlemen tell us
that the rebels do it and that we must do it. Are
we no better than they? At what are they aim-
ing? Tliey are aiming at the everlasting over-
