1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
throw of our Government. They are attempting
to divide and segregate. What are we attempt-
ing to do? We are attempting to reunite. After
wo have reunited thia country what do we want ?
We want the same feeling that once animated the
nation. We want the causes of this rebellion re-
moved. What are they? We say slavery is the
cause. Let it be removed. Let us insist upon
that in any reconstruction that may take place. I
agree most heartily to that; but when that is done
what else is to be done? Let us bring about a
cordial reunion; let us bring about the union of
hearts, the union of hands; and let us, if possible
pursue such a course that when the present exi-
gency has passed, we shall not be ashamed of
what we have done in the eyes of the world, and
so that there shall be nothing to which " the slow
unmoving finger of scorn" can be pointed in the
future. Let us resort to no measure that will lead
the rebels hereafter to point to our conduct in this
war with reproach. Let us be superior to them.
Sir, they love their own rebels and they mistreat
our men. If we mistreat rebels and love ourown
men, how much better are we than they ? " Do not
even publicans the same ?" Sir, we must not only
love the neighbor, but as far as consistent we
must love the enemy. Such a command is upon
us.
It is said you shall not be hearefrs only but you
must be doers of these commands that are put
upon you. He who heareth these things and
doeth them not, we are told, is like the foolish
man who built upon the sand, and the rams fell,
and the floods came, and the winds blew, and the
house fell, and great was the fall. Mr. President,
I believe, as I have ever believed, that the true
code of morals is the proper one to be followed.
It is to do unto others as you would that others
should do unto you. How would you have your
prisoners treated in southern pens? Would you
have them treated with kindness? If so, snail
you not treat their prisoners in your hands with
kindness? You are not commanded to do as
others do, but you are commanded to do as you
would that others should do unto you. It is not
for me to determine how far these great rules of
morality may be violated under circumstances of
this sort, but I am satisfied that, so far as we can
consistently with our own existence as a nation,
and consistently with our own salvation in the
present emergency, we ought to cling to them.
But, Mr. President, we are told by gentlemen
that if we do not resort to this course of policy,
the rebels will continue their inhuman treatment
of our soldiers who fall into their hands as pris-
oners. I think we are told that the most effectual
way of heaping coals of fire on the head of your
enemy, is to feed him, and to give him drink when
he thirsts. But it is said that if we do not resort
to this policy our men will continue to die in
southern prisons. Sir, I do not propose in my
amendment to let them inflict these punishments
with impunity. Let us send there and see what
course of conduct is being pursued. When we
ascertain that, or when they refuse to receive our
commissioners so sent, my proposition is:
If the insurgents shall refuse such authority to the com-
missioners, or having granted it. the said commissioners
sii,ill find that our prisoners are being subjected to the wan-
tonly barbarous and cruel treatment will', tl we have reason
to believe has heietoforebeen practiced b.v the utsuigents—
o treatment so shocking to the impulses of humanity and
so disgraceful to the civilization of the age—it is the opinion
of Congress that, however lepngnant itmay be to the feel-
ings ol"a Clllistian people, the I'lesiiicnt should adopt sucb
ingent I'leasiu es of retaliation, consistent \\ ith the mles
of civilized warfare, and not derogatoiy to the national
honor, as will effectually put an end to such conduct in the
future, and secure to our piisoners the treatment due to
them at the bands of a people claiming to be civilized.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. HENDERSON. Certainly.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I ask the Senator whether
he will so modify his amendment as to grant to
the confederates the same privilege to send com-
missioners or agents to inspect the prisons here
and see how their prisoners are treated?
Mr. HENDERSON. Certainly. If lain not
mistaken, it was very recently the case that, on
complaints being made by both sides, confedei ate
officers were released here and Federal officers
weie released in the South, and the confederate
officers went to New York and purchased blan-
kets to be given to their prisoners in our hands,
utid cotton'was brought from the South in older
to pay for them. Why can we not do the same
thing again? Is it not amelioration that we are
seeking? Unquestionably, if these prisoners
must remain prisoners of war during the remain-
der of the war, however long it may last—I hope
to God the war will soon have a close; but if they
are to remain for a year, or two or three years
longer, why shall we not adopt some measures
to look into their true condition and to make it
better if we can? Can we do anything toward
it? When they suffered for clothing a short time
ago, we made arrangements by which clothing
could be furnished on both sides. Is it not strictly
in accordance with humanity, is it not in accord-
ance with the better impulses of a noble nature,
that we shall again resort to the same means?
I am perfectly willing that their agents shall
come here and examine the prisons. 1 can state
to the Senator from Delaware that they will find,
when they come, that their prisoners are treated
with humanity everywhere. I have notany ques-
tion about that. The prisoners of war in our
hands have been treated with humanity. There
may be cases of civil prisoners, political prison-
ers, in which the treatment was not proper. 1
am inclined to think so,from what I have under-
stood; I cannot say that such is the fact; but I
have never heard any complaint in regard to the
treatment of the prisoners of war which we hold
in our charge from the confederates. Then let
them come, and let them report. I have no ob-
jection to it whatever. If the prisoners are to be
retained during this bloody strife for a year, or
even six months to come, let us ameliorate their
condition in every way that we possibly can.
Then, sir, I desire that the second resolution
which I have submitted shall also be adopted, in
these words:
That the President is hereby earnestly requested to urge
a speedy exchange of all our piisoncrs, white and black,
now held by the insurgents.
I say nothing about the cartel adopted. We
have already a plan adopted for the exchange of
prisoners, the same that existed between Great
Britain and our country in 1812. Let us resort
to that. We have already agreed upon it. I say
nothing about the mode and manner of exchange,
because that has been agreed upon between the
two parties.
Mr. President, if this course of policy be adopted
I have no doubt but that the condition of our pris-
oners in the southern prisons will be better to a
very great degree,and that cruelty which hasex-
istcd hcrctofuio will die away under this threat of
retaliation; and 1 wish to make no threat of re-
taliation except such as may be adopted in strict
accoidance with the principles of civilized war-
fare, and which v/ill not in any manner disgrace
the civilization of our country. I wish none other
adopted, and if we hold out none other we neither
disgrace ourselves nor foreign nations, nor shall
we heieafter look with regret upon our own con-
duct, but we shall have accomplished the end that
we have in view; we shall better the condition
of our prisoners, and save them the miserable
deaths which they aredying in southern prisons.
Therefore, sir, when the proper time arrives,!
shall offer the amendment submitted by me a few
days ago, and I hope that the Senate will consider
it favorably. I think itaccomplishes all the pur-
poses that we desire.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, as a member
of the committee which reported this joint reso-
lution I feci desirous of presenting some of the
reasons that operated upon us in submitting it to
the Senato, and also of indicating what was under-
stood, at least by myself, and I believe by others
of the committee, to be the true intent and mean-
ing of the resolution itself.
The preamble of the resolution recites a condi-
tion of facts. It tells of the cruel treatment that
our prisoners have received at the hands of the
enemy. It specifies the atrocities that have been
perpetrated upon those who have surrendered,
and details what I venture to say is the common
understanding of the country at large, the modes
and manner of dealing with our prisoners by the
enemy in the South. It is said by Senators that
we have no technical evidence before us of these
facts. That was not the view of the committee.
They considered that there was evidence before
them in the reports made by other committeesof
this body, one of which I hold in my hand. I
refer to the repoit of the committee on the con-
duct of the war, in which the horrors of the Fort
Pillow massacre and other matters connected with
the condition and treatment of our prisoners are'
detailed at great length and substantiatediw eviV
dences. I think I shall be borne out fully in the
remark when I say that that report, of which the
Senate has ordered twenty thousand additional,
copies to be printed, will confirm every allegation,
made in the preamble to this resolution. I, there- f
fore, feel that if there were nothing to rest its dec- f
larations upon other than the reports which we,'
have before this body, they would be fully anil
fairly borne out; but in addition to that, I assert
that we have the right, standing here and legis-
lating for the country, to recognize and accept and
act upon those common convictions which are
the common property of the community, and
which are as well known, evidenced by all the ac-
cepted modes of proof used among men, as coult},
possibly be the fact that daylight is here present
with us now.
Nobody can successfully call in question the
fact that atrocities of the kind cited have been
systematically perpetrated. The history of thia.
whole warshows it. The reportsof our generals
declare it. The anguished narratives of our re-
turned prisoners establish it. The common cr.jr,
of the country proceeding from so many sources *
demonstrates it in a manner that we cannot longer
doubt. Therefore I think that the quibble (if.I
may so term it) which has been raised against tha
report of the committee, that there was not evi-
dence in official form before .us of the exact con-
dition and treatment of our soldiers in southern
prisons, is unworthy of the occasion and not en-
titled to the weight which some Senators are in-
clined to give it. It was in that belief upon the
grounds of evidence set forth that the committee
preceedcd to recommend that retaliation should
be adopted. Such was their judgment—a delib-
erate judgment, too, arrived at in full view of th«
past, in full view of the future, and in full view of
the appliances which had heretofore been used
without success to alleviate this cruel wrong, and
with these recognitions they concluded to recom-
mend to the Senate this last resort of retaliation
as the only mode left of getting justice and mercy
out of the confederate authorities in this matter
of the treatment of our prisoners.
It has been said by a Senator that retaliation is
repudiated by all civilized nations. 1 deny the
proposition. I do not believe there is any prin-
ciple better recognized throughout the law of na-
tions than that belligerents have the right to resort
to retaliation of the extremes! character, even to
the taking away of life for the purpose of protect-
ing, their own soldiers who may fall into the hands
of the enemy. I do not think that the proposi-
tion can be controverted with any show of author-
ity from the books. I certainly have heard no >
authority here stated which comes in conflict with
that doctrine, and I therefore cannot understand
the bearing of the argument of the Senator from
Pennsylvania touching the law of nations, failing
as he did to show wherein it limited the modes of
retaliations. On the contrary, I believe that it is
fully recognized; and 1 state fuither that it has
not only been commonly recognized, but that it
has likewise been practiced in every war that has
ever taken place in which any such cruelties have
been initiated on the one side or the other. The
Senator from Massachusetts IMr. Scmner] yes-
terday cited a letter which was republished a few
days ago in the Boston Advertiser, I believe, from
General Washington during our revolutionary
war. He cited it to sustain his argument, i sub-
mit whether the letter does not overthrow his ar-
gument, which was against the whole policy of
retaliation. The letter is by General Washing-
ton in reply to General Gage, in regard to the
treatment which our prisoners had received at his
hands. I will read it:
Headquarters, Cambridge, Jlugiist 13, 1775,
Sir: 1 understand that the officers engaged in the cause
of liberty and their country, who by the fortune of war
have fallen into your hands, have been tlnowu iml'scniri- ;
inately into a common jail, appiopriated for felons; that *
no consideration has been bad for those of the most re- '
spectable rank, when languishing with wounds and sick-
ness ; that some of them have been even amputated in
this unworthy situation.
JLet your opinion, sir, of the principle which actuates
tfK'-ni be what it may, they suppose they act from the noblest
01 all principles, a love of freedom and their couutry. Bui
political opinions, I conceive, are foreign to this point.
The obligation? ausmg fioia the rights of humanity, and
