408
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
claims of rank, are universally bindingand extensive, (es-
eepVin ease ofretaliation.) These, I hhoukl have hoped,
would have dictated a more tender treatment of those in-
dividuals whom chance of war had put in your power.
Nor can I forbear suggesting its fatal tendency to widen
that unhappy breach which you, and those ministers under
whom you act, have repeatedly declared you wi&h to see
forever closed.
' ftty duty now makes it necessary to apprise you that
tot the future I shall regulate my conduct toward those
jfentfemen who are, or may he, in our possession, exactly
% the iule you shall observe towaid those of ours now in
your custody.
. If severity and hardship mark the line of your conduct,
^painful as it may-be tome,) yeur prisoners will feel its
effects;-but if kindness and humanity are shown to ours,
I shall with pleasure consider those in our hands only as
unfortunate, and they shall receive from me that treatment
to which the unfortunate are ever entitled.
- I beg to be favored with an answer as soon as possible,
and am, sir, your very humble servant,
: . G. WASHINGTON.
• The letter is specific and emphatic, that he
will retaliate, and retaliate precisely in the same
manner in which punishment is inflicted upon
his soldiers, prisoners in the hands of the enemy.
There is no equivocation about the language.
It is a full and original notification that hereafter
he-will treat their prisoners preciselyas his pris-
oners are treated, and there is no limitation as to
the treatment, or to the manner of that retaliation.
Jl say s therefore, that so far as the practice]during
our revolutionary war is concerned, it fully bears
out the statement that retaliation was there
adopted as an extreme measure to extort from the
enemy humane treatment; and I may add that it
•was a successful measure; it attained the object
that was designed.
But I desire to call the attention of Senators to
the further fact thatthe doctiine of retaliation has
been recognized and has been applied by the Gov-
ernment of the United States and its officer?? in
the present war; that it has been resorted to time
and again in numerous isolated instances; and that
in every instance in which it has been resorted to
it has been successful in accomplishing its end.
Senators need scarcely to be reminded by the
fact that when our prisoners at Charleston were
taken and placed in front of. the breastworks of
the*enemy, and we were told that if we fired we
should fire upon our own men, an equal number
of theirs were taken and they were notified that
the like treatment would bo enforced against
them; and the result of it was that the practice
"Was promptly discontinued and our prisoners
were removed to a secure position.
Nor can they fail to remember the further fact
that when m the construction of a redoubt down
near Richmond some of our soldiers held as pris-
oners were placed in front of the earthworks by
the enemy while they were at work, and we were
notified that wo should have to shoot through thum
if we made any attack, immediately some of theirs
•were taken and placed in the Dutch Gap canal as
a matter of strict retaliation, and it at once brought
the rebels to a sense of their inhumanity, and our
prisoners were removed.
Again, let me cite to Senators the further fact
that when, owing to some transactions which oc-
curred in New Orleans, it was stated by the rebel
authorities that some of our prisoners would be
executed in return and they were set apart for
that purpose, on the other hand, a relative, I be-
Jieve, of the rebel General Lee, held as a prisoner
of war was set apart on ours, and they were notified
that execution by them would be followed by re-
taliation in kind, and that that also accomplished
its end, and they desisted from their threat.
There, sir, are three direct and specific illustra-
tions of the application of the principle of retalia-
tion during tins war, in each of which it has served
the purpose for which it was deigned; and yet
are we to be told that retaliation is inhuman ? Was
it inhuman to save the lives of our men by that
mode? Did that result in redoubling murder, in
making barbarians of us, or did it result in saving
life, and in elevating the humanities of this war?
Xhe committee, i need scarcely say to the Sen-
ate, were actuated by no motives of revenge. I
will not do injustice to any Senator on this floor
by assuming that any such bad passion reigns in
his bosom; and 1 certainly would not do injus-
tice to any committee of this body by assuming
that so evil a spirit could influence their delibera-
tions. I say, therefore, that the committee when
taking this matter in hand were actuated simply
mid solely by the one object, the relief of our
gallant fe'oldiers who are nowsullonng m thepus-
ons of the South, and upon whom these cruelties
are being systematically practiced. They be 
lieved that all other means had been resorted to;
they believed thatthe Executive Government of
the country, with the power and with the dispo-
sition to use all itsappliances to obviate their suf-
ferings, had not been unfaithful to its trust, had
not utterly neglected that great matter, but had
made its endeavors, had filed its protests and ap-
peals, had sent its representations through its
commissioners of exchange and otherwise, and
had failed in impressing upon the enemy a sense
of the horrid barbarity that had been practiccd
toward us; and they believed that the time had
comc when, if we were to be true to those who had
fought so nobly for us, tfnd who were languish-
ing in the South under these inflictions, we must
come to sterner measures, and notify them that a
change must take place, or retaliation would be
surely and sternly inflicted. The committee in
that view of the case believed likewise, not that
retaliation would result in redoubling, as some
Senators seem to think, these horro'is of starva-
tion and multiplying the muster rolls of death;
but in their calm and deliberate judgment they
felt assured that it would result in terminating
them entirely. It was for the purpose of putting
an end to these barbarities, and not f r the pur-
pose of enhancing them, that they recommended
the joint resolution now before the Senate.
Sir, I believe that all the evidences we have
upon this subject of retaliation, both in the pres-
ent and in the past, justify us in assuming that,
however insensible the enemy may be to the
cruelties they practice upon our soldiers, yet,
when that cup is commendcd to their lips, they
will understand how bitter it is as practiced against
their own officers. I feel persuaded that if we
cannot through any appeal to their humanity, if
we cannot through any reference to the moral
sense of the civilized world, convince them that
this couise is inhuman, we can convince them
when we apply it to their own relatives. They
will then know what it is. They will then undei -
stand how bitter, howatrocious js such treatment;
they will see it brought on by their own cotuluct;
they will recognize tho*policy as determined, and
they will desist. That is the animus of this joint
resolution, and I should do very poor justice to
the committee if I had not set forth m their behalf
that their presentation of it was founded upon the
thorough and exclusive conviction that the adop-
tion of measures of retaliation would result in
terminating this state of affairs, and that milder
measures of negotiation, viewed in the light of
past transactions, held out no assurance of any
such success—no probability of any speedy relief.
I do not desire to prolong this discussion, but
felt impelled to make that statement m behalf of
the committee of which I was a member. I was
not charged with the conduct of this measure be-
foie this body, but as a member of the committee
myself, and being somewhat conversant with the
views which were presented in support of the
resolution, I felt it due that this statementshould
be made.
Now, ns to the language of the resolution  
Mr. HENDERSON. If my colleague will per-
mit me, before he pioceeds any further, I desire
to inquire whether he alludes to any remark made
by me as charging the committee with deliberating
in a spirit of revenge? 1 did wot intend to make
any such charge, neither against the gentleman
nor against the committee. I simply gave the
construction which 1 thought the resolution would
bear. 1 have no idea that any member of the com-
mittee desires to carry out against the enemy, or
against anybody, a spirit of revenge. 1 merely
desired to state that I thought such a construction
could be given to the resolution, and that such a
construction would be likely to be given to it in
the eyes of the civilized woild.
Mr. IJRO WN. I did not intend to impute such
an intent to the Senator at all. It was in i espouse
to a remark that fell from some one else, I forget
now whom, that the disclaimer was made.
Mr. President, I differ from some Senators who
have preceded me in regard to the construction
which should he placed upon this resolution. I
think that the language, when read carefully and
read in connection, shows that the whole of the
resolution is piospective; that while it is predi-
cated upon a state of facts that still exist, and
which culls for retaliation, it does not necessarily
imply that that retaliation shall be, instance'Yor
instance, case for case, the present for the past;
but, on the contrary, it is intended to apply to
the future, to go into effect now, and to have ita
efficacy in the hereafter, and to terminate this
treatment of our prisoners. It implies notice,
necessarily, to the enemy,and thereby gives them
opportunity in advance to avoid retaliation by
practicing humanity. If the language of the com-
mittee is defective in that respect, 1 am not at all
wedded to it, and shall be very glad to see itcor«"
rectcd so as to correspond with the evident intent
and meaning which a connected reading carries
along with it. In proof of this, I will call atten-
tion to the last clause of the resolution, which
says:
" Congress do not, however, intend by this resolution tr 
limit or restrict the power of the Pi evident to the modes or
principles of retaliation herein mentioned, but only to ad-
vise a resort to them us demanded by the occasion.
That is the concluding sentence, and serves as
a key-note to the whole context. It shows that
the evident intent was that the principle should
be asserted and should be applied, and that the
President, as the Executive Officer of the Govern-
ment, charged with its execution, was not to be
understood as being limited in his action by any
suggestionr which might be contained in the body
of that resolution. I think that language is suf-
ficient to take it out of the exception which has
been taken against it by sevetal Senators. At all
events, I say that such was the design; and if it
has not been satisfactorily &et forth, I will be glad
if it shall be perfected so as to do so more ex-
plicitly.
One point, however, deserves a passing allusion
here. The only detail in which the application
of this doctrine of retaliation is suggested, is in
regard to food, diet, medical attendance, &c., to
be graduated toward their prisoners by the same
scale applied to our prisoneis. It was believed
by the committee that the suggestion thrown out
presented the most decisive mode of arriving at
a true bolulion of this difficulty. It was felt that
there could be no better ctiterion,no better mode
of bringing the rebel authorities to a sense of
what they were ptacticmg themselves, than by
this specific manner of ictaliating in kind, which
is heic suggested. It would array their inhu-
manity on our side, and make it speak trumpet-
tongued to their hearts, appealing to them to de-
sist from such practices; not alone against our
soldiers, but against their soldiers.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) Will the SenatoY suspend his re-
marks to receive a message from the House of
Representatives ?
Mr, BROWN. Certainly.
DEFICIENCY SILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, announced that the
liousehad receded from Us disagreement to the
amendment numbered one, two, six, seven, and
eight of the Senate to the bill (H. II. No. 620)
to supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
the semce of the fiscal year ending; the 30tli^ of
June, 1865, and adhered to its disagreement to the
fourth amendment of the Senate.
Mr. CLARK. I ask the indulgence of the
Senate to make a report from the committee of
conference on that bill, in order to dispose of it.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the report; wluch was read, as fol-
lows:
The committee of confciencc on the disagreeing vote^
of the two Houses on the amendments to the bill of the
House (II. 11. No. G20) to biipply the deficiencies in the ap-
propriations for the service <>1 the fhc.il year ending the
yOth of June, J8G">, having m^t. aftci lull and tree confer-
ence, have been utiable to agree.
DANIEL CLARK,
LY.\IANT TRUMUULL,
LAZARUS W. POWELL.
Manama $ on the pat t of the Senate.
Jl. c. SCIIENOK,
D. \V. <;. LITTLEJOHN,
J RANDALL,
Mauagcts on the yart of the House.
Mr. CLARK. I move that the Senate adhere
to their amendment to the bill, and on that ques-
tion I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CLARK. I will state to the Senate what
the amendment is, so that the question will be in-
telligibly before the Senate. There were six or
