410
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
prbve a measure of cruclty if there is no cruelty
to measure it out by ? The answer is conclusive,
and cannot be gainsaid.
Mr. President, so far as the joint resolution is
concerned, 1 am not wedded to the suggestion
which is contained in the body of it. I am per-
fectlj^content that that matter should be left to the
discrimination of the executive branch of the
Government. I am not insisting that we shall set
out here and now all the modes by which retali-
ation shall be exercised; but in one point I would
be very glad if the resolution were somewhat
stronger than it is. I would be better satisfied if
this resolution, instead of being simply suggest-
ive, were mandatory upon the Executive of the
United States. 1 should be rejoiced if this Senate
here^ to-day would take upon itself the respon-
sibility to pass a joint resolution notifying the
President of the United States that the time for
putting a period to the suffering of our starving
soldiers in the rebel prisons had come, and re-
quiring it of him as a duty that he should apply
the principle of retaliation. In that respect 1
should like to see the resolution more emphatic
than it has been reported by the committee. I
simply state that, however, as my own sentiment,
not as the sentiment of the committee, for I be-
lieve that view was not concurred in when it was
presented there.
Mr. President, in concluding what I have to
say, permit me to add one other remark, and that
is in reply to some allusions which have been
made by Senators to those Christian principles,
which should govern us in the conduct of our af-
fairs. My colleague, I believe, presented the
argument, and if I mistake not the Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] presented the prop-
osition. Sir, 1 profess myself to be a Christian.
1 trust that I am as much actuated by such sen-
timents as any other Senator. 1 certainly hold
myself amenable to the full force of all stjch ar-
guments, and would be loth to cast any reflection
upon any doubt that might arise in the most sen-
sitive conscience; but I do not see the application
in this instance of the moralities which the Sen-
ator^ have invoked,and I oannotunderstarid how,
unless they are carricd up to the point of non-
resistance altogether, you can make them obtain
in a state of war. 1 do not see how you can ap-
ply specialties of the moral law designed to gov-
ern the individual relations of men in civil society
to the treaimentof prisoners, to the punishments
of State, to the conduct of armies, to all the exi-
genciesof ageneral state of war; and I, therefore,
must confess very frankly that I do not feel the
force of that portion of the argument, or that por-
tion of the proposition which has been presented
in this body which indicates that in all this mat-
ter we must return good for evil; that where our
own prisoners arc inhumanly butchered and mal-
treated, we must make it the text for exceeding
excellent treatment on our side; that we must re-
ciprocate, but we must reciprocate with increased
tenderness mid caie; for, sir—and the argument
with me is conclusive—if you are to apply it at
all, it will obliterate your state of war; it will dis-
turb your armies, and reduce you to the attitude
of submission and non-resistance; a doctrine in
which i do not concur in any sense. 1 believe,
sir, that the doctrine of self-defense takes pre-
cedence of many of those tenets which other-
wise are of binding force, and resting firm in that
faith I propose to apply its principles here and
now.
Mr. FOSTER obtained the floor.
Mr. WADE. Before the Senator proceeds I
have an amendment that I intend to offer to this
resolution.
Mr. FOSTER, I will give way to the Senator
from Ohio to enable him to offer his amendment.
Mr. WADE. I propose to strike out all of the
resolution after the word "retaliation," in the
seventh line, leaving the preceding portion and the
preamble to stand as they aie, aud insert what I
send to the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be rend
for the information of the Senate, it not being in
order now to consider it.
Mr. WADE. I do not ask for its present con-
sideration. I only ask that it be read for infor-
mation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will he read
as an amendment to be offered when in order.
The SecieUiry read the amendment: which was i
to strike out all of the resolution after the word
" retaliation," in the seventh line, in the follow-
ing words:
That in our opinion such retaliationoughtto be inflictcd
upon the insurgent officers now in our hands, or hereafter
to fall into our hands as prisoners; that such officers ought
to be subjected to like treatment practiced toward our of-
ficers or soldiers in the hands of the insurgents, in respect
to quantity and quality of food, clothing, fuel, medicine,
medical attendance, personal exposure, or other mode of
dealing with them ; that with a view to the same ends, the
insurgent prisoners in our hands ought t« be placed under
the control and in the keeping of officers and men who
have themselves been prisoners in the hands of the insur-
gents, and have thus acquired a knowledge of their mode of
treating Union prisoners ; that explicit instructions ought
to be given to the forces having the charge of such in-
surgent prisoners, requiring them to carry out strictly and
promptly the principles of this resolution m every case,
until the President, having received satisfactory informa-
tion of the abandonment by the insurgents of such barba-
rous practices, shall revoke or modify said instructions.
Congress do nor, however, intend by this resolution to limit
or restrict the power of the President to the modes orprin-
ciples of retaliation herein mentioned, but only to advise a
resort to them as demanded by the occasion.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
That the executive and military authorities of the United
States arc hereby directed to retaliate upon the piisonors
of the enemy in such manner and kind a* shall be effective
in deterring him Irom the perpetration m future of cru<jl
and baibarous treatment of our soldiers.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The immediate
question now before the Senate is on the amend-
ment moved by the Senator from Massachusetts,
the chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, [Mr. Wilson,] to the amendment moved
by his colleague [Mr. Sumner.] That is the
question now pending.
Mr. WADE. I will barely say that I shall
move the proposition which has been read as an
amendment at the proper time. I want to make
this resolution mandatory upon the Executive.
Mr. HOWARD. Where does the Senator
from Ohio propose that his amendmentshall come
in r
Mr. WADE. After the word " retaliation" in
the seventh line.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will inquire of the Senator from Ohio if his prop-
osition is a proposition to amend the original reso-
lution by way of perfecting it before the question
is taken on the motion to strike out?
Mr. WADE. Certainly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If that be so,
it is in order now, and must be considered prior
to the amendment moved by the Senator from
Massachusetts.
Mr. WADE. Then I offer it now.
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President, it ought, per-
haps, to be no matter of surprise that upon a
question involving the application of the doctrine
of retaliation to prisoners of war there should be
a difference of opinion. It is a great question;
broad, comprehensive, imposing. It is difficult
to make up one's own opinion, at least I find
some difficultyin coming to a piecise and definite
conclusion as to the course we should adopt.
That we should differ, therefore, amongtourselves
is to be expected, and I am not surprised at it.
But, sir, i am surprised that any gentleman in
this Chamber, or any intelligcntman in this coun-
try, should now express a doubt whether our pris-
oners in the hands of the rebels from the first
day of the war have not been treated inhumanly,
barbarously, cruelly, and that this treatment
continues to the present time. I am astonished,
astonished beyond measure, especially that an
honorable Senator so intelligent, so well-infoimed
as the honorable Senator from Indiana [Mr. Hen-
dricks] should express a doubt, as he did yester-
day, upon this subject.
indeed, I understood him to go further, and to
assert that from knowledge obtained by him of
prisoners who had returned home from rebel
pnsons, he believed that the general treatment of
our prisoners was good; anu he referred to an
officer, to a Captain Flynn, to whose good char-
acter ho gave his own sanction, to corroborate
his own statement. This man, having been a
prisoner in Libby prison, at Richmond, for a
considerable time, bore witness,as the honorable
Senator from Indiana stated, to the good treat-
ment of the prisoners in that prison. I certainly
cannot deny that this man had the means of
knowledge, and if the honorable Senator from
Indiana affirms him to be a respectable man, and
that he makes this statement, so far as that officer
i is concerned, far be it from me to deny or to con-
tradict it; but, sir, I know men, and many of
them, as respectable as Captain Flynn, let him
be ever so respectable, who were confined in that
prison for months, whose treatment, as well as
that of their fellow-prisoners, was such as would
disgrace savages.
The honorable Senator from Michigan [Mr.
Howard] yesterday read from the report of a
committee appointed by the Sanitary Commis-
sion; and the honorable Senator from Indiana, I
will not say sneered at the document, but inti-
mated that it was from no official source, and
that testimony from such a quarter was scarcely
worthy of credit. Sir, we all know that the gen-
tlemen composing that committee are among the
most respectable men in our land, it is true they
were not members of Congress; they were not
politicians; and there may be those in the coun-
try who think that their qualifications to perform
this duty correctly were none the less for those
reasons. They were intelligent, educated men;
they were men of high moral and intellectual
character, some of them I know personally; and
the country knows them all. Those men have
brought forward a mass of testimony upon this
subject which it seems to me would convince the
most skeptical.
One of the officers whose testimony they took,
I think his name was mentioned by the honor-
able Senator from Michigan yesterday, Lieuten-
ant Colonel Farnsworth, is a man whom I know
intimately. He is a native of my own town,and
was born next door to my own residence. I
have known him from his cradle. He was an
officer in our Connecticut cavalry, and served in
the valley of the Shenandoah, a brave, dashing
officer; no man more gallant, and he is a man
whose word is entirely reliable. He gives his
testimony in that report, §nd from personal con-
versations with him I know that the treatment
of the prisoners in the Libby prison while he
was an inmate was as I have before described it,
disgraceful; it would disgrace savages.
The honorable Senator from Missouri who has
just taken his seat [Mr. Brown] alluded to the
report of the committee on the conduct of the war.
That certainly is not obnoxious to the charge
made against the document read by the honorable
Senator from Michigan. That document, which
comes from a committee of our own body, at the
head of which is the honorable Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] has also testimony upon this
subject, conclusive, as it seems to me, to the mind
of every intelligent man who reads it. And lest
there should be those who would not believe what
is stated there, it being almost too horrible to be
credited, the portraits of the men who were sub-
jected to this treatment—not portraits painted from
fancy, but photographs taken from life, taken of
men in the agonies of death—are added to attest
the correctness of the fact that our prisoners were
treated in the way I have described.
Sir, it is too late to make a question in regard
to the manner in which our prisoners have been
and are treated. Who of us does not get letters
daily, or almost daily, in regard to our soldiers
who come home famished, diseased, and perish-
ing, from starvation and ill treatment, or whose
remains are brought home for burial ? I have one
on my desk at this moment, written only a few
days ago, on the 17th of January, 1865, from a
neighbor of mine, a gentleman of the highest re-
spectability. He says:
" On Friday of last week we buried Ilcibert Beckwith
from our church. lie was starved and frozen in a rebel
prison, brought to Annapolis on the 24th of December veiy
low, lalited a little at the sight of our ilag and from know-
ing that he \va  under the protection of hid Government,
but died from actual starvation on the 30th. It theieisany
power at Washington which can by anypoj-sibihty release
our starving men from I he fiendish giaspof the enemy, they
would only require to look upon the dead face of such a
one as Beckwith in order to act with all their might."
This young man was a near neighbor of mine;
I think under twenty years of age. He went into
the service for the defense of his country as full
of life and hope as any young man, served faith-
fully, was taken prisoner, and this is now his his-
tory.
Nor, Mr. President, is this treatment confined
to anyone locality. It was only the last week
that I conversed with an officer of the seventh
Connecticut volunteers who had but just escaped
from Richland jail in Columbia, South Carolina.
He succeeded, after several previous attempts,
