1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
411
which failed, in finally making his escape. He
made an attempt at escape in the early part of No-
vember. He, with two other officers, passed down
the Congaree river in a very small boat, large
enough to contain two persons, but not large
enough to float three in safety. As they would
lie observed from the shore during the day, they
had to lay up their boat to the bank, and conceal
it, and pass down the river during the night. On
a very dark, foggy night, following the 8th of
November, the day of our presidential election,
the boat struck a snag in the middle of the river,
and upset near a railroad bridge, where the water
was between twentyand thirty feet deep, and run-
ning rapidly. After struggling a long while, and
until they had nearly perished, they finally suc-
ceeded m gettingup the bank to the shore, but in
such a worn-out condition that they were unablo
to stand. They were soon retaken by some rebel
soldiers who were guarding the bridge, and sent
back to Columbia.
This officer succeeded in again escaping in the
latter part of December, I think on the 24tli, and
this time there were thirteen others with him.
They procured, through the kindness of some
negroes upon the river, a flat-boat large enough
to carry fifty cords of wood, and upon that boat
they made their way down the river again by
night, laying by by day, provision being supplied
by the kind blacks upon the shore, every one of
whom always offered them whatever they had.
My friend had a considerable amount of confed-
erate money with him which he paid liberally to
the negroes, they, by the way, saying they would
give nil they had to these Yankee officers, bid-
ding " God bless them," and saying to them that
if they could do it they would put wings on them
that they might fly. That was the expression of
one of the negroes: "God bless you, massa, I
would put wings on you if I could, and you should
fly home to your wife and children."
It was under these circumstances that they went
clown the river, and this time succeeded in get-
ting to us mouth at the ocean, the Congaree being
one of the branches of the Santee, which flows
into the ocean near Georgetown, about fifty miles
above Charleston, South Carolina. Here they
signalized a gunboat which lay off shore, and
they were taken on board in a pitiable condition,
having been obliged to live for some days upon
raw sweet potatoes, not daring to make a fire for
fear they should be discovered.
1 inquired of this officer, Captain Dennis, as to
the treatment, so faras provisions were concerned,
of these men at Richland while he was there and
when he came away, and he gave me the ration,
lie said that five days'rations were now given
out lo them at once, and the ration for five days
was five pints of Indian meal, a few pinches of
salt, and occasionally—not uniformly, but occa-
sionally—a small quantity of sorghum, which
was little more than dirty molasses and water,
the water predominating. •
This was the whole ration for five days, and
it amounts to one pint of Indian meal, a little salt,
and possibly a little sorghum perday. No means
were furnished for cooking it; no utensils, noth-
ing at all but the bare pint of Indian meal with a
little salt, and possibly a little of this sorghum;
this alone to sustain life from day to day. Mr.
President, will any man say that this is not in-
human, barbarous, shocking to humanity? It
may keep men alive for a short time; but we all
know that a man confined to such a diet after no
very long period of time must either lose his
health and impair his constitution or perish. It
is impossible that human life should be sustained
and that a man should be comfortable for any
length of time on a diet so meager as that.
These and other facts to which 1 might allude,
and which 1 presume all intelligent men of the
country know as well as I do, make me wonder
why anybody should entertain a doubt as to how
our prisoners are treated. Ifsuch testimony does
not satisfy them, they would hardly be persuaded
though one rose from the dead.
Tins Captain Dennis, I can assure the Senate,
is a most trustworthy and reliable man. He was
a captain m the seventh Connecticut, abrave regi-
ment worthy of their leader; and when 1 tell you
thai their leader was General Alfred H. Tetry,
that it was his old regiment, the Senate will under-
stand me. After Getieia! Terry ceased to com-
mand it it was commanded by a mail whose name
is not unknown in this war, General Joseph Haw-
ley. I say that Captain Dennis was a man worthy
to be the peer of men like General Terry and Gen-
eral Hawley; and when he states facts of this
kind every man may believe, and, indeed, may
know, so far as we can know from human state-
ment, that what he says is true. He was in six
different prisons; the treatment varied, but it was
best at Charleston, and as that locality has much
to answer for it ought to be known, that they may
have the credit for it.
So much, Mr. President, for the point whether
our men are well orill treated; but the question is,
what shall we do? What shall be done so that
this treatment may be changed? It is a question
not without its difficulties; anil although, as I
suggested m the outset, it is not strange that there
should be differences of opinion upon it, yet our
differences—so far as they have been developed
here—are by no means so great as at first they
would seem to be. "While on one side the doc-
trine of retaliation is insisted upon, is it denied
on the other? No, Mr. President. I do not un-
derstand that anybody here has undertaken to
assert that retaliation, to a certain extent, is not
just and proper m time of war.
But as to how far this principle shall go there
is a difference, at first a wide difference. On the
one side it is asserted that the retaliation should
be like for like; that is, whatever our enemy does
to our prisoners in his hands, we should do, and
do in tile same way, to his prisoners in our hands.
All cannot agree to that, and indeed I have hardly
heard anybody assert that the doctrine to {hat
extentisto be justified. If any Senator does as-
sert it, when he comes to the practical question
he shrinks from applying the test. When it is
asked, " If' the enemy scalp or burn a prisoner,
shall we scalp or'burn a prisoner whom we take
from him?" everybody says no; nobody advocates
that. If the rebels when they take our men pris-
oners sell them into slavery, shall we, when we
take their men prisoners, sell them into slavery?
I do not understand that anybody argues for that.
What, then, is the difference between those who
assert that retaliation is a proper mode of proceed-
ing, and those who assert that it is not? Simply
this, that certain persons will go to one extent
in applying the principle of like for like; certain
others will go a little further, but all will stop at
some point.
Theie is no question but that by the laws and
practices of nations retaliation within certain
limits is now recognized. It was ptacticed by us
in former wars. It was practiced in the revolu-
tionary war. It was practiced in the warof 1812.
I remembera particular case. Commodore Hull,
in the Constitution, captured the British frigate
Guerriere and brought in the prisoners whom he
captured on board that ship. A number of our
men were at that time held as prisoners by the
British at Halifax. They had been all, I think,
but six discharged, exchanged in a cartel; and
six were held, who they claimed were British
subjects, although taken fighting in our Navy, and
they claimed the righttohnhl them and hang them
as traitors to the British flag.
Mr. COLLAMliR. They claimed that they
were deserters from the British navy.
Mr. FOSTER. Yes, as my friend from Ver-
mont suggests, the British claimed that those men
were deserters from the. British navy, and that as
deserters and traitors to their flag they were to be
hanged under ths rules of war. The prisoners of
the Briiish fugato Guerriere were placed in a car-
tel and put under the charge of an officer, and as
he was saiii eg oul of the harbor of Boston he met
the fngate President, Commodore Rndgeis, com-
ing in, and Commodore Ilodgers stopped this car-
tel, gave to her commanding officer this informa-
tion from Halifax that the British were holding
back six sailors under these circumstances whom
they threatened to hang and would not exchange;
then directed the officer in charge of the cartel to
muster all the crow of the Guerriere who were on
board, and as he passed along the line of those
prisoners to select twelve of the finest and most
athletic men of the lot and take them on board the
President as he was going into Boston, and should
hold those twelve men as hostages whom he would
hang if the British adiiinal hung the six sailors
in Halitax. Then the cartel went on.
When the British admiral at Halifax heard of
this state of things, he discharged five of those
men to begin with,and Commodore Rodgers dis-
charged ten of the men thus taken from the Guer-
riere, holding two. Before the war wasover, the
man held at Halifax was exchanged and dis-
charged, and then the two whom we held were
also discharged.
Mr. President, I believe in retaliation to that
extent certainly. I believe in retaliation to this
extent, that if the rebels take our prisoners and
shoot or hang them we should take theirprisone.ru
and shoot or hang them; but if they take our
prisoners and torture them by scalping them or
in any other mode practiced by savages and not
by civilized nations, I do not think we should
adopt the same practice, and I do not understand
that any man here claims that we can or ought to
do that.
I do not understand the honorable Senator from
Ohio, who is very frank and very decided on this
subject, to claim that any such practice as that
should be resorted to by any means. He agrees
with the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania on
that point, I believe. As 1 before suggested, when
we come to put a distinct case, the difference is
much less than when we are talking about an ab-
stract principle which we do not apply to a par-
ticular case. The honorable Senator from Ohio
says, " 1 believe in this doctrine of retaliation, like
for like; as tliey treat our men, so will we treat
theirs." The honorable Senator from Pennsyl-
vania says,<l No, I do not believe in that." And
when he asks the honorable Senator from Ohio
" Would you scalp a man because the enemy
scalps one of our men ?" the latteranswers, "No."
There is not, then, a difference in the applica-
tion of the principle, although there is a difference
on the general principle, and so, as J believe, in
regard to every practical question that has been
put here, there has been an agreement even be-
tween those who seem to differ most widely, un-
less it be on the single question of starving a man
to death, and I have not heard anybody as yet
avow the belief that it was right or just to put a
man in prison and starve him to death, even al-
though the rebels have done it and it may be are
doing it.
It is urged, as I understand it, that the threat
will be available, and that if we say we will do>
this thing it will work out the deliverance of our
soldiers. Ifsaying so will doitwitliout our per-
forming this deed of cruelty, I am for saying it;
but I am not in favor of starving a man to death
because the rebels starve our prisoners to death.
Even in view of soch letters as those 1 have read,
showing such treatment to young men who were
born, have lived, and grown up near my own
house, 1 cannot agree to take a young man from
South Carolina or anywhere else, and starve
him to death in the same manner by way of re-
taliation. I can no more do that than I can vote
to sell him into slavery, or to scalp him, or com-
mit any atrocity on his remains after he is dead, -
which, as I suppose, has been done by the en-
emy more than once. As I suppose and believe,
on what I think is good evidence, though I do
not know the fact personally, even our dead who
have fallen like bravo men on the battle-field have
been mutilated, their bones have been taken and
u>jed us ornaments, trophies of the prowess of the
southern chivalry ovei the northern Yankee.
Sir, human nature shrinks back from retaliation
of that description. And weare not, as compared
with these rebels, standing on equal ground with
them on this subject. We are a nation. We have
a history. It is true wo have not been a nation
for centuries, but we have been a nation for many
years, and I for one, as an American citizen, am
proud of the history of the United States of"Amer-
ica. lam not for doin  anything which shall tar-
nish the fair fame and the glory of this nation
either in peace or m war.
Who are our opponents? They have never
yet been admitted into the family of nations, and
I trust in God never will be. 'l'hey are unwor-
thy of a seat in a congress of nations. In any
place where nations are recognized they are not,
and ought not to be, and will not be recognized.
They are a band of insurgents, robbers, traitors,
malefactors oil land, pirates on the deep; and be-
cause such men descend to what would disgrace
savages in the treatment of prisoners, not dis-
gracing any national name, for they have no na-
tional name to disgrace, shall we, who are citizens
of tile United States of Amcrica, each man feel-
