TBI CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1177
five and ten millions. I endeavored to find the
exact amount, but I have not been able to get it.
To adopt any other rale would be to allow all
sorts of evasions and aii sorts of frauds. It
seems to me, therefore, it is wiser to adhere to
the rule established at the last session after full
discussion, rather than to change it before six
months have expired.
Mr. FARWELL. I agree in the main with
the views of the Senator from Ohio, the chair-
man of the committee; but here are two things
connected together in this section that are so en-
tirely different, as ships and railroads, toll-bridges
and canal-boats, which are common carriers, and
corporations, which are protected everywhere.
No man can go and build a line of railroad up
and down this avenue without consulting Con-
gress; and we know very well that Congress will
give no right to puta competing road right along-
side of the present one. These people, therefore,
may add to their fare, and put this tax which is
imposed upon them upon their customers. But
there are no chartered rights to the use of the
great highway of the world. Here is an open
competition; and the fault i find with this propo-
sition is that ships are lashed to railroads. When
I asked the committee to pass over the consider-
ation of this section, my proposition was to sep-
arate the two; I proposed to strike out of the
section the word "ship," and then legislate for
ships by themselves, by putting on tonnage
duties.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is not in order now.
The Senator can accomplish that at the proper
time by moving an amendment to the original
bill, striking out the word "ship," but that is not
now at all affected by this amendment.
Mr. FARWELL. 1 have no objection to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 29, after line
seven hundred and seven, to strike out the fol-
lowing clause:
That section one hundred and three be further amended
hv adding the following alter the woid " vehicle" where
it occurs the second tunc hi the section : " Provided, That
this section shall not apply to those teams, wagons, and
vehicles used in transporting logs for lumber fioni the for-
ests to ttie place or places ot manufactoiy, or to the teams
or vehicles used in the transportation ofoiosfrom the mines
where the same is excavated to the place where they are
reduced or worked."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 30, after
line seven hundred and sixteen, to insert the fol-
lowing:
That section one hundred and three be amended by in-
serting after the words u and any foreign port" the words
" but such duty-shall he assessed upon the transportation
of persons and property shipped from a port within the
United States through a foreign territory to a port within
the United States, arid shall bo assessed upon and col-
lected liom person", firms, companies, or corporations
within the United States receiving &uch freight or trans-
portation." And tli.it section one hundred -and three be
amended by adding at the end of said section the following:
"And provided further, That no tax under this section shall
be assessed upou any person whose gross receipts do not
exceed $1,000 per annum."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. There was an amendment
adopted just now without its having secured the
attention of Senators; and I wish, if there be no
objection, to have it considered again.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They will all come
up again for consideration in the Senate.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 know that; but we may
not have an opportunity to say then what we
wish to say upon it. It occurs on the 30th page
of the bill just passed; it is the proviso relating
to " teams, wagons, and vehicles used in trans-
porting logs for lumber from the forests tu the
place or places of manufactory, or to the teams
or vehicles used in the transportation of ores from
mines where the same is excavated to the place
'where they are reduced or worked."
I was so unfortunate as not to be able to be pres-
ent at the meetings of the Finance Committee, and
therefore have no complaint to make of the action
taken by the committee: but I was unaware of
their having taken such action as to propose to
strike out the amendment made by the House of
Representatives which exempts the class of wag-
ons and vehicles used in transporting logs to
mills for lumber, or the transportation of ores from
the mine to the place where it is reduced. I de-
sire simply to say to the Senate that this tax is
oue that ought not to be imposed; that it is one
that cannot be afforded; that in most instances
the hauling of thia ore is for experimental pur-
poses; and that, as we have concluded to tax the
product of the mine, namely, the gold that is
taken from it, this tax, of all others, should not
be imposed here. The idea of taxing an ox
team that is engaged in hauling logs from where
they are cut to the mill seems to be one so
preposterous as not to require any considera-
ble explanation. The Senators from Nevada
feel a particular interest in this proposition, for
they are living in a country where this business
is very largely done, not only where ores are
hauled for great distances to points where they
are reduced, but where lumber is very scarce,
and where the tax imposed in this manner upon
it would be very severely felt. I hope the Senate
will not concur in this part of the recommenda-
tion of the committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. This proposition, it seems
to me, is the most singular one of ail the exemp-
tions that are endeavored to be put on the tax
bill.
Mr. CONNESS. I will say to the Senator
it was very fully discussed in the House of Rep-
resentatives and adopted with great unanimity.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let me state a fact. The
Senator proposes to exempt from taxation the
transportation of gold ore and lumber, and yet
proposes to subject to taxation the transporta-
tion of food. That is the long and the short of
it. Everything else in this world must pay a tax
upon its transportation except gold and lumber.
Why ? Nearly all of the lumber of this country
is made by large manufacturing companies in
Michigan and other places, who saw it up. Nearly
all the gold that is transported, which would be
reached by this bill, is owned by large mining
companies; and we know from the New York
papers that they are companies sometimes having
a capital of five, or ten, or fifty million dollars.
According to this provision the Senator would
exempt mining companies and lumber companies
from paying a tax upon their transportation, and
yet would levy a tax'upon the transportation of
the food that is carricd from the State of Ohio to
the State of Massachusetts. It seems to me there
is no ground on which it can be placed; there is
no reason for it. The Committee on Finance
could not justify it. We did not see any reason
that actuated the House; and I am sure the Sena-
tors from Nevada, who represent a State so rich
that the other night I felt that I belonged to a
nation more powerfulthan any in the world after
listening to the honorable Senator from Nevada,
[Mr. Nye,] I hope they will not commence by
spccial legislation exempting their transportation
from tax, when we impose it by this bill upon
the transportation of every necessary of life.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 know that the Senator
would not recommend this amendment striking
out the proposition made by the House of Rep-
resentatives if he were exactly aware of the facts.
Let me say to the Senator that there is not a foot
of lumber made in the country that weiepresent
the*, is not tmnspoited after it is made upon wag-
ons, and that is all subject to tax. But here is
a mill and there is a forest; and the ox teamsused
in hauling the logs to that mill are to be taxed
also. Is the Senator not willing to wait until it
is made into lumber and then receive his tax; for
every foot of it must be hauled to market. Will
he tax the hauling of it in the log and then tax it
at the other side of the mill as it goes to the mar-
ket and to the consumer? I hope not. 1 know
the Senator does not wish to do that.
Now, in regard to the fabulous idea that the
Senator lias deduced, by some process or other,
from the speech of my honorable friend from
Nevada in regard to the mines of Nevada', I will
merely say that had I not known something of
the sage-brush country and ofthe delving that is
necessary to get the gold or stiver, I too might
have been led away by the flowers of rhetoric of
my honorable frignd. I know it was hard for
him to restrain his enthusiasm when he desired
to paiiu the prospects of what he regarded as the
realities of his young and giant Commonwealth;
but I would hate very much, as I apprehend his
constituency would, that taxation should be based
upon the eloquent representations of my honor-
able friend. 1 do not wish to condemn them. As
long as a Senator has the proud privilege of being
able to stand on the top of the mountains and
imagine that alFthe earth he 8ees but covers over
the shining metal,! know no reason why he should
not be permitted to describe the scene here as it
occurred to him without the Finance Committee
and the honorable chairman of that committee
being at liberty to get up a revenue bill based
upon that picture. It is to that part of it that I
object.
Mr. NYE, It will be remembered, Mr. Pres-
ident, by the Senate that in the remarks I made
in regard to our power to produce gold, if the
avenues were opened up through which we could
get the means of reducing the ore, I stated that
we could as well produce $500,000,000 a year as
the $25,000,000 or $30,000,000 that we now pro-
duce. I repeat that assertion. It was no llower
of rhetoric, and it was no assertion upon which
the chairman ofthe Committee on Finance had a
right to draw any other deduction than such as I
intended to suggest—that we had the power to
produce if we had the means of reducing the ore.
But, sir, we have not those means.
But, sir, to come to the question: the commit-
tee propose by striking out these words to tax
the drawing of our ores two and a half per cent,
upon the net product of drawing up to $3,000,
and five per cent on the excess. It seems to me
that this is unfair; and when I say this I do not
mean, and I do not represent in part a constitu-
ency that desire to shrink from their due propor-
tion of the burdens of this war. But the getting
of the ore to the mill where it is reduced is a part
of one business, that is, of producing bullion, and
the honorable chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance might as well lay a tax upon the team that
draws the cotton from the railroad to the mill or
from the canal to the mill as upon the ore from
the mine to the mill where it is reduced. It is a,
part of the same business; and when this bullion
is produced you tax that.
Lumber, too, is a most essential ingredient in
the reduction of these ores. We are so situated
in Nevada that the only lumber we have lies in
the extreme western part of the State, upon the
eastern elope of the Sierra Nevada mountains.
That lumber is drawn from one .hundred to four
hundred miles after it is manufactuied, to rear the
structures that reduce these ores. 1 have myself
seen wagons weighed upon a scale loaded with
lumber, and the owner of the lumber paying
fifteen cents a pound upon that lumber, one foot
of lumber weighing three pounds, making a cost
of forty-five cents per foot for drawing that lum-
ber to the place of its destination—$450 per thou-
sand feet for drawing it. That is taxed when it is
in the shape of lumber, and now it is proposed
to tax the team that draws it from the mountain
to the the mill. I suggest to the honorable chair-
man ofthe Committee on Finance whether that
is not burdening that already overburdened article
too much.
I do not understand that it is the policy of
the Finance Committee or of the nation to so
load down the business of producing anything up
to the time that it is produced by taxation, as to
prevent its production. A large majority of these
teams are owned by the miners themselves. They
are not taxed. The balance of them are owned
by poor men, who find a few days now and then
to devote to the purpose of hauling ore froth the
mine to the mill; and it varies in distance from
half a mile to eight or ten miles.
Let me suggest to the chairman ofthe Finance
Committee that two and a half per cent, upon their
net earnings would not be much. The net earn-
ings of these people who have hauled this ore for
the last year have been very small indeed. It
has been a year of great depression in our mining
business and in our lumber business; and our
miners and lumbermen have had all they could
do to live. I submit to the honorable chairman
of the Committee on Finance that if he desires to
reach the great thing, to tax the bullion, it is a
matter of public economy and public interest to
increase that production, untrammeled from taxa-
tion, as much as possible, if he taxes the team
that draws the ore, he may with the same pro-
priety tax the person that brings it to the mouth
of the tunnel, or raises it through the shaft to the
surface. With as much propriety,! assert,could
the committee tax the car that brings the bullion
to the mouth of the mine or the tunnel, as to tax
the team that takes it from there a shorter or a
longer distance for the purpose of reducing it. If
