1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
harshly, the other may do the barne; or if one squeezes
tlie expenses of war out of an invaded territory, the other
mayioliow in hi.s stepd. It thus become^ a measure of
self-protection, and secures the sjreato&t amount of human-
ity fiom unleuung military officers. Hut there is a limit
to the inle. If one general kills in cold hlood some hun-
«lieiU of pi isoucis w Ito euibaria&s his motions, hia antag-
onist may not stain himself by similar eiitne, nor may lie
biealc hi* vvoid or oath because the other iiad done so be-
foie. The limits oi such retaliation it may be hard to lay
down. Yet any act of cruelty to the innocent, any act,
especially, by winch non-combatants are made to feel the
sliess of war, is what brave men shrink from, although they
may feel obliged to threaten it."—fVoolsey's International
LaWy page 29J.
These high authorities lay down distinctly
that there is a limit to this right of retaliation.
The first author from whom I read, who was one
of the most enlightened writers upon public law
in this or any other country, lays down tlie gen-
eral principle that the law of letaliation cannot
be properly inflicted upon an innocent man. Be-
fore it can be justified by the laws of nations and
the usages of tiie civilized world and by the prin-
ciples of humanity, you must first lay your hands
upon the guilty; that a man is responsible only
personally in his person and by personal pun-
ishment for his own individual crimes; and that
he is not responsible for the acts of his nation, of
his countrymen, or of his Government, in their
violations of national law in any other regard or
relation except in his property. That is what
Chancellor Kontlays down. Woolsey lays down
the same principle in effect, when he says:
"If one geneial kills in cold blood some hundreds of
prisoners wlio embarrass his motions, his antagonist may
not stain himself hy similar cume.,,£
What were tlie laws of war anil what were the
rights of retaliation two hundred years ago, es-
pecially four hundred years ago? They recog-
nized the principle distinctly that if one army
defeated another and took a larger amount of pris-
oners than it could secuie, the conquering army
had the right to put the prisoners to death. U'hg
laws of nations of the present Christian and civil-
ized age utterly reprobate and reject that princi-
ple. The laws of war in this Christian and civil-
ized age reject the piincipie of devastating the
piopeity of non-combatants and the inflicting of
the lavages of war on the monuments and the
fruitsof the artsof acountry. What isproposed
in the present resolution? It is one of the most
striking features in the proposition to retaliate
upon the teliels by starving their prisoneis to
death because they have starved our piisoners to
death. There is no poweron iluseaith that would
ever win or wring from me my sanction to such
a barbarous principle of retaliation as that. It
won lei be torture.
Would the Senate pass a resolution requesting
the President to bring confederate prisoners to
the thumb-screw, to all the tortures that prevailed
in the dark and barbaric ages of Europe? If the
proposition were made in that form, it would be
jejected unanimously by the Senate. Is it not
now made in a form equally cruel and moie hor-
rible—in the form of starvation ? Sir, whatgreater
torture is there than for a man to be starved to
death? None. Iam astonished that the mon-
sters of the southern confedeiacy, or of any other
country,could be found to look patiently upon the
wasting health and energies of a captive prisoner
and see that prisoner condemned to the slow tor-
ture of starvation. The honorable Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] is true to the high-
est impulses of human nature and of Christian
civilization when ho protests against any such
principle of retaliation as that.
Sir, I will revert to letaliation in my own State.
There has been retaliation there by the commander
of the department to this extent; lie has captured
guerrillas, and he has taken prisoners of war that
were captured m battle, as I understand, from
their prisons, from their captivity, men who had
no connection whatever with those guerrilla acts
that brought muider and desolation upon partic-
ular sections of our State, and he has caused them
to be shot to death. I say that retaliation to that
extent even is condemned by the Christian and
enlightened principles of Chancellor Kent and of
Piolussor Woolsey; and I maintain that that form
of retaliation is a mistake; it corrects no evil; it
prevents no crime upon the part of those who
committed the first crime. We know m Iven-
tucky that for the forty or fifty men who have
thus been seized and shot to death without trial
by order of the general, on the principle of retal-
iation, the guerrillas and the confederates, when-
ever they have taken captives, have killed and
murdered, in the same summary manner, two or
three for each one that was executed by the order
of our officer.
Mr. President,! would, in some extreme oases,
vote for retaliation even to the execution of an
innocent man, where that execution would prom-
ise to do any good in restraining crimes and ex-
cesses and violations of the laws of war by ,o*ir
enemy; but I would have to be thoroughly con-
vinced that there was a reasonable promise of
those results before I would ever give my sanc-
tion for retaliation upon an innocent man that
was entirely disconnected, free from and unstained
by the particular crime for which retaliation was
about to be resorted to. But, sir, if I could be
induced to come to make such an exception as
that, I would limit it to the officer. The private
soldier, by the military discipline of every army,
be that army insurgents, or an army maintained
by a regular Government in the waging of a reg-
ular war, is bound by the penalty of death to
obey the order of his superior; and in no case
would I ever vote for or give my sanction to the
punishment by death of a private soldier for
having obeyed the orders of his superior officer.
The utmost verge to which I would press the
principle of retaliation would be to execute that
law upon officeis or some class of officers whose
example by way of punishment might be pre-
sumed reasonably to have ail effect in restraining
the cruelties and the excesses of their Govern-
ment in the administration of the laws of war.
The honorable Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Har-
lan,] a few days ago, assumed the position that
it was no more cruel and no greater outrage upon
the laws of humanity to staive a man to death
than to shoot him. From that position I dissent
altogether. 1 could and would vote in some pai-
ticular cases to have a captive of the enemy, an
officer, executed by a file of men; but I never
would doom an officer or a soldier to the horrible
toi tn re of death by starvation upon any principle
of retaliation whatever, and there is no influence
on God's earth that would ever bring me to give
my sanction to any such horrible mode of execu-
tion.
The honorable Senator said, furthermore, that
he thought fiorn this time henceforth there should
be no exchange of prisoners; that our prisoners
in the rebel prisons were starved; they were ex-
hausted in their energies and strength and health;
that if they were relieved from their prisons by
exchange their times would be about to expire;
or that they would be in such a condition of phys-
ical health that they could render no service to
their country by reentering the Army.
Mr. HAUL AN. Does the Senator attribute
that remark to me ?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, I do.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 have only to remark that
the Senator misapprehended my statement en-
ftlr. DAVIS. Well, sir, I will read the Sen-
ator's statement. Here are his words:
" Tliis is the present condition of the contcst. The re-
bellion lias been so far supposed that they are no longer
able to meet u&> in the open tkld; theyaic now ensconced
behind tlie strongest work-* t hat human blull and energy can
niodtice. We aie the assailing party; we arc compelled
to h«ht them in tho-e woiks, and to capture those garrisons
by a'fault, or She tedious pioco&sj of a kicge* in ouloi to se-
cure complete fiiecess. 1 think, tlicieforo, it is vety doubt-
tul whether we are damaged by the H'fusal of the rfbels to
make a lair exchange ; an exchange man lor man will snake
thu rebels ici.itively stronger Jt is therefore doubtiul, to
fay the least, whethei a fai-seeing, sagacious humanity
would not induce thi* Government to irfuse to exchange
pri*onei'3 hum tins tune forwaul. Ii thn course should be
adopted, then of council" the tcbeh>ti<*at Union tioops held
by them as pnsoneis ot war with premeditated cruelty and
inhumanity, it will limih.li a just occasion for ictalwtion.
<k Such retaliatory measures should not bo adopted rashly
or needlessly, because it will alwavs ^eern hard to compel
the innocent to suffer lor tlx; guilt} ; on tne surface u may
seem ciucl and inhuman, but only in the same seiv-e in
which it is ciuel and inhuman to s>hoot a pn->o«ier of war
in letaliation lor the murder of one of out own soldiers
held 1)v the oncinv. Yet this is in accordance witn tne
• linage of all civilized nations. It is revolted to m Older to
I compel the enemy to ticat with humanity those whom
j tliev may captuio in buttle. Tiine is nothing more cruel,
1 n seem', to me, in putting a lobel pn-oner on lean tare
! than there is in shooting a icbel pnsonei in letaliation.
i "{desire that this lesolution, il it is to pass, than j)t
1 amended somewhat so as to require the punishment to be
strictly retaliatory ; to be inflicted on officers and men ot
equal number and of the same rank; and so as to instiuct
the President to notify the rebel authorities that this pun-
ishment la inflicted m ictahation for the inhuman treat-
ment of our troops held as prisoners by theft*, and will'Ira
continued only until they treat our prisoners vvtfh the hu-
manity demanded by the usages ot civilized-nations. - _
" 1 would rejoice to sec every prisonei of ours held by
the rebels released at once, but when I knofr that the re-
lease of a Union pusoner by the rebels requires the release
of a icbel prisoner hy our Government, and that,he will be
at once tin own into strongly fortified works, ami that yott
will be compelled to recxuit three other soldiers-to unite
with ouneturningprifonei to make the combat equal; that
four Jives arc to be put in jeopardy to recapture the rebel
whom we have released, I cannot criticise the Secretary
of War if he should refuse to exchange prisoners ffofn this
time forward until the close of the war, even if a fair ex-
change could be secured; but 1 appiehend there are very
few henatoi s here who believe that a fair exchange can be
effected. They so analyze all piisoners that they hold of
ours as to releasethose whose terms of service have expired
or ai e about to expire. Their soldiers arc mustered in prac-
tically duung the war. Every southern citizen able to bear
arms is enrolled as a soldier during the continuance of the
war. Then when we release a rebel prisoner we put him
into their army during the continuance of the war, while
m nine cases out of ten, piobably, the soldier received by
us in leturn will be at once ill fed and mustered out of ser-
vice. In addition to tins, we know fiom thelaets that have
been developed hy the committee on the conduct of the war
that they do not return to us able-bodied men, but only
exchange the sick and dilapidated for tho^e that arp able-
bodied and vigoious. We cannot, as I am informed, se-
cure a fair exchange. If a lair exchange could he secured,
I probably would accept it; butwheu u fair exchange can-
not be had, I cannot eompiam of the Secretary ior insist-
ing on it with pertinacity when the delay is ruinous to the
rebel cause and is hastening their ultimate overthrow."
Tiiere ia the argument of,my honorable friend.
I listened to it with immense surprise and with
great regret. More than twelve months ago I en-
deavored to bring the attention of the Senate to
this identical subjectof our suffering countrymen
in rebel prisons. I proposed in the Senate a res-
olution calling upon tlie Executive for all the cor-
respondence between the two Governments on the
subject of exchanges. The Senators will recol-
lect that I made a lengthy speech, and with all
the little power that I possessed I endeavored to
enlist the reason and the sympathies of the Sen-
ate and of the country for our suffering prisoners
in rebel prisons, but all without any success. •
Now, Mr. President, there arc two parties to
this treatment of our unfortunate and gallant men
who have been perishing in rebel prisons. Who
arc tlie two parties? The one is the rebel gov-
ernment and rebel authorities; the other is 4our
own Government and our own authorities. I
stated on this flooi that about eighteen ortwenty
thousand Union prisoners had been taken into
Libby prison and the prison on Belie Isle in
twelve months,and that a friend of mine who had
returned from there informed me that while he
was there one third of the whole number per-
ished fiom exposure and want of sufficient food
and attention m their sickness.
Mr. CLARK. I ask the Senator from Ken-
tucky to give way for a moment to allow me to
introduce a bill, il it is agreeable to him to do so.
Mr. DAVIS. Ceitainly.
Mr. CLARK. I ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate to introduce a bill of which no previous
notice has been given. It is a bill precisely in the
words of the deficiency bill which has failed , with
the exception of the items to which the Senate
refused to agree. 1 desire that it may be received
and put upon its passage.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New Hampshire asks the unanimous consent of
Lhe Senate to introduce a bill. Is there any ob-
jection ? ,
Mr. SUMNER. I would rather have it lie over
until to-morrow morning.
The Y1CE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
obiect?
Mr. SUMNER. i do object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then it is not ad-
missible.
Mr. JOHNSON. With the leave of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, as it is now past four o'clock,
I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.    
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 25, 1885.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. W. Y. Brown, chaplain of Douglas hos-
* The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CONFERENCE COMMITTEE APPOINTED.
The SPEAKER appointed as the second com-
; rf.ittee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
