1180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
February 28,
as the occasion of his absence at this time, that
he is engaged on a committee of conference. I
, therefore ask that it may be passed over for the
time being*.
Mr. SHERMAN. If that is so, then he is
engaged in the business of the Senate, and I cer-
tainly will interpose no objection to it being passed
over.
Mr. GRIMES. Then I shall withdraw the
call for the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The call for
the yeas and nays may be withdrawn; but the
difficulty is that the last vote disclosed the fact
that no quorum was present, and the Senate can-
not proceed until a quorum is ascertained to be
present.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
adjourn, merely for the purpose of obtaining a
quorum; and on that motion I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yea 1, nays 35; as follows:
YEA—Mr. Saulsbury—1.
NAYS — Mes.-rs. Anthony, 13rown, Chandler, Cowan,
Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Farwell, Foot, Foster, GnuiOii,
Hale, Ilarl.m, Hairis, Hendncks Howe, Johnson, Lane of
Indiana, JVJoigan,Moinll, Nesmith, Nye, Pomeroy, Pow-
ell, Ramsey, Kiddle, Sherman, Spraguf, Stewart, Suin-
ner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Van YVinkle, YVade,and Wiliey
—35.
A1JSENT—Messrs. Buckalew, Cariile, Clark, Collamer,
Corniest, Harding, Henderson, fiowaid,Lane of Kansas,
McDougall, Richardson, Wilkinson, Wilson, and Wright
-14.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on the amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let it be passed over, as
the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Collamer] is
not present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, The amend-
ment will be passed over, if there be no objec-
tion.
• The next amendment was in line seven hun-
dred and sixty-eight, to insert the words "and
also all premiums on gold and coupons;'' so as
to make the clause read:
Provided, That incomederivpd from interestupon notes,
bonds, and other securities of the United States, and also
all premiums on gold and coupons, shall be included in
estimating incomes.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to inquire of the
chairman if that means that gold shall be esti-
mated at twice its nominal value; that is, whether
an income of $1,000 m gold is to be estimated at
$2,000 in charging a man with income tax?
Mr. SHERMAN. The provision is very plain:
Provided, That income derived from interest upon notes,
bonds, or otiler securities of the United States, and also
ail premiums on gold and coupons, shall be included in
estimating incomes.
One of the most shameless evasions, in my
judgment, of the income tax law was that the
holders of United States securities, who were not
subject to any other taxation except the income
tax to the United States, returned 111 their income
only the gold they received, and yet paid that
income in currency. This is for the purpose of
making it clear. They no doubt sold their gold
or coupons at the current premium, received in
currency the proceeds of their investment, twice
the amount they returned. It was done no doubt
in nine cases out of ten.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I suggest to the
chairman of the committee that he had better
make this very plain. I think it is just as right to
tax a man on the gold he does not sell as the man
who sells the gold. The "premium" is the
amount the man gets from the sale; and I think
that this language will not include the gold which
a man receives and keeps.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 agree with the honorable
member from Indiana that the evasion can be car-
ried on almost as successfully unless the amend-
ment is more comprehensive than it is. The only
effect will be that they will keep their gold and
coupons on hand until the assessment is made,
and sell them afterward.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If I understand the Sen-
ator from Ohio, it seems to me this amendment
would operate very unequally. Take the case of
all importer who holds United States securities
and receives his interest in gold. He wants the
gold to pay the duties on his imported merchan-
dise, and he uses it in that way; he will not pay
a premium on that gold. The Senator from
Ohio does not mean that he shall return twice the
amount of the interest he has received. That is
the case of a man who uses the gold. Then take
his neighbor Who lives by his side and is engaged
in another branch of business that does not require
him to pay out gold in duties, and he sells the
gold and pays the tax upon the amount lie gets
for it. Is there not an inequality in that? Sup-
pose he does not sell it; a man can go into any es-
tablishment probably in the city of New York or
the city of Washington and buy an article for half
the amount in gold that it would cost him if he
paid in paper. The result will only be to induce
persons to deal in that way and you will get noth-
ing by it. It seems to me it will amount to noth-
ing at all. Is it intended to tax the paity accord-
ing to the nominal value of gold in all cases,
whether he sells it or not?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If that is the intention it
would take in everybody.
Mr.SHERMAN. If the Senator will sitdown
with the bill before him and suggest an amend-
ment to carry out his idea, 1 shall be very glad.
Mr. TRUMBULL. You will not carry it out
by the bill as it is, 1 am quite sure. If aman gets
no premium on Ins gold he has no tax to pay. The
word used is" premium," and the result would be
that if a man used the gold without selling it for
a premium he would pay no tax except upon the
amount of gold he received at its face value.
Mr. MORRILL. It strikes me that theobject
can be accomplished by simply striking out the
two words "all premiums,"and it would read:
Tiie income del ivod from interest upon notes, bonds, and
other securities of tile United States, and also on gold and
coupons.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest to the Senator
from Maine that the amendment read " and also
the current premium on gold and coupons re-
ceived on said bonds."
Mr. GRIMES. Suppose a man does not sell
the gold ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Then he would be bound
by this amendment to return it at the current value
in paper.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we had better dis-
agree to the whole of it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I should like the Senator from
Ohio to explain what he means by the " current
premium received." Can he mean that a man is to
paya tax on what he does not receive, because he
ou^ht to receive more?
Mr. SHERMAN. What I mean is that when
men receive gold for interest on their bonds they
shall either pay their tax on that interest in gold,
or if they choose to pay it in currency that they
shall pay it at the current rate of gold. If the
Senator can express the idea in better language I
should like to have him do it. That is what we
desire to accomplish.
Mr. GRIMES. It seems to me that the lan-
guage used by the committee in the bill is that
which ought to be adopted, and then if you want
to reach those who have gold and hold on to it
for the purpose of deriving an advantage from the
increase in its value, reach them by a subsequent
clause to be added to the bill hereafter.
Mr. SHERMAN. We had better do it here.
Mr. GRIMES. You do not do it by your
present language.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio to
the amendment of the Committee on Finance.
The amend ment to the amend ment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before the question is taken
on the amendment as amended, 1 think it would
be better to put the provision in this form:
And shall also Include premium at the current market
rate on gold or coupons received on such notes, bonds, or
securities.
I think that will accomplish the object.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. 1 should liketo know
what is meant by the current market rate. At
what time ? On the day it is received or on the
day the return is made?
Mr.SHERMAN. On the day it is received.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Then it should be so
expressed.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to makeasugges-
tion on this point. Where a man receives a sal-
ary from the Government the Government takes
the tax out of his salary as it pays him. Why
cannot the tax upon Government stocks and
bonds be deducted when the interestis pajd in the
same way ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will answer that sugges-
tion. That was a view which was suggested to
the committee, but I do not see that it would be
exactly fair to the foreign bondholders. Could
we do so without violating our contract with them?
We levy this tax upon the American bondholder
as a burden d ue by him as a citizen to the Govern-
ment of the United States, as his portion of the
common burden. Can we deduct the tax from the
foreign bondholder? How can we distinguish ?
The Englishman who holds our securities would
very seriously object to the deduction of this tax
from the interest on his bonds, upon the ground
that it would be a breach of the contract he made
with the Government.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not see thatit would be
a violation of contract; but it would be a trouble-
some thing, I know, to impose a personal tax on
a man not a citizen.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to suggest to the
chairman of the committee that the objection
which he makes to the proposition of the Senator
from Vermont is obviated by the first part of the
section. The first part of the section provides for
a tax upon citizens of the United States residing
abroad.
Mr.SHERMAN. But when a coupon is pre-
sented, a piece of paper half an inch long and an
inch wide, how can you distinguish whether it .
is owned by a foieign bondholder or by an Amer-
ican citizen ? How is the officer to whom it is
presented, the Treasurer, to know to whom it
belongs and deduct the five per cent.?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Is there no way of know-
ing at the Treasury who presents it?
Mr. SHERMAN. None at all.
Mr. JOHNSON. Let the amendment be read.
The Secretary, it is proposed to reject the
words in line seven hundred and sixty-eight, and
to retain the words in lines seven hundred and
seventy and seven hundred and seventy-one,
amended as follows:
And shali also include all premiums at the current market
rate on gold or coupons received on &ucll notes, bonds, or
other securities.
Mr. JOHNSON. I agree with the committee
that this case ought to be provided for; but I am
by no meanssure thatit will be done by the words
proposed to be inserted by my friend from Ohio.
I understand the object of the committee is to
provide that the difference between the nominal
value of gold and coupons and their actual value
as currency in the market should be ascertained,
and that the difference where there is a sale should
be considered as income. That I think is proper,
because that difference is profit. Take the case
of a man who has a thousand dollars' worth of
gold: he goes into the market with it. The amend-
ment says its value shall be ascertained at the
current rate. What is the current rate? Sup-
pose by bad management he receives less than the
market rate, or by good management he receives
more, is he in the one case to pay on the profit
which he has not made, or is he in the other not
to pay on the entire profit which he has made? I
suggest to the honorable member and to the Sen-
ate that I think the object can be attained without
any difficulty by amending the section so as to
make it read as I will read it with the amendment
which I suggest:
Provided, That income derived fiom interest upon notes,
bonds, and other securities of the United States, and pre-
miums received on gold and coupons, shall be included in
estimating incomes.
The amendment of the honorable member from
Ohiosays "premium atthecurrentrate." What
does that mean? My friend from New York, [Mr.
Morgan,] let me suppose, has $10,000 in gold
which he wants to dispose of. He goes into the
market, and he is able to get more than the cur-
rent rate, or he takes less than the current rate, is he
in the first case only to pay upon the profit which
he would have made if he had taken the cur-
rent rate, or is he to pay upon the entire profit;
and in the second case, is he to pay his tax on the
assumption that he has received the current rate
when he has not received it? The object is—I
am sure that is the object of the honorable chair-
man—to tax the actual profit which a man has
made on his income. Whatever he has succeeded
in realizing money by is to be considered as in-
come to the extent that it is worth more than the
