1182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
again in this bill, we felt it our duty to report a
repeal of the exception.
I cannot now state any other reasons than those
I have gi ven. At the last session of Congress we
excepted from the operation of the tax the depos-
its of savings banks, and thus lost to the Govern-
ment revenue §1,000,000. Perhaps Senators may
say that the class of savings banks in many of the
cities, in New York, for instance, are not the class
intended to be described in the exception which
has been made, but the practical effect has been
to deny us any revenue from any banks which are
called savings banks,and if Senators will look to
the returns from the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, they will see that there are no returns
of deposits from any bank in the United States
called a savings bank—none that I have been able
to find, so that the practical effect of this excep-
tion is to lose us $1,000,000 without any good
reason.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. There is a distinction,
and a very marked one, between the deposits of
savings banks and trust companies and those of
ordinary banks. We all know thaton theamount
o£\deposits in an ordinary bank no interest is paid
by the bank, but on the contrary the bank uses
those deposits as capital, and on them makes its
profits. The contrary is the case with savings
banks and trust companies. For every dollar
they receive they pay interest ata given rate; and
in the case of savings banks which are mentioned
in the present law, and which provision was
framed by the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Col-
lamer] at the last session, it is intended to be con-
fined strictly to those of an eleemosynary char-
acter which never expect to make one dollar out
of the deposits for those concerned in the insti-
tution.
It is the same with trust companies. For every
dollar they receive they pay interest. That in-
terest so paid by the trust company or the sav-
ings bank enters into the income of somebody
and is there taxed, and in that way it is reached
and pays perhaps the full half per cent that is
endeavored to be thrown upon it here. The
trust companies and perhaps the saving banks
themselves generally keep a bank account. They
payout no money at their own counters on checks
or drafts, but draw checks themselves on ordi-
nary banks in which they deposit their money.
With trust companies generally the money is not
payable without five days'nottce, and except for
the sums of small depositors deposited with that
understanding the savings banks do not pay out
money except on reasonable notice.
I contend, therefore, that there isamarked dis-
tinction between thecases. Alluding to the prin-
ciple which has been spoken of here, that the de-
sire is to make these taxes equal in their burden
on different classes of the community, it seems
to me that to tax these deposits is imposing an
unjust tax, because the same amount is taxed
twice. The depositors receive their interest or
their dividends, and in one shape or other the
money is already taxed, and to an amount per-
haps equal to that now proposed to be imposed.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President 
Mr. GRIMES. With the consent of the Sen-
ator from Vermont, I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
There are many messages that ought to be re-
ferredand some reports that ought to be made.
The motion wasagreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness. After some time spent in executive ses-
sion the doors were reopened.
MESSAGE FROM TI1B HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 772) to
provide ways and means for the support of the
Government, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bill and joint resolutions; and they were then
signed by the Vice President:
A bill (H. R.No. 621) making appropriations
for the support of the Military Academy for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1866;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 112) for the relief
of .Tames B. Royce; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 164) authorizing
a contract with William H. Powell for a picture
for the Capitol.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The hill (H. R. No. 772) to provide ways and
means for the support of the Government was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
The hour of half past four o'clock having
arrived, the Senate took a recess till seven
o'clock, p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate resumed its session at seven o'clock,
p. m.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a message of the President of the United
States transmitting, in answer to a resolution of
the 23d instant, General Order No. 23, issued by
Major General Banks at New Orleans, February
3, i864; which was ordered to be printed,and to
he on the table.
He also laid before the Senate a report from
the Attorney General, giving a statement of coun-
sel fees paid by his Department; which was or-
dered to lie on the table and be printed.
freedmen's bureau.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to make a report
from a conference committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. Will it give rise to debate?
Mr. WILSON. I cannot tell,but I hope not.
Mr. SHERMAN. It may be received inform-
ally. If it is a question that will give rise to
debate, it will displace our business.
Mr. HALE. I think it will give rise to de-
bate.
Mr. WILSON. I shall agree that it be laid
over if it leads to debate.
Mr. SHERMAN. With that understanding
I have no objection to the report being received.
Mr. WILSON. The committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes 
Mr. DAVIS. The subject had better be an-
nounced.
Mr. WILSON. I am just about announcing
it. The committee of conference on the bill (H.
R. No. 51) to establish a Bureau of Freedmen's
Affairs having met, after full and free conference
do agree to recommend to their respective Houses
as follows 
Mr. DAVIS. I object to the reception of
that report at this time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator means
to the consideration of it.
Mr. DAVIS. To the consideration.
Mr. WILSON. If it is to lead to debate I
should be very glad to have it printed, so that we
can understand it. •
The report was ordered to be printed. It is as
follows:
The committee of conferenceon the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 5i) enitled "An act
to establish a Bureau of Freedmen's Affairs," having met,
after fall and free conference have agreed to recommend
to their respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede from their amendment to th#  said
bill, and the committee agree to the following as a substi-
tute:
An act to establish a Bureau for the Relief of Freedmen
and Refugees.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United Slates of America in Congress assembled, That
there i&> hereby established in the War Department, to con-
tinue during the present war of rebellion, and ior one year
thereafter, a Bureau of Refugees, Freedmen, and Aban-
doned Lands, to winch shall be committed, as hereinafter
provided, the supervision and management of all abandoned
lands, and the control of all subject* relating to refugees
and freedmen ftom rebel States, or from any district of
country within the territory embraced in the operations of
the Army, under sueh iule& and regulations as may he pre-
scribed by the head of the bureau and approved by the
President. The said bureau shall be under the manage-
ment and control ot a Commissioner, to be appointed by the
l'jes-idcnt, by and with the advicc and consent of the Sen-
ate, whose compensation shall be §3,000 per annum, and
such number ot cleiks as may be assigned to lum by the
Secretary of War, not exceeding one chief cleik, two of
the fourth class, two of the thtrd class, three ofthc second
class, and five of the first class. And the Commissioner
and all persons appointed under this act shall, before enter-
ing upon their duties, take the oath of office prescubed in
an act entitled, "An act to prescribe an oath ot office, and
for other purposes," approved July 2,1862. And the Com-
missioner and the chief clerk shall, before entering upon
their duties, give bonds to the Treasurer of the United
States, the former in the sum of $50,000 and the latter in
the sum of §10,000, conditioned for the faithful discharge
of their duties respectively, with secmities to be approved
as sufficient by the Attorney "General, winch bonds shall
be filed in the office of.the First Cornpti oiler ot the Treas-
ury, to be by him put in suit for the benefit of any injured
paitv, upon any bieach of the conditions thereof.
Sec. 2. And be it Jurtker enacted, That the Secretary of
War may direct such issues of provisions, clothing, and
fuel a& he may deem needful for the immediate and tem-
porary hhelter and supply of destitute and suffering refugees
and freedmen, and their wives and children, under such
lules and regulations as he may direct.
Str. .1 And be itfurlher enacted, That the Presidentmay,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, appoint
an assistant commissioner tor each of the States declaied
to be in insurrection, not exceeding ten iu number, who
shall, under the direction of the Commissioner, aid m the
execution of the provisions of this act; and he shall give a
bond to the Treasurer of the United States m the sum of
$20,000, in the form and manner prescribed iu the fiist sec-
tion of this act. Each of s.ud assistant commissioners shall
receive an annual salary of §2.500, in full compensation
for all his services. And any military officer may be de-
tailed anda^signed to duty under this act without increase
of pay or allowances. The Commissioner shall, before the
commencement of each regular session of Congiess, make
full report of his proceedings, with exjnbits of the state of
his accounts, to the President, who shall communicate the
same to Congress, and shall also make special reports when-
ever required to do so by the President or either House of
Congiess. And the assistant commissioners shall make
quarterly reports of their proceedings to the Commissioner,
and also sueh other special reports as from time to time
may be requited.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioner,
und<jr the direction of the President, shall have authority
to set apart ior the use of loyal refugees and freedmen such
tracts of land within the insurrectionary States as shall
have been abandoned, or to which the United States shall
have acquired title by confiscation, oi sale, or otherwise.
And to every male citizen, whether refugee or freedman,
as aforesaid, theie shall be assigned not more .than forty
acres of s>uch land, and the person to whom it is so assigned
shall be protected in tiie use and enjoyment of the land for
the term of three years, at an annual rent not exceeding
sit percent, upon the value of said land as it was appraised
by the State authouties in 1860, foi the purpose of taxation,
and in case no such appraisal can be iound, then the rpntal
shall be based upon the estimated value of the land in said
year, to be aseeitained in such manner as the Commissioner
nay, by regulation, piescnbe. At the end of said term or
ut any tune during said term, the occupants of any parcels
so assigned may purchase the land and receive sueh title
thereto as the United States can convey upon paying there-
for the value of the land, as ascertained and fixed for the
purpose ot determining the annual rent as aforesaid.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That all acts and parts
of acts inconsistent with the provisions of this act are
hereby repealed. HENRY WILSON,
JAMES HARLAN,
W. T. VVILLEY,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
ROBERT C. SCIiENCK,
GEORGE S. BOUTVVELL,
JAMES S. ROLLINS,
Managers on the part of the House•
GOVERNMENT WHARF AT BATH.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask the Senate to take-up
a very small bill, which will not occupy any
time; it is Senate bill No. 318, to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury either to repair certain
property or sell it.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 318) authorizing the Secretary of
the Treasury to sell certain property of the Uni-
ted States when no longer required for the public
service. The bill, as introduced, provided that
in all cases where custom-houses, wharves, docks,
marine hospitals, with the ground whereon they
are built, and other property of the United States,
under the supervision, direction, and control of
the Secretary of the Treasury, and not connected
with the military or naval establishment, shall be
no longer used or required for the public service,
the Secretary of the Treasury, under the direc-
tion of the President of the United States, may
cause the same to be sold, at public auction or
upon advertisement and proposals, for the best
price that can be obtained therefor, and, upon
payment of the consideration into the Treasury
of the United States, make, execute, and deliver
all needful or proper conveyances thereof.
The Committee on Commerce had reported the
bill with an amendment, which was to strikeout
all after the enacting clause, and insert the fol-
lowing:
That the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby authoiized
to lea^o the whitri propertv belonging to the United States
situated at Bath, m the State ol Maine,for a term of years,
the le^ee making all repairs thereupon ; or he may si II tiie
same at hi-; discretion it it is no longer in use or required
for the public service, and he is. hereby authoiized to make,
execute, and deliver all needful conveyances to the pur-
chaser or purchasers thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
