THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PHOOEEDTNGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY F. & J. RIVES, WASHINGTON, I). C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session.^
FRIDAY, JANUARY 27, 1S65.
New Series No. 27.
Mr, STEVENS, I wish to state a matter of
fact which the chairman of the conference com-
mittee seems not familiar with, which the Senate
seemed to overlook, and which was entirely mis-
stated in some remarks made in that body. It
lias been the habit of the House, since the pas-
sage of the act of 1848, to increase the salaries of
its employes—and that was the only-thing pro-
vided for by that law—by making at the end of
the session a gratuity to its employes, payable
out of the contingent fund. I have offered more
than one resolution of that kind, which has been
passed, and the money paid under it. I remem-
ber that there was a special case where one of
our clerks, Mr. Mehaffey, had an addition made
to his saldry by way of a gratuity, and it was
paid out of the contingent fund. I recollected
that that was so; and when I told the chairman
of the Senate committee that it was so, he doubted
it, and I thereupon consulted with the clerks and
was told that I was right in reference to my rec-
ollection. Now, if the Senate are inclined to in-
terfere with our domestic institutions and over-
rule them, I do not feel disposed to let them.
The question being put upon agreeing to the
report of the committee of conference, it was de-
cided in the affirmative.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move that the House
recede from its disagreement to all the amend-
ments of the Senate except the one relating to
the twenty percent, extra compensation.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 move to amend by inclu-
ding all the amendments disagreed to by the
House.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. As that
motion comes from this side of the House, I de-
sire to f;ay a word in opposition to it. It is un-
necessary, I think, for any gentleman to stand
here and speak to the members of this House, or
to persons who may be present in this city, upon
the subject of the necessity of an increased com-
pensation to those employes who are compelled to
live and discharge their duties in this city. It is
well known to every person who has been about
Washington city for any number of yeais past
that the cost of living is far greater m this city
now than it ever was before; and that the cost of
living iss far greater in this city now than it is in
any other city m the United States.
I am aware that there aie gentlemen to whom
this is a matter of light consideration, but J do not
consider it so very high an honor for persons to
come here to swing doors, to act as messengers,
and to do the bidding of members from morning
to night in the streets and through the storm,
that they should work for nothing, find them-
selves, and live in back streets at that. I do
know that no messenger can live in a front street
in Washington comfortably, and pay his hill out of
the compensation he now receives. Every gentle-
man knows that. Then why any squcamish-
ness about increasing the compensation of this
class of persons? We have heard considerable
said from time to time about increasing the com-
pensation of the soldier. We have increased his
compensation, and he occupies a diffeient posi-
tion from the employes of tins House, for he is
furnished his living, and therefore the increased
price of living does not affect him. It does not
come outof his pay. The Government furnishes
it to him. But the messengers of this House, the
civil employes of the Government, (and these re-
marks apply to the employes in the Departments
as well as to the employes of this House,) are
bound all of them to find themselves, and the in-
creased cost of living in this city over what it
was two or three vears ago, besides the mcieased
cost, in this city over other cities in the United
States, demands, as an act of justice on the part
of tins House, that this compensation shall be
iuoieased.
J am sorry to see my friend from Indiana, [Mr.
Hoi.man,] who has been so active upon all occa-
R.ons in hSo! efforts to-mcrrase the pay of the sol-
di''r, now turning round on the faithful employes
of the House and of the Government in a differ-
ent capacity, although, perhaps, not voting in his
27
district, and undertaking to confine them to what
he must know is an inadequate compensation.
Mr. HOLMAN. I know that it is a very un-
gracious task to oppose, especially in the presence
of the gentlemen who are to be affected, a meas-
ure increasing their official compensation, and
argue in favor of a uniform and general rule by
which the employes of the Government in all its
departments shall receive a just compensation for
their services; and it is a very easy and grateful
task for the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Johnson} to argue before the very courteous and
affable gentlemen who are around us, and who,
from day to day aid us so much in the perform-
ance of our official duties, in favor of this in-
creased compensation. It is very pleasantindeed,
sir, and I should, if it were consistent with my
sense of duty, aid the measure with the greatest
pleasure, and would even attempt to rival him in
its advocacy, for to support the interests of friends
is always a pleasant employment.
Hut, sir, what strikes me with astonishment is
that the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sciienck,]
chairman of this committee of conference, is will-
ing to concede appropriations of hundreds of
thousands of dollars which the first committee of
conference, under the lead of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] thought were to-
tally unadvisable, that the House may by pos-
sibility be able to secure this appropriation of
$37,000 for the benefit of gentlemen around us,
the employes of the House.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman will allow
me to coirect him. In the first place, I will in-
form him that the present committee of confer-
ence consideied the merits of these amendments
as well as their amount; they were willing to
yield them, although not the other amendment,
upon their merits and upon the papers submitted
to us. Further than that, the former committee
of conference, as we were informed, came to the
same conclusion.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman has no knowl-
edge of that fact.
Mr. SCHENCK. I had the assurance of each
one of the members composing the conference
committee on the part of the Senate that the sole
question which could have lomained open, if they
could have acted separately upon these amend-
ments, which the committee of conference cannot
do, for it must either agree in the whole or dis-
agree altogether, would have been this one relat-
ing to the compensation of the employes of this
House. Hut 1 want the gentleman from Indiana
to understand that the decision on the part of the
managers of the conference last held wus upon
the merits of each case, and the papers before
them, and was not regulated by this particular
amendment. The intimation, therefore, that we
were willing to yield thousands and hundreds of
thousands of dollars for other purposes and stood
out on this particular point, is not a generous one,
and not in accordance with the fact that we made
special inquiries in each particular case.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not think, judging from
the record, that it can be said that the intimation
is an ungenerous one. With this statement it
would be, hut 1 simply judge, as other members
must do, by the record. The first committee re-
ported a total inability to agree with the conferees
on the part of the Senate withoutany explanation.
Mr. SCHENCK. So do we, for the simple
reason—which the gentleman is parliamentarian
enough to understand—that committees of con-
ference have to report either an entire agreement
or an entire disagreement.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I inferred from the absence
of any statement that the disagreement in the com-
mittee of confeience was on all the points. I
know that the practice has prevailed here on the
part of committees of conference, when they were
unable to agree on all the points, to report that
they were able to agree on certain points and not
on others. But the fact remains that the other
five or six items on which the first committee
differed are to be yielded, and the only question
which remains is whether this item of $37,000 is
to be retained in the bill or not. I can scarcely
believe that gentlemen the employes of the House,
as excellent officers and citizens as I know any-
where, are very anxious to receive a compensa-
tion for their services of one fifth more than is
paid under the general system of compensation
in other departments of public employment. I do
not think it would be very agreeable to them to
receive this increased compensation by an invid-
ious discrimination. It is not, as the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Johnson] seems to inti-
mate, a general compensation of all the employes
of the Government, but of a particular class of
employes whose duties are similar to others. If
there has been such a depreciation of the currency
as to justify increasing the cost of all the neces-
saries of life and requiring a general increase of
twenty per cent., weli and good; but let the in-
crease be general, let the Government be equal
and just in dealing with its citizens. I think that
a body like the Congress of the United States
ought to deal out justice equally, not on a system
of favoritism. The benefits of the Government
and even its favors should fall, like the dews of
heaven, on all alike. Here we discriminate in
favor of our own employes. However worthy
they are, they arc not more so than the employ&s
of the Senate or of other departments of the Gov-
ernment. It does seem to me that the earnest
anxiety on the partof gentlemen to effect this in-
crease of salaries is almost without precedent in
our legislation.
Mf. RAN DALL, of Pennsylvania. The gen-
tleman from Indiana has suggested that there
ought to be a general increase of compensation,
I desire to ask the gentleman whether he would
vote for a general increase of twenty per cent,
throughout all the departments of the Govern-
ment?
Mr. HOLMAN. No, sir; I would not vote
for a general increase of twenty per cent, But I
say that the question before the House is very
different from what it would be if, instead of this
pai tial act of legislation, it were a proposition for
the equal benefit of all persons in the employment
of the Government. Gentlemen cannot fail to
remember that the officers of our Army, whose
compensation was fixed so far back as 1861, be-
fore any depreciation of the currency, are demand-
ing an increase of compensation. They would be
very willing, I presume, to receive an increase of
twenty per cent., and yet there has been no move-
ment on this floor in favor of sucli increase. But
it is salaries now ranging from eighteen hundred
to three thousand dollars a year that must be in-
creased twenty per cent., while the great body of
our citizens, thousands of whom are qualified for
any position, now in Government employment,
are receiving a pittance of sixteen dollars per
month—$192 a year—and with bounties and all
not amounting, so faras the Government pays, to
§350 perannurn. Whatarewe thinking of? Here
are republican legislators favoring a partial in-
crease of compensation in one department of the
Government, now respectably paid, to the extent
of one fifth, while not a voice has been raised in
favor of an increase of the pay of those who are
imperiling health, life, and fortune for the salva-
tion of the Republic. Are some to make all the
sacrifices and others none at all for the public
safety? Neither the Committee of Ways and
Means nor the Committee on Military Affairs
have taken any legislative steps to increase the
pay of the soldier in the field. I, for one, protest
against that partiality which discnmi nates in favor
of one class of Government employes in a matter
in which all are equally interested.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. Is not the
gentleman from Indiana aware of the fact that
when the war commenced the pay of the soldier
was eleven dollars a month ? It was increased by
legislation to thirteen dollars a month, and after-
waid to sixteen dollars. Thus, in addition to
large bounties, the pay of the soldier has been in-
creased twice within three years, while the com-
pensation of the officers of this House has not been
increased at all.
