1184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28.
Whatever money is made goes to those people
"who deposit, and whatever is lost is lost by them;
the bank does not lose anything. Some of our
ordinary banks receive deposits and allow some
interest to the depositors, but it is immaterial in
that case whether the bank loses or gains, it pays
/what it agrees to pay and the profit or loss be-
, .#yond that, is for the stockholders. Most of our
banks pay nothing on deposits. They are taken
for the convenience of depositors and for the profit
  of the bank.
If the word " bank" had not been used in
naming these savings institutions I hardly think
anybody would have ever dreamed of putting
them on the foundation of banks; I hardly think
it would have excited the cupidity of the most
■vigilant who were looking for opportunities to
get money. It is very unfortunate for these in-
stitutions that the word " bank" has been used.
The moment that word " bank" is heard certain
ears are erect at once and the idea is, what is to
be made out of a bank in order to give an advan-
tage to the great nation ?
Mr. President, there is one leading feature in
our system which v/e have been desirous as far
as possible to retain, and that is, that we should
not tax people upon income who had no income
that did not excced $600. 1 am not tenacious
about the amount of §600 particularly. If you
put it at $300 or $400, it would be all the same in
my mind. I refer to it to show that it was not
intended to go down to low-water mark in taxing
the incomes of people; that the poor people were
not to be taxed, if §600 is too large an exemp-
tion, reduce it. I am not now talking about the
evasions of which the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] has several times
spoken, and perhaps very correctly. He thinks
the law should be better executed, and the work
more thoroughly done. I thought so too. 1
think it has been evaded, but I think theie is
somewhere a point, without now deciding where
it is, below which we should not go.
Well, sir, what is the effect of this taxation?
Here are little savings banks, say in New Eng-
land. There are the operatives in our factories.
1 know that a good part of the honorable Sena-
tors who are now listening to me'hardly know
what that word means. They are an order of
people not known among them, but they are a
very large number of people in point of numbers
in New England, and New York, and Pennsyl-
vania, and are getting to be somewhat numerous
in Ohio. These laboring people, men and wo-
men, for there are many females among them,
earn a little beyond their immediate necessities,
say fifty dollars in a year; some of the men lay
by $100 in a year, and they put by that little
saving m the savings bank. They do not putit
all in at once, but at intervals during the year.
I believe there is one of the savings banks in the
city of Boston which is called the Ten Cent Sav-
ings Bank, taking deposits as low as ten cents. I
am toM there is one in New Hampshire which re-
ceives deposits of Jive cents, so as to reach even
the savings of children, the litlle presents that
arc given them which they may deposit there.
Here is a female or a laboring man who has saved
fifty dollars or $100 in the course of a year be-
sides the actual cost of living from day to day.
That female, we will say, lives m Manchester,
New Hampshire, and she goes to my brother
Clark and deposits with him her money to take
cute of it for her, and he lends it out on what he
judges good security for her. Mr. Clark does
that business as a mere charity, getting nothing
whatever for it, and now you propose to say to
him that before ht  shall pay over to her the six
dollars interest on her $100 for a year, if he can get
that much interest on u, from a Government bond
perhaps, thirty-six cents shall be deducted out of
that six dollars and paid over to the Treasury of
the United States year by year. Is not thatgoing
down below low-water mark? Is not that a vio-
lation cleaiiy of the general principle that the in-
comes of poor people shall not be taxed? Is it
not a violation of the principle on which your
$600 exemption rests? Many of these people
after supporting themselves from week to week
and year to year have not even $300 or $500,
and yet it is proposed to say that they shall pay
this income tax. If they lend the money them-
selves they do not pay it, but if they employ the
trustees of a savings bank to lend it for them they
shall pay it. ^Notwithstanding the professions
of the honorable Senator from Ohio as to his in-
ability to comprehend the distinction, I am pretty
sure that a large part of the Senate is capable of
understanding the difference between that and an
ordinary bank, and it is very appreciable to those
who desire to understand it. If these poor peo-
ple have got to pay over one fifth or one sixth
part of their interest before they can get it, the
payment of interest to the depositors ceases in all
our country savings banks at any rate. I do not
see why it will not be the end of them all if they
have got to give a fifth to the Government. Gen-
erally speaking, in these savings banks, after
paying the treasurer, and that is about the only
expense they have except office room, they divide
about five per cent, or sometimes four per cent.,
I do not know of any that ever get above five per
cent., and they have no expense except an office
room and the small allowance to the treasurer for
his trouble in negotiating the money. If you
impose this tax on them the institutions must of
course close up. They cannot exist if you re-
quire them to give up one fifth part of the income
to the Government before they can let these poor
people have the interest they get for them. They
must return them the money to do the best they
can with it themselves.
What good will it do, what benefit will it be,
to have these institutions wihd up their business ?
They are mere charities. They are altogether
eleemosynary. I do not know how it may look
to other gentlemen, but it seems to me that you
might as well undertake to levy a tax upon the
contribution box of the poor, or the contributions
made at the sanitary fairs. There is money there,
and ifall you want is to get hold of money why
not seize on that? I think I could point out to
the honorable chairman of the Finance Commit-
tee a great many subjects which are legitimate
objects of taxation, and which would not be ob-
noxious at least to the objection of grinding the
face of the poor. I would ask why it is that we
have lost $10,000,000 by not taxing the farm stock
in this country? We have not taxed the horses,
the cattle, the sheep " upon a thousand hills" in
Ohio. We have lost millions of dollars, then,
according to the Senator's argument, by not tax-
ing the stock. We have not taxed the machin-
ery in the factories, and instead of there being
$200,000,000 worth of it I undertake to say there
is a hundied times that. Does not the honorable '
Senator believe there is and has been all the while
a large body of hoarded gold in this country in
the hands of the people? We all know that there
are a good many millions. Is there any attempt
to tax it? I have not seen any or heard of any.
How wilt you find it? Make a man disclose it just
as you make him disclose his income. Whether
the men who have hoarded it have lost money or
made money is not very mateiial. Then there
is the whole land, all the real estate of the coun-
try with no tax on it. Why not tax that?
I know not, looking about, why we shall be
neglecting great matters and attending to these
small items. It seems to me, as I have said, com-
ing down below low-watermark. I will not take
up the time of the Senate. Perhaps it is best to
levy contributions on the bread at the sanctuary
and everything of that kind, especially if it goes
to the poor. '
Mr. SHERMAN. We tax plate used forreli-
gious purposes.
Mr. COLLAMER. You do not tax the Eucha-
rist of the church, or anything contributed for the
poor except m this particular.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is very easy to make a
tax obnoxious by selecting particular cases and
showing their hardships. The Senate probably
will remember the celebrated production of Syd-
neySmith,ridiculing the taxation ofGreatBriiam,
and the remark of an eminent speaker in Great
Britain who described the process of taxation and
said that an Englishman was born to be taxed,
lived to be taxed, and died to be taxed. I can
select any tax in this bill and show by the same
character of argument which the Senator from
Vermont uses that it is most terribly oppressive.
We levy a tax on shoes. The ragged urchins
whom we pass daily on the streets on our road to
the Capitol have to pay taxes to the Government
on the shoes they wear. I might show that such
a tax as that is oppressive., odious, infamous; that
a great Government like ours ought not to tax
these poor people by levying a contribution on
their shoes and their clothing. In the same way I
might show that all these taxes are odious.
Why, sir, the food that feeds the poor people
of Massachusetts, the operatives who deposit their
earnings in these savings banks, is taxed on its
way from the plains of Ohio to Massachusetts.
Why add to the price of the food of the poor op-
eratives of Massachusetts and of New England a
little miserable dole of taxation, and take from
the price of their wages by levying a tax of three
per cent, on transportation?
The Senator snould have considered, on the
other hand, that wealthy men in New York and
Boston, desiring to use their money rapidly, or
having no immediate use for it, frequently deposit
for a time in a savings bank $1,000, $2,000, or
$5,000, and if this exception is made they are not
taxed at all. Why does not the Senator take the
other extreme case of a man who having $20,000
on his hands wishing to draw interest on it and
yet to have it where he can withdraw it when he
desires it, deposits it in a savings bank. The Sav-
ings banks receive the deposits of the rich &s
well as the earnings of the poor—perhaps to not
so general an extent as other banks, but there is
nothing to prevent it. I have been told of cases
where they do.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I desire to interrupt the Sen-
ator to say to him that my experience is entirely
different from that. The charters of the savings
banks in New England generally limit the amount
which shall be received, and so far as my experi-
ence is concerned, and it extends to a number of
them, they do not receive deposits over $100, and
the new banks that are formed do not go beyond
Mr. SHERMAN. But how often do they re-
ceive deposits of $100 from the same individual?
Does my honorable friend mean that any one de-
positor's account cannot exceed $100?
Mr. SPRAGUE. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. I warrant you the savings
banks of that kind are comparatively few.
Mr. POMEROY. Except them.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should be willing to ex-
cept them, although I do not like to make excep-
tions in the tax bill. My honorable friend from
Vermont rather makes fun of me on that account.
1 am perfectly willing to except those banks who
receive no deposits except the simple earnings of
the poor people that he talks about. If they lim-
ited their deposits on hand from any one depositor
to $100,1 certainly would not follow such depos-
its; but that is not the case. The Senator, in
order to make a hard showing and a hard case,
makes an exaggerated statement, and thus seeks
to deter us from imposing this tax. There is not
a bank in the United States that might not make
the same showing. I know of people who own
stock in banks, that have but $1,000 or $2,000,
and they live upon that little saving perhaps of a
deceased husband or a dead father. My honor-
able friend has no objection to levying a tax upon
the dividends, upon the deposits, and upon the
circulation of a bank that husbands the resources
of the widow and the orphan.
Mr. COLLAMER. I never said that.
Mr. SHERMAN. No, but you might take
any bank in the United States, and those banks
are generally the depositories of the earnings of the
people, and you may find in every bank as a stock-
holder a widow who depends upon the dividends
of that bank for her daily bread. You may find
in it the deposits of the orphan, and if you take
these extreme cases you might show that every tax
upon your statute-book is oppressive. But, Mr.
President, that is not the way to discuss this ques-
tion. My honorable friend did it at the last ses-
sion, and almost moved my heart for the poor
people of Vermont, and I say now that if this
tax did not reach anybody but those poor people
I should be the last to lay the hand of oppression
upon them; but I know that under this exemption
many others escape.
But my honorable friend said we have other
sources of taxation, and I listened to him in the
hope that he might open up to us some rich
fountains on which we might lay some'of the
burdens. He asks, why not tax land? Why,
Mr. President, the Constitution of the United.
States answers that question. If it were not for
that provision of the Constitution which requires
direct taxes to be apportioned among the States*
