418
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
* Mr. HOLMAN. My friend from Pennsylva-
nia will recollect that there has been no increase
of compensation of the officers of theArmy since
the beginning of the present war. Their com-
pensation remains, as a general thing, what it'
was. My friend talks of the increased pay of the
soldier. If you will point to me valuable citizens
in the pay of the Government, who were receiv-
ing eleven, thirteen, or sixteen dollars per month
when the war began, I will admit the parallel.
\ But it is the increase of these mere pittances'of
compensation that you put against the increase
of salaries which were $1,200,- $1,600, or $3,000,
when the war began, and which it is now pro-
posed to increase. 1 believe, sir, there is no em-
ploye of this House whose compensation is less
than fifty dollars per month; I think I can say
that there is none whose compensation is less
than sixty dollars per month.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman-allow me to correct him? I think that
in the employ of this House there is a class of
men who receive but $1 50 per day. How the
fentleman can make that sixty dollars per month
do not know.
Mr. HOLMAN. My friend is laboring under
a misapprehension.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. 1 think
not.
Mr. HOLMAN. i think that if the gentleman
will look over the reports made by the Clerk to
this House, he will find that there is not a single
Employe of the House whose compensation is less
than sixty dollars per month.
The salaries paid to the employes of this House
vary from sixty dollars per month to three thou-
sand or three thousand five hundred dollars per
year. Yet the gentleman compares the salaries
paid to these civil employes with the pittance which
is paid to the soldier; and I am told as a Democrat,
and told by a Democrat, that it is an ungrateful
task to resist this inciease of salaries on this par-
tial principle of legislation. The Democracy have
become very generous indeed, sir! I remember,
when they have had the power of this Govern-
ment in their hands, that their motto was a rigid
economy in public expenditures, and that, too,
with a full Treasury. Then, sir, no extravagance
in salaries or anythmgelse was tolerated, if the
citizen engaged in the public service it should not
be with the view to a compensation far exceeding
that which is ordinarily received in private pur-
suits. I have yet to learn that the Demociatic
party of this country are becoming eager, by ex-
travagant expenditure and large salaries and costly
establishments, to make this a brilliant Govern-
ment, a splendid Government—splendid in the
emoluments to be realized by those who are in
public employment, but miserable to those who
bear the burdens.
Sir, when gentlemen tell me that the pay of the
employes of this House is small, 1 will ask their
attention to a single fact: that such is the expendi-
ture of this single branch of the national Legis-
lature, so extended and extravagant is the list of
employes by this House, that an increase of only
one fifth—twenty per cent., as now proposer! 
on their compensation amounts to the magnificent
sum of$37,000. Thirty-seven thousand dollars!
This sum is required by the bill for an addition
of one fifth of the amount which is now paid.
How long ago was it that $37,000 paid the whole
expensesofthe House? Yctgentlemen talk about
our employes as being insufficiently and poorly
paid. Sir, if this Government rose to the true
dignity of a republic—if it were not simplv a
republic in name but one in lac mauud uf'ilie
employe in civil life receiving from sixty dollars
per month to $3,000 per year, it would be the
soldier, imperiling all for his country, meeting the
leaden hail of death, who would receive the high-
est compensation, and not the citizen who, in the
peaceful security of private life, advances as he
may his own fortunes without any direct regard
to the welfare of his country. Sir, while 1 remain
upon this floor, representing a constituency who
have made, in common with every other constit-
uency, sacrifices for the public safety, 1 never will
consent to any increase of salaries where they are
reasonably sufficient for the honorable subsistence
of the officer, while the fact remains that the sol-
diers in our Army—an Army that is the pride and
boast of the nation, and filled with the intelligent
and aspiring youth of the nation—are not receiv-
January 25,
ifig a compensation that begins to be commensurate
with that which is paid even for labor in the more
peaceful, quiet, and secure pursuits. Gentlemen
talk about an increase of salaries for the purpose
of enabling our employes to live. Yet the soldier
lives on his sixteen dollars per month, from which
he must support his wife and his little children;
and this meager pay is earned, not in the secure
pursuits of peace, but amid the perils of war. Are
the soldiers alone to make sacrifices?
Mr. Speaker, I object to this method of increas-
ing salaries, and especially to the precedent now
attempted to be set of appropriating money by the
action of a single House, for the argument for
the increase is a resolution of last session. It
is unwise, sir, for either branch of Congress to
attempt to increase the compensation of its own
employes except by the enactmentof a law, The
Senate may well resist the action of the House.
I desire, just as other gentlemen do, to stand
very well with the excellent gentlemen who con-
stitute the officers and employes of this House;
I shall not forfeit their good opinion, if 1 possess
it, by theindependentperformanceof whatl deem
my duty, however much it may affect themselves.
But, independently of this, I should not care. 1
am responsible only to my constituents for the per-
formance of my duties, and I should perform them
fearlessly and earnestly, however much I might
regret that my sense of duty as a Representative
came in conflict with the interests of worthy gen-
tlemen or of proved friends.
I oppose this amendment because it is partial
in its benefits; because I would not see a danger-
ous precedent established, by which virtually
either House, without the concurrence of the
other, may increase salaries; and bepause the
salaries are not so poor as to demand an increase
at a time when sacrifices may well be made by
all. The Senate expresses its opinion against
us, I cannot say with what unanimity; and there
musL be gentlemen upon this floor who, not sim-
ply upon the facore of economy, but upon the
ground of equity and justice, are opposed to this
partial increase because it is partial, because it
applies to only one class of our citizens, when the
principle of legislation ought to apply equally to
all classes of citizens in public employment. If
these gentlemen lmve their compensation in-
creased, the same principle should apply to every
citizen similarly circumstanced in public employ-
ment whose duties are of the same character.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I have list-
ened with some interest to the discussion of this
question, and beg leave to ask the indulgence of
the House to one or two words in reply. 1 un-
derstand that the House during the last session
of Congress passed a resolution increasing the
pay of its employes, and that the Clerk, owing
to some construction which was placed upon the
general law by the Department, did not feel au-
thorized at that time to execute the resolution of
the House. In this bill X understand there is a
provision to cany out what was the declared pur-
pose of the House at the last session of Congress
in reference to the increased pay of its employes,
i say that we cannot, without a violation of the
faith of the House, refuse to adhere to that pro-
vision in behalf of thoseemployes who have been
faithfully discharging their duties from that time
to this.
And, sir, it does seem to me that the arguments
of my friend from Indiana [Mr. Holman] are in-
deed most strange. Why, sir, the expenses of
living here, and to which the employes of the
are especially subjected, have increased
threefold since their compensation was fixed.
Yet the gentleman from Indiana insists that that
compensation^ shall not be increased, but must
remain as it is. ^ He talks about making these
officers exalted in a great Government! There
is nothing of the kind. We only propose to give
them what we have already promised, without
increasing their importance whatever. The gen-
tleman ought to be ashamed to make such an ar-
gument before this House. If he were a farmer,
i presume, in order to carry out his own principle,
when one of his employes called upon him and in-
formed him that he could not live upon his pay
and subsist fyis family, and that he must have it in-
creased, he would turn upon him and use the argu-
ment that he used this morning. If he were a man
of business, and one of his clerks demanded an in-
crease of pay in consequence of the increased cost-
of living, he would I suppose use the same argu-
ment, that his pay had been fixed already in for-
mer times, and therefore he could not grant any
increase.
He alleges that he could not grantthis increase
of pa)(, looking; to his Democratic proclivities. I,
for one, as a Democrat, protest against his doc-
trine on that point. As Democrats we have felt
it to be our duty for years to pay our employes
liberal salaries for the labors which they are called
upon to perform; and in justice to them, as the
cost of living increased, we have increased those
salaries; it is only just to those who serve us.
And I am not to be moved from that position by
any argument addressed to the popular ear in ref-
erence to the discrimination of the pay of our em-
ployes and the pay of our soldiers in the field. I
have been ready to go with my friend from In-
diana step by step for the increase of their pay;
but that is not the question before the House.
The question is, what shall we pay our em-
ployes? The question is whether their compen-
sation is sufficient for their support. Do we pay
them a reasonable compensation for their labor?
We have already answered that it was not; and
we cannot recede from that position without a
violation of our faith to those men who have been
diligently and faithfully discharging their duties.
It seems to me that this House ought to be
prompted to take care of its own interests by giv-
ing to its employes such compensation as it thinks
reasonable. It is a fact not disputed that the em-
ployes of the Senate receive and have been re-
ceiving more pay than the employes of the House.
We have not complained of that; we have only
asked in this exigency of the times that we shall
be allowed to pay to our employes such compen-
sation as will afford them reasonable remunera-
tion for their labors. We have done thai and
nothing more. We have done nothing more than
we are entitled to do. I, for one, do notfeel like
receding from the position taken by the House
upon this question. 1 will not recede at the dic-
tation of the Senate of the United States upon a
question which affects our own employes.
Mr. MORRILL. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
The SPEAKER. There are three propositions
before the House: first, the motion of the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] to recede from
the disagreement of the House to all the amend-
ments of the Senate except the one which has
been under discussion, the appropriation out of
the contingent fund to pay the twenty per cent,
extra compensation to the employes of the House;
second,the motion of the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Holman] to amend by including all the
amendments in the motion to recede; and lastly,
the motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevens] that the House adheie to the dis-
puted fourth amendment in reference to the pay-
ment of the extra compensation.
The first question is upon the motion of the
gentleman from Indiana to amend the motion of
the gentleman from Ohio so as to include all the
amendments in the motion to recede.
The question was put; and on a division there
were—ayes 33, noes 90.
Mr. PIKE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the amendment was not agreed'to.
The question recuriing on the motion of Mr.
Schenck,that the House recede from its disagree-
ment to all the amendments of the Senate except
the fourth,it was put; and there were,on a divis-
ion—ayes 70, noes 43.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. There is
evidently a misapprehension, and I call for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 would suggest to the gen-
tleman that we had better reserve the yeas and
nays for the last proposition, as that is the im-
portant one.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I will with-
draw the demand.
So the motion was agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion that the
House adhere to its disagreement to the fourth
amendment of the Senate.  
Mr. HOLMAN. What will be the effect of
agreeing to that motion ?
The SPEAKER. The House will determine
