THE COK'GBESSIfmi/ GLOBE.
TI-IE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY IK & J. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. G.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 1, 1385.
New S£-Ri£s..t..No. 75.
lands and all kinds of property, including horses
and cattle on the hills of Ohio, would have been
taxed long ago.
Mr. COLLAMER. That direct tax.clause
does not cover any personal property. That has
been decided by the Supreme Court overand over
again.
Mr. SHERMAN. I doubt very much whether
that has been decided in the case referred to.
Land at any rate cannot be taxed unless by ap-
portionment. The honorable Senator agrees to
that; and that principle was extended to slaves,
at least by the declaration of the judges; but my
own impression is that any direct tax of that
kind (although I will not go into the argument)
must be apportioned among the States. Take
the case of land. Why not tax land? The an-
swer is obvious that we can only tax land by
apportioning it among the States; and what then ?
The State of Rhode Island, with her accumulated
wealth and vast resources, with her factories and
ships piled mountain high in that rich State, would
not pay one fifth of the tax that the poor State of
Iowa would. A tax that would be oppressive to
the last degree in one of the new States would not
bear the weight of a finger on the State of Rhode
Island; and so of other States. The State that i
represent is so fortunately situated, wealth has
now so accumulated in that State, that we could
bear a direct tax; and so far as my constituents
are concerned they are perfectly willing to bear
any form of tax, direct or indirect; but it was
not so forty years ago, and a direct tax levied on
the State of Ohio after the war of 1812 would
have crippled the credit of that State.
Mr. COLLAMER. We levied it for three
years afterward.
Mr. SHERMAN. But it was regarded as op-
pressive and soon repealed, while the excise law
was continued for some time. So with machin-
ery. The honorable Senator says we do not tax
machinery; but we tax the product of machinery,
every bit'of it. We do not propose to tax the
savings bank but to tax the product of the sav-
ings bank, the profit made out of it, arid that is all;
the deposit in the savings bank, the result of thS
savings bank. Why not tax gold? I ask the
honorable Senator if he would propose to tax
gold to thus drive it out of our country? Gold
. is one of those articles the most heavy and yet
the most volatile of any in the world; it is lighter
than gas and more timid than a woman, and yet
the heaviest of metals. A tax upon gold would
drive it out of ourcountry as rapidly as our boats
could carry it. Therefore, no one has proposed
to tax gold. The result of such a tax would be
that gold, being in itself movable and easily trans-
ported, would be deposited in the banks of Europe
and left there as a safe deposit for future use. A
tax on gold has never been proposed by any one.
But it is not sufficient to say that there are other
sources of taxation. We come back to this.
Here is an exception made from all other banking
institutions, an exception which I think is not
founded on principle, and which I think ought
to be repealed; and here allow me to say that I
would not have introduced this question again
tins year, but we were compelled to consider it
for this reason: the trust companies of the city
of New York, by a very intelligent gentleman,
came to us and represented that they were on the
(same footing that savings banks were, that they
deposited their money m other banks, that al-
though they were stock institutions and received
their dividends, they ought not to be taxed, and
they demanded to be included in the sameexcep-
tion as savings banks. We found that this ex-
ception would make demands from other corpora-
tions, and that we either had to make one genera!
rule applicable to all, or we had to have a per-
petual struggle with other institutions to come
within the exception of savings banks. With
considerable hesitation, but after much reflection,
we concluded it was wiser and best to remove the
exception. 1 am perfectly willing to take the
vote of the Senate and abide their action on it
•without further debate.
75
Mr. FOSTER. I have received within a day
or two a letter from a very intelligent, practical
man on this subject in my State, from which I
will read a very few words, with the permission
of the Senate: •
li I believe far the greater part of the moneys in savings
banks are the hard earnings of women without protection,
superannuated persons, and young girls and boys."
He then goes on to state a few cases with which
he is acquainted:
"A widow lady has about three hundred dollars in our
savings bank ; an old lady has about the same sum, and a
young man, who is non compos mentis, $300 more, making
$900, the nitciest on which, at five and a half percent, per
annum, the amount paid by the bank, is $49 50. From that is
deducted the national tax of five per cent, on dividends, and
the State tax of three fourths of one per cent, on the cap-
ital, making $9 22, which leaves from the income of the
$900, §40 '28, which is four and a half per cent, net to the
individuals."
It is proposed by the honorable Senator from
Ohio to reduce that little pittance below the four
and a half per cent, which these people now re-
ceive. My friend then adds:
"These three persons pay a greater sum of direct tax
to the General Government than all the farmers in this
town."
And the town where this letter is written would
not be a rich agricultural town in Ohio, but it is
a rich agricultural town in Connecticut, one of
our best townships of land; and these three per-
sons pay now, as he says, a larger direct tax to
the General Government than all the farmers in
the town, for they pay none at all.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 also have received a letter
from a practical person, dated as late as February
25, and I should like to call the attention of the Sen-
ator from Ohio to it. It is from one of the col-
lectors of the internal revenue in Massachusetts,
as familiar with the sources of taxation as any-
body in the State. He has been astonished at
what he read hi the newspapers of the proposi-
tion of my friend from Ohio,and writes to protest
against it. He concurs with the Senator from
Vermont with regard to the character of these
institutions. He writes as follows on that point:
"These savings banks are charities conducted by trus-
tees, without pay or reward, enabling people from their
smalt earnings to safely save small sums, which, aggre-
gated, are ai least one half invested in Government loans."
He then says:
" If it i-s supposed that by this repeal the deposits in sav-
ings hanks will be diverted into Government securities the
an&wer is that now at least one half of the deposits of these
banks are already so invested. This tax upon them will
prove their annihilation, and the course mu^t be to wind
them up   d either sell these securities in competition wnh
the Government or divide them among depositors. It will
work no new investment in Government loans, even if
any of them can stand this tax. To state the proposition
is to refute its policy. They can receive fur interest but
six per cent.; the Slate tax is already three fourths of one
per cent., the United States tax on dividends five per
cent., and the income tax, I think, one fourth of one per
cent. moie. Then this additional tax makes four percent.
Tliere is left to depositors only uvo per cent. Esciy sav-
ings bank in this State, and, f behove, throughout the coun-
try, must neces&atiJy close its doors if that proviso in the
one hundred and tenth section is repealed."
That is a complete answer to the speech of my
friend from Ohio; but he will pardon me if I ex-
pose in one word the fallacy of his argument. He
assumed that the savings banks were something
which they are not. He assumed that they were
like a trust company, that they were like any other
bank or any other corporation. They are not.
My honorable friendfrom Yermontemphatically
testified to that when he designated them so com-
pletely as charities that you mightas well under-
take to tax the Eucharist itself as to tax them.
When you tax savings banks you tax a charity,
you tax the poor, and the poorexclusively. Your
tax is not general, applicable to the rich and the
poor and that large intermediate class between
the rich and the poor, which is the case with ail
other points of taxation, but it is a tax that strikes
absolutely and exclusively the poor.
My honorable friend from Ohio said that the
poor boy on his way to school must stop to get
his pair of shoes, anu he might not have the money
to buy them, and yet he must pay the tax on those
shoes. But, sir, there was the fallacy in the illus-
tration of my honorable friend. The tax or* shoes
is a tax equally on rich and poor. Every man
wears shoes, and every man therefore pays the
tax on shoes, and we all know that it is one of
the incidents of life, it is one of the incident of
poverty, that a tax on shoes or clothes or food or
any of those articles which are required by the
poor, of course is felt more by them than by the
rich. But for that very reason, when you come
to a case where the tax is absolutely and exclu-
sively on the poor and not on the rich, you should
hesitate. My friend from Ohio is clearly mis-
taken. He gives a bad character to the savings
bank, and then proceeds to tax it. He calls it
something that it is not, and then proceeds to tax
it for what he chooses to call it and not for that
which it really is.
Now, sir, 1 insist that its true character shall
be recognized as a charity for the benefit of the
poor, and on that account I claim its immunity
from taxation.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, I have listened
with great attention to the argument made in fa-
vor of excepting savings banks. In the first place
the honorable Senator from Vermont [Mr, Col*
lamer] argued the question de minimis; that ia
that these banks are so small that they ought to
be exempted, their deposits are too small; but it
still remains for him to show that they are not
banks of deposit and loan. It does not matter
what you call a bank. That does not change its
character. It still remains to inquire what is the
nature of it. What is the nature of the business
which it does? I believe that all banks may be
divided into two classes, and I think they are so
divided by political economists: banks of deposit
and loan, and banks of issue and circulation.
What is the difference then between a savings
bank, where the deposits are five cents, and one
where the deposits are $500, except in quantity?
There is none in quality. But if we except sav-
ings banks where the deposits only are five and
ten cents and twerity-five cents, and the holders
are poor people, shall we not exempt those where
the holders are rich people, and where deposits
are in large quantities? There is no proposition
made here to exempt those banks where the de-
posits are vory small in amount, but it is to ex-
empt all savings banks. I do not see the force
of this argument de povertate: because these peo-
ple are poor, ergo they are to pay no tux. The
poor are taxed everywhere. You talk about tax-
ing the savings of a sewing woman. Do you not
tax the coal that warms her feet by the fire ? You
tax the light by which she sews; you tax the cot-
ton she sews, and the needles and everything
else; and yet her earnings are to be exempt. But
she loans to the Government. Well, if sheloans
to the Government who pays better interest than
the Government? Who is it that pays six per
cent, in goid in return for the loan of paper now
reduced to fifty cents on the dollar? But what do
your savings banks do with their gold when they
get it? They go across the street and sell it again
for paper at fifty cents on the dollar, and thus
double the interest, and make twelve per cent, in
that way, because although the dollar they get in
exchange for the goid may not be a dollar as to
anybody else, it is a dollar as to this Government
and this people; we are bound to redeem it some
day; make it good some day.
Then again it is put on the ground of charity.
Charity! Wherein does it resemble a charity?
Gentlemen say because certain humane individu-
als administer itfreeof charge. Is thatacharity ?
I have heard of many humane individuals who
administer savings banks free of charge running
away with the bank and all the money. These
humane individuals may manage them very well
at times, hut [ should be rather inclined to think
that they make their own accounts upon that
score. But what I mean to say is that that is no
argument against taxing the fund, against taxing
this accumulation of property, because the offi-
cers volunteer to conduct the institution gratui-
tously; it is no reason why this mass of property
liable U> taxation should be exempt, It bears no
