420
the congressional globe.
January 25,
extended to them the privilege of seats on the floor,
and the right of participating in debate relating to
matters proposed by them.
In order, Mr. Speaker, that the House may the
better understand what is proposed by the second
section, I will ask the Clerk to read the amend-
ments to the rules which the committee recom-
mend.
The Clerk read, as follows:
•Amendments to the Rules, reported by the Select Committee.
Thatthe Clerk of the House of Representatives shall keep
a notice-book, iu which he shall enter, on the lequest of
any member, any resolution requiring information from any
of the Executive Departments, or any question intended to
bfc propounded to any of the Secretaries, or the Postmaster
Generator Attorney General, jeJating to public affairs or
to the business pending before the House, together with tlie
name of the member and the day when the same will be
called up.
Tlie member giving notice of such resolution or question
Hhall, at the s=aine time, give notice that the same shall be
called up on Monday or Thuisday of the succeeding week:
Provided, That no  uch resolution or question bhull be
called up, except by unanimous consent, within less than
three days after notice shall have been given.
The Clerk shall, on the same day on tyfticli notice is en-
tered, transmit to tho chief officer of tlie proper Department
a copy of the resolution orquesuon, together with the name
of the member proposing tho --aim:, and of the day when it
will come befote the House for action.
On Monday and Thursday of each week, before any other
business shall be taken up, except by unanimous consent,
the resolutions and questions shall be taken up in the order
in which tUey have been enteied upon the notice-book for
that day.
The member offering a resolution may state succinctly
the object and scope of his resolution and tho reasons for
desiring the information, and tlu* Secretary of the proper
Department may i eply, giving the inibimamm or tho reasons*
why the same should be withheld, and then, without fur-
ther debate, the House shall vote on the lesolution, unless
it shall be withdiawn or postponed.
In puuing any question to the Secretaries, or tho Attor-
ney Generator Postmaster General, no argument or opinion
is to be offered, nor any factstated, except *o far as may be
necessary to explain such question. And m answeiingsuch
question, the Secretary, tin* Attorney General, or Postmas-
ter General, shall not debate the matter to which the same
refers, nor state facts or opinions other than those necc^sary
to explain the answer.
Mr._ GANSON. At present, Mr. Speaker,
there is no authorized mode of communication
between these executive officers and the House
in regard to matters of legislation. The object
of the resolution is to enable Congress to avail
itself of thQ best possible menus of information
in regard to measures of legislation on which it
may be called to act. The headd of Departments
have necessarily a more thorough and intimate
knowledge of what is requisite in legislation, so
far as their Departments are concerned, than
members of the House. They also have the ex-
perience of heads of bureaus, men who have been
engaged for a long time in their public duties, and
who are familiar with the details of their respect-
ive Departments. It is necessary that the knowl-
edge thus acquired shall, in some manner, be com-
municated to tin's House for its proper action in
reference to various measures of a public character.
Tlie President of tlie United {States isexpressly
authorized by the Constitution to require the heads
of these Departments to give their opinion iu
writing in regard to any matter relating to their
respective Departments. But this House cannot
compel the giving of this information. Tho ne-
cessity for it is so great that it has grown into a
uniform custom for the Executive to transmit with
his annual message, and at other timee, commu-
nications from these officers to the House*, recom-
mending legislation. The necessity fortius com-
munication is so great that the heads of these
Departments seek private interviews with the
members of the House; they attend the sittings
of the various committees; they have oral and
written communication of an unauthorized nature,
necessarily. Now, we propose that, instead of
this, they shall have the right to come upon the
floor of the House, and in the face of the Repre-
sentatives of the people and before the nation,
not only give the information which they possess
in regard to proposed legislation, but that they
may urge the passage or the defeat of these meas-
ures, as the public interest and the welfare of the
country may require.
It may be objected to this that we are giving to
the heads of these Departments additional and
dangerous powers. I have no doubt, Mr. Speaker,
that if this bill beadopted it will give totheheads
of these Departments an influence which they do
not now possess; but it will be a due influence,
instead of one that is undue. It will remove from
them the necessity of having secret, unauthor-
ized, irresponsible communications with the mem-
bers of this House or us committees, and to sub-
stitute for that their duty to appear upon the floor
of the House, in the presence of the Represent-
atives of the people and before the nation, to dis-
close the objects and purposes of the measures
that they may desire to have passed. When this
privilege shall have been conferred upon them and
this power given to them, it will be unbecoming
the heads of the Executive Departments to have
these secret, silent, irresponsible interviews—this
secret, private solicitation of the measures neces-
sary for their Departments. When the doors of
this House are thrown open to them, when they
can come directly into the presence of the Repre-
sentatives of the people and advocate their meas-
ures, they will have no occasion to use this invis-
ible, intangible, irresponsible influence which
every one now feels but cannot touch.
It may be objected that the project does not
harmonize with the theory of our Government.
But, sir, why are we here? To represent the
people,and to provide such legislation as the wel-
fare of the countryand the interests of the people
require. In order that this may be well and faith-
fully done, it is ourduty to procure all the knowl-
edge in our power to enable us to actintelligently
upon these subjects. That knowledge is neces-
sarily, in many instances, lodged exclusively in
the Departments over which these executive offi-
cers preside. We have now no mode of reaching
it with certainty and bringing it before us with
promptitude. On the 21st day of December last
a resolution was introduced into this House to
ask what communications had passed lelative to
the exchange of pusoners. One month having
expired, on the 21st of January we have a report
upon that subject. If this bill should become a
law, three days' notice will be served upon the
head of any Department, and he will be required
to come here and answer the questions pro-
pounded. It will facilitate our business; it will
aid us in our legislation.
Furthermore, (and this I regard asits most im-
portant feature,) this measure will impose upon
these officers a direct responsibility to the people,
in the presence of their Representatives, tor the
faithful discharge of their executive duties. In
addition to that, it will enable these officers, if
they are impioperly charged by any portion of
the public, to come upon the floor of this House
and make known the truth, so that if they are
right they may be justified, and if they are wrong
they may be condemned.
I would ask the attention of members of the
House to some illustrations appended to the re-
port in regard to the difficuliy in obtaining in-
formation, and of its unreliable character. After
reading those, and after recalling to their recol-
lection numerous instances of the same kind that
have occurred, they will, I think, he satisfied of
the merit of this measure in this respect,
Mr. Speaker, it was the practice, in the earlier
and better days of the Republic, for the heads of
these Departments to come upon the floor of the
House to furnish information of facts and to sub-
mit to inquiiies; and I ask the Cleik to lead from
page 6 of the report some circumstances of this
character.
The Clerk road, as follows:
"k Wednesday, July22,1789.—Tlfcc Secretary of Foreign
Affaus [Mr. Jefrbi'von] attended, .igiceably to older, and
made the necessity explanations.'—Jlnnals of Coiigrcss,
First Congress, vol. 1, p. ol.
" * Sutui day, August 22, 17S9.—The Senate acain entered
on executive"business. The Piesulentof the United States
came into the Senate Chamber, attended by General Knox,
[Secretary of Wai.J and laid befoie the Senate the lollow-
mg statement of facts-, with the question's theicto unnevud,
for their advice and consent.'—*dnnal$ of Cong) ess, Fust
Cjnviess, vol. I, p, Gii.
'•And again, on tlie ."Monday following, the Piesldcnt and
Geneial Knox wore befou'the Senate.
"' Fi idav, August 7, 1781) —The following message was
received from the PieMdent ot the United Mates, by Gen-
eral Knox, [the Soerctdiy of War,] who delivered theio-
wirii snndiy statements and papeis relating to the same.'
—Proceeding? of Home of Rep) esentativcs, Jinnals of Con-
g>ess, vol. 1, p 684.
£ Monday, Augu«t 10.17S9.—The following message was
received fioin the Pierfidenr. by Geneial Knox, [Secretary
of War,] who delivered in the same*, together with state-
ment of the troO')-, m the seivico of the United Statf<.5—
Proceeding* of I finite of Representatives, Jinnals of Con-
gress, vol. 1, p. 6cS9.
Instances ot this kind might bo almost indefinitely mul-
tiplied, but these serve sufficiently to exhibit the piaetice
established at an early day by those who framed the Con-
stitution."
Mr. GANSON. These instances occurred in
the regular proceedings of the House, it never
being in executive session. I make these remarks
because, as I understand, the gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr.# Morrill] has denied that it was the
practice for these persons to appear upon the
floor.
Mr. MORRILL. I merely contended that such
instances never occurred in the House, but only
in the Senate, with regard to executive commu-
nications.
Mr. GANSON. Two of these instances are
from the proceedings of the House of Represent-
atives, not of the Senate.
But, Mr. Speaker, i do not see why it is proper
for the heads of these Executive Departments to
go upon the floor of the Senate and participate
m its proceedings to this limited extent, and not
proper for them to have an opportunity to do so
upon the floor of the House. The only objection
that I can see to it is that it will enable them to
exercise this influence to which I have referred.
If any influence is to be exercised over the mem-
bers of the House it should be open, authorized,
done in the presence of the Representatives and
before the people of the country. And the point
I make is that we are subject to that influence
now, and that it is exercised in a secret, unau-
thorized, private, irresponsible manner. We de-
sire, sir, by this measure to substitute tf respon-
sible exercise of this influence for one that is
irresponsible.
I regard the proposed measure as a decided
step toward the people. I regard itas important
in securing popular rights. I know that the pro-
ject has been proposed frequently of electing these
public officers in order that they may be directly
responsible to the peoplefor the faithtul discharge
of their public duties. This is a measure of like
character, only not so direct as the one which
would confer upon the people the right to elect
these officers. They have no control over them
other than to compel them to come in the presence
of members and give reasons for their conduct.
1 regard it as important, not only as being just
to the officcrhtmself,but as furnishing additional
means for detecting faithlessness in the discharge
ofexecutive duty. Doesany gentleman suppose,
if this right had existed in 1860-61, when privy
conspiracy was being concocted in this House and
in the Departments; that if this right had then ex-
isted in the Representatives of the people to call
the heads of Departments upon this floor to ex-
plain why they were disposing of the public prop-
erty, why they were removing vessels at such
distance so that they could not be used in time,
and why they were selling the arms and munitions
of war of the Government; does anybody doubt
that there would have been an earlier disclosure
and defeat of thatconspiracy ? 1 think not. The
House was then required to go through the forms
of creating committees for the [>uipose of insti-
tuting investigations, and the Sergeant-at-Arms
had to be sent with subpenas for tho persons who
were to be examined. All these difficulties had to
be encountered to reach these coneoctors against
the Government of the country.
It was my purpose, Mr. Speaker, to do nothing
more at this time than to explain to the House
the provisions of this measure,and to give some
of the leading considerations which induced the
committee to report it favorably to the House. I
leave to my associates on the committee, and the
other gentlemen who may engage in the debate,
the duty of discussing in detail the merits of the
measure.
1 hope, sir, tliot it will pass, believing, as I have
said already, that it is a direct step toward the
people and the security of popular rights. If it
is adopted it will furnish more direct means of
communication between this House and the Ex-
ecutive Departments, it will be open, author-
ized, responsible. It will give the House power
to detect faithlessness in its officers. It will re-
lieve us from private solicitations, and from act-
ing upon private and unreliable information. It
will enable us to discharge our duties more satis-
factorily. I hope, therefore, the resolution will
be adopted.
Mr. PIKE. If itis in orderto move an amend-
ment at thisstage of the resolution, I have one to
suggest. The resolution provides that ail the
heads of Departments may occupy places upon the
floor of this House. I notice a very grave omis-
