1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
421
sion, that the head of the Department of Agricul-
ture is not included.
Mr. GAN80N. There will be no objection to
include that, if the gentleman desires it.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Speaker, riot having the
time necessary to prepare a minority report, I
shall yet usp the materials gathered for that pur-
pose in the form of a speech. The framers of
our system of government incorporated so much
that is wise and good from the ^British constitu-
tion, steering clear, however, of its aristocratic
features; the rights and liberties of the people of
both countries are so similar, save that here they
are multiplied and expanded by the American sen-
timent of universality; and the statutes and legal
literature of the American and English courts have
so much in common, that it is not wonderful to find
some untransportable prescriptions or usages,
tolerable enough for Englishmen, but hitherto
lejected by us, still exciting the lingering regret
of some gentlemen whose democratic affinities
remain unimpeachable.
The pro ject introduced by my friend from Ohio,
[Mr. Pendleton,] that members of the Presi-
dent's Cabinet shall hold seats in the House of
Repiesentatives, it is, perhaps, not unfair to pie-
sume, results from a study and admiration of the
Biitish example, as it could hardly be asked of
us to copy from the rebel States or from Spain,
Costa Rica, or even Hayti. He proposes to
modify the custom by giving the Secretaries seats
with power of speech, and to compel them to be
present two days of each week to answer to reso-
lutions and interrogatories of which previous no-
tice shall have been given, but without the right
of voting.
Not having been able to agree to this proposi-
tion as now presented, I shall, as one of the mi-
nority of the select committee, present some of
the reasons for my dissent, and try to show that
the plan is opposed to the genius of our institu-
tions, that it would be cumbrous, expensive, un-
warranted by the Constitution, and accompanied
by evils which would far more than counterbal-
ance the advantages sought to be obtained. As
the question is now seriously presented, I hope
that gentlemen of more ability and more knowl-
edge of the subjects involved than I possess, will
discuss the negative and, as I think, the Ameri-
can side of the question.
It is obvious that what may harmonize with
the Britsh constitution might prove very incon-
gruous and even mischievous to that of the Uni-
ted States. It may be useful to point out some
of the broad distinctions, the incompatibilities,
between the two.
The English idea is the conservation of mon-
archy, nobility, and an established church. The
Amcucan idea is to maintain the principles of 1776,
or that all men were created equal, with certain
inalienable rights, including that of worshiping
God according to the dictates of conscience. The
American Congress, though having many similar
functions, is very unlike the British Parliament.
The House of Commons is elected for seven
years. Here the House of Representatives is
elected for two years only. We have a salary,
equal to a moderate support, and no man is ex-
cluded on account of his poverty. A member of
the Houscof C^mmonsdraws little or no pixy, is
subjected to heavy expenses, and cannot be sworn
into office unless possessed of an annual rental of
a specified amount. None but wealthy men can
there afford to be even candidates, and poor men
are wholly precluded. The House of Peers is
mainly hereditary or composed of membeis for
life, and all new appointments emanate exclu-
sively from the Crown. Each peer in the House
of Lords is there in his own behalf and represents
nobody else. Here the Senate is elected by State
L^islaturesforsix yearsonly, and represents the
several States. Great Britain is governed by the
aristocracy and the monarchy. The House of
Peers and the wealthy aristociacy really nominate
or control a majority of the House of "Commons.
Compromises have nearly always been made be-
tween the monarchy and aristocracy. Only when
they have been at variance has the power of the
Commons increased. With the appointingpower
in the hands of the Crown, threatening an aug-
mentation of members and a dilution of the peer-
age whenever a sufficient exigency arises—a meas-
ure always dreaded by the existing peers, whose
value diminishes inpropoitien aa they are multi-
plied—these titled parties are nearly balanced if
they happen to be in conflict. When they act
together they are, irrespective of the people, om-
nipotent, andthe people havenocheckupon them
except through a free press, that gicatagitator in
behalf of human rights and common avenger of
wrongs. The United States Government was or-
dained, has been sustained, and will be maintained
by the people. It has confidence in and relies
upon the people. The policy of every Adminis-
tration is biennially reviewed and approved .or
disapproved by the ballots of not less than four
or five million jurors. A verdict thus given, next
to the fiat of Heaven,commandsandreceivesour
acquiescence.
The President is almost as much the represent-
ative of the people as the House of Representa-
tives. He is elected for four years, or twice as
long; as a member of the House and two thirds
of the term of a Senator. He has constitutional
rights not to be invaded by Congress. His Cab-
inet are his confidential and constitutional ad-
visers, and responsible to him, and only to him,
within the law and the Constitution. If he does
not choose wisely or they act wrongly, four years
is sure to terminate, his and their career. The
people decide the whole matter, unless such cases
of delinquency arise as merit impeachment, and
the people will and should hold the President to
a just responsibility. They will not consent to a
bureaucracy—a government by the heads of De-
partments, not elective, but holding their offices
oy executive appointment. The Presidentshould
not be permitted to shirk off his responsibilities
upon subordinates. He can call around him the
ablest men of the country, as it is his duty to do,
and if he does not do so, or if, having done so, he
takes no counsel at their hands, he alone is ac-
countable.
It is otherwise in Great Britain. The throne
is never vacant, and by a considerable fiction it
is assumed that the Crown can do no wrong.
There the ministers alone are held to responsi-
bility. If they advise measures which Parlia-
ment in face of their tact and eloquence determines
against them, it is equivalent to a vote of want of
confidence, and they lose their official places, or
must venture upon the result of a dissolution of
Pailmment and a new election. But the mass of
the British people are only lookers on, while a
few electors decide the issue presented.
The number of Englishmen and Welshmen
voting in 1859 was only 341,830 out of an adult
male population of 4,500,000. If all had voted
who were entitled to vote not more than one man
in five could have done so. In a population of
20,000,000 less than one in twenty arc voters. The
whole number of registered voters was 918,683.
Of these the average number requited to make a
member of Parliament was G91,anda majority of
that number is 346, the actual number necessary
to elect. Representation in proportion to num-
bers or population is entirely set at naught. The
counties, with 507,754registered electors, return
159 members, but the Jess populous boroughs,
with only 410,929 registered electors, return 339
members, or more than twice the number of mem-
bers and at the same time with 100,000 less voters.
The ministry govern only by parliamentary
majorities, and to this end seats to them become
indispensable. They strive to absorb the men
of distinction, the Broughams, Peels, and Glad-
stones, and the task of leading the crowd of un-
distinguished " voting members," as they are
called, is thus made easy. Such a form of fLov_
ernmeiu may be well enough adapted to a affiall
island, but would most likely fail in a large con-
tinental country. If England had conceded to
the American colonies the right to representation
she would soon have become demociatized, and
the character of her Government would have been
wholly changed. To talk of her as a representa-
tive Government like that of the United States is
an absurdity. Words are said by a distinguished
writer to have power when we see a man behind
them. Representatives certainly should have
power in proportion to the number of men behind
them. With such a test my friend from Michi-
gan, [Mr. Upsotf.] with his 25,000 voters should
count about equal to thirty-live members of Par-
liament. and our Speaker, [Mr. Colfax,] with
his 28,000 Jndianians, should be equal to forty.
And this is the difference between the American
and the British standard of representation.
The excitement of an English election, even
with so few participants, is far from inconsider-
able. The multitude, whe look on while the vot-
ing proceeds viva voce, cheer or hiss the voter as
they may be pleased or displeased with the vote.
The expense is not small, and the corruption is
formidably. But whatever the result, whether the
ins or ou&''are Whigs or Tories, the inevitable
rule of the aristocracy prevails. The Whigs in
power ore almost as reluctant to press reforms as
their adversaries, and the Tories out of power
are as eloquent in popular cries as those who have
got their places by more liberal votes when in an
irresponsible minority. The only difference be-
tween the oligarchical parties would seem to be
that one party yields nothing,for example,in the
way of extending the right of suffrage, lest in the
end itshould be forced to yield all; theotherparty
would concede something now lest in the end it
should be forced to give up all. Neither are be-
lievers in universal suffrage. Both arealike averse
to it, and they only disagree as to the wisest
method of warding it off. With such issues an
oligarchy, dwelling compactly together within a
small territory, maybe able to maintain itself for
an indefinite period, or until the masses discover
that, whosoever wins, they are lost. North, Pitt,
Peel, and Palmerston, each prolong their premier-
ship for years, and yet British statutes present
few ear-marks by which the Tory or Whig would
be discovered.
If the Government of the United States had to
bear the strain of a new national election, in ad-
dition to elections already provided for, whenever
an Administration measure should be defeated, it
wot^ld keep us in endless confusion and instabil-
ity. The periodical return of these excitements is
enough without thecometary visitations incident
to a change of ministry to perplex the nation still
more. The acquiescence of the American people
in the decisions of the majority has been promi-
nently evinced in our whole history, with but a
single exception, and that exception we are so
rapidly washing out with blood and erasing with
the sharp points of the bayonet that it will be
remembered only to be shunned ancl execrated.
Let us concede that it might not be possible fur
Great Bi itain to adoptour form of Government—
universal suffrage, voting by ballot, and frequent
elections—and succeed. By her own confession
she has less than a million people capable of
self-government, for less than that number are
permitted to vote. It would be quite as unwise
for us to adopt many things which are the daily
food of Great Britain, especially the commingling
of the executive with the legislative department.
The examples to be found in some other Gov-
ernments, where the sovereign power is lodged in
the Executive, furnish an argument not for but
against the adoption of the scheme proposed. It is
not inconsistent with their theory, and their ex-
arnplp is one we strove and yet strive to avoid. In
France it makes no difference whether Richelieu
and LouJsXIV,ortheRevolution and Napoleon,
nor whether Louis Philippe or Louis Napoleon
are triumphant, the grand march of centralization
proceeds ever the same, and the executive power,
by whomsoever wielded, maintains its primitive
vigor with no signs of feebleness or decrepitude.
Because Louis Napoleon permits his ministers to
enter one or both of the legislative bodies which
he has ordained and licensed, and insists that they
shall be heard, it by no means follows that the
United States should be swift to copy the latest
French pattern. Nor can Spain or even modern
Greece yet be invoked as our instructors. If all
Europe led the way, and Brazil and all the twink-
ling stars of Central America followed in the train,
our own time-honored example, in a case of this
character, would be for us a higher, nobler, and
safer precedent for abiding reverence and future
practice.
I know that it is not proposed to extend this
measure beyond a seat in this House to members
of the Cabinet, with the liberty of speech. No
greater innovation is at present contemplated.
But it may be doubted much whether the half
of the Biitish example is better than the whole.
The Secretaries, if the measure passes, may be
inleuogated and foil to give satisfactory answers.
They may lose the confidence of the House, and,
retaining the confidence of the President, there
they are still to remain till the end of the term.
Their failure may be onlyan inaptitude of speech
