1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1187
Mr HENDERSON. That is all I want done
in this case, i want the bank to pay on the de-
posit account.
Mr. HOWE. Bat if the money is deposited
in a savings bank, the bank gets no benefit from
it, the depositor gets the whole benefit from it,
and is taxed on that benefit as income. That is
the difference.
Mr. HENDERSON. Let me ask the Senator
whether he would exempt a trust company from
the operation of this tax.
Mr. HOWE. No.
Mr. HENDERSON. Now, I submit to the
Senator in all candor, what is the difference be-
tween them in principle?
Mr. HOWE. The Senator himself has just
stated in explicit terms what the difference is. A
trust bank is a bank which uses its deposits for
its own benefit, paying an equivalent to the de-
positor, to be sure.
Mr. HENDERSON. They pay a certain per
cent, on their deposits and expect to realize on the
advanced interest they make. Sometimes they
lose, sometimes they make. Now, I ask the Sen-
ator if there were a trust bank and a savings
bank in his town, would he not deposit in the
one or the other just as he supposed would be
profitable to himself?
Mr. HOWE. Certainly I should.
Mr. HENDERSON. Then why should we
exempt the one and not the other? If a man in a
town in New England or in the city of New York
has money to deposit, and he prefers depositing
in a savings bank where he calculates to make
more, why is it that it ought not to be taxed?
Why should it be exempted when if the same
amount wasdeposited inanother institution, with
an expectation of benefit also, it would be taxed?
Mr. HOWE. The question that the Senator
put exposes the fallacy of his argument, if 1 put
my money into a trust bank which pays me four
per cent, and uses the money, I am taxed on the
four per cent. If I put it into a savings bank
which pays me all the money earned, 1 am taxed
on ail its earnings. In the one case, the trust bank
gets a profit from the deposit over and above what
it pays the depositor, and therefore is taxed for
its deposits. In the other case, the savings bank
gets nothing, but pays the whole earnings to the
depositor; arid yet you insiston taxingthe savings
bank which earns nothing, and also taxing the
depositor, who gets all that is earned.
Mr. HENDERSON. The depositor, as I un-
derstand it, earns all in the one case, and in the
other he may not corn all. The difference between
depositing in a bank of deposit and circulation and
in a trust bank or a savings bank is just the dif-
ference between an insurance company made up
of capital stock subscribed and a mutual insur-
ance company where every man becomes a mem-
ber of'the company. Suppose I want to start a
savings bank m my town; I gather together fif-
teen or twenty persons and we determine to make
our deposits in the institution-, other individuals
after awhile finding that it was a safe institution
Would come up and deposit. We would elect offi-
cers, and those officers would loan the money and
collect it, and after paying the expenses of the
officers, the salaries necessary to secure the dis-
charge of their duties, we would divide the profits.
I say that there is no difference, and there ought
to be no difference, in the burdens levied by the
Government on the depositor in a savings bank
and the depositor in a bank of circulation and de-
posit, because the man expects to be benefited
whether he depo&its in one or the other. I cannot
see and never could see any reason for making
this exemption.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator from Missouri,
Mr. President, called the attention of the Senate
to the amount of the deposits of the discount banks
and of the savings banks in various States of the
Union, and compared one with the other. He
compared, for instance, the deposits in the dis-
count banks m my State with the deposits in the
savings banks, and he found that the deposits in
the savings banks were huger than the deposits in
thediscount banks. Did the Senator fora moment
consider what those deposits represented ? The
deposits in the discount banks represented the bal-
ances on hand by men who were doing business
and depositingin those banks at a given day. The
depositsin the savings banks represented the earn*
ings of those depositors for years. Take the
average of deposits in the savings banks in New
Hampshire. I think the Senator said it was
about $160 to a depositor. Will he tell me how
long one of these depositors had been in putting
that #160 into bank? It might have been put in
in five cents, in ten cents, in twenty-five cents, in
one dollar, in five dollars,and perhaps in ten dol-
lars, as the person might have earned and saved,
and so in years it had got up to be $160, whereas
a man depositing in a discount bank might have
deposited $160,000 in the same time, drawing out
and putting in ponlinually. There is no com-
parison between the two classes of deposits.
Mr. HENDERSON. Let meask the Senator
upon what principle it is that we tax a deposit in
a bank of circulation?
Mr. CLARK. Upon the principle that the
bank which there is a rich institution takes the
deposit and makes money out of it. • 
Mr. HENDERSON. Isubmit to the Senator
if he does not know that in ninety-nine cases
out of a hundred banks of issue do not thank
their depositors for the use of the money Does
he not know that banks of issue generally do not
desire deposits, but keep them as a favor to the
customers of the bank?
Mr. CLARK. In my country they all invite
them.
Mr. JOHNSON. Some pay interest.
Mr. CLARK. Not a month before I came
away from home there was a scramble between
the banks in my town as to who should have the
United States deposits.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator says the
banks of issue in his State invite deposits. It is
strange to me that six and a half millionsgo into
the savings banks when only §1,725,000 alter all
these invitations succeed in getting into banks of
issue.
Mr. CLARK. I can explain to the Senator
from Missouri very easily. The savings banks
give their depositors* four or five per cent.; the
discount banks will not give them in some cases
anything, in some eases three per cent.; hence
men depositing do not let it remain there. It is
an entirely different case. In one instance the
money is put in until the man wants to use it; in
the other it is put into a place to save and to keep it.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Let me interrupt the Senator
from New Hampshire and suggest that the de-
posits in the banks of New Hampshue are the
proceeds of discounts of notes, to be drawn out
immediately. They are not deposited in banks
to remain there, but they are for discount of notes
offered at the bank and deposited for a few days
to be drawn out in the regular course of business.
Mr. CLARK. I will state what is the case
probably with every bank that has more or less
people doing business and keeping a fund de-
posited in bank; when they want money they
draw from that deposit, and u vai les from day to
day as men happen to draw, but the deposits in
savings banks do not vary in that way. A per-
son puts in money there to keep and to make a
little earning upon it. It has been the policy of
the Government to exempt under six hundred dol-
lars of income, and if a poor person gets his in-
come in any other way you do not tax him; but
if he puts his money into a savings bank and his
earnings are less than six hundied dollars, you
will tax him. If you can catch him with his
earnings in a savings bank, though they be less
than six hundred dollars a year, you will tax him
if this amendment prevails.
Mr. President, I was remarkably struck with
the argument of the Senator from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Cowan.] It was exceedingly luminous, it
was almost conclusive, when he referred to the
Senator from Rhode Island and said he was very
glad they did not tax these savings banks in Rhode
Island. If then they did not tax them in Rhode
Island would it be right for us to tax them ? And
what was the excuse he gave? the reason why
they should not tax them? Because they knew
about them; but here in our ignorance, where we
knew nothing about them, we could cut right and
left, and we should legislate in our ignorance !
Mr. COWAN. Do they tax them in New
Hampshire ?
Mr. CLARK. No, sir. We taxed them for
a short time, I think for three months, and at the
next session of the Legislature it was repealed.
We do not tax them. Ithas not been the policy
of the government to tax them. These earnings
are mites in my State., The people of my State
are not a rich people. Those who deposit in
these banks are the people who earn from month
to month, and if they have a little saving after
the month's expenses put it into bank; next
month more is pO-t there, and by and by conies
a fit of sickness to a mother or child or sister,
and the fund is drawn down and exhausted.
This very last fall, in raising your soldiers, some
of the poor people who had their funds there
were obliged to take them to get for them substi-
tutes to go into the Army, while they staid at
home to earn money and support their families.
The Government had the whole. The savings
banks in my town lost more in that way the last
fall than they had lost for years. These little
deposits draw from four to five per cent, inter-
est, which is carried to the account of the depos-
itor once in six months or once in a year as it
may be; and then at the end of five years, if the
bank has earned anything more than what it
carried to the account of the depositors, deduct-
ing the losses, it is all credited off to the deposit-
ors then in the bank. Every cent of the earn-
ings of the bank goes to these poor people, and
in many of the institutions they are so very care-
ful that a man is not allowed to deposit over $300
or $400, because it is not foi the interest of the
bank to have a man deposit a large sum and keep
it there untifhe can do better with it and then
take it out. They are peculiatly institutions of
deposit and institutions of saving to encourage
the people to save their money, arid to afford to
those who do not otherwise find it an opportu-
nity of investing their money. They are, as the
Senator from Vermont says, almost eleemosy-
nary institutions, they are almost chariiies. They
have had a beneficial effect on the country. I
hope it will not be the policy of theGeneral Gov-
ernment, when they have been exempted by the
States, to tax them now.
Mr.FARWELL. I insist upon saying a word
on this question. I know the Senate are impa-
tient, and I am not going to take more than five
minutes on any question from now until the final
adjournment; but,Mr. President, I certainly feel
amazed at this dtscussion. I have my eye upon
a rich banker in State street who has a million of
money that he is lending—lending it upon real
estate on bond and mortgage—and what do you
tax him? You tax him for the stamps upon his
notes and upon his bonds, and you tax him upon
his income. That is all that he is taxed on. Now,
here are five thousand laboring people, poor peo-
ple, who would not have had a dollar had it not
been for these charitable institutions, had not
these good men given their time, their attention,
and care to taking charge of the little mite, and
as it accumulated lending it upon real estate for
these people, and carefully husbanding the inter-
est. 1 think the laws of nearly all the States re-
quire that a large portion of the money shall be
lent upon real estate. The law does not allow
these men to go into the market and take notes
and bills of exchange and hazard the loss of the
money, but the law requires that it shall be put
upon real property, and they always get small
interest for it; they get no such interest as the
rich banker who manages his own money upon
State street gets; and now we propose to tax
these poor people, whose business is managed
upon charity by the best men in the whole coun-
try, more than we tax the rich banker. That is
the real effect, if I know anything about the sav-
ings bank. If I know anything about the foun-
dation upon which this tax is to be laid, it is, lay
your tax on money merely because you find a
large accumulation of it; and that accumulation
has been made through the instiumentaiity of
those men who have been acting as managers of
these banks. I say that the chairman of the com-
mittee, with all his ingenuity, cannot show that
that money would be taxed as he proposes to tax
it by this amendment if it was in the hands of a
few rich men and being ientin the same way that
this is lent. He cannot demonstrate to us that in
that case he would get one dollar from it except
upon the income tux, and these people must pay
an income tax too, unless their income is so small
that it is exempted by the law.
Mr. SPP^AGUE. I may tire the Senate, but I
am not willing that the vote shall be taken untii
some facts which have not been expressed are
made known. I am cognizant of a savings bank
