1188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
having deposits to the extent of $500,000. AH
the expense attending that bank is for its secre-
tary, perhaps $500 or $700 at the outside; the
president and the directors do the business of that
bank withouta dollar's compensation. The loans
are made wirh the strictest economy; they are
made without taking the slightest risk, at the
smallest rate of interest, with a view to security
for the benefit ofun innumerable number of small
depositors. The depositors are from the States
of Connecticut, and Massachusetts, and Rhode
Island. They receive every dollar of the income
derived from that capital. A large portion of the
money in that savings bank and other savings
banks in New England is deposited by the sol-
diers of our Army. The great idea which the
projectors of these institutions had was to induce
the poorer class of people to deposit their money
and to save for the future, for old age. It has
been demonstrated that when people begin to save
their earnings they are in every respect more
worthy, more prudent, and better citizens; and
the philanthropic people and those who have de-
sired to benefit those around them, have been
foremost with that view to induce them to save;
and to-day the soldiers of your Army constitute
as large a proportion of these depositors as civil-
ians, Indeed, owing to the increased costofliv-
ing, civilians have been obliged to withdraw a
portion of their deposits and the soldiers have
taken their p'aces; and to tax soldiers, and to tax
the poor and small depositors, is to legislate
against their saving and depositing for the future
in order to sustain them m their old age, provide
for their children, and induce them to be econom-
ical and prudent. Sir, it is one of the worst feat-
ures, in my opinion, that I have seen in the pro-
ject for taxation which has been introduced into
the legislation of this country.
Mr. HALE called for the yeas and nays; and
they wore ordered.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire before this vote
is taken to assure Senators from the States where
these banks exist that they are paying no tax on
bank deposits now. If Senators will take the
report of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
for the last year, they will find that their States
are paying nothing in the shape of a tax upon
deposits. I call the attention of the Senator from
Vermont to the fact that his State paid only
$235 22 on deposits.
Mr. COLLAMER. I said before that the or-
dinary banks in Vermont do not allow interest
on deposits,and of course people make nothing
by leaving; their money there.
Mr. HENDERSON. There is a large deposit
account in the banks of circulation there, and I
do not see how only $235 could have come in.
Mr. COLLAMER. That is a matter con-
cerning the execution of the law.
Mr. HENDERSON. The reportof the Com-
missioner shows that that is all the revenue we
get from that State under this particular tax.
The Senator from New Hampshire, who seemed
very much excited on this subject, says this money
is the earnings of the poor, and he wants to keep
it. I think if wc do not tax it, he will keep it,
and whether we tax it or not they seem to know
how to keep it pretty well. New Hampshire only
paid §646 13 as tax on deposits, though her banks
of issue had a deposit account of $1,750,000.
The State of Connecticut paid only $4,054 tax
on deposits.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ought to mention to the
Senator that that statement was made before the
law of last session took effect.
Mr. HENDERSON. This statement covers
one year's tax on bank deposits.
Mr. SHERMAN. The present law took ef-
fect,! think,on the 1st of July.
Mr. HENDERSON. This return was under
the old law. It is schedule B on pages 270 and
271 of the report of the Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue for this year. It is a recapitulation
of the collections from banks, insurance, rail-
road, canal, and turnpike companies for the fiscal
year ending June 30,1864. I might refer to va-
rious other States in order to show very great
irregularity. I attribute it to the fact that the
larger number of the deposits go into these sav-
ings banks where they are not taxed.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, I find that
when the people of the country are to be taxed;
a strife arises as to who shall be taxed, what State
shall be taxed, the people of what section shall
be taxed. I do not know the particular state of
the question before the Senate, but 1 know there
is a controversy as to who shall be taxed, what
State shall be taxed, and what section shall be
taxed for carrying on this war. It opens up be-
fore the intelligent mind a magnificent theme of
debate. The honorable Senator from Missouri
contends that western interests shall notbe taxed ;
there are other gentlemen who say that New Eng-
land should not be taxed, and perhaps there are
others who say that the intermediate section be-
tween the far West and the East should not be
taxed. But, sir, there is one section that feels the
burden of taxation deeply, and that is the section
from which I come, the section of the border—-a
people who had nothing to do in bringing on this
war, who were opposed to its inception, and have
been opposed to its continuance. I say,challen-
ging contradiction (but I mean no personal offense
to any individuals) that if there is any section of
this country that ought to be taxed it is New Eng-
land. From the hot-bed ofNew Englandismcame
the sentiments which disturbed us when we were
at peace and in repose. We were a happy, quiet
people, peace was throughoutall our borders, and
had it not been for the teachings of New England
we should still be enjoying peace and quiet.
Sir, I cannot sit quietly in my seat and hear
this controversy about taxation between the dif-
ferent sections of my country. In early child-
hood I was taught that I had but one country,
and it embraced New England, it embraced the
entire North, it embraced the entire South, and
wherever the American flag floated there was my
country. New England is as much my country
as any portion of the United States; Massachusetts
is a part of my country; 1 recollect the example
furnished by Hancock, by Adams, and by the
other revolutionary sires; 1 recollect in early life
how my soul was stirred by reading the utterances
of her noble sons in behalf -of liberty, and 1 have
never seen the time when I wanted New England
turned out in the cold; and I have never seen the
time when I wanted South Carolina, the chival-
rous, noble State of the South, turned out in the
cold. It is all my country, all my home; but
now when demoniac influences have come over
the people and we are engaged in fratricidal strife,
I find that when a taxation bill comes before you,
there is a struggle as to who shall pay the most,
the East, the West, the North, or the South. If
you had observed the counsels of the great Dem-
ocratic party of this country, which governed the
country for sixty years and carried us to glory
and renown, you would not be in the condition
you are now. [Laughter.] Gentlemen may
laugh; the galleries may laugh. People laugh
even when their liberties are aboutto bedestroyed.
Sir, there is one little State bordering upon the
center, a border State, the first to enter into the
Union and the last to abandon it under all circum-
stances, that says, " Consider well the path you
tread; consider what counsels you follow."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
agreeing to the amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. SHERMAN. Those in favor of taxing
the deposits in savings banks will vote "yea;"
those opposed, " nay."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Carlile, Conness, Cowan, Davis,
Doohttle, Grimes, Harlan, Harris, Henderson, Hendricks,
Howard. Lane of Indiana, Morgan, Nc<?m th, Pomeroy,
Powell, Sherman, Stewart, and Trumbull—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Clark, Collamer, Dixon, Fai-
wdl. Foot, Foster, Hale, Howe, Johnson,Lane of Kansas,
McDougall, Morrill, Nye, Spiague, Sumner, Van Winkle,
Will^v,Wilson, and Wright—20.
ABSENT—Messrs. Buckalew, Chandler, Harding, Ram-
sey, Itichardpon, Riddle, Saulbbury, Ten Eyck, Wade, and
Wilkinson—10.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair decides
affirmatively. The amendment is agreed to.
The next amendment of the Commi'ttee on Fi-
nance was to strike out the following proviso:
And provided further, That net profits realized by sales
of real estate purchased since January 1, 1864, shall be
chargeable as income ; and losses on sales of real estate
purchased &inee January t, X834, and sold within the year
for which income is estimated, shall be deducted fiom the
income of such year.
And in lieu of it to insert:
And provided further. That net profits realized by sales of
real estate purchased within the year for which income is
estimated shall be chargeable as income; and losses on
sales of real estate pnrcha-sed within tlx; year, for which
income is estimated, shall be deducted from the incoxneof
such year.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
words " rates of," before "interest," in line eight
hundred and seven.
The amendment was agreed to. «
The next amendment was to insert the words
" his share of," before " the gains," in line eight
hundred and nineteen.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eight hundred
and twenty-four, to strike out " carry on" and
insert " cultivate."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eight hundred
and fifty-nine, to strike out "any" and insert
" every."
The amendment was agreed to.
The nextamendment was in line eight hundred
and sixty-eight, to strike out " twenty-five" and
insert "fifty."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert the words
" or his or her waid or beneficiary" after "she,"
in line eight hundred and eighty-two.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eight hundred
and eighty-seven, to strike out "all of" after
" upon."
The amendment was agreed to.
The nextamendment was to strike out, in linea
eight hundred and eighty-seven and eight hun-
dred and eighty-eight, the words "as provided
by this act" and insert " as prescribed by law."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out lines
nine hundred and eight, nine hundred and nine,
and nine hundred and ten, as follows:
That section one hundred and twenty be amended by
striking out at the end thereof the word " act," and in-
serting in lieu thereof the word "section."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
words " husband or" before " wife," in line nine
hundred and eighteen.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out of the
clause proposing to amend section one hundred
and sixty-nine of the present law, the following
words, in lines nine hundred and ninety-eight,
nine hundred and ninety-nine, and one thousand:
And by inserting in the proviso, after the words " im-
ported articles," the word4? " except luciter or friction
matches, cigar lights, and wax tapers."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I suggest to the chair-
man of the Finance Committee that the words
"that 4schedule B,' preceding section one hun-
dred and seventy-one," in lines ten hundred and
one and ten hundred and two, should not be
stricken out. It is necessary to retain those
words, in order to fit with what follows the part
to be stricken out.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator is correct.
The Secretary read the words proposed to be
stricken out by the amendment of the committee,
from line ten hundred and two to line ten hundred
and twenty-three, as follows:
In the paragraphs relating to " Bill of exchange, (in-
land,)" be amended by striking out all of said paiagiaplis,
and inserting in lieu thereof}he following:
Bill of exchange, (inland,) draft, or order for the pay-
ment of any sum of money, othciwUe than at sight or on
demand, for every $100, or fractional pait thereof, five
cents.
Loan of money. Any loan of money, or any advanc'3
of money on security, whether r< presented by note, certifi-
cate, check, receipt, or other evidence, not othei wise pro-
vided tor, and not including mortgages, if on demand, tor
every $100, or fractional part thereof, two cents.
tf to be paid at a time designated, for every $J00, or frac-
tional part thereof, five cents : Provided, That any note or
other evidence of debt, payable on demand, shall be void
after thirty days fiom date, unless it has been protested
within that time, or shall have been stamped with duty
within that time, at the rate of five cents tor every §100
or fractional p.ut thereof; and any pawnbrokers ceaifi-
cate for an amount of loan less than five dollars shall not
require to be stamped.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. The words « and In,"
in line ten hundred and twenty-three, should be
" in the,"
