1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That correction
will be made.
Mr. HENDERSON. I suggest that the words
" be amended" should beinsertedinline tenhun-
dred and twenty-three.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let that amendment be
made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be made.
The next amendment was in line ten hundred
and twenty-seven, after the word "transporta-
tion," to insert " the chargeupon which exceeds
one dollar."
Mr. SHERMAN. I ought to explain that the
House of Representatives changed the mode of
taxing express companies, and then left the old
stamp duly precisely as it was before. As we
have already negatived the change proposed by
the House, we, by this amendment, relieve the
express companies from putting a stamp on re-
ceipts for the delivery of proper-/ where their
charge is one dollar or less.
Mr. CLARK. The words of the amendment
should be altered.
Mr. SHERMAN. Itoughtto be " the charge
upon which is one dollar or less."
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the fol-
lowing words in lines ten hundred and twenty-
eight, leu bundled and twenty-nine, ten hundred
and thirty, and ten hundred and thirty one:
And that " Schedule C," preceding section one hundred
and seventy-one, be amended in all the paragraphs con-
cerning ,£ playing cards" by striking out, wherever uoccurs,
the word " retail."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
ten hundred and thirty-one the following:
Add at the end of the paragraph marked " receipts" tlie
following: ii Provided. Tti;u when two or more persons shall
sign the .-.ame receipt, one stamp, equal in value to the sev-
eral stamps required by this act, may be affixed to said re-
ceipts in lieu of said several stamps."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the clause propos-
inglo amend section one hundredand seventy-one
of the existing law, to strike out " before the
winds ' refined coal-oil' the words ' crude petro-
leum or roclt-oil'and" in lines ten hundred and
forty-eight and t«n hundred and forty-nine.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line ten hundred
and fifty to strike out " by inserting the words."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line ten hundred
and fifty to insert the word " bullion."
Mr. STEWART. I move to strike out the
word " bullion."
Mr. VAN WINKLE. The word "and"
should go before " bullion."
Mr. STEWART. I believe the amendment
proposed by the committee is to insert the word
" bullion."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the amend-
ment.
Mr. STEWART. I am opposed to the inser-
tion of the word "bullion." I think we shall
get Jess revenue by that principJe than we shall
by adhering to the law of last session.
Mr. SHERMAN. I, perhaps, ought to ex-
plain to the Senate the effect of this amendment,
so that the Senator may have the benefit of,it.
There is a very small tax now levied on bullion,
the only tax, 1 believe, that affects very materi-
ally this important product of the State of the
honorable Senator. When that is exported un-
der the present law there is a drawback, so that
the English, who get nearly all our bullion in the
present condition of affairs, pay us no lax. We
propose not to allow the drawback, so that all
the gold produced in this country shall pay at
least the small tax levied on it. The effect of
striking out the word " bullion" would be that
ail that goes to Europe would pay no tax and all
that is consumed m this country would pay the
tax. We were very clear on this subject, and were
unanimous that we ought to levy thetax on bul-
lion, so as to make the English pay on that which
they take from us.
Mr. STEWART. That is just exactly the
effect I understand it to have. 1 understood the
piovision precisely, and that is just exactly what
1 am opposed to. I am opposed to taxing it as
an export. I do not believe we shall get asmuch
revenue. I believe it is wrong in principle to tax
any of the raw materials that can be exported.
It would be looked upon as very absurd to tax
bullion or to tax any export that we have to the
same extent that you would tax an import.
Mr. CONNESS. The Constitution does not
permit a tax on exports.
Mr. STE WAR1. This is virtually a tax on
exports. Taxing the bullion is taxing the export,
because it is all for export. All articles that are
produced exclusively for export should go out
<Jf the country free, and for the reason that we
should have as much go out of the country as
possible, and why? No matter who buys it—
whether the English or French, or anybody else
—they have got to pay for it. If they pay for it
in gold, no gold goes out of the country; but that
is not the truth as a matter of fact; they pay for
it with a commodity of some kind, and that com-
modity, when it comes here to be used, instead of
being taxed one half of one per cent, is taxed
fifty percent., and the tax falls on a class of per-
sons who voluntarily pay it, who will pay it rather
than not have the luxury. We can make more
money by allowing it to go free out of the coun-
try and encouraging its product than we can by
placing a tax on the labor that produces it, de-
creasing its value, putting an additional buiden
on it, making it worth one half percent, less and
decreasing the amount produced. That also ap-
plies to coal-oil. Here, too, I think the com-
mittee have made a mistake in the principle that
they apply to coal-oil. I think they are going to
injure that source of revenue. I put it solely on
the ground of getting more revenue. The pro-
duction of coal-oil is in its infancy. It is de-
veloping a great, and new, and important source
of wealth. Wearealready able not only to com-
pete with but to surpass any other country in
that production. You place a tax upon the ex-
portation of it, and although it may seem to you
a slight tax the effect may perhaps be that before
another year you will have compelitors, so that
you will have no market abroad, and the coal-oil
" bubble" will burst. Your oil wells will not
have dried up, your coal-oil will not have been
exhausted, but the present enterprising class who
are developing them will have been destroyed be-
fore you know it, and twenty years will elapse
before you can get them to go into it again, be-
cause " a burnt child dreads the fire." I think
so much of this section as refers to coal-oil is a
dangerous experiment. The position in which
it was put by the law of last year is evidently bet-
ter and safer, and it is particularly so as to gold
and silver. Let them go out free.
I am opposed to taxing wheat that is exported.
I am opposed to taxing any article that can be
exported until we have exports enough so that
we can bring the world in debt to us. Why not
do the same on any other commodity that is to
be exported? Is there any reason in it? I say
let everything that can be exported go out of the
country free until we have exports enough, so
that the world will owe us. That is the theory
upon which you will increase your credit and at
the same time get three or four or five times the
revenue by taxing the commodity that is returned.
I object to this not on account of the amount,
but because it is wrong i.n principle. It is wrong
in principle to apply it to a raw material. It is
wrong in principle to apply it to wheat, coal-oil,
gold, or silver, or cotton, anditwill be found so.
If we have more than otiter nations, if we have
this vast wealth that can pay our debt, we must
get it out and sell it to the rest of the world and
bring the world in debt to us. We have no par-
ticular use for bullion here. We have no par-
ticular use for gold and silver here as a circulating
medium; we have got circulating medium enough,
but we want the basis for it. Why tax it when
it goes out of the country and by increasing your
commerce brings back articles that you may tax
four times as much, because it falls on a class of
the community that will have luxuries? It is
wrong in principle, and therefore I move to strike
out the word " bullion."
Mr. CONNESS. I do not agree with my neigh-
bor on this proposition, which I regret. _ The
effect of the Senator's argument seems to b'e that
if you should not insert the word " bullion" there,
and thus stop the benefit of drawback that the
man has in our country now who sends his gold
to a foreign country, it is equivalent to levying a
tax of one half of one per cent, upon the goid
belonging to our own people and remitting it oil
that belonging to foreigners. Let me take the
city of San Francisco, for instance. There is a
population of importers composed of a part who
are Americans and who have their principal deal-
ings with our Atlantic cities; who buy in ourowfl
American markets forthe people of California and 1
Nevada. Another portion are foreign importers
whoimportall the goods they buy from European ;
countries. They, under the provision of the law
as it stood, would be entitled to a drawback.
That portion of the gold which had come into
their possession and had been taxed one half of
one per cent, at the Mint or assay office would
have been entitled to a drawback and the return
of the one half of one per cent., while our own
people who bought in our own markets were
taxed one half of one per cent, on their bullion.
I would join the Senator in saying that the tax
of one half of one per cent, at the Mint is a tax
on the gold product. It makes every ounce of
gold worth that much less, and to that extent it
discourages the production of gold, and on prin-
ciple 1 am opposed to it. But last year, when this
question was very thoroughly discussed here; dis-
cussed to my satisfaction and a little beyond it,
we agreed to this tax of one half of one per cent,
as a settlement of the question, and we agreed
that it should not be considered as an export tax
because the Constitution forbade us from impos-
ing an export tax upon anything, but we held
that we had a right to regulate the commodity
and to require it when it was changed in our
Mints and assay offices from one form to another,
to pay a tax if we saw fit to do it. I did not
agree with the policy, but accepted it as the best
solution of what appeared to be a determination
on the part of the people here to tax the product
of our mines. I cannot accept my neighbor's
theory that that tax shall now he so regulated
that it shall fall exclusively on our own people,
under the mistaken idea, as I believe, that we
shall thereby increase our exports and bring the
whole world in debt to us.
I disagree with my friend in another respect,
and that is when he says we do not want gold .
and silver. I think we want it about as much as
we do holiness at this time, and a little of both, a
great deal of both, would serve us. I think we
want it here. I think it is notenotigli to say that
we have a circulating medium when that medium
is paper, because a circulating medium of paper
that is not redeemable witligold, which the whole
world lias accepted as the standaid of value, is a
very unsafe medium for our commercial transac-
tions. It is true that as long as our peoplengrte
to take it from one another we do very well; but
we have increased it to such an extent now that
the piices of all commodities hare risen until they
are double at least what they formerly were. We
are all looking now for the termination of this
war and for the return to specie payments as the
day ofhappiness, when a dollar in paper will be
the equivalent of and be convertible into a dollar
of gold, when our bonds will be paid at our na-
tional Treasurer's office in gold as they become
due. I am not m favor of paying a premium to
encourage the exportation ofgold and silver from
our country.
Mr. STEWART. My position is to leave
this matter just as it was regulated by the law of
last year. It was wisely regulated, although £
think the tax of one half of oneper cent., it could
be perhaps demonstrated, was'not, under all the
circumstances, entirely wise, but still I do not
propose to speak of that.
The Senator says, why not let our own people
have itas cheap as we let Europeans have it? The
answer is very plain. )f we use it ourselvesand
convert it into jewelry and the like, if it remains
in the country, it is not taxed as much as it is if
it goes out and buys a commodity. Why do you
want exports? Why do you want bullion sent
out of the country? Why do you want wheat
sent out of the country ? "Why do you want cot-
ton sent out of the country ? Why do you want
coal-oil sent out of the country ? I- or this simple
reason: exports buy commodities, and those com-
modities come here and pay heavy duties. You
can make more money in that way. There is an
additional reason, and a very sound reason, and
that is that if you have more exports than you have
