THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
imports the world will get in debt to you and will
pay*you in money; the world owes you; your
credit is good. It is with nations just as with
Hien. If we can so conduct the business of the
nation as to get the nations of the earth indebted
to us it will be by using the advantage we have
of having things to sell which they must buy. If
we can do that and get them in debt to us our
credit will be good, our bonds will be good. It
is a very simple and plain proposition. The ad-
vantages are all with us. It was a wise provision
of the Constitution that there should be no duty
on exports. Why should that be a constitutional
provision? You have no duty on exports, and.
you let them go free to foreigners while you charge
your own citizens. That is the effect of the pro-
vision in the Constitution, and for a very wise
purpose, because exports induce imports and you
can get largerreturns. Your gold and silver would
be worth very little if you had no place to export
them to; your coal-oil well would be worth very
little; your broad acres in Illinois would be worth
very little, if you had no market for the products.
The time may come when you will have to tax
wheat and flour. Gentlemen then will object to
letting flour go free out of the country. Why?
Take two bushels of wheat, which illustrates the
case very well; one is consumed by the farmer.
Unless you tax it in the shape of wheat you never
tax it at all. The other bushel is taken to Eu-
rope; it is there exchanged for a yard of cloth;
that cloth comes back to New York and is taxed.
This matter of drawbacks was wisely provided
to meet that contingency, and should not only
have applied to gold, but should have applied to
coal-oil, as it did originally. This experiment
that you are making to tax the law material, to
tax exports, you will find is wrong in principle;
and if'you depart from the principle of the Con-
stitution, that exports shall not be taxed, and get
around it by any indirection whatever, you will
find that you will have less revenue than you
would have by encouraging by ail means the de-
velopment of anything that can be sold to other
countries, either for commodities or to involve
them in debt to us. 1 think this is a question of
principle that should be looked into and thought
on before this amendment is adopted, for I be-
lieve it is a depntture from our ti ue policy.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on inserting the word "bullion;" and the nega-
tive of that is the affirmative of the Senator's mo-
tion.
Mr. STEWART. I vote ngainst the insertion.
I want the yeas and nays, because it is a question
of pimcjple.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 26, nays 9; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony. Chandler, Clark, Collamer,
Courts, Cowan, Dixon, FanvHI, Foot, Foster, Grimes,
Harlan, U.nri*, Henderson, Howard, How*', Johnson, Lane
of Indiana, Morgan, Ne.-mitti, R.imsey, Sherman, Sprague,
Sumner. Willey, and Wilt-on—26.
NAYS—Mt ss ^.Davi->, Hrndncks, Nyo, Powell, Riddle,
Saulsfnuy, Stewart, Van Winkle, and Wright—9.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Duekalew, Carl lie, Doohttle,
Hale, Harding, L<me <>f Kan^a>, McDotigall, Moirill, Ponie-
roy, ilicl ardoon,Ten E\ck, Tiumbull, Wade, and Wilkin-
son—15.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out after the
word "bullion," just inserted, the words "quick-
silver, lucifer or triction matches, cigar lights,
and wax tapers."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the fol-
lowing words at the end of the second section of
the bill:
And this section shall take effect from and after the pas-
sage of litis act, anything hereinafter to the contrary not-
withstanding.
The amendment was agreed to.
^The nextamendment was to strike out the third
section of the bill, as follows:
Sec. 3. Jlnd be if further enacted, That from and after
the 1st day of April, 1865, there ?.ba!l be levied, collected,
and paid, in lieu of the duty now provided by law, on all
cutron upon which no duty has been levied, collected, or
paid, and which is w>texemj>t*'d by law, a du'y of six cents
per pound until the 1st day of July, 1836, and on and after
that date a duty of five cents per pound, which shall be
and remain a hen thereon until said duty bliall have been
paid, id the pos&es&ion of any person or persons whomso-
ever; and tin? allowance or drawback which bliall here-
after be allowed upon articles on which any interna! duties
or tax bhall have been paid, manulactured exclusively of
cotton, shall be at fhe same rate per pound on such articles
b© manufactured, when exported, as shall be proven to the
satisfaction of' the Secretary of the Treasury, under such
regulations as he may prescribe, to have been actually paid
per pound on the cotton from which said articles are manu-
factured.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to have an ex-
planation of that amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on Finance
are in favor of levying a tax on cotton, but not in
the form propose*!, and we differed in regard to
the mode of the drawback when the article was
manufactured in this country and exported. On
the whole, I-think it would be belter to let the
section go out, and let the committee of confei*
ence draft a section which will cover the whole
matter. We propose to strike it out. I am, how-
ever, in favor of a tax on cotton.
Mr. GRIMES, I should like to know how
the committee of conference is going to know what
is the sense of the Senate on that subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senate will be repre-
sented.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senate will be repre-
sented, but a committee of conference professes
to cany out the viewsofthe Senate on important
questions. How are they going to know unless
we have some action on it?
Mr. SHERMAN. In order to raise the only
question there is in this whole matter, (I suppose
it is in order to amend the part to be stricken
out,) I move to strike out all after line ten, so as
to leave the tax on cotton.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question then
is on striking out so much of the section as fol-
lows the tenth line.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to know of the
Senator whether he proposes anywhere a modifi-
cation of the tariff to correspond with the change
in the tax on cotton.
Mr. SHERMAN. The tariff ought to be
modified or the ptesent drawback remain. Let
me state the law now, and Senators will see the
difficulty. This section proposes to' tax all cot-
ton produced in this country six cents a pound
until the 1st of July, 1866, and after that fivecents
a pound. The latter clause of the section allows to
the domestic manufacturer a drawback, when he
exports any goods made out of American cotton,
to an amount equal to the amount of the tax.
That is the proposition. That is, upon every
pound of cotton cloth manufactured in this coun-
try, when he exports it fora foreign market he is
entitled to a drawback of six cents a pound. This
is so marked a discrimination in favor of our in-
dustry as to amount to a bounty almost equal to
the cost of manufacture. What is the cost of
manufacturing a pound of cotton, I askmy friend
from Rhode Island—ordinary sheeting?
Mr. SPRAGUE. About twenty cents.
Mr. SHERMAN. If I am correctly informed,
a pound of cotton makes in ordinary sheeting
about five yards.
Mr. FOSTER. Three.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 rely on my friend, [Mr.
Sprague,] who is engaged m the business.
Mr. ANTHONY. He refers to printed goods.
Mr. SHERMAN. He says from three to six,
and I take five as a medium. It is proposed to
pay to the American manufacturer for exporting
cotton goods an enormous bounty. Suppose that
in this country we produce a million bales of cot-
ton, and of that quantity we manufacture five
hundred thousand bales, and export the other five
hundred thousand bales. In the first instance it
all pays alike a tax of six cents a pound. But
.suppose that one hundred thousand bales of that
which we manufacture here is exported to foreign
countries in the manufactured shape, we are to
pay out of the Treasury of the United States to
the manufactureror the exporter six centsa pound
upon all the cotton so manufactured, while.if it is
manufactured in England weget the wholeamount
of the duty. Can we afford to pay such a bounty
to the domestic manufacturer? The amount of
bounty that would be paid to the domestic man-
ufacturer is at least one third and perhaps one
half the entire cost of the manufacture.
Mr. FARWELL. I desire to inquire of the
chairman if there is no provision for a drawback
on the raw cotton exported.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no provision for
a draw"back on the raw cotton. If raw cotton is
exported it pays us a duty; but if we manufacture
that cotton here, add to it a little labor, and then
export it, it is proposed that we shall pay back
to our manufacturer all the duty, so that so far
as revenue is concerned the United States would
be interested under this system in having all our
cotton manufactured abroad. The United States
asaGovernment would be interested in preventing
a single pound of American cotton from being
manufactured for exportation. It seems to me
that is wrong.
But on the other hand the home manufacturers
say that we levy a duty on cotton of two cents
when we import it, and that the English manu-
facturer gets his cotton freeof duty, and that the
English are now using a large quantity of India
cotton on which they pay no duty, while if the
American manufacturer uses the same cotton he
must pay a duty of two cents in gold, and that
the present tariff law is a discrimination against
him if you do not allow the American manufac-
turer some drawback. We propose to put him
on the same footing as to our domestic cotton
with the foreign manufacturer, but he says he
will be laboring under a disadvantage if he should
be compelled to use the short staple cotton, and
therefore the effect of our laws will be a discrim-
ination against him. But in reply to that it may
be said that under the present law, which is not
repealed by this bill, we allow a drawback of two
cents a pound on all domestic cotton manufac-
tured and sent abroad. It seems to me that is
enough.
I do not want to be unjust to our domestic in-
dustry. I want to give it fair and reasonable pro-
tection and give it the benefit of our tariff law, but
it seems to me that to give a bounty of six cents
on every pound of cotton manufactured in this
country which may be exported would be giving
a bounty which the Treasury cannot bear, it
would make it the interest of the United States,
plainly and palpably, that the cotton produced
in this country should be manufactured abroad
rather than at home, because if manufactured at
home and sent abroad in the form of the manu-
factured article we should not get a single dollar
of revenue from the cotton. Under the operation
of the section as it stands, we get six cents a
pound tax on the cotton if it is manufactured at
home and consumed here, but if it is manufac-
tured here and then exported we do not get a
cent except simply on the wastage in the process
of manufacture.
Mr. JOHNSON. That " simply" includes a
great deal.
Mr. SHERMAN. The law now allows them
a drawback.
Mr. COLLAMER. I understand the Sena-
tor from Ohio to say that the two cents drawback
is not repealed.
Mr. SHERMAN. The old law imposed a
duty of two cents and allowed a drawback of two
cents.
Mr. COLLAMER. Does the Senator propose
to repeal the drawback?
Mr. SHERMAN. This section of the House
bill proposes to give the full six cents as the
bounty, so that we get no revenue.
Mr. COLLAMER. But how does the Sena-
tor propose to have it?
Mr. SHERMAN. The amendments to strike
out the drawback here, leaving the old drawback
to stand. This amendment leaves the present
drawback of two cents a pound as a compensa-
tion against the duty imposed by the law and to
put our home manufacturer on as good a footing
as the English manufacturer. I do not know
whether it accomplishes that purpose. My de-
sire was to leave this whole question open for
the committee of conference. Gentlemen who
have conversed with me from the manufacturing
States say that this is not fair to their States.
Mr. COLLAMER. We cannot live under it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not want to be op-
pressive, but at the same time I do not want to
refund a tax which we have levied and which we
have levied alike on all cotton. I do not want
to give up those taxes merely to induce the man-
ufacture here.
Mr. ANTHONY. The internal revenue tax
upon a pound of cotton manufactured is a great
deal more than the drawback. I do not know
what language to use to make it plainer, that
when we impose a tax upon the raw material we
should allow a drawback upon the exported man-
ufactured article. I think that principle runs
through ouV whole legislation.
