1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1101
Mr. SHERMAN. That is done except in
this case. There is no other manufacture in
which the raw article is exported from tins coun-
try to thti foreign manufacturer. For instance,
when a steam engine is made in this country and
is exported, we allow a drawback of the last tax,
not of all the taxes, the five per cent, tux on the
manufacture, ami then it must come in competi-
tion with an engine made in England, and the
raw material out of which it is made being all
furnished in England free of tax, to put out-
home manufacturer on the same footing with the
English manufacturer we must allow a drawback.
That istlearand manifest, and that the law does;
but in this case we produce the cotton, we levy a
tax upon the cotton, it goes to England and is
there manufactured. There is the difference.
Mr, ANTHONY. That theory would hold
good if there was no cotton used by the English
manufacturers except what they get from this
country; but a very large poition, much the
largest portion, of the English cotton goods are
manufactured from cotton that is raised in other
countries and that comes into England without
paying any duty whatever. We have a consid-
erable export of cotton goods; I suppose my col-
league can tell better than I can how much it is;
I suppose it is not over four or five million dollai s'
worth at present; it has been more than that, if
this amendment prevails not a yaid of cotton
goods can be exported, and we shall have to send
out of tiie country an equivalent value in gold to
make up for the deficiency. All the,cottons that
we send to Biazil, where we are competing with
the English, would be cut off*.
Mr. HOW E. How cut off? Do they not pay
the samv duty ?
Mr. ANTHONY. They do not pay the same
duty, because they manufacture from cotton that
pays no duly. They will not get it from us
cheaper if we have to pay six cents a pound duly.
Mr. CLARK. Allow me to ask the Senator
from Ohio a question on this point. 1 understand
him to say that if a tax is laid upon cotton in this
country, and a drawback is laid when it goes
abroad, u produces nothing to the revenue.
Mr. SHERMAN. It does not on the cotton
itself.
Mr. CLARK. If you lay such a tax as to kill
all your export trade, ore you not exactly in the
same condition?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not believe that will
follow, i do not see how it can.
Mr. CLARK. If it could follow, we should
be in the same condition precisely.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, if that was the fact.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think my friend from Ohio
is cnthely mistaken in this case. In the first
place the drawback in a<ll such cases isallowed to
enable our maimfactureis to compete with those
of England m the same material. They receive
in England the cotton without paying any duty.
Mr. SHERMAN. They do not receive ours
unless they pay this six cents.
Mr. JOHNSON. What 1 mean to say is that
theie is no duty imposed upon it in the hands of
the English hnponer.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes there is.
Mr. COWAN. We do not allow a drawback
on raw cotton; that is the peculiarity.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 understand that very well.
This tax is six cents on the pound. How many
pounds of cotton does it take to make one pound
of cloth?
Mr. CONNESS. I feel interested in hearing
this discussion. 1 do not think it belongs to a
few Semuois. I trust the Senator from Mary-
land will address the whole Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. Sometimes it isobjected to
me that I speak rather too loud. How many
yards of cloth does it take to make one pound of
cotton? There is an allowance of twenty pet-
cent. for wastage, which is hardly good for any-
thing. You get the tax on that, do you not ? Six
pounds of cotton make five pounds of cloth. You
get that. Is it not all-important that our cotton
manufacturers should be put upon a footing to
compete with the English mauufactur.-rs? We
now do compete, as I understand; we have done
It for a good while in the coarser kinds of cloth;
we send cotton goods all over the wotld; but it
you refuse to allow this drawback we shall not
be able to send any. There are some of the man-
ufacturers in the East, I think, whose establish-
ments have been constructed for the very purpose
of competing with the English manufacturers,
and to refuse this drawback will close theii doors;
and therefore, even if you did not get revenue bv
this particular mode of taxation, you get it in
another way; you get it because our ability to
compete abtoad increases very much the wealth
of the country, and upon that increase of wenlih
you have the power to tax and you do tax. You
tax this very product; and the direct inlet nal tux,
as my friend from Rhode Island [Mr. Anthony]
suggests, amounts to more than would he this
drawback, and if you break down the trade you
lose that direct tax at once.
Mr. HENDERSON. Under the law of 1864
a tax of two cents a pound was imposed on the
raw material, cotton, and in section one hundred
and seventy-one, in relation to drawback, it was
provided that " there shall be an allowance or
drawback on all articles on which any internal
duty or tax shall have been paid, except raw or
unmanufactured cotton, refined coal-oil, naphiho,
benzine or benzole, distilled spii lis, manufactured
tobacco, snuff, and cigars of all descriptions, equal
in amount to the duty or tax'paid thereon, and
no mote." But when they came to cotton man-
ufactiued they declared that an additional draw-
bark should be allowed. Under thai law, upon
cotton manufactured, an ad valorem duty of five
per cent, was imposed, and whenever an expor-
tation-takes place,of couise thatfive pei cent, ad
vulorem is paid back to the manufacturer or to the
party exporting; but the law-makers of 18G4 were
not satisfied with that drawback, but they gave an
additional drawback. The provision is in a pro-
viso to section one hundred and seventy-one:
jnovulcd further, That in computing tlx* allowance
or diawUack upon .uiicles ninnuuciared exclusively of
cotton, wfieu « xput ted, tii' ie Muili oc nHowril, in addition
to tlie five per cent duly winch shall have been p.ud oti
such articles, a diawbacUof two cents per pound upon
such aiticle^,!n all o.ises wlieio the dutv imposed l>} law
upon tlic cotton u-ed in tbe m.mutucture tbeiooi Jm-, heen
previously paid ; the amount of said allowance to be ascer-
tained in such manner as may be pre-ertbed by the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, undci the dncctiou of tiie
Seeret.ny of the Treusuiy."
Much to my astonishment Senators rise ami
say that if the proposition of the committee shall
be adopted it will be utterly impossible anymore
to export cotton fabrics from this country abroad.
Why? Will some Senator tell me why ? Idonot
understand it. Does not the cotton manufacturer,
when he exports the article, get back what he paid?
He surely does; begets back every dollar paid'un-
der the ievenue law. Does he not get it back just
as any other exporter of an article gets it back ?
Take the ai tide of tobacco, that is manufactured
very largely in .my Slate. I ask Senators if there
is any difference whatever between the cases.
When we export the article of tobacco what do
we get back? We get back the thirty-five cents
a pound that we paid upon the article. Do we
get back the two dollars a gallon on the whisky
and brandy used in us manufacture? Do we get
back the dunes paid by the owners of the sugar
and the liquors that go into tiie manufactured ar-
ticle? Why not give all that back to us? Large
quantities of brandy are used in the manufac-
tute of tobacco, upon which we have to pay two
dollats per gallon first proof.
Mr, FARWELL. Allow me to ask the Sen-
ator if the weight of tobacco is not increased very
much when it is manufactured from the leaf to
the exported product?
Mr. HENDERSON. Not at all. I can tell
the Senator that brandy is used simply for the
purpose of preserving the article, and that it is
largely or nearly entirely evaporated. It. may
increase somewhat, but not materially, and we
get no drawback for that article; we only get the
drawback on the thirty-five cents a pound we pay
afier tiie article has been manufactured.
Now, we are told most strangely, indeed, that
unless the manufacture of cotton gets back the
tax that was paid by the man who puichased the
article of cotton in Louisiuini, or in Alabama, he
cannot affoid to export it. I do not put my judg-
ment above that of other Senatojs, but I say that
if that be true you ought not to levy this tax upon
the cotton, for it is an expoit tax. How dart*
you levy an expoi t tux, ftnyhow ? If this be uu
export tax, how can you levy it? If u be justi-
fiable in any sense of the wuid to levy this tax
on cotton, it is simply because the demand m
other portions of the world is euch as to make
the foreign manufacturer pay the^tax that is levied
on tiie raw materia), is it not so? Why do you
levy this tax of six cents a pound on the raw
material of cotton in this country now? It isl
simply because you believe the demand for the
article m Europe is such that you can make the
manufacturers in England and France pay the tax.
if you cannot do that what right have you to im-
pose this unjust burden on the man thatis bound
to export cotton from this country? It is indi-
rectly an export tax, unless the demand of foreign
countries be such as to justify you in imposing
this tax and refusing drawback, because you do
not allow the drawback on the exported article
in the law or unmanufactured shape, Why is
this? It is simply because you believe the foreign
manufacturer will pay the duty. If you cannot
make the foreign manufacturer pay it, you have
no right to levy it, and you cannot levy it with-
out breaking down im industtiul puisuit. Jsnot
that proposition as clear as any proposition can
be? Why is it that the Constitution says that
you shall not levy an export tax? Because, tf
Congress had that power, where an article of in-
dustry in this country was produced in any State
in excess of the demand in this country, the peo-
ple of that Slate would be literally ruined.
Now, why is it not proposed to levy this tax on
cotton? Simply because you can make the for-
eign manufactuier pay it. if thaf is true, how do
you hurt the manufacturer in this country by re-
fusing to give him a drawback on the raw mate-
rial alter it is manufactured ? I say this proposi-
tion cannot be gainsaid: if you cannot make tlie
foreign manufacturer pay thistax which you levy
when iheaiticle is exported, you ought not to
levy it; if you can make him pay it, you ought
not to allow the manufactuier to have the draw-
back when heexports. Yougive the manufactuier
everything that you took fiom him. his Hue
you have increased the piice of the cotton in the
hands of the manufacturer, but can the foreigner
get it without having the increased pi ice put upon
it? Can he get it without having this six cents
tax imposed upon it? He cannot, and you all
know it. If he can get it otherwise, you are not
justified by the Constitution, by common sense,
by reason, by common regard to the industrial
puisuiis of other^oi lions of the country, in levy-
ing any such tax; but if you can make him pay
for it, he cannot get the cotton any cheaper than
our manufacturers can, and can not get it as cheap,
because he has to pay not only the six cents a
pound, but the cost of transportation, the laws of
interest, and everything of that sort, before he can
£et hold of the raw material. When he does get
it, he can manufacture probably nocheaper than
our manufacturers. If he can manufacture as
cheap, we come in fair competition. From the
manufacturer we now take five per cent, ad valo-
rem. Under this bill we propose to take six per
cent. ad valorem, and w hen he comes to export to
give him buck every dime we took fiom him.
What is this pioposition? A man in the city
of New Orleans purchases cotton. A gels it there;
ho sells it to B, B sells it to C, C sells it to D, D
sells it to tbe manufacturer in Baltimore or Bos-
ton, Rhode Island or Connecticut, or elsewhere,
wherever it is manufactured, and it is manufac-
tured in a great ma'iy places. When it is put
into the manufactured fabric by the manufacturer
he has to pay six per cent, ad valorem under this
bill. When he exports the ariicle he gets buck
the six percent.; but be says, " I am not satisfied
with that." Why ? 44 A, down at New Orleans,
when he got this cotton paid six cents a pound
tax on the raw material, and I want that also
handed back to mo." i say he never paid a dol-
lar of it; but he says somebody paid it. It is true
somebody paid it; but did the foieign manufac-
turer eet the cotton which he used for one cent
less than the manufacturer here? If he did, do
not impose the tax. Hence I voted for striking
out the tax. I saw that the manufacturers of the
northern States did not find easy under the pro-
vision; they did not like it; they thought we of
the West were doing them injustice. Then [
said, 44 I am perfectly willing to go back to first
principles; strike out the tax on cotton entirely,
and then you Cannot giuiuble." They did not
see, however, that they would be any better off.
The foreign manufacturer gets the raw material
as cheap as our manufacturer, except the cost of
transportation, loss of interest, &c.
