1192
TH1 CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
Mr. COWAN* I should like to ask my friend
from Missouri whether it is not strictly in accord-
ance with the spirit of the Constitution that all
articles of every kind when exported should be
relieved of any internal burden, simply for the
reason that the Constitution forbids any duty
upon exports, and whether, therefore, it would not
be right, if the raw material is taxed and then ex-
ported, to allow a drawback upon that; whether
if it be manufactured and exported the drawback
ought not to be allowed upon that; whether, in
other words, the drawback is not for the purpose
of accommodatingourinternal systemof taxation
to the provisions of the Constitution which for-
bids a duty on exports.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have no trme certainly
to enter into that constitutional question; nor do
I know that I am qualified without further exami-
nation to discuss it. I am stating now what my
course was in the Senate. The Constitution says
that " no tax or duty shall be laid on articles ex-
ported from any State."
Mr. DAVIS. If the honorable Senator will
permit me, I will make a single suggestion. It
seems to me that that inhibition of any duty on
any article to be exported is in the form in which
'it is proposed to be exported; and any tax put
upon the aiticle before it had assumed the form
in which it was proposed to be exported could
not be the subject of drawback.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am not disposed to be
led into a discussion of that question, bccause it
will take up more time than the Senate has or will
have. 1 am speaking of it now as a question of
policy, and of the course that I pursued in com-
mittee, and the course I am willing now to pursue
before the Senate. I am willing to vote with gen-
tlemen who are interested in the manufacture of
this raw material, to strike the whole tax out, or
I am willing to sustain the report of the committee
as presented, so far as my vote is concerned; and
of course I curry no further influence than my own
vote. Ifgentlemen insist on taxing cotton, the raw
material, they certainly do it upon the ground that
it can stand the tax; that the foreign manufacturer
mustpay the tax we levy here. It can be done on
no otherground. Itcannot be justified otherwise.
You may talk about this constitutional question
as much as you please; but if you have the right
to come into my State and to say to my State,
growing an agricultural article of production in
excess of the demand in this country, that you
will impose a duty upon the raw material and
compel us to export it without giving us a draw-
back, you can break down the industry of any
State m the Union. 1 do not intend to discuss
the constitutional question, but I say the practical
effect would be the destruction of the industry of
any one of the States of this Union. You cannot
levy this tax without admitting that the foreign
manufacturer is bound to pay it; and if that be
true I take it for granted you ought not to have
a drawback after you have manufactured the
article. Therefore 1 say that so far as my vote
goes, if you insist that the raw material shall pay
the tax, I shall insist after that that you shall not
have a drawback except to the amount you paid
upon the manufactured article, the six per cent.
ad valorem.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, in my opinion
no tax can be imposed upon the raw article, the
cotton, that is exported,and.no impost or tax can
be imposed upon any article that is presented at
the port of departure for exportation. No impost
tax can be placed upon wheat because in that form
it is proposed to export the article. When wheat
is made into flourand is proposed to be exported,
the ship loaded, and a clearanceobtained, no tax
can be imposed upon the flour; and if the wheat
has paid an internal tax, you cannot ask a return
to the exporter of the amount of internal tax paid
■upon wheat. I present that article simply for
illustration. My idea is that where an article is
produced in the country,and by the process ofany
manufacture its form is changed, it is only the
impost upon the form that it has assumed when it*
is proposed to be exported that can be claimed as a
drawback. But a return of any tax imposed on
it in any form in which it had existed before this
transformation into the particular condition or
form in which it is proposed to be exported could
not be claimed as a drawback. The article pro-
hibiting the tax is simply that "no tax or duty
shall be laid on articles exportedfromany State."
It is the article that is proposed to be exported
to which this prohibition of tax implies. You
may extract bullion from the mines. That is a
raw material. You cannot, in my opinion, tax
the exportation of bullion in that form; but if you
work it up into plate and jewelry, and propose to
export that, that plate and jewelry are suoject to
exportation, but the exporter of them in that form
in not entitled to a drawback for any tax that was
imposed internally upon the original article.
On the subject of cotton I entertain a very con-
fident opinion, and a very clear one, to my own
mind at least. Cotton is a raw material in its
raw state. If it is proposed to be exported in
that form you cannot impose a tax upon the ex-
port, because it is an article in that form that is
proposed to be exported; but if you spin that
cotton into yarn, you cannot in exporting the
yarn claim a drawback for any tax imposed in-
ternally upon the original cotton wool. The
same Is true where cotton is manufactured into
cloth or into any fabric whatever. If you pro-
pose to export the fabric that is manufactured
from cotton in that form, it is exempt from any
export duty; but if you export it in that form
the exporter cannot claim as a drawback any tax
that has been imposed upon the raw material or
the cotton wool, or even upon the cotton-spun
yarn. He is simply entitled to an exemption
for tax upon the article in the form in which he
proposes to export it. He is entitled to exemp-
tion of any impost tax upon the article that he
proposes to export. The inquiry is, what arti-
cles does he propose to export? If it is the raw
cotton, he is entitled to exemption from an impost
duty upon the article in that form. If it is a
cotton fabric, he is entitled to exemption for any
impost duty upon the article in that form; but
he is not entitled, as a drawback, to any impost
duty that has been paid upon the raw material
before it has been manufactured into cloth. I
think that is the whole of it, and very plainly so.
Mr. SUMNER. This is a very important
question. 1 really wish that it could have the
attention of the Senate. It certainly has not had
it thus far. I believe, upon the whole, that the
proposition of the Senator from Ohio to strike this
whole section out and carry it to the conference
committee isthe best thing thatcan bedoneunder
the circumstances,though 1 think that ought not
to be done without the consideration of the Sen-
ate, so that the committee may have, in a certain
sense, instructions from the Senate as to what
course they shall pursue. Thus far in the debate
the discussion has been confined to the latter part
of the clause relating to a drawback. It is that
that has occupied the attention of the Senator
from Kentucky, and also of the Senator from Mis-
souri; but to my mind the earlier part of the
clause is perhaps more important in its bearings.
The latter part, which the Senator from Missouri
discussed, relating specifically to the drawbacks,
is necessarily applicable only to those cottons
that are exported. Now, the tax of six cents a
pound, which is imposed in the beginning of the
section, is applicable to all cottons at home; and
it is to that that I wish to call the attention of the
Senator from Ohio. If that tax is imposed with-
out some corresponding change in the tariff the
greater part of the cotton mills of our country
must atop. So far as cotton is manufactured at
the West, the business will be suspended. In
New England 
Mr. SPRAGUE. They are about all stopped
now.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well;the Senator says
they are about all stopped now.
Mr. CLARK. Then they cannot start again.
Mr. SUMNER. They cannot start then, as
the Senator from New Hampshire suggests; but
there is the practical point which has not been
touched in this discussion thus far. If you im-
pose a tax of six cents on cotton you make it
impossible for the American product to compete
with the English product. The result will be
that your country will be flooded with the Eng-
lish cottons manufactured from Surat cotton.
They are coming in now; but then if you add a
tax of six cents a pound, the flood will go on
until the cotton business of this country will be
entirely overflowed. I have one or two figures
relating to that point which are important:
" Goods from Surat cotton, three and a half yards to the
pound, forty-eight threads warp and forty-eight threads
filling, come in at one cent and a quarter per square yard.
Now a tax on cotton of six cents per pound would be a tax
of nearly two cents a yard on these goods ; six per cent,
on the manufacture would be fioinone to three cents more;
ami even with gold at 200 these Enchsh-m<\de goods would
come m freely. I am told that Mr. Stewart, iu New York,
is now importing freely."
Mr. GRIMES. Will not all that be remedied
by increasing the tax?
Mr. SHERMAN. That whole difficulty has
grown out of an error in the former tariff law. If
a line had been engrossed as it should have been
that defect would have been corrected.
Mr. SUMNER. But the practical point I was
coming to is, will it be corrected? If/for in-
stance, you raise the tax on cotton to six cents a
pound without some correspondingchange in the
tariff, where are you ? The point that I am call-
ing the attention of the Senate to is precisely this,
that with an increase of the tax on cotton to six
cents a pound, and without any corresponding
change in the tarifF, you ruin the cotton business
of the country. I do not go into the question of
drawback which other Senators have discussed.
I confine myself to the question of the tax of six
cents a pound on cotton. As this whole subject
is now going to pass into the hands of a confer-
ence committee I desire that the committee should
be prepared to deal with that aspect of the ques-
tion, and that if they do impose a tax on cotton
they shall see that the tariff is amended so as to
correspond.
Mr. SHERMAN. The tariff bill is nowpend-
ing in the House of Representatives, and I pre-
sume will be passed. The defect to which the
Senator refers will, I think, be corrccted. I am
perfectly willing to give a reasonable and fair
protection, more than equal to our internal tax.
1 am here now between two fires, and I wish to
state the position in which we are placed. A num-
ber of Senators are opposed to all tax on cotton
on the ground of principle. Other Senators say
they are opposed to the tax on cotton unless we
will allow a drawback on that which is manufac-
turedathome and exported abroad; and between
the two I am afraid we shall lose all revenue from
this article, from which I think we oughtto derive
a large revenue.
There is no constitutional difficulty in the way.
The Senator from Kentucky a while ago staled
the correct principle. We may levy a tax on the
horses of this country, and if they are exported
certainly the duty that had been paid upon them
would not be remitted. So of carriages; we may
levy a tax on carriages here in this country, and
if we should happen afterward to export the
carriages no one would think of refunding the
tax. We may levy a tax on cotton or any other
production of this country; and if we levy it on
what is consumed at home as well as what is ex-
ported abroad it is not an export tax. An ex-
port tax within the meaning of the Constitution
is a tax levied on an exported article from which
the article consumed at home is exempt. That is
the meaning and the definition given in the books
on taxation. An export duty is a duty levied on
the exported article. Where the duty applies to
the article consumed at home and abroad it is not
an export duty. It is a duty or an excise accord-
ing to the nature of the article taxed. Theie is
no difficulty, therefore, in my judgment, in the
way of our taxing cotton.
The question is how can we levy that tax so
as not to do injury to our own industry? The
Senator from Rhode Island said that the domestic
manufacturer labored under some difficulty m
competing with the foreigner. That is a mi-stake.
By the tax on manufactures there is a duty of five
per cent, internal tax levied on all manufactures
of cotton, and not one cent more in any form.
That is the aggregate of internal taxation on
manufactures of cotton in any form. When this
manufactured article is exported every cent of
that is refunded under the operation of the law as
it now stands. The Senator from Missouri is
right on that point. If these manufactured cot-
ton goods are exported to a foreign country every
cent of duty paid here at home is refunded in the
first instance, so that the article may be exported
free of any duty whatever levied in this country.
That was done to put the manufactured article
here on the same footing with the article manu-
factured abroad. That is the present law. Now
Senators want us toimposc a duty of six cents on
all cotton, to be levied on the English purchaser
