426
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
thority of.that act, Treasury notes of the descrip-
tor! and character authorized by its second section;
but the whole amount of bonds authorized by it
and Treasury notes issue'd and to be issued in lieu
thereof is not to exceed the sum of $400,000,000;
and such Treasury notes may be disposed of for
lawful money, or for any other Treasury notes
or certificates of indebtedness or certificates of de-
posit issued under any previous act of Congress;
and such notes are to be exempt from taxation by
or under State or municipal authority. The sec-
ond section of the bill provides that any bonds
known as five-twenties, issued under the act of
February 25,1862,remaining unsold to an amount
not exceeding $4,000,000 may be disposed of by
the Secretary of the Treasury in the United
States, or, if he shall find itexpedient, in Europe,
at any time, on such terms as he may deem most
advisable. There is a proviso that this bill is not
to be so construed as to give any authority for
the issue of any legal-tender notes, in any form,
beyond the balance unissued of the amount au-
thorized by the second secticnof the act of June
30, 1864.
Mr, SHERMAN. It is proper, as this is a bill
of general importance, that I should state the pur-
pose of it. By the act of the last session, approved
June 30, 1864, the Secretary of the Treasury was
authorized to borrow $400,000,000 on the credit
of bonds to be issued by the United States on the
terms prescribed by the first section of that act,
and he was authorized by the second section to
issue,in lieuof $200,000,000of the bonds author-
ized by that first section, Treasury notes to an
amount not exceeding $200,00.0,000. Under this
law, perhaps about seventy million dollars have
been issued under the first section and about
one hundred and twenty-five million dollars un-
der the second scction. The Secretaiy of the
Treasury desires to avoid the issuing of bonds
under the first section, to avoid the payment of
interest in gold. He does not desire to increase
that class of securities at present unless lie is com-
pelled to do so. The only effect of the first sec-
tion of this bill is to authorize the issue of the
same amount under the sccond section of that law,
'instead of under the first section.
The second scction of the bill relates to $4,000,-
000 of the live-twenty loan which was hypothe-
cated for certain purposes in London, and is now
there. Itauthoi izes the Secretary of the Treasury
to sell those bonds already issued in the market,
rather than to issue new oonds, or to export gold
to redeem them.
I believe this is the only explanation of the bill
that is necessary. It is only a change of the form
of security, and does not increase the amount now
authorized by law.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
MILITARY ACADEMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 move that, all prior orders
be postponed, with a view to take up the Military
Academy bill. I will state that 1 should like very
much to pass to-day the Military Academy bill,
and also the Post Office appropriation bill, which
have been lying on our table for three or four
days.
, The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 621) making appropri-
ations for the support of the Military Academy
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1866.
The Committee on Finance reported the bill
with two amendments. The firstamendment was
to strikeout lines thirty-nine and forty of the first
section of the bill, in the following words:
For store-rooms for artillery and small-arms, §25,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
strike out the second section of the bill, in the fol-
lowing words:
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That section four of
chapter forty-five of the public acts of the first session of
the Tlnrty-Kighth Congress, relating to cadets " tound de-
ficient," is hcieby repealed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in and or-
dered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a
third time. Itwas read the third time, and passed.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate prorj
ceed to the consideration of the Post Office appro-
priation bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, gs
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 659) making appropri-
ations for the service of the Post Office Depart-
ment during the fiscal year ending the 30th of
June, 1866.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bill and joint resolution from
the House of Representatives were severally read
twice by their titles, and referred as indicated be-
low:
A bill (H. R. No. 705) for the relief of collectors
and surveyors of the customs in certain cases—
to the Committeeon Finance.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 142) tendering
the tlianks of Congress to Major General Philip
H. Sheridan and the officers and men under his •
command—to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
BILLS RECOMMITTED.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 376) to amend
an act entitled "An act to amend an act to incor-
porate the inhabitants of the city of Washing-
ton, passed May 15,1820,"approved May 5,1864.
Mr, MORRILL. I move that it be recom-
mitted to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. ANTHONY, the Senate
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 387)
for the relief of Solomon Parsons, which had
been reported adversely by the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the bill be re-
committed to the Committee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
HENRY A. BRJGITAM.
Mr. HARRIS. A bill for the relief of Henry
A. Brigham was passed by the Senate about a
week ago after a very exhaustive discussion.
Subsequently a motion was made by the Senator
from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] to reconsider the bill.
It was sent back from the House of Representa-
tives for that purpose; and if the Senator from
Kentucky has no objection, 1 should like to call
that up now.
Mr. DAVIS assented.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New York moves to postpone all prior orders for
the purpose of proceeding to the consideration of
the subject indicated in his motion.
Thf motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the motion of Mr. Davis to
reconsider the vote by which the bill (S. No. 212)
for the relief of Henry A. Brigham was passed.
Mr. DAVIS. I will merely state the ground
upon which I made the motion for a reconsidera-
tion of the passage of the bill. J feel no particu-
lar interest in it. There was in the testimony in
the case the evidence of a bank officer. That
cvidcncc proved the fact that while the dispute
about the counting of the? money was progress-
ing, a third person came m and examined the
package from which the money was lost; but it
did not state whether this examination by the
stranger, the third person, was before the money
had been counted by the paymaster, or afterward.
The testimony of the bank officer was indefi-
nite on that point. I desired that the testimony
should be retaken, and that that officer should
make a definite statement on that point. If thG
examination by the stranger was before the deficit
was ascertained and announced by the paymas-
ter, I would not vote for the passage of the bill to
give the paymaster relief, because I think that
would be such an act of carelessness on his part,
in admitting the money to be counted by a stran-
ger and a third person, as to preclude him from
asking any relief from the Congress of the United
States. On the contrary, if that examination by
the stranger took place after the deficit had been
discovered and announced by the paymaster, I
would vote most readily for the passage of the bill.
I feel entirely indifferent what disposition the
Senate make of the motion to reconsider. That
is all I have to say about it.
Mr. CLARK. I do notknowthat I understand
distinctly to what examination the Senator from
Kentucky refers.
Mr. DAVIS. The written evidence of the bank
officer in the case.
Mr. CLARK. I understand that there was the
written evidence of the bank officer; but did I un-
derstand the Senator to refer to the examination
of the money by a stranger?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir. That bank officer re-
marks in the course of his testimony that he saw
the money that was then paid by the bank officer
to the paymaster Being examined by a stranger.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator misunderstood the
testimony entirely, 1 think.
Mr. DAVIS. I think not. At any rate, he
said that a stranger had his hand on it.
Mr. CLARK. That was while the officer of
the Department was counting u out.
Mr. DAVIS. My recollection of the evidence
is this: that the evidence of the bank officer, in re-
gard to the money being handled by the stranger,
is not clearupon the point whether it was before
or after the deficit was ascertained and announced.
Mr. CLARK. It was before.
Mr. DAVIS. Before?
Mr. CLARK. I think so.
Mr. DAViS. If the proof is that it was be-
fore, 1 think it is just such a case in which the
paymaster ought not to have relief at all.
Mr. CLARK. After that, the paymastertook
it and counted it himself, to ascertain if it was
correct, and then they discovered the loss of the
money.
Mr. DAVIS. The evidence itself i3 better to
establish its contents than any understanding or
debate between the honorable Senator from New
Hampshire and myself in relation to what that
evidence is.
Mr. CLARK. The evidence has gone to the
Houbc of Representatives. There is no evidence
here. I tried to find it.
Mr. GRIMES. It is printed in the Globe.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not care what disposition
is made of the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tho question is
on reconsidering the vote by which the bill was
passed.
The motion was not agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the Speaker of the House had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bill and joint resolution; and they
thereupon received the signature of the Vice Pres-
ident:
A bill (H. R. No. 677) to amend an act enti-
tled u An act to provide ways and means for the
support of the Government, and for other pur-
poses," approved June 30, 1864; and
A bill (S. No. 384) to amend an act entitled
" An act to amend and extend the charter of the
Franklin insurance Company,"approved the 2d
of March, 1838.
RETALIATION ON REBEL PRISONERS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It being near the
expiration of the morning hour, and there being
no other matter before the body, the Chair will
call up the unfinished business of yesterday, the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 97) advising retalia-
tion for the cruel treatment of prisoners by the
insurgents, the pending question being on the
amendment offered by the Senator from Ohio;
[Mr. Wade,] and upon that question the Sena-
tor from Kentucky [Mr. Da\is] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. DAVIS. I shall not occupy much of the time
ofthe Senate in continuation of the remarks I was
making yesterday. I had stated the proposition
that the law of retaliation existed as an undoubted
principle of international law, and that the law of
retaliation had its limits was just as certain and
as indisputable as the existence of the principle
of that law itself. I read from two American au-
thorities in limitation of the law of .retaliation,
and both of those authorities established this gen-
eral principle, that retaliation by death in any
form could only be visited upon those who were
personally guilty of the offense against national
