1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
427
law for which retaliation was resorted to. I do
not contend myself for the latter or the qualified
principle of retaliation to the extent that Chan-
cellor Kent and Professor Woolsey do. I admit
that there may be cases in which retaliation by
death in some form may be visited upon persons
who are not individually and personally guilty of
the offense for which retaliation is resorted to as
a preventive.
By way ofexampie, there is bushwhacking now
all over the States that border upon the confed-
eracy. I concedc that the bushwhackers may be
shot down, and that they ought to be shot down
without being captured; that prisoners should not
be taken from bushwhackers at all, because they
are a lawless set of robbers, Assassins, and mur-
derers who ought to be hunted down in thatsum-
mary form. I concede, further, that if a man isa
bushwhacker and our authorities desire to make
an example by way of retaliation^ bushwhacker
may be taken as the subject of that retaliation.
But I would qualify that concession in this wise:
I wquM not allow any commanding general by
his own order to determine who was and who
was not a bushwhacker, and order that man against
whom there was an imputation of being a bush-
whacker thus to be summarily executed. I would
require the bushwhacker to be tried by a mili-
tary court, and give him'an opportunity of dis-
proving the chaige if he could do it, in order to
exempt himself from that summary mode of exe-
cution. My friend from Maine [Mr. Farwell]
suggests that the Government ought to be re-
quired to prove the fact that he was a bushwhacker
against him. I conccde the justice of that posi-
tion; but that is not the principle upon which the
law of retaliation is practiced in relation to bush-
whackers. The military commandant ofthe par-
ticular section of the country—at least it is so in
Kentucky—decides for himself and by himself
who is and who is not a bushwhacker; and any
man that he determines to be a bushwhacker he
orders to summary execution by being shot.
My own opinion, Mr. President, is that such
mode of punishment might frequently result in
the murder of an innoccnt man. It denies to a
man the right of trial. It withholds from him the
invaluable privilege of proving himself innocent
of the charge that is made against him, arid with-
out any examination, mutual or ex parte, of the
facts of the case, it dooms him to a sudden and to
a horrible death. In that form I would not, if I
could control the matter, permit any man to be
punished. I would not consent that any man
should be deprived of his life upon the imputation
ofcrime withoutknowing what the charge against
him was, and without having a fair and a full
opportunity of bringing evidence of his exculpa-
tion from that crime. Retaliation exists only for
one purpose and upon one reason, and that reason
is not vengeance, not justice, but simply by the
force of the example of retaliation to arouse an-
other belligerent, who is in the inhuman violation
of the laws of war, to a proper observance of those
laws of war in waging hostilities; and that is the
only legitimate consideration, in my judgment,
upon which the principle can be executed. It is
the reason upon which it is founded in the laws
of nations.
Mr. President, this law of retaliation is not our
law. It is not the law of the Congress of the
United States. It is not the law oi the President
ofthe United States. It is the law of nations,
that is established by their consent, their practice,
and their usage. We have to receive the law as
the nations ofthe earth have made it; we cannot
modify it; we cannot add to it; we cannot restrict
or repeal any of its piinciples or provisions; it
exists as a code independentof all loca! legislation
by any Government upon earth; it exists as the
common, general law of the civilized world, that
has received the sanction of the nations of the
civilized world.
This law may be taken up by the President of
the United States without any additional legisla-
tion upon the part of Congress just as it exists,
and it may he executed by him; and as some of the
members of the Senate have maintained, and 1 as-
sent to the position, there m no reason whatever
for the intei position of Congress in this mutier
at this time. So far as the law of letaliation exists,
so far as it may be legitimately executed, it is to
be decided bv the law of nations, and the Presi-
dent of the United States, without any ancillary
legislation on the part of Congress, may execute
that law just as he could and to the same extent
and rigor with which he mightexecute it backed
by any legislation which Congress would adopt.
I had furthermore said that the fate and the
question of our prisoners depended somewhat
upon two powers. The first is the rebel govern-
ment and authorities that hold them in captivity.
The second power is that of our own Govern-
ment, and especially our military authorities, who
have the function to exchange for them, and to
relieve them from that captivity by the ordinary
mode to which the civilized earth has resorted and
resorts for the deliverance of prisoners, and that
is, by exchange. I stated that I had asked the at-
tention of the Senate to the latter point more than
twelve months ago, and I had failed to attract
any decided attention to the subject on the part
of the Senate.
How did this difficulty in relation to the ex-
change of prisoners arise? I concede that there
have been the most revoking and inexcusable cru-
elties piacticed on the part of the rebel authorities
toward our prisoners. The picture read by the
honorable Senator from Michigan [Mr. Howard]
in a report of a committee that examined the sub-
ject a few days since, was one of the most revolt-
ing that has ever been presented to my mind. I
have no doubt that thousands and tens of thou-
sands of our prisoners have perished in captivity
substantially in the mode set forth in the vivid
picture that is presented in that report. Who
doomed those unfortunate and brave men to such
a fate? It was the rebel authorities; but if there
was a power, and that power was in their own
Government, to redeem and to deliver these un-
fortunate men fiom that dreadful fate, and our
Government and our authorities refused to make
the deliverance, I ask if the condemnation against
our own Government ought not to be as severe
as that against the rebel government for bring-
ing them into such a condition?
The honorable Senator from Maryland [Mr.
Johnson] adverted to this subject about the time
that I brought it before the Senate. A cartel for
the exchange of prisoners wasestablished between
the two Governments at an early day. That car-
tel was read yesterday by the honorable Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Henderson.] Itestablished
the general principle that prisoners should be ex-
changed by the belligerent parties according to
the terms recognized and practiced by the present
civilized world, it furthermore stipulated that if
cither party had an excess of prisoners over the
other, that excess of prisoneis should be liber-
ated upon their parole. The rebel authonties have
contended all the time with distinct emphasis, that
the cartel in relation to the release of prisoners
upon parole was violated by the American au-
thorities. if it was violated by the American
authorities I suppose they had some very good
reason for it. But be thatasit may, the difficulty
which arrested the exchange of white prisoners
was that the rebel authorities refused to give negro
prisoners in exchange for white prisoners. The
Senator from Mmyland adverted to the number
of negro prisoners that were then in rebel prisons.
Mr. HOWE. If my friend will allow me, I
should like to know whatis the authority for the
statement he has just made, that the difficulty in
the way of exchanging white piisoners was be-
cause the icbel authonties refused to exchange
colored troops.
Mr. DAVIS. I will read to the honorable Sen-
ator in a few minutes some authority on that sub-
ject. In the mean time I state that position, and
'i will sustain it by pioof m a few minutes.
I undeistood, furthermore, that the lebel au-
thorities weie willing to exchange negro prisoners
who had been freed before they entered the Uni-
ted Slates Army; they were willing to exchange
negro prisoners whose ownership could not be
ascertained; they only refused to exchange negro
prisoners to the extent that those prisoners be-
longed to their own people; and they insisted and
practiced upon the principle of returning^thosc
negroes to their owneis in the confederate States,
and therefoie refused to exchange them as pris-
oners of war.
I recollect that the honorable S-nnlor from
I Mnrylntui Ktete'l ne;ir a. year a^o, when the suh-
' juct v/us up before the Senate, in debate, that there
were only between one and two hundred negro
! prisoners then held in captivity by the lebel mil-
itary authorities, and that all the obstacle to the
exchange and to the deliverance from horrible
captivity of ten, twenty, or thirty thousand white
Union prisonerst was that there were between one
and two hundred negro prisoners held by the
rebel authorities which they refused to give in
exchange.
Now, sir, I will read an extract from a letter6f
General Butler, dated m August last, to the rebel
commissioner for prisoners, Mr. Ould:
" I unite with you most cordially, sir, in desiring a speedy
sottlemontof all these questions, invtew of the great suf-
feungs endured by our prisoners in the hands of your au-
thorities, ot which you so feelingly speak. Let me ask, in
view of that suffering, why you have delayed wight months'
to answer a proposition which by now accepting you ad-
mit to be right, just, and humane, allowing that suffering
to continue so long? One cannot help thinking, even'at
the risk of being deemed uncharitable, that the benevolent
sympathies of the confederate authorities have been lately
stirred by the depleted condition of their armies, and a de-
sire to get into the field, to affect the piesentcampatsn, the
hair, hearty, and well-fed pusoners held by the United
States in exchange for the half-staived, sick, emaciated,
and unserviceable j-oldieis or the United States now lan-
guishing in your piisons. 1'ho event1? of this war, if we
did not know it before, have taught us that it is not the
northern portion of the American people alone who know
how to duve shaig> bargains.
"The wtmigs, indignities,and privations suffered by our
soldiers would move me to consent to anything to procure
their exchange, except to barter away the honor and faith
of the Government of the United States, which has been
so solemnly pledged to the coloied soldiers in its ranks.
" Consistently with national faith and justice we cannot
relinquish this position. Will) oui authonties it is a ques-
tion of pioperty merely. It seems to address itself to you
in this form. Will you Buffer your soldier, captured in
fighting your battles, to be in confinement for months rather
than release lum by giving lor him that which you call a
piece of property, and which wc are willing to accept as a
man ?
kV You certainly appear to place less value upon yom sol-
dier than you do upon your negro. X assure you,much as
we of the North ate accused of loving property, our citizens
would have no difficulty in yielding up any piece of prop-
erty they have in exchange for one of thou luothcrj- or  ons
languishing in your prison*. Certainly theie could be no
doubt that they would do so were that piece of properly
le>s in value than $5,000 in confederate money, which is
believed to be the price of an able-bodied negro in the in-
surrectionary States.
'♦ Ti usting that I may receive such a reply to the questions
propounded m this note as will lead to a speedy resump-
tion of the negotiations for a full exchange of all prisoners,
and a delivery ot them to their respected authorities, I
have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient ser-
vant, BENJAMIN F. BUTLER,
" Major General and Commissioner of Exchange
The correspondence between the two commis-
sioners of exchange was reported upon the call
ofthe Senate; and, if I recollect that correspond-
ence, it states distinctly that the difficulty,and the
only difficulty, in the way ofthe exchange of white
pi isoners was, that the rebel authorities refused
to exchange for negro prisoners. In the remarks
that I made to the Senate on that subject at the
time, I assumed the position that the Government
and the military authorities of the United States
ought to exchange for our white prisoners, even
if the rebel authorities refused to make a solitary
exchange for a negro prisoner. I assumed then
that the holdmgof white Union prisoners in rebel
prisons to languish,to be tortured by stai vation,
and to die, did not in any degree alleviate or make
more comfortable the condition of negro prisoners.
1 assumed, furthermore, that if the rebel author-
ities were willing to exchange for any class of
Union soldiers in captivity, white or black, that
exchange ought to be made to the extent that was
practicable, in order to deliver those who might
be delivered from the horrors of such a captivity.
I remarked then, as I now remark, that if from
any whim, or principle, or policy, the rebel au-
thorities refused to exchange white prisoners and
were willing to exchange negro prisoners, the fact
of their refusal to exchange white prisoners ought
not to have been an obstacle with our military
authorities even to exchanging negro prisoners;
and with much more force and distinctness would
1 contend for the converse of that proposition.
If the rebel authorities were willing to exchange
for the ten, twenty, orthirty thousand white pris-
oners, who were m that loathsome captivity > and
refused to exchange for negro prisoners, it was
the dictate of humanity,, of justice, of magnanim-
iiy^xnd of gratitude upon the part of our own
Government to our own brave white men who
wrre thus perishing in such loathsome prisons—
it was the duty of our Governments those brave
men, who were thus sufFeiing martyrdom by ail
the horrors of starvation, to deliver them atonce
from such a wretched fate.
But what says General Butler? " The faith of
