1194
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
m the form in which it is proposed to be exported.
For instance, whisky is taxed at the distillery.
If whisky in that form is exported, my opinion
is that the tax upon the whisky that has been
paid in that form may be refunded, and ought to
be refunded, because in that form, being exported,
it is not subject to a tax at all. But, on the con-
trary, if cotton is manufactured into a fabric in
that form, and if it is exported, it is not subject
to a tax at all, because there is a prohibition of
a tax upon exports; but the man who exports it
is not entitled, to have a drawback for any tax
that has been imposed upon the raw cotton wool,
upon the principle that raw cotton wool if it is
exported in that form would not itself be subject
to a tax; in other words, that it is only the article
in the form in which it is proposed to be exported
that is prohibited from being taxed by the pro-
vision of the Constitution which prohibits any
tax upon exports. 1 admit that Congress may
give the benefit of a drawback—I may call it a
drawback—upon the exported cotton fabric; but
that is not a protection given under the provision
of the Constitution which says that " no tax or
duty shall be laid on articles exported from any
State."
It would be simply in the nature of a premium
or a bounty upon the export of the article in that
form. My own opinion js that the raw material
ought not to be taxed £pr home consumption, be-
cause, in my judgment, it would be impolitic and
would be oppressive to the people to put this tax
upon the raw material that is to be manufactured
and consumed at home.
Mr. H ENDRICICS. I hope the Senator from
Kentucky will take it in good part if I suggest
to him that he alwaysexpresses himself so very
clearly that it is but seldom necessary for him to
interrupt any gentleman to restate his position. 1
think I understood him correctly before.
I think myself that aniinternal tax may be im-
posed upon any article if that tax has no reference
to its exportation-, but if it be a tax with a view
to the exportation, it cannot be laid. Suppose
there arc a thousand bales of cotton produced in
any particular locality. Those thousand bales
may be taxed at the rate of six cents a pound in
the locality where they are produced, and after-
ward a portion of them may be sold to the manu-
factory in the northern-States,and a portion may
be taken to port and sold abroad; but they go out
with the cost that is upon them at the time they
reach the port. One objection that! have to this
section is, that I think, in spirit, it does violate
the Constitution. It piopoaes that the cotton
that is used in this country shall not pay six cents
tax, but that all cotton that is exported and sold
abroad shall pay six cents. Although in words
it may not be a violation of the Constitution, it
is in effect. I should like to have the attention
of the chairman to that proposition, that as the
section stands it taxes cotton that is used in the
country nothing.
Mr. IJOWE. Oh, no.
■ Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes , sir, it taxes it noth-
ing, fui the s uason that if the manufactured article
be carried out of the country, then there is a
drawback to the full extent of this tax.
"Mr. SHERMAN. But that which is con-
sumed at home will have to pay the tax.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is so. I am speak-
ing of the article that is manufactured in the coun-
try and afterward in the manufactured condition
sold abroad. To that extent it pays no tax,
while ail cotton that is intended for exportation
is to pay six cents. In spirit, to that extent, I
think it is a violation of the Constitution; but I
do not caie about discussing that question at this
time.
Now, sir, what right have the eastern States
to ask of us that there shall be a tax of six cents
a pound upon cotton, and that they shall be al-
lowed to recover that back ftom our people if
they sell to us; but if they go into foreign markets
to compete with manufacturers abroad, that that
shall be refunded? i cannot see the right of it.
AH that they can ask of us in imposinga tax upon
cotton is that they shall have an equal chance in
the mai kets there and in the maikets abroad. In
the nnu kets at home they have more than an
equal chance, because they have the protection
of the tariilact. They have a protection of thirty,
or forty, or perhaps fifty per cent, here at home;
and then if they pay the same tax upon the cotton
that the foreigner has to pay to us when he buys
the cotton, it is certainly.all they can ask. Has
it ever been known before that they shall have
an advantage given to them in their efforts to
secure a foreign market? Heretofore it has been
considered enough if they were placed upon equal
terms and their enterprise and their labor were
not crippled by any legislation on our part; but
now they ask the advantage of six cents on every
pound of cotton that they convert into fabrics
which,they propose to sell abroad. 1 think it is
not right; and if the Senator from Ohio withdraws
his amendment I shall renew it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Do you want a vote upon it?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir; I think the
proposition ought to be adopted.
Mr. SPRAGUE. It is proposed here to tax
cotton six cents a pound, while cotton can be
produced in other countries without any taxation
whatever at as cheap a price as the cheapest in
this country. I ask the Senate to understand that
when they are voting on this question. The cotton
produced in Mexico, in Central America, and in
Egypt, is as favorable to any fabrics that are used
by the people as the cotton that is produced m
any portion of this country. You tax the cotton
produced in this country, and permit the cotton
to be manufactured in England untaxed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) The questiorns on the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Ohio, to strike out
all after line ten of section three.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will withdraw that, and
let the vote be taken on the section.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Very well; I will let it go.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question,
then, is on the amendment of the Committee on
Finance to strike out the whole of section three.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will offer at this place,
from the Finance Committee, a new section which
1 believe will be satisfactory to everybody, it
comes in appropriately at this portion of the bill,
and therefore i would rather have it here:
And be it further enacted, That from and after the 30th day
of June, 1805, the gross amount of all duues, tuxes, and
revenues received or collected by virtue of the several acts
to provide internal revenue to suppoit the Government,
and to pay interest on the public debt, and of any other act
or acts that may now, or hereafter, be in torce connectcd
with the internal revenues, Mml.l be paid by the officers, col-
lectors, oi agents receiving or collecting the same, daily
into the Treasuty of the United Slates, under the instruc-
tions of the Secretary ot the Treasuiy, without any abate-
ment or deduction on account of salary, compensation,
fees, costs, chaises, expenses, or claims of any description
whatever, anything in any law to the eonuarv notwith-
standing. And all moneys now directed by law to be paid
to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, including those
derived from the sale of stamps, shall be paid into the
Treasury of the United States by the party milking such
payment; and a certificate ol such payment, stating the
name of the depositor, and the specific account on which
the deposit was made, signed by the Treasuier, Assistant
Treasurer, and designated depositaries, or proper officer of
the deposit bank, and tian^mitted to and received by the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, shall be deemed a com-
pliance with the law requiring payment to be made to Ihe
Commissioner, any law to the contrary notwithstanding:
Provided, That in districts where from the distance of
the officer, collector, or agent receiving or collecting such
duties, taxes, or revenues from a proper Government de-
pository, the Secretary of the Treasury may deem it proper,
he may extend the tune for making such payment, not ex-
ceeding, however, in any case, the period of one month.
And be it jurther enacted, That so much money as may
be necessary for the payment of Javvful expenses incident
to carrying into effect the various acts relative to the as-
sessment and collection of the internal revenues after the
30th day of June, J 86,5, until the 1st day of July, 1806, and
not otherwise provided for, be, and the same is hereby,
appropriated from any money m the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated. And it shall be the duty or'such of the
collectoisof internal revenue as the Secretaiy of the Treas-
ury may direct to act as disbursing agents to pay the afore-
said expenses without increased compensation therefor,
and to give good and sufficient bonds and sureties for the
faithful performance of their duties as such disbursing
agents, in such sum and form as shall be prescribed by the
Fir«t Comptroller of the Treasury and approved by the
Secretary.
Mr. President, this is a very important provis-
ion, carefully prepared by the Secretary of the
Treasury, and I believe heartily approved by
every member of the Committee on Finance who
has examined it. It applies the same lule in the
receipt and disbursement of the funds from the
internal revenue that are now applied to the re-
ceipt and disbursement of customs, and withdraws
ftoin the Commissioner of Internal Revenue all
control over the money, and requites the money
to be paid directly into the Treasury and paid
cut on warrants aa any other money.
Mr. HOWE. This is a very important pro-
vision, as the Senator from Ohio states, and it is
a very necessary one. I approve it entirely. I
recollect a similar provision was drawn at the last
session, and it was adopted by the Senate. It
was then found necessary to make a great many
amendments in the law in order to incorporate
that with the law. I do not now recall all the
amendments that were then necessary, but I rec-
ollect two provisions in the law which it seems to
me will be very inconsistent with this; one of
which directs the assessors of the several districts
to audit the accounts of their assistant assessors
and pay them by drafts on the collector; and that
still stands. There is no other mode, as the law
now stands, of auditing, settling, and paying the
accounts of assistant assessors, except having
them audited by the assessor, and paid by draft
on the collector.
Mr. SHERMAN. We require in a previous
amendment all these accounts to be submitted to
the proper accounting officers.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator is mistaken. The
accounts of the assistant assessors are not re-
quired to be presented to the proper.accounting
officers. There is another provision in the law
which seerns to me to be very incongruous with
this. The law still retains in the employ of the
Government a cashier of internal revenue, a sal-
aried officer, giving a heavy bond, who will have
nothing in the world to do if this amendment is
adopted, as it ought to be adopted. 1 only call
attention to these provisions.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 45, section
four, line eleven, after the word "benzole" to
strike out the word 41 coal."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 45, section
four, line thirteen, after the word "cotton" to
strike out the words " manufactured tobacco,
snuff, cigars, cigarettes, and cheroots;" so that
the section will read:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That in addition to
the duties imposed in section ninety-four of the act to
which this is an amendment, as hereinbefore amended,
there shall be levied, collected, and paid upon the goods,
wares, and merchandise therein mentioned, except as here-
inafter otherwise provided, an increase of one fifth or
twenty per cent, of the duties or rates of duty now pro-
vided m said section, whether ad valorem or specific: Pio-
vided, That the additional duties or rates of duty heiem
mentioned shall not apply to coal illuminating oil."refined,
and naphtha, benzine and benzole, coal, paper of all de-ci ip-
tions, printed books, magazines, pamphlets, leviews, and
similar publications, cotton.
Mr. HENDERSON. I trust this amendment
will not be agreed to. Whatever tax will be put
upon tobacco will be placed in a previous section.
The Senator from New Hampshire and myself
have agieed upon that.
Mr. CLARK. This amendment should not be
made, as we have arranged the tax in other parts
of the bill. 1 hope, therefore, that the amend-
ment will not be agreed to.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. MORRILL. I should like to inquire
whether it is in order to move an amendment to
this section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Not until the
amendments of the conrmittee have been con-
cluded.
The next amendment was to strike out the fifth
section of the bill, m the following words:
Sec, 5. And be it further enacted, That every national
banking association, State bank, or State banking asso-
ciation, shnll pay a tax of ten per cent, on the amount of
notes of any State bank or State banking association paid
out by them after the 1st day of Januaiy, 1886.
Mr. GRIMES. On that I want a vote.
Mr. CLARK. I ask the Senator fiom Ohio
who has charge of this bill to allow that amend-
ment to be pa&sed until we come to consider the
one at the end of the bill, which, I suppose, he
intends to propose in lieu of it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am perfectly willing to
allow the action of the Committee on Finance to
stand at present, and let the matter go to the
committee of conference. We cannot enter into
the debate on the subject now.
Mr. GRIMES. I want a vote upon it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator ftom Iowa
wants it stMok'-n out, and I want it retained.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not want it stricken out.
I want it to stand.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not want it stricken
