THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
January 26,
our Government is pledged to the negro soldiers."
| understand that faith to have been, ""We will
riot enter into exchange with the rebel authorities
for white prisoners, unless they will agree at the
same time to exchange for negro prisoners,"
That was the reason,and the solitary reason, if
1 understand the difficulty, why the exchanges
for white prisoners did not proceed. Why, sir,
suppose the rebel authorities had been willing to
exchange for all white prisoners, except those
from Tennessee, or any other State, would their
objection and refusal to exchange for that class
of prisoners be any excuse, much less any jus-
tification, to our military authorities not to ex-
change for the white prisoners that they were
willing to make a free exchange for? I contend
that this business of exchange was not a matter
that interested mainly the rebel government; it
was a matter tliatinterested principally American
Union prisoners who were perishing m prison.
Mr. HOWE. Will the hon&rable Senator al-
low me to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir, with pleasure.
Mr. HOWE. The honorable Senator has just
read from a letter of General Butler's, written
in August last. I should like to know if it was
not preceded by a letter from Commissioner
Ould, of the rebel government.
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir; but I have not got that
letter here.
Mr. HOWE. I should like to ask the Senator,
further, if it is not within his recollection that the
letter of General Butler, from which he lias just
read, was in reply to a letter from Commissioner
Ould, in which Commissioner Ould said that our
Government had, months preceding that date,
offered, and repeatedly offered, to make the ex-
changes, man for man and rank for rank, which
offer had been steadily refused by the rebel au-
thorities, for two reasons, one of which was that
they would not consent to treat colored soldiers
in the American uniform as prisoners of war, and
we must relinquish that pretense as the condition
to exchange, and the other was that before they
would exchange at all we must agree to parole the
excess of prisoners in our hands.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not understand the facts as
the honorable Senator from Wisconsin has stated
them. I understand the position of the rebel gov-
ernment to have been this: that their authorities
were willing to enter into an exchange of prison-
ers on the terms of the cartel agreed upon between
the two Governments, that the rebel authorities
were willing to execute the agreement in the car-
tel for the exchange of prisoners between the two
Governments.
Mr. HOWE. Yes; and the Government of the
United States refused to carry out that cartel, for
the reason that the rebels had violated in num-
berless instances the paroles given by their prison-
ers, and therefore we refused to take paroles any
longer.
Mr. DAVIS. But I understand the position of
our authorities—and it is stated substantially by
General Butler in the correspondence to which I
liave referred—to be that they had pledged their
faith and honor to the colored soldiers that no
exchange of prisoners should take place with the
rebel authorities unless the exchange included
negro prisoners as well as white prisoners. I
may be misinformed; I may have read the papers
inaccurately; and if so, I should like to be cor-
rected; but I understand ourGovernment to have
assumed and steadily and inflexibly to have main-
tained the position that it would enter into no
exchange of prisoners unless the rebel authorities
would agree to treat negro soldiers just as white
prisoners, and enter into their indiscriminate ex-
change. I understand General Butler to have
stated this pledge to Commissioner Ould as one
reason at any rate why the exchange for white
prisoners had not proceeded.
I stated at that day and at an earlier day that
this would be one of the ills and evils resulting
from the enlistment of negro soldiers into our
armies; that there would be disputes and ques-
tions about the exchange of negro soldiers which
could not be satisfactorily adjusted with the rebel
authorities, and tlmt those difficulties would pre-
vent, hinder, or defeatthe exchange of white pris-
oners, and would condemn our white citizens to
remain in these prisons where they were gradu-
ally starving to deaths In my judgment ourGov-
ernment had no right to assume any such posi-
tion, and especially it had no right to maintain
that position so persistently, so obstinately, and
so inflexibly as to suffer twelve or eighteen months
to expire without a general exchange of white
prisoners between the two authorities, and in that
way to have permitted thousands and tens of thou-
sands of the best and bravest men of our land to
perish by starvation.
A friend of mine came from Libby prison two
or three months before the close of the last ses-
sion of Congress, and he informed me that he had
been in that prison thirteen months, that in that
time there had been upward of eighteen thousand
Union prisoners brought to Libby and to Belle
Isle, and that more than six thousand of them had
perished by exposure, want, and starvation, and
the diseases resulting from insufficiency of food
and from exposure. We have all seen the report
of the mortality in the prisons of Andersonville
in the southern confederacy during the summer.
All the papers stated that at one time there were
about thirty thousand Union prisoners confined
in the prisons at Andersonville, and that in two
months, either June and July or July and Au-
gust, upward of eight thousand of our prisoners
perished in that single place.
I have no doubt that at least thirty thousand
Union soldiers have died from starvation and dis-
ease resulting from insufficient food and from ex-
posure, from a want of shelter and other protec-
tion that a sick soldier ought to have, by being
held in these rebel prisons. What a horrid fate !
The vivid picture read by the honorable Senator
from Michigan, the other day, from the report of
a committee of the Sanitary Commission, I sup-
pose did not portray it in colors too strong. The
human heart and imagination recoil from torture.
The rack and all the cruel modes of punishing
and torturing criminals in the dark nges shock
the sense of the present age of Christian civiliza-
tion; but all of them were not more revolting,
were not more horrid, and indeed not so much so,
as the punishment of a prisoner by starvingliini
to death. In my judgment, the most horrible
death that my reason or my imagination could
contemplate would be to be shut up 111 a dungeon
and there starved'to death. The men who can
doom prisonous to such a fate are monsters, and
any punishment of the guilty who do this deed
that would promise to reform or restrict or cur-
tail in any degree the horrid sufferings of our brave
and unfortunate soldiers who are prisoners in the
enemy's hands, I would be willing to resort to.
But, Mr. President, what liberality, what mag-
nanimity, even what justice toward our poor un-
fortunate prisoners, had our Government a right
to expect at the hands of these rebels, these crim-
inals? None. They are engaged in a conflict of
war, deadly, savage, desolating, almost without
an example in modern times. But here is our
own Government, which is charged with the fate,
of our brave but unfortunate captives in rebel
prisons. These men, the soldiers of our Repub-
lic, had volunteered to bear aloft the flag of our
country and to sustain the Union and the author-
ity of the United States within all the borders of
the United States. When those men were so un-
fortunate as to be captured, and especially when
the direful misfortune of being lodged in such
prisons as Libby, Belle Isle, Andersonville, and
others equally horrible, was brought upon them,
I ask if every principle of humanity and justice
and policy did not require that their own Gov-
ernment should exhaust every means to deliver
them from their dreadful condition.
I ask you, sir, and I ask the Senate, if the re-
fusal of the rebel authorities to exchange for a few
hundred negroes was any justification, any ex-
cuse, any palliation even, for our military author-
ities in not exhausting every means of exchange
or parole and any other mode whatever by which
these brave and perishing men might be delivered
from their horrible captivity and its inevitable
death. I say to-day that if the subject of exchanges
had been taken up honestly, earnestly, and in good
faith by our Government and our military au-
thorities eighteen months ago, more than twenty
thousand gallant and true men who have died in
these dreary prisons would have been restored to
their country, their friends, their families; and
with all the comforts of home and all the atten-
tions of mother, wife, and daughter which they
would have received, they might ere this have
been ■ restored to health, so that now, instead of
filling an unknown grave in a distant land, they
would be cheering and sustaining and blessing
their own homesteads and their own families.
Sir, I view with horror the conduct of the rebel,
authorities to these prisoners, and second, even
if second to that, I view with repugnance, con-
demnation, and execration, the heartless, cruel,
and unjust indifference of our own authorities to-
ward the fate of these perishing brave men.
I never heard it controverted before this occa-
sion that the great difficulty in the way of ex-
changing white prisoners with the rebel author-
ities was their refusal to exchange for negro
prisoners. On this point I will read again a single
clause from General Butler's letter:
"The wrongs, indignities, arid privations suffered by our
soldiers would move up to consent to anything to procure
their exchange, except to barter away the honor and l.utll
of the Government of the United States which has been so
solemnly pledged to the colored soldiers in its ranks.55
What was that faith ? What was that pledge?
What was it but simply this, that exchanges
would not be entered upon by our Government
unless they were treated as prisoners of war with
our white soldiers, and unless the exchanges
should extend to and include negro soldiers as
well as white men? I dissent entirely from the
position that the refusal of the rebel authorities
to exchange a few thousand, yea all the negroes
in America if they had been in captivity, should
make one moment's delay or obstacle in the ex-
change of our white prisoners. The refusal to
exchange negro prisoners did not mitigate the
sufferings of those negroes. It made their con-
dition no better. It gave them no additional com-
forts. It offered them no speedier or earlier de-
liverance from captivity. Then, when it produced
no good fruits to the negro, and resulted in the
wasting, torturing, starving to death of our white
citizens in captivity, why should the latter dread
consequence he looked upon calmly, with cold
indifference and apathy, in its terrible consumma-
tion, by our military authorities and they not
waive the condition of negro prisoners being also
exchanged?
Wo, Mr. President, I would say and I do say
that all the negroes in America should never have
been one iota in the way of or an obstacle to the
fiee and prompt deliverance of our unfortunate
white soldiers from captivity. It is for that rea-
son that, although 1 denounce and censure and
abhor the cruelties of the rebel authorities that
doomed our brave men to such a dreadful fate, I
condemn with equal decision and with equal in-
dignation that heartless policy of our military
authorities which permitted those brave men
there to remain and thus to perish. I like to hear
the thunders of the denunciation of my eloquent
and able friend from Michigan in condemnation
of the ciuelties of the rebel authorities; but here
is a double cruelty; here is a cruelty, an apathy,
a heartlessness, a devotion to an abstraction and
amischievouserroron the partof ourown author-
ities, that has resulted in the great destruction of
the health, of the happiness, of the hopes, and
even of life to all those prisoners of ours that have
died in rebel prisons. 1 insist, then, that con-
demnation ought to extend to our own authori-
ties also.
Sir, we have even heard the proposition ad-
vanced that exchanges ought now to cease because
our prisoners are in an emaciated and unhealthy
condition, while the rebels are in a healthy and
hale condition, and will if exchanged go into
theirarmies, and fighting behind fortifications one
man of them will be equal to four of ours. For
that reason we have been told that exchanges
should not take place any more during this war;
and nobody is able to determine or to predict
when the war will close I Sir, I utteily repudiate
that position. I do not care what advantage in a
military pointof view the exchange of our prison-
ers would give to the rebel armies or to the rebel
power. The simple, singleinquiry ia, whatdoes
the obligation under which our Government lies
toward our brave soldiers (who are in captivity
in loathsome dungeons where they are starving
to death and enduring such horrid tortures) re-
quire from ourGovernment toward those men?
Wot that exchanges shall cease, not that ex-
changes shall be further postponed until the
negro is exchanged, but to go forward to-day,
to-morrow, whenever you can, with any class of
our white soldiers, any number of thctn, without
