1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
1195
out, but I do not think we have time now to enter
into a discussion of the subject.
Mr. CONNESS. Lot us take a vote upon it.
Mr. GRIMES. It is useless to send a ques-
tion of this kind to a committee of conference,
•when the Senate itself may be in favor of agree-
ing with the proposition of the House of Repre-
sentatives.
^ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment reported by the Committee
on Finance to strike out the fifth section of the
bill.
Mr. GRIMES and Mr. HENDERSON called
for the yeas and nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. G-RIMES. I have only one word to say
in this connection. It is known to most mem-
bers of this body, at any rate to all those who
were here when the original bank bill was passed
and when the amendment to it was passed a year
ago, that I voted against both of those bills, be-
. cause I did not believe at the time that it was ex-
pedient or wise for us to go into that system; but
Congress decided otherwise, and the country has
sustained Congress in that action. Now 1 think,
if it be true, as the Senator from Ohio has told us,
that these State banks, notwithstanding they have
been diminished in number, have continued to
increase the volume of their currency, so that they
have out now somewhere between one and two
hundred millions 
Mr. CLARK. The Senator is mistaken.
Mr. HARRIS. They reduced their circula-
tion over thirty millions last year.
Mr. GRIMES. My authority is the chairman
of the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have the official state-
ments here.
Mr. GRIMES. If that be true, I say the
Government must obtain some control over them,
and we may just as well let these banks know at
this time that at some future time they must adopt
the other system of banking that has been agreed
upon by Congress and sanctioned by the people,
or they musfclose up their shops. Hence I am
in favor of this proposition.
Mr.RAMSEY. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to this section by adding the following pro-
viso:
Provided, That banks incorporated under State author-
ity, whose ciioalatiu^ notes aie secured wholly by deposit
o! bonds of the United States at their par value to the
amount of tender cent, beyond the amount of their circu-
lating notes, shall be taxed upon thejr circulation and de-
ports in the same manner and at the same mtes as are, or
may be, prescribed (or the taxation of national batiks.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, if the Sen-
ate is not willing to let this matter go to a com-
mittee of conference I am willing now to meet the
question fairly. I think we must cither repeal
the national banking law or we must forbid the
circulation of State banks. We are just in that
predicament when in my judgment it is vitally
necessary. I haveamassofdocumentsand papers
here, and intended at some length to explain to the
Senate the importance of this question and my
own views upon it; but 1 could not do so at this
hour of the session. Although my strength is
sufficiently preserved to do it, I do not want at
this period of the session to speak to the Senate
on the subject; nor do I want to delay a vote on
the passage of this bill, because to do so, I think,
would endanger the passage of the bill entirely.
The statement made by the Senator from Iowa
is correct as to the great body of the States. The
amount of circulation in 18G3, in all the States now
within our juiisdiction, including New Orleans,
was $173,039,185. The amount in January, 1864,
was $169,926,129, showing a small decrease in
one year; but nearly all that decrease was in the
States of Louisiana, Tennessee, Kentucky, Mis-
souri, and Indiana. In the eastern States the in-
crease during 1863 was millions.
Mr. CLARK. How much?
Mr. SHERMAN. About ten million dollars
absolute increase.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator from Iowa said,
and to that 1 took exception, that the increase had
been almost one hundred million dollars.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now let me tell you the
condition ofaffajis. In my State and oihui States,
tome of the State banks, availing themselves of
the privileges of the national banking law, there
being no icstiiction upon their State circulation,
all the restrictive measures having failed at the
last session, have actually organized under the
national law, and have increased their State cir-
culation and have received at the same time cir-
culating notes under the national system, and are
now going on and conducting business in that way.
The amount of State circulation at this moment
outstanding, and upon which there is a tax, was
on the 1st of January, over one hundred and
thirty-six million dollars. Although the amount
of national circulation has gone up to something
like eighty million, yet theamount of State circu-
lation has not diminished one fourth of that; and
the very banks that are organized under your
national system are keeping and carrying on a
double circulation on the same capital. Not only
that, they have actually raised the question of
law, whether they are bound to pay taxes on
their old circulation, on the ground that the old
corporations have ceased to exist and there is no-
body to act. In my deliberate judgment, as the
result of my sober conviction, we must put an
end to one or the other of these systems.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Both.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Wis-
consin says " both." I do not think it wise to
put an end to both. I think the national banking
system has been a grand and agreat success, and
1 would stake my reputation upon it; but it can-
not undergo thissystem of competition with State
banks thatare now increasing their issue. I have
these tables furnished me by the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue and also by the Comptroller
of the Currency, showing u state of affairs that I
think ought at once to be checked. The House
were at loggerheads about various propositions.
Various taxes were proposed. Many members
who were in favor of taxing State banks out of
existence could not a<rree upon the terms. Fi-
nally, however, they did agreeupon this fifth sec-
tion. That will, I think, effectually do the woik,
and I trust, therefore, that the Senate will agree
to the section. It is true a majority of the Com-
mittee on Finance recommended that it be stricken
out; but I may say here, without disclosing any
secrets, that was done, I believe, for the purpose
of bringing it to the attention of the Senate as
much as anything else. We were divided about
it just as the Senate will be divided. My own
convictions are strong on the subject, and I in-
tended at some length to go into the details of the
argument upon it; but 1 will not do so at this late
period of the session, as we have barely a quo-
rum present, and if we should break up at last
without a quorum, all I should say here would
only have to be repeated when we discussed it
again; and yet I think it is our duty to stand by
this bill and get it out of the way if we can to-
night. There are many importantquestions lying
behind it. I, for one, was willing to let this sec-
tion be stricken out and trust to the committee of
conference to keep in a section of this kind. I
would rather see the whole banking system sus-
pended one year than see the present condition
of affairs continued, and I believe it would be bel-
ter for the country to do it.
Mr. FARWELL. I should like to ask the
chairman of the committee one question. I de-
sire to ask him if he has got any information
whether it was not possible for the Treasury to
furnish these banks, if they had all chosen to en-
ter into the national banking system, the circula-
tion to supply the necessary amount previous to
this time ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I am told there is no trouble
about that at all.
Mr. FARWELL. I believe with the Senator
that the sooner we drive out the circulation of
these banks the better.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state further that the
House amendment does not operate until the 1st
of January next. It gives to the State banks
nearly one year to close up their business, and it
wiil not operate very severely. It postpones the
operation of all future taxes until the 1st of Jan-
uary. The amendment I have prepared at the
close of this bill is based upon a different princi-
ple; but as a matter of couise, if this fifth section
is retained, 1 shall abandon that amendment.
Mr. HOWE. I wish the Senator from Ohio
would give way to an adjournment. ["Oil, no."]
It is half past eleven oVIock.
Mr. SHERMAN. We must get this bill out
of the way to-night.
Mr. COWAN. We cannot pass it to-night.
There is no use of attempting it.
Mr, CLARK. Let us make ail the progress
we can with it.
Mr. SHERMAN. If we cannot pass it to-
night we may as well kill the bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS, This proposition has
nothing to do with revenue. This is banking.
Mr. HOWE obtained the floor.
Mr. HENDERSON. Senators have to sleep
at some time, and if we stay here to-night we
shall have to sleep to-morrow. We must have
rest; and 1 propose that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. HOWE. I will give way to a motion to
adjourn.
Mr. HENDERSON. Then I make that mo-
tion.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 suggest, if Senators are
impatient, that we read through the bill and dis-
pose of everything else at any rate, and then we
can talk about the question of adjournment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not consent to that.
If the Committee on Finance abandon revenue
and commence a banking system, I hope we shall
discuss it thoroughly. I will never consent to it
as long as I can resist it in any proper way. I
do not consider this section as belonging to rev-
enue at all. I consider the whole proposition an
outrage upon the States, and I feel it to be my
duty to resist it as long as I am aide to do so. If
it were a revenue question I would go any extent,
compromise anything; but it has nothing to do
with revenue. It is to carry out a peculiar policy
that I do not believe the country wants.
Mr. CONNESS. I rise to inquire what is the
question in order.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have; moved that the
Senate adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Missouri
that the Senate do now adjourn, and that motion
is not debatable.
Mr. CONNESS and Mr. SHERMAN called
for the yeas and nays; and they were ordered;
and being taken, resulted—yeas 12, nays 16; as
follows:
YEAS—Mes®^. Cowan, Davis, Harris, Henderson, Hen-
dricks, Howe, Morgan, Morrill, Powell, Ramsey, Sprague,
and Van Winkle—lli.
NAYS—Anthony, Chandler. Clark. Conner,
Donlutle, Fcirwell. Foxier, Giimcfc-, Lane of Indiana, Nye,
Sherman, Stewart, Sumner, Trumbull, VVilley, and Wil-
son—J6.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, Carl lie, Cnllamer,
Dixon, Foot, Hale, Harding, IJdilan, Howaid, Johnson,
Lane of Kansas, McDougall, Nesmith, I'oineroy, Richard-
son, Riddle, Saulshury, Ten Eyck, Wade, lYrillmis>oii, and
Wr/gin—22.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. HOWE and Mr. CONNESS and Mr.
TRUMBULL rose and addressed the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Wisconsin is entitled to the floor, he having
yielded it to allow the motion to udjuurn to be
made.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know how the
Senator from Wisconsin can occupy the floor
after a motion to adjourn has been made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. He yielded it
to allow the motion to be made.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then he lost it, I appre-
hend. I do not understand that a Senator can
give way and have a motion decided and still oc-
cupy the floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not ac-
cording to the strict construction of parliamentary
rule, but it has always been customary in the
Senate. Besides, the Senators all rose at once,
and the Chair recognized the Senator from Wis-
consin.
Mr. CONNESS. I have no objection to the
Senator's having the floor, if he does not propose
to make a long speech.
Mr. HOWE. 1 do propose to make a long
speech.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is somewhat extraor-
dinary to me that a Senator can atiow a motion
to adjourn to be made and still occupy the floor
after that motion is*decided.
Mr, HOWE. I have been here but a few years;
but m the course of the few years I have been
here I never knew a gentleman to lose tho floor
by giving way to a motion to adjourn. That is
the difFeience between the Senator's experience
and mine.
I am sorry to have this question forced on the
Senate when it is so thin,and at so late an hour.
It is a question in which I feet a very deep
