430
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
is proposed in the present resolution. He con-
tinues;
"He has not given us a citation of a single authority of
force and respectability in this body justifying the high
measure which he proposes. I expected to hear it. He is
the champion of the measure ; he reports it to the body;
but instead of referring to accredited authority upon the
subject, he gratified the Senate by read ingfiom a pamphlet
containing a report of a committee," &c.
The passage alluded to by the Senator from
Indiana was from General Halleck, in which,
although the general admits the propriety of the
principle of retaliation, he declares that where one
belligerent resorts to inhuman and barbarous prac-
tices in the treatment of prisoners, or in any other
mode of carrying on the war, it is not permissible
to a civilized hation to imitate his example by way
of retaliation; and General Halleck, in support,
as it would seem, of this declaration of his, refers
to various writers upon the laws of war and the
laws of nations. Since the passage has been called
to my attention, I have examined the authorities
referred to by the general in his text, and I do not
find that he is supported by a single one of the
distinguished writers to whom he refers and whom
he cites in support of his proposition; and I say
here in the Senate, with confidence, that theie
cannot be found in any of the writers commonly
accredited as teachers upon the laws of war and
the laws of nations any statement or declaration
that corroborates and supports that of General
Halleck m this regard. Yattel says—and this was
the passage referred to by the Senator from Indi-
ana—
" Retaliation, unjust between private persona, would be
a much mote unjust practice between nations, because
hem the punishment would fall with tnoie difficulty upon
those who have done the wrong,"
This is the passage fromVattel upon which is
predicated,! maysuy with propriety,! think,the
whole of the argument against the measure of re-
taliation which is now proposed. It is asserted that
Yattel condemns such retaliatory measures dur-
ing wai, and this passage which 1 have cited is
used in support of that proposition. This pas-
sage has been erroneously applied to an existing
war, whereas the author is speaking only of re-
taliation as a means of compelling a nation to do
justice before making war upon her. He is
speaking of this retaliatory law as one which
may or may not be put in practice before the
offended nation sees fit to take the remedy into
its hands and enters upon a direct prosecution
to right herwrongs. As such preliminary means
the author condemns the use of it, but he nowhere
censurcs, buteverywbere recognizes, the principle
of retaliation. This is obvious enough from the
rest of the paragraph which the Senator from In-
diana would have done well to read before attempt-
ing to cast his censures upon me. The same
author uses the following language upon the sub-
ject of retaliation in the same patagraph:
" What riitfit have you to cut oft the no«?e or the ears of
the cmhur^urioi of a barbarian who has treated yom cm
has-j.uloi in like maimer? to tho*e reprisals which in
tune of war paitake of retaliation, they ate justified hy
Oilier principle*., and we will.speak of ihem in then place."
They are justified by other principles, by the
principle, of course, of necessity, of a just self-
defense and a just piotection of one's own rights;
and whatever may be that necessity, the honorable
Senator will And that by the books it is bounded
only by the principle of self-preservation, the
preservation and defense of the nation and of its
interests; and there is no other rule by which
this necessity can be bounded or measured. lie
proceeds:
" All that is true in this idea of the talio is, that, all things
boins? equal, the puuishmeuroimht to hold *ome piopomou
to the vuong which is to be punched''—
This is Vattel's language—
<4 the end and foundation of puuMiment requiring it to he
tliub."—VatUl, lib. y, ehap. 18. sec. 339.
Mr. Wheaton, treating of the rights of war be-
tween enemies, says:
"The law of nature has not precisely dctetmined how
farjui individual is allowed to make use* of totce either to
defend linn^'lf against an attempted injury, or to obtain
reparation when refused bj the aggressor, or to bring an
ofiondei to pnau Imient. '\Vc can only collect from this
law Hie  oneral ihie that such of force as is necessary
for obtaining these ends is not tot bidden." The same prin-
ciple applie- to the "conduct of sovereign States existing
in a fetate of natural independence with respect to each
other. No use ot force is lawful except so far as it us ne-
cessary."
Necessity is then the standard by which the
force is to be measured and determined. If you
are dealing with an enemy who is not restrained
by the ordinary punishments inflicted by civilized
nations engaged in war with one another, if you
are engaged with a barbarous enemy who does
not hesitate to put innocent prisoners to death
without necessity and in his own wrong, if you
find it absolutely necessary to resort to severer
and still severer measures of retaliation, in order
to compel your adversary to observe justice, then,
sir, upon, every principle of common sense and
of common law, you are authorized to use that
amount of severity which will insure the end at
which you aim, which will compel him to aban-
don his evil courses, and to observe the laws of
christianized,civilized war. Itisa complete beg-
ging of the question to say that you may not by
way of retaliation starve a prisoner to death. 3f
your enemy persists in starving your prisoners
in his hands to death, after you have notified him,
after you have remonstrated with him against it,
and it is perfectly apparent that a similar tieat-
ment of his own prisoners is the only means by
which you can restrain him, I ask you, sir,
whether it comports with humanity, with your
duty to protect your own soldiers, to omit the
employment of such means as will obviously re-
strain your enemy, and compel him to treat in
the ordinary way of civilized warfare the pris-
oners in his hands? \
Mr. McDOUGALL, Will the Senator from
Michigan allow me to make an inquiry of him
for information?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. McDOUGALL. We have all read the
rules that Vattel and other commentators on the
laws of war have laid down on this subject; but
I will inquire of the Senator, has it occurred in
the histoiy of civilized States to legislate a lextal-
tonis ?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr, McDOUGALL. When and where?
Mr. HOWARD. 1 will answer tny honorable
friend from California on that subject so perfectly
that I think he will not be inclined to repeat the
question before I got through.
Now, sir, upon the general subject of retalia-
tion in the prosecution of a wai 
Mr. McDOUGALL. If the Senator will allow
me, I will state my position more exactly so that
he will understand precisely how to answer my
question. I understand that the lex talionis is a
business of time, carried out by military com-
manders in the field pending war, not a matter of
legislation, i do not lemember m all history of
anything of legislation on that.subject.
Mr. HOWARD. I think I shall show the
honorable Senator from California that in that
respect he is mistaken also.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I may be.
Mr. HOWARD. I have another autLoiity
upon the general law of retaliation, the weight of
which i think will hardly be denied or disputed.
It is a no less authority than Napoleon himself,
who probably was as good and as profound a
judge of the tules of war between civilized nations
as has ever lived, a man who for twenty-five
years was almost in the daily exercise of those
rights and usages, one to whom they were as
familiar, doubtless, as any other branch of his
great profession. History tells us that the Bour-
bon princes conspired together in London and in
other places to assassinate Napoleon while he was
First Consul; and so far did the conspirators go
with their projects against his individual life as
chief of the State, that they employed the '' infer-
nal machine," so called, for the purpose of de-
stroying his life while he was passing through the
streets of Pat is. The historical incident is familiar
to us all. By way of retaliation for such repeated
attempts upon his life made by persons who were
in the employ of his enemies, and who were, of
course, to all intents and purposes, his public
enemies, he seized one of their number, the Prince
d'Enghien, on neutial territory, brought him by
force to Paris,subjected him to trial by a military
commission, by which he was sentenced to be
shot, and the dieadful sentence was carried into
execution even without the knowledge of the
emperor. For this act of retaliation the emperor
has, i believe, been generally condemned by En-
glish writers and English historians: but { refer to
the incident, not for the purpose of showing that
what he did was in itself just and right, but for
the purpose of showing what were his views upon
this great subject of retaliation. " Who," he ex-
claims in his conversations with Las Casas—
"Who can blame me for having acted thus? What!
blows threatening mynxistence are aimed at me day after-
day,from a distance of one hundred and filty leagues; no
power on earth, no tulmnal, can afford mc rcdicss; and
shall T not be allowed to use the right of nature and return
war for war? Whatman unbiased by party teelmg, possess-
ingthe smallest share of judgment and justice, can take
upon hur>«olf to condemn me?" * * * *
"They [the Uouibon princes] could not reasonably pre-
tend to be above the law to destioy others, and claim the
benefit of it for their own pieservation; the chances must
be equal."
So exclaims the emperor, and so I say, " the
chances must be equal." The rebels have no
right in justice, or upon any principle, to claim
for themselves immunity foratrocities committed
against us. The emperor proceeds:
"My great maxim has always been that in war,as well as
in politics, every evil action, even if legal, can only be ex-
cused in ease of absolute necessity ; whatever goes beyond
that is ciiinin. l "—Las Cnsas, Jour., vol. 4, p. 260, London
edition of 1823. v
He put the question of retaliation upon the
ground of necessity for the purpose of protecting
himself, as chief of the State, from the attempts
at assassination made against him by his enemies.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I understand the Senator
to quote from a rule laid down by an emperor, at
that time First Consul, who had acquired power
in Fiance.
Mr. HOWARD. I believe he possessed some
power at the time he retaliated.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I do not understand that
to be a piece of legislation, but the affirmation of
a doctrine or a policy of war. Am I right in
that? Was not that a policy of war laid down
when adversaries were contending with each
other ? Was it legislation ? Was it ever done in
council hall by the men who undertake to make
laws ?
Mr. HOWARD. 1 am coming to that ques-
tion directly. If the Senator will exercise his
patience a little, I will come to that point in the
course of my remarks. I really hope he will en-
deavor to control his impatience for a moment.
I certainly will do as I promised. He need have
no anxiety on that subject whatever.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The promise of theSen-
ator is a very good one. I have great respect for
him.
Mr. HOWARD. Now, sir, the honorable
Senator from California, with that confidence in
his osvn excellent understanding and well-in-
formed mind which pertains to him, seems to
throw a defiance to me to produce any act of
legislation by which the principle of retaliation in
war has received the sanction of any civilized
Government; and I now address myself to that
particular question. If the honorable Senator
will turn to page 743 of the first volume of the
Statutes at Large of the United States, published
by Little & Brown, he will find an act, approved
March 3, 1799, while the Congress of the United
States were in existence, entitled " An act vest-
ing the power of retaliation, in certain eases, in
the President of the United States." That act
declares:
"That on information being civen to the President of the
United States provingsatissfactorilv to him that any citizen
of the United States who shall have been or may he found
on board any ve«*cl ot w:u of either of the Powers at war
with the French republic, and who shall have been un-
picked or loiced by violence or threats to enter on hoard
such vessel, hath suffered death, or hath icceived otbei eor-
poial punishment, or shali be imprisoned with unusual se-
venty by older of the executive Dueetoiy ot the Pi each
republic, oi of any officer or agent acting under their au-
tliouty m pursuance of any decree of the ^aid Direetoiy or
law oYthe French republic, it shall be lawful lor the Presi-
dent of the United State*, and lie isheieln empoweied and
required, to cau>e the itiu-jt iiguioti* letaliatuni lo be e,xe-
euti d on any such citizens of the Fieneli republic a< have
been, oi heieatter maj be, oaptuied in pursuance of any of
the laws of the United States."
There, sir, is the exercise of the talio by an act
of Congress pure and simple, reflecting retalia-
tion, not upon the guilty party who has commit-
ted the atrocity or the barbarity, not upon the
officer or the soldier who has committed the crime
upon American citizens, but upon any citizen or
subject of the French lepublic who shall be cap-
tured by the authority of the United Statps. It
will be recollected that at that time the United
States were in a gurmstate of war with the French
republic. That is my first precedent; but I do
not stop there.
