1196
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
interest. I would a great deal rather see the bill
buried than to see that section adopted; and if
that section be adopted, I shall vote to bury the.
bill. There is nothing more certain than that,if
I live to vote upon the passage of the bill. There
is no necessity for this, and in my humble judg-
ment there is no justification for it whatever.
I am unlike the Senator from Iowa: I voted for
this national bank system; I approved of,it; 1
agree that it should supersede the State banks*,
but I dissent utterly and altogether from that in-
timation or suggestion which comes from several
quarters that if it must supersede the State sys-
tems the sooner it supersedes them the better. It
ought to supersede them; it is sure to supersede
them, because it is a better system; but I did not
think it was necessary to tell the Senator from
Iowa; I did not think it was necessary to tell the
Senate of the United States that it was an opera-
tion of some little delicacy to wind up a banking
system; that you could not close out a circulation
of one or two hundred million in a day without
jarring somebody; and it js not necessary to jar
the community m order to effect the very end that
the Senator from Ohio and the Senator from Iowa
aim at.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Wis-
consin will give way to a motion to adjourn I
wiil make that motion, and will change my vote
upon it.
Mr. HOWE. I will give way to a motion to
adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
adjourn. 1 think we shall accomplish nothing by
sitting here longor to-night.
Mr, SHERMAN. 1 call forthe yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 14, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Cowan, Davis, Harris, Henderson,
Ilendnck^, Howe, Motgnn, HJorrill, Powell, Ramsey,
fc?pM«in«3 Stunner, Tiumiiull, and Van Winkle—14.
NAYS—.Mostrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Conner,
Dooiuile, F.mvell, Poster, Grimos, Lane of Indiana, Mc-
Doiumll, N>e, Sherman, Stewart, VVilley. and Wilton—15.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Huelcalevv, Onrlile, CoJla-
nt«r, Dixon, Foot, Male, Harding, liarlan, Howard, John-
son, Lane of K.m&a*, Nesmith, J'otneioy, Richardson,
Kiddle, Saulebury, Ten Kjck, Wade, Wilkinson, and
W light—31.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. HOWE. I am unlike the Senator from
Ohio. I have not a vast amount amount of facts
cr figures with winch to treat the Senate to-night.
I have some ideas about this question. J have
already said I did not believe it is necessary for
the country at large. As an apology for the in-
terest I take in it, as an apology for the fact that
I undertake to- speak at all upon the question at
this hour of the night, I will say thatit is a meas-
ure which is full of peril to the people of the State
1 represent. 1 have heretofore explained the pecu-
liar condition of the banking system in thatState;
I have heretofore told the Senate the impossibility
of their being transferred suddenly from the sys-
tem upon which they are now banking into this
new, and as 1 believe, better system. I shall not
puisue that topic to-night. 1 undertake to say
that it i3 not necessaiy for the country at large
that this very radical measure should be adopted.
The circulation of these State banks is not in-
creasing. The Senator from Ohio has told you
himself upon facts which lie held in his hands
that on the contrary it is diminishing. There is
another fact of which I am very well advised:
that banks are being transferred from the State to
the national system to-day, and have been for
months past, just as rapidly as the Comptroller
of the Currency could provide for them. It re-
quires some time, it requires some effort, to pro-
vide the circulation, to reccivc and examine the
papers, and to perfect the organization of a bank
upon the national system; and 1 am told that for
months the transferhns gone on just as fast as the
Comptroller of the Currency could provide for
them.
It is said that some of thosetianks which have
changed from State to national banks have not re-
tired their circulation but still keep it out. That
is a wrong in itself, and may be remedied as all
wrongs may be if you are sensible; but one wrong
cannot be remedied by repeating another. If you
mean to stop that evil, address yourself to the
collection of that evil, and not attempt to perpe-
trate another.
Mr. McDOUGrALL, I desire to ask the Sena-
torfrom Wisconsina question. By what system
does he propose to correct a thousand wrongs?
As there will be ten thousand of these institutions,
of which at least one tenth will be wrong, how
will he correct the one tenth wrong ?
Mr. HOWE. I could not very well tell ex-
actly how to treat ten thousand wrongs until I
saw them; and as I do not see but one or two
just now, I will not undertake to treat the larger
number. .
It is very easy to imposes tax upon the circu-
lation of those banks which have been transferred
to the national system. That will correct that
evil. But it does not seem to me to be right; it
does not seem to me to be fair to hold up that fact,
to hold up the wrong of a few isolated banks as a
crime in the whole system, and to insist, because
a few are doing wrong that therefore the whole
system should be abandoned. I shall not occupy
the time of the Senate at any length to-night. The
Senate is in no mood to hear, and 1 have no de-
sire to speak, lam utterly 
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator will yield
to a motion to adjourn I will make that motion.
Mr. HOWE. I will yield in one moment to
that motion. I am utterly opposed to this sec-
tion. I think it more pernicious than any other
one feature in the bill; and I think it has an
amount of viciousness in it which overbalances
all the virtue that the extremestfriends of this bill
can claim for it; and although I have supposed
that I should support it, I have never called my-
self one its extremefriends. I will nowgive way
to a motion to adjourn.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I make that motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. Upon that I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 11, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Cowan, Dooiittle, Henderson, Hen-
dricks, Howe, Morrill, Powell, Ramsey, Sprague, Sumner,
ami Van Winkle—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Conness,
Farwcll, Fo>ter, Grimes, Lane of Indiana, McDougall,
Morgan, Nye, Sherman, Stewart, Truinbuil, Wiiley, and
Wilson—16.
ABSENT — Messrs. Brown, Euekalew, Carlile, Colia-
mer, Davis, Dixon, Foot, Hale, Harding, llarlan, Harris,
Howard, Johnson, Lane of Kansas, Nesnnth, J'onieroy,
Richardson, Riddle, Saulsbury, Ten Eyck, Wade, Wilkin-
son, and Wright—23.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. With the consent of the
Senator from Wisconsin, I now ask the Senate
to act upon this amendment, to strike out the fifth
section. I myself will vote to strike out the sec-
lion for the present. I shall insist on maintain-
ing it in the committee of conference. If Sena-
tors who are opposed to the section desire it
stricken out, they can only assent to what I pro-
pose. Those who favor it will take the chance
of saving it in a committee of conference.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Minnesota to the amendment of the committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I sought
to obtain the floor some time ago simply to ex-
press my dissent from the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Ohio to submit this legislation to a con-
ference committee. He proposes that the Senate
shall either adopt it or reject it, and he is indiffer-
ent %vhich, and let the matter go to a committee
of conference to be settled. Now, what is our
condition? We have before us a bill that I ven-
ture to say not one single individual tn this Sen-
ate off the Finance Committee understands. 1
confess I do not. I looked over the bill when it
was printed and laid on our tables. I saw that
it was so long and so complicated that it would
be impossible for me, in the discharge of the other
duties that were upon me, to understand it so as
to act intelligently in reference to it, and therefore
I have not undertaken to compare this bill with
the existing law to understand its various pro-
visions. 1 thought I should be able, probably,
as we progressed with the bill to understand the
main features of it so as to be able to vote intel-
ligently upon most of the questions that would
arise in the discussion of the bill.
Now it is proposed that we turn the matter
over to a committee of conference. Why, sir,
we might as well not consider this bill at all.
When the committee of conference shall have
acted upon it, they will come in here with a report,
and what wiil be the argument? You will be told
you cannot amend the report of a committee of i
conference—and such will be the decision of the
Chair and of the Senate—it is a whole, an entirety;
and then it will be said, on the part of the Fi-
nance Committee, " This bill is necessary for the
maintenance of the Government; are you going
to let a revenue measure fail ?" These samegen-
tlemen who will vote to lay aside all other busi-
ness to take up a revenue bill, will say, " Here is
a revenue measure, and you must take it." « I
am not for this provision," says one, " that taxes
the banks ten per cent, and destroys all the State
institutions in the country." "I am not for this
provision," says another," that does not tax out
of existence these State banks; but here is a bill
as an entirety; I cannot refuse to sustain the Gov-
ernment;" and thus we will all of us be compelled
to vote for whatever the committee of conference
bring in here.
It has always been bad enough that so much
of our legislation was committed to committees
of conference, but it is getting worse every year.
When I first came to the Senate I thought it was
very had; but we used at that time to be able to
consider to some extent the report of a commit-
tee of conference; but now it is not considered
at all in this body. We have a bill now pend-
ing, I am told, in the hands of a committee of con-
ference, which has on it the most important
provisions, involving more than a million of
money, thatthisSenate has ever seen. Oneoflhe
appropriation bills passed the House of Repre-
sentatives, and came here, and was amended to
some extent. It then went back to the House
of Representatives. The House have amended
our amendments, increasing the appropriations
more than a million dollars and then asked for
a conference committee. The bill then came in
here. Some Senator moved that the Senate in-
sist upon its amendments and agree to the con-
ference asked by the House. That motion car-
ried asamatterof course. The amendments put
upon the bill by the House were not read; not a
Senator knew what they were, or knew they
were (in the bill. We agreed to the committee of
conference; and there is now in the hands of the
committee of conference of the two Houses a bill
that has on it appropriations for more than a mil-
lion dollars that have never been read in this
body at all, and we shall never know wliut tliey
are. By and by the report of that committee will
come in here, and we shall hear that the four-
teenth amendment of the House is agreed to, and
the sixteenth amendment is disagreed to; and so
on, numbering them up to fifty. If any Senator
should then venture to ask to have the report ex-
plained, it will be said," Here we are in the last
days of the session; if any time is occupied in
explanation and debate, it will defeat the bill;
you must rely upon your committee of confer-
ence." I, for one, would just as soon vote here
to-night that this Senate should not meet until
eleven o'clock on Saturday morning, and when
we meet agree to take the reports of the commit-
tee of conference that may be appointed, as to go
on legislating in this way.
Now, I hope that no such course will be pur-
sued with this bill. This important question that
is now pending I want decided by the Senate,
and I want the committee of conference, when it
meets, to be instructed by the Senate as to what
they are to insist upon, and not be indifferent
about it whether we decide it one way or the other.
The committee of conference should be the mere
representative of the body that appoints them.
That is the business of a committee of conference.
It was never contemplated that a committee of
conference should be the originators of measures
and should be the legislators. The only parlia-
mentary design of such committees was that the
committee of each House should represent the
sentiment of that House, and when the com-
mittees met together they should endeavor to com-
promise upon the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses. There is no disagreeing vote when you
take such a course as is now proposed. The
Senate, by a sort of acquiescence here, is asked
either to vote this section in or out; and the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance tells us he is
indifferent which, and does not care which; just
let it go to a committee of conference, and they
will fix it. Sir, I hope we are not to have such
legislation.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I wish to
make a simple statement in regard to this matter.
