1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
431
As recently as 1813 the Congress of the United
States passed a similaract, applicable exclusively
to acts of the British military authorities during
the war of 1812. I think the immediate occasion
of the passage of this act was this: at the surren-
der of General Scott in Canada there were some
two dozen British subjects of Irish descent made
prisoners by the British army. Scott and his fel-
low prisoners were put into a prison-ship for the
purpose of being transported to Boston and there
to be exchanged as prisoners of war; but the Brit-
ish military authorities discovered that among
these prisoners were several Irishmen, who were
detected to be such from their peculiar accent,
their brogue, and the captors, or the guard on
board the ship, were carefully selecting out every
one of these Irish prisoners, who were told that
they were not to be exchanged as prisoners of war
under the cartel existing between the two Gov-
ernments, but that they were to be transported
across the Atlantic to England, and there to be
tried, convicted, and hanged as traitors against the
Government of the country m which they were
born. That was the threat at least, that they
were to be hanged as British subjects found in
arms against their country, under a very ancient
principle of the laws of England, that a British
subject cannot expatriate himself in such a man-
ner as to throw off his allegiance; he cannot quit
his own country and become the subject or citi-
zen of another country to such an extent as to
be incapable of commuting treason against Great
Britain. There was no other remedy left in the
hands of our Government except retaliation, and
immediately upon General, then Colonel, Scott
making his report of these facts to the Secretary
of War, the Congress of the United States, then
in session, passed the following act:
" An act vesting in the President of the United States the
powci of retaliation.
<c1jc it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United Slates of Jlmerica in Congiessaiiembled, That
in all and every ea^e wheiem, dming the present war be-
tween the United Suites of America and the United King-
dom of Gieat Britain and Ireland, any violations of the laws
and usa«es of war among civilized nations shall be or have
been done and perpetrated by those acting under authority
of the Butish Government, on any of the citizens of the
United Stare*, or persons in the land or naval service of
the United States, the President of the United States is
hereby authorized to eau^e mil and ample ictahauon to he
made, according to the laws- and usages of war among civ-
ilized nations, lor all and every such violation as aloie-
said."
There is no notice required to be given to the
British authorities of the purpose of Congress to
carry out this principle of retaliation. They had
not reached that sublimated wisdom which seems
to have some influence in this Chamber, and by
which, it would seem, we are required upon prin-
ciples of honor and justice to notify these rebels
that we intend to retaliate for violations of the
laws and usages of civilized war. Our friends
on the other side would have us believe that the
innocent, verdant individuals who are at the head
of this rebellion know nothing about the laws of
war, that they are innocently ignorant of them all,
and therefore it is becoming us, as a great and
magnanimous people, to condescend to give them
notice that we propose to enforce the principles of
that code. I take it for granted that they under-
stand the laws of civilized war as welias we do,
and that therefore there is no necessity whatever
for our giving them notice that we intend to en-
force the principles of the code.
Section two of the same act declares, further:
"That in all cases whete any outia^e oi act of ciuelty
or barbaritv shall he or h,i> been practiced by any Indian
or Indiunn'in alliance with the Bnti-h Government, 01 in
connection with iIiom* acting under the authontv of the
said Government, on citizen* ol the Un.ted States or those
under it* protection, the Pinsideiu of the UniK'd Staa^ i>
lieieby authoiized to e.iu^e lull and ample I'-Ultatiou to be
done and executed on such Biiu^h subject^, soldier->ea-
men, or mat ineb,or Indians in alliance or connection with
Great Butain. beine prisoners of war,as it' the aanic nut-
rage or aet of cruelty or harharitv had been done under the
authority of the British Government."
Sir, our predecessors in this body did not be-
lieve, it would seem from their legislation, that we
are bound to give notice of our intention to carry
out retaliatory measures, but they believed it was
sufficient to enact, by an act of Congress,that it was
a duty which was then incumbent upon the Ex-
ecutive as the Commandei-in-Chief of the Army
as it is now. They did not hesitate to apply the
principle of retaliation and the retaliatory penalty
to persons who were* as innocent of the charge
committed against us as the angels in heaven. It
was then and is now the only mode which is left
us to bring home to the hearts and heads of our
adversaries a restraining influence which shall
induce them to treat our soldiers and prisoners in
their hands with more mercy, with more kindness,
and with more indulgence. In short, sir, you
must, in such a case as this, punish the innocent
for the guilty. It is not new in the history of
human frailty, it is not new in the history of na-
tions, or in the social history of mankind, for the
innocent to be punished for the guilty. I agree
that it is abhorrent to our feelings of humanity;
but we must remember, at the same time, that we
are not at liberty to suffer our prisoners who are
in the hands of the enemy to lie there and perish
by slow starvation when we have it in our power,
by simply subjecting their own countrymen in
our hands to the same punishment, to remedy the
evil. I say it is the only remedy we have. It is
a hard necessity, to be sure. To me it is one of
the greatest absurdities to say that the exercise
of this retaliatory right bungs us upon the same
■level with the rebels themselves. I was amazed,
and am still amazed I must confess, at the lan-
guage ofPiofessor Liebet, rather ostentatiously
quoted by the Senator from Massachusetts in
this debate. He says:
"I am decidedly against the retaliation revolutions con-
cerning pn&oners of war. The provision that the South-
erners in our hands shall be watched over by national sol-
diers who have been m southern pens is unworthy ol'any
great people or high-minded statesmen."
Certainly the professor could not have written
with any feeling of disrespect toward the mem-
bers of this body who have had the benefit of his
letter at the hands of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts; and certainly the Senator from Massa-
chusetts could not have intended anything offen-
sive by inlroducing a letter in discussion which
contains this language. I take no offense at if.
I can only say that the language of this learned
professor indicates, to my mind, that he is rather
a pedant in national law than a practical states-
man, or even a practical scholai. Buthe proceeds:
" I am not opposed to retaliation."
Ah! what is retaliation? What is the talio
spoken of in all the books upon national law? Is
it not leturning like for like so far as practicable ?
Certainly it is. It means that, and means noth-
ing short of that. He adds:
"I am not opposed to retaliation because it strikes those
who tire not oi may not be trinity ot the outrage we wish
to put an end to. Tlntf n the t< tnble character of almost
all retaliation in war. I abhoi tin* revenue on prMmoisof
wai bceau-e we would sink theieby to the level ot the
enemy's shame and dishonor."
In the estimation of this writer, it seems, that
by inflicting xetahatory punishment upon the
rebels who have thus toimentcd our poor boys to
death in southern prisons, we sink to the same
level of shame and dishonor with them. Mr.
President, are we guilty of the shame and dis-
honor of starving to death innocent and brave
men? Are we guilty of crime when we resort to
the only means that God and nature have left
us of rescuing our countrymen from the lmndsof
these barbauans? Are we chargeable with cume
and infamy and dishonor when we say to the
rebel authorities, We will return to you like
treatment for like trcatmentthatyou may author-
ize against our prisoners,'5 and when we do this
as the only means left us of pioiectnig our pris-
oners in their hands? I cannot accept of any
such doctrine. I cannot believe that the Congi ess
of the United States, m the passage of the leso-
lution now before us, will incur infamy, or dis-
honor, as imputed to them by Professor Liober,
while i see standing upon the statute-books of
the United States an act passed by our piedec^s-
sors here which is capable, if earned out faith-
fully, of producing piecisely the same results
which are specified and individualized only in the
lesulution now before us.
Sir, who voted for that act of retaliation of1813.'
Among the names who voted lor it, 1 find Cal-
houn, Cheves, Desha, Dinsmore,Uiundy,Shaw
of Massachusetts, Tahafero of \ u ma, and many
others who have left a nnme and lame behind them
worthy of our envy. I find that in the House of
Representatives there were fifty-six voting m the
affirmative, upon the final passage of that bill,
and on.ly seventeen against it. Those seventeen
were Bigelow, Bingham, Champion, Chittenden,
Emmet, Fitch, Grosvenor, Law, Lewis,Mosely,
Potter, Gtuincy, Reed, Rodman, Sheffjr, Stanford,
and White. Thepoluical character of those who
voted in the negative is sufficiently indicated by
their names. If there are tiiose who desire to
imitate them I certainly can have no objection to
their following their own preferences.
Mr, WILSON. Mr. President, I rise for the
purpose of moving that this resolution and all the
amendments that have been proposed to it be re-
committed to the Committee on Military Affairs.
1 think that the committee, in the light of this de-
bate, can frame a resolution that we can pass With
the general assent of the Senate. This debate
has given us an opportunity of understanding the
views and wishes of the members of the body.
We have the original report. We have the amend-
ment proposed by my colleague. We have the
amendment that 1 have moved to his amendment.
We have a proposition made by the Senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Henderson,] another by the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Clark,] and
anotherfrom the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.Wade,]
and there may be others.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts will allow me to interrupt him, as he
was not in his seat when the honorable Senator
from Michigan read the two acts, one of 1799and
the other of 1813, I should like to have those acts
go to the committee, for I am rather of opinion
from hearing them read that they are better than
any of the propositions that have been offered.
Mr. WILSON. If my motion is sustained by
the Senate, the committee will certainly have what
has been read by the Senatorfrom Michigan before
them. They will have all the laws of the coun-
try, and all the facts that we can gatherfrom any
quarter. I think that if we recommit this prop-
osition, and the amendments to it, the committee
can put the resolution in shape, and therefore I
make the motion.
Mr. WADE obtained the floor.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 ask the Senator from
Ohio to allow me one moment for an explana-
tion.
Mr. WADE. Certainly.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator from Mich-
igan, in the course of his remarks, stated that I
should have road further f|*om General Halleck,
and not stopped to censure him. I desire simply
to say that in no remark that I submitted to the
Senate did I intend any censure upon the Sena-
tor from Michigan, and I am not aware that I
used any language that admits of that construc-
tion. 1 made such criticism as I thought I was
allowed to make upon his argument, and in such
language as 1 thought, was courteous; but if I
was miblrd in the haste of debate to use any lan-
guage which can be regarded as a censure upon
the Senator 1 certainly did not so intend, and
would desire to withdraw it. I did not agree
with the Senator, and attempted to show the rea-
son why 1 did not, but intended to express my-
self with entire respect to that distinguished mem-
ber of this body.
Mr. HALE. I send to the Chair the 5th rule
of the Senate, which I wish mi?ht be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pomeroy
in the chair.) The reading of the 5th rule is
called for, and it will be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
" 5. When two member* ii«o at tire same time, the Presi-
dent >-ha!l name the person to *peak; but in all cases the
member who bhali hr>t rise and address the Chair shall
>.peak lust.''
Mr. HALE. I merely call the attention of the
Senate to the rule because I think the provision
of it was grossly violated in mycase. I had in-
tended to address the Senate upon this subject
briefly, but as my rigtit to the floor is not recog-
nized by the person occupying the chair, I choose
to postpone it until somebody does occupy it who
will respect it.
Mr. \VADE. Mr. President, I am opposed
to this recommitment, because I am fully per-
suaded that if this resolution be recommitted, that
will be the last of it. I do not know that we can
carry it through here, but 1 know that, in the light
of all the authorities that have been read, the
resolution as proposed to be amended by myself
stands precisely upon those authorities. It does
not differ from those in the books. The Senator
from Wisconsin desires the books to go before the
committee to enable them to draw a resolution
which he thinks will conform better to the idea oi
