1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1199
in case of need, may be used as currency; but I
mean to say that practically these are not so used,
and never have been.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts has exhibited one of the seven-thifty
notes with coupons attached, and he alleges that
such notes have never been used as currency.
Now, sir, I have in my possession a note which
I received from the Sergeant-at-Arms, in payment
fon  services as a member of Congress. It is a
five per cent, note with coupons attached.
Mr. SCO PI ELD. It is a legal tender, is it not?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It is a legal tender for the
amount of us face.
Mr. SCOF1ELD. These seven-thirties are not
legal tenders.
Mr. FERNANDO W(30D. Whether a note
be a Ie&ui tender or not does not alter the fact as
to its circulation.
Mr. HOOPER. Thegentleman from Wiscon-
sin [Mr. Eldridce] will allow me to explain that
the note to which he refers is not a seven-thirty
Treasury note; it is not a Treasury note, so-
called; but it is one of what are called coupon
'notes, winch are a legal tender for their face.
Mr. PRUYN. I modify my amendment so as
to strike out the words " or Treasury notes au-
thoiized by this act." No Treasury notes are
authorized by the bill thus far.
The amendment of Mr. PrutisT to the amend-
ment of Mr. Hoofer was agreed to; there being,
on a division—ayes 48, noes 45.
The question recurred on Mr. Hooper's amend-
ment.
Mr. SPALDING demanded tellers.
T ilers were ordered; and Messrs. Ganson and
ErooSiall were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 58, noes 38.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I move to add the
following proviso to the second section:
Provided, Tii.U to much of the act approved June 3,1864,
a? authorizes the roinptrollei of the Currency to Usue cu-
culaung note? lo national banking associations i- hereby
repealed; ami the circulation of the said buik^ shall ho
liiuhawn utidr i the direction of the Comptroller ot the
Cuiieney within one year from the passage of thi> net; and
tlie decretal v ol the Tieasmy shall be ol opinion that the
exigencies of the public service lequire a further issue of
Tre.ij-uiy notes to lepiuce the said circulation so withdrawn,
crauv pait thereof,he shall he at liberty to issue the same
in such lot m and manner (not legal tender) as he may deem
advisable.
That is the amendment I referred to lastevening
in the discussion on this bill.
Mr. BROOMALL. I rise to a point of order.
1 hold that the amendment is not germane to the
kill.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. The Chair will
of course overrule that point of order. It is not
only germane to this bill, but particularly ger-
mane to this section.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that the
point of order is not well taken.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Mr. Chairman,
the object of my amendment is to take from cir-
culation the vast amount of national bank notes
now in existence. It is declaring; in fact, that
the system is vicious and has produced much
evil in the community. And in case the Secre-
tary of the Treasury thinks that the withdrawal
of so large an amount of circulation will be dis-
astrous and injurious to trade, it allows him to
substitute Treasury notes not a legal tender to a
limited amount. That is a provision to provide
against disastrous consequences.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman to limit it to $110,000,000, which is the
amount now out from the national banks.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. 1 am willing to
leave that discretionary with the Secretary of the
Treasury.
Mr. PRUYN. That is the effect of it.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Undoubtedly. If
the rumors be true in reference to the gentleman
who is to be the next Secretary of the Treasury
he holds views which in my judgment will make
it cntnely prudent to intrust him with the privi-
lege of enlarging or contracting the circulating
medium of the country.
To sustain this amendment and to indorse the
statement made last night that the circulating
medium should be founded upon coin, I desire
the Clerk to read an extract from the report of
Mr. McCulloch, the Comptroller of the Treasury.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Paper Money—Now, what Is needed in a paper circu-
lating medium is that it should be convertible into com;
that it should be sufficient m amount to answer the pur-
poses of legitimate business ; that it should not, on the one
hand, by being ovensi-ued. encourage extravagance and
speculation, and give an artificial and unreliable value to
property; nor, on the other haw!, by being reduced below
the proper stundaid, interrupt business and unsettle values.
It should be supplied to just the extent of the demand* of
a healthy uade. It should he increased as the regular busi-
ness of the country may ruquue its increase,and*be dimin-
ished as the proper demand 'or it is diminished.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. These are the
views of the Comptroller of the Treasury in his
report of November 28, 1863, and who, it is said,
is to be our next Secretary of the Treasury. 1
think that the views so conservative, so correct,
ought to induce us to intrust to that officer a wide
discretion on this subject.
The main object of my amendment is to re-
strict the circulation. We are all agreed as to the
effect of that circulation. It has not only de-
ranged the affairs of the Government, but the
monetary affairs of the country. It is time that
something should be done in reference to the
matter.
Mr. MORRILL. I hardly think that the com-
mittee desire at tins late stage of the session to
adopt that amendment, and I move that the com-
miitee rise for the purpose of closing debate.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Lfttle-
joiin reported that the Committee of the Whole
on Lhe state of the Union had, according to order,
had the loan bill under consideration, and had
come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. PENDLETON. I ask the gentleman from
Vermont to let me submit the following resolu-
tion :
Whereas by the second section of the act of September
2, 1789, to oiganizc the Tieasury Department, it is made
the duly of the Secretary of the Trcasuiy " to make icport
and give information to either branch of the Legislature in
person or in uriling, (.is lie may be required,) respecting
nil matter'' refeiied in inm by the Senate or liou-e of Rep-
resentatives, or winch shall appertain to his officeThere-
fore,
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be invited
to attend the sittings of the Uou-^e. durum the pie«ent  es-
siou, whenever it may have under consideiation bill® im-
posing ta\e& on the people or auihonzuig the negotiation
of loans or the issuing or bonds or notes or for the amend-
ment of the national banking law. in order that he may
give the House information orally touching the necessity
ot parsing said bills.
Resolved, That the Cleric be directed to notify the Sec-
retary immediately of the passage of this resolution, and
from'time to nine to advise him when the House will con-
sider the said lulls.
Mr. MORRILL. I cannot yield to that reso-
lution.
Mr. STEVENS. There is no necessity for
that, as the Secretary of the Treasury has kindly
come up here this morning to instruct us with-
out invitation. [Laughter!}
Mr. PENDLETON. I want to give htm an
opportunity to debate.
COMMITTEE OP CONFERENCE.
Mr. WILSON. I ask to be excused from serv*
ing on the committee of conference on the Army
appropriation bill, and that the genileman from
Illinois, [Mr. Washburne,] who understands the
points of disagreement between the two Houses,
shall be appointed in my place.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec-
tion, and it will be ordered accordingly.
LOAN BILL.
Mr. MORRILL moved thatdebate in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union on
the pending amendment to the loan bill be closed
in one minute after its consideration shall be re-
sumed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the House resolved itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Littlejohn in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the loan bill.
Mr. KERNAN. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the second section.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is not
now in order. The amendment of the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Fernando Wood] is pend-
ing.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I call for tellers
on my amendment.
Tellers were ordered;and Mr. Fernando Wood
and Mr. Ashley were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 34, noes 64.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. KERNAN. I move to amend the second
section by striking out the words " shall be ex-
empt from taxation by or under State or municipal
authority," and insert in lieu thereof the words
" shall be subject to State and municipal taxation
in the same manner and at the same rate, but not
higher, as other personal estate."
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read the third section.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask unanimous consent
togo back and make a verbal correction to section
two. It is to sit ike out the words " or other ob-
ligations" m line nine. Those words have been
struck out wherever they occurred m the first
section.
Mr. HOOPER. I object.
Mr. HIGBY. I move to strike out the third
section.
Mr. WILSON. Before the motion to strike
out is put, I desire to ask the consent of the com-
mittee to go back and offer an amendment to the
first section of the bill. As I stated before, my
attention was called away when the Clerk com-
menced reading the second section. I had in-
tended to offer an amendment before that time,
but was cut off by the Clerk reading the second
sociion before I was aware of it.
Mr. HOOPER. 1 object.
Mr. WILSON. Then I will move a proviso
to the third section, which will accomplish the
same purpose. I move to add the following pro-
viso:
Provided, That the rate of interest on all bonds issued
under the provisions of this act shall be seven and three
tenths per cent., payable seim-anuually in the lawful
money of the United States.
As I said before, I had intended to offer an
amendment to the first section to accomplish the
same object.
Mr. HOOPER. I will wit lid raw my objection.
Mr. WILSON. Then I move to amend the
substitute which has been adopted for the first
section, by striking outof lines twenty-seven and
twenty-eight the words "when payable in coin,
shall not exceed six per cent, per annum." I
offer this amendment for the purpose of testing
the sense of the House on the question of paying
the interestofour obligations in coin. I know of
no better statementof the reasons why this should
be done than that given by the Secretary of (he
Treasury in his recent report, and from that I
propose to read an extract. The Secretary says:
The laws authorizing: the i«ue of bonds bearing inter-
est in com specifically pledged the revenue from cu-toms
to lhe pawuenl of that inteiest, and provided for the col-
lection or tho«.e duties m the same currency. In the opin-
ion of the Secretaiy, that pledge should not be violated.
A departure from it could only be vindicated bv one of
tho--c t-tate n« cecities winch justify a nation in tempo-
larilv postponing its obligations in order to preserve the
power to di-charge them at a future day. When the
pledge vva« given, no one anticipated a possible continu-
ance of the war for «uch a length ot tune as would involve
tiie increase of the public debt to the point it ha* already
attained, or the possible payment of interest in coin to an
amount beyond the ability of duties on imports- to supply,
it will be. noticed, however, that oui annual com interest
now exceeds fittv-«ix million dollars. Should the addi-
tional amount required for the cxpeudituie.- of the pies-cut
fiscal year be raided upon bond> beaim<r interest in coin,
anil the levenue from customs not excp"d the estimate
predicated upon the receipts ot the fitst quaiter, it is quite
manifest that resoit must «oon be had tosome othersouice
of supply, or recoui-e must be had to the emission of se-
curities of a different character. 11 could not be expected
that such secunties would «tand on a level with tho.-e the
interest upon which is payable in com, unless an inei ea-rd
value should be given them by a higher late ot intoiest. or
their payment should he secured by a specific hen upon
revenue. Jri view of the sorioiH consideration.-* pre:*onted
by this question, whether as affecting the maiket \alue of
coin or the ability of Government to meet its .*peeie inter-
est, should the war continue, fiom the levenue now spe-
cifically appropriated for that purpose, the Secretary is
forced to the conclusion tliatwe should in the futuie rely,
for the most pait, upon securities bearing interest n. cur-
rency, convertible into bonds, the iut>*i<->t of which i*- pay-
able in com. Notes bearing an increased rate oi interest,
payable in currency, ledeemahle in tlnee or five yeats. and
convertible at maturity into five twenty bonds.'would be
preferable, m the judgment of the Secretary, to any other
form of security. Bonds at longdate, the interest of which
is payable in currency at the u>ual rates, would be less at-
tractive, and in the end involve a much greater sacrifice."
Thus it will be seen that the Secretary of the
V
