CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY F. & J. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session".
FRIDAY, JANUARY 27, 18G5.
IN'ety Series. ... .No.
of prisoner* after sunendei ; and whereas a continuance of
tliet-e bArbnutiep, m contempt of the laws of wur and in
(lisx'-raul of the remonttirntoes of tho national authorities,
1m-- presented to us tho alteiiiJiuve of uilowmg our biave
soldier tbUh to be rie>troyed or to apply the pimcipleof re-
taliation for tlieii pioteclion: Tiierefoie.
Resolved, <$v., Tlmt in i! e judement of Congresf it, l>oc
bccomejusiiinblc and ue^e^ary that the Pre-idcnt bhould,
in ordei to prevent, the continuance, and iccurrence of :-ueh
baibaiitie>, and toiuMiiu the i'b.-ervaucu by the niMinzeul^
of tie; law* of civilized war, ie&nrt at once to mca^mesj of
retaliation; that tho executive and mifjta y authorities of
the United States uie iieieby directed to letahaie upon tho
piNonerr- <>f the enemy in fU<_h manner and k nd as t-hall
be effective in deterimg him fjom the perputiunon in lu-
ture of cruel and barlmious tteatment ot'our soldiers.
Mr. WADE. Now, Mr. President, if a Sena-
tor is forretaliation, if he is for tho principle of it,
he cannot have it in a milder form than it is there.
Itdoes not prescribe exaUly what the retaliation
shall consist in. The President is only directed
to make it effectual by such means as to him shall
appear proper to be used. I would have it much
stronger than that. 1 would pay them in kind. 1
have no such scruples as induce gentlemen to
shrink from retaliation in kind—fin eye for an eye,
and a tooth for a tooth, in time of war. That is my
doctrine. That was the doctrine ofGeneral Wash-
ington. That was the doctrine of our predeces-
sors in this body in all our previous wars.
Shall we treat rebels who really have forfeited
their lives by thteu* treachery more leniently than
our forefathers treated our enemies of other na-
tions in wins winch were international wars? Is
there anything that pleads in behalfof these rebels
that does not apply to independent nations at war ?
By the admitted law of all mankind, a soldier
fighting: m a just war does not forfeit his life by
being taken pusoner; he must be used according
to the custom of civilized nations, which is, not
to harm a hair of his head after he has suiren-
dered. That is the principle as applied to inde-
pendent nations. Do the^e rebels commend them-
selves to a milder treatment because they are
rebels? When a man has perjurtd his soul be-
fore God, and committed treason against his coun-
try, is thata reason why special limitations should
be made in Ins behalf? I trust not. The same
ptinciplos apply here that apply in all wars, no
more, no less. If we were to apply tho principle
in such cases strictly, it would be against these
rebels, because they are rebels, and have thereby
forfeited their lives.
But I ask no other treatment between us and
them than as between independent nation and in-
dependent nation. J invoke the great principles
of international law in protection of oivpoorsol-
diers in the hands of a barbarous enemy, and I
ask no more. Will you give it, or will you turn
your backs coldly on these poor men and say to
them,4'Our pity is reserved entirely for the enemy;
we have none on our own men, for we cannot
bear the idea that an accursed icbel shall receive
the same meed of justice ?" Is there a Senator here
who wishes to go out of this body with this con-
demnation upon his head, that he would not in-
voke the well-known international law in behalf
of our men suffering, as we are told, these hor-
rible barbarities at the hands of this insolent and
accursed foe? Shall we fold our arms and aban-
don the men whom we have compelled into the
field to fight our batiks, and to defend us against
this accursed enemy, to their fate without an effort
to rescue them ?
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wil-
son] offered a remedy here, he offered an amend-
ment to this resolution, which i observed was
looked upon wifh favor by some Senators. It
was that two commissioners should be appointed
by the President to visit the rebel authorities and
there enter into a compact on tins subject with
some of them: he did not tell us who, in hisamend-
ment. If they weie to go to the civil authorities
there and enter into such a compact, you would
thereby acknowledge bevond doubt the independ-
ence of the confederate Steles. Is that what you
intend to dor Franc- and England and every
Power in Europe would say at once, " You your-
selves led the way to acknowledgment of
their indopendencnthe moment you sent commis-
sioners there to treat with them." 1 know the I
Senator did not intend this; but such is the law 1
of nations and so it will be held by every nation
in Europe, in that way our mouths would be
stopped when they recognized the southern con-
fedeiacy, for the)r would be able to say, "You
yourselves did it fust by making a compact with
their civil and military authorities."
That is one reason why that proposition should
not be adopted; but what would be the probable
effect of it as a remedy if it were adopted? You
send two commissioners down to Mr. Davis, and
1 suppose they are to hold up before lum this
"book of martyrs" containing the testimony
taken by the committee, and to tell him, " Here,
Mr. Davis, in Libby prison, right under your
nose, subject to your observation daily, are the
skeletons of men whom you have reduced from
manhood to ghosts, whose lives have been sacri-
ficed by yourcruelty and exposure; now wecome
here somehow to argue you out of this." Mr.
Davis would say before they could get there,
"My friends, you cannot come within twenty
miles of Richmond with such a statcmenton your
tongues;" but he would tell them, "You come
here as slanderers; we deny that we have treated
your prisoners wrong and harshly, but if we
have it is not in your mouth to allege it, because
we say that you treat our prisoners as badly as
we treat youis;" and they say it all over the
South. That is all you would get by that.
First of all, then, tho effect of such a proposi-
tion would be to recognize the independence^ of
the rebels, and secondly it would be like sending
Mr. Blair down there. [Laughter.] 1 hope to
God that wo have all got sick of that. I hope you
will send some other commissioner there, if you
will have one there; for 1 understand thai he went
and doffed his cup to Mr. Davis and said to him,
" 1 have lost no confidence in you !" That in the
way we read it. That man with his soul per-
jured before God and his hand red with the blood
of his countrymen, has not acted so as to dimin-
ish the confidence in him of this missionary, and
that is no reason why he cannot approach him
with the same feeling as befote ! Thank God, that
is not the common sentiment of our people, if
you send commissioners I do not know but that
you will have to send just such men tliue, and
they are to go and km< 1 down at the feet of JelT.
Davis's throne and ask him if he will notbokind
enough to treat our prisoners better than he has
done heretofore!
Sir, if you could get a man ever to go on such
a miserable errand, who would be a commissioner
to bear these tidings to Jeff. Davis, he would
turn rightround and say, " You aie a slanderer,"
and he would put him in Libby before he had
time hardly to speak, [laughter,] and he ought
to do so; I would do it if I weie he, and you sent
anybody to me on such a foohsh mission as that.
[Laughter.] What! two commissioners to go
and ask Jrlf Davis not to he, baibarous to our
prisoners! Do you not think his heait would
fail him before yourcommissioneis? [Laughter.]
In all the negotiations for the exchange of pris-
oners is it a fact—the proposition to which 1 am
now referring presupposes it to be a fact—that
not one word has been lisped about these bai bar-
ities, and that no attempt has been made to rem-
edy them? It is the inference to be drawn from
the proposition, and I fear before God that it is
true.
I do not believe you can find in the history of
mankind an instance where a great nation having
its armies in the field, and having a knowledge for
two long years of the inhumanities and barbar-
ities that are grinding them to powder and redu-
cing: them to death by inches, has borne such
tilings without any attempt to resent them. Not
only were the facts made manifest two years ago,
but the pusoners who have been returning con-
tinually at intei vals ever since bear upon their
peisons the accursed marks of the mattyrdom
they have suffered; and these who ousfht to be
the guardians of our brave soldiers, whose first
duty is to protect them, have lisped not a word
on the subject. I know of nothing that has gone
out cither i'rom Congress or the Executive to re-
dress this great wrong. As 1 have said, 1 feel
deeply that I have not brought the subject before
Congress heretofore; but I hoped the Executive
would do his duty, as 1 understood that he prom-
ised to do; but when we find that he has not done
it, we cannot excuse it to ourselves that we have
stood silent so long.
Reflect upon it, Senators; suppose those near
and dear to you were in these prisons, and you
saw that their lives were ebbing away day by
day, and you knew that the horrors of their pris-
ons would soon end their miserable existence
unless you interposed iri their behalf, would you
not do it? I do not believe there is a Senator on
this floor who has not been appealed to over and
over again by wives and by mothers whose hus-
bands and sons were in this jeopardy. How
often have we received communications like this:
" 1 have letters from my poor boy, and death is
his cci lain doom unless he can be rescued in a
very shoit time." Whose soul is not harrowed
up with the idea that while tho country owes its
brave sons this protection, he has to reply to that
poor mother," 1 have no powerto do anything in
your behalf; the Government has not lifted its
voice even to make a protest in your behalf?" And
yet gentlemen think that we have done our full
duty to these men who are thus dying in our cause!
Sir, we have notdoneit. These baibaritieshave
been proved so that they cannot be denied. No-
body pretends to deny them. You cannot look
with composure now upon the daguerreotypes of
those n>en whose skeletons are before you and
have been for more than a yeai; and yet you go
coolly away and fold up your arms and do noth-
ing ! The dreadful story of suffering is revealed
by every prisoner who returns, by every man
who escapes from prison. Every one ol them
knows precisely the inhumanities.that are prac-
ticed. There is no dodging the fact, gentlemen,
by shutting your eyes, and closing yourears. If
you are non-resistants, if you have embraced the
new doctrines of Christianity nojv preached here,
that the wo)id as a world never heard of before,
we shall know it by the disposition you make of
these reso!utions.
1 want to know if you do nothold that weliave
a right to make defensive war; if we have no right,
to protect omselves against aggression, as waa
strongly intimated by t lie Senator from Missouri,
[Mr. Henderson.] lie invokes peculiar doc-
trines, thai, lie says, are Christian doctrines, in
behalf of this rebellion and as a bar to our doing'
anything" to rescue our brave men. Hesays you
must do good to your enemies; if they smUe you
on one cheek you must turn the other. This is
the way he would rescue our men from these bar-
bari ties'
Mr. HENDERSON. I think tho Senatorfrom
Ohio is doing me a very great injustice. When
the question "was put by my colleague whether I
would not make defensive war, 1 think 1 niadea
positive answt r. 1 have not examined the report
this morning of my remarks; I have not seen the
repoitof them; 1 have not looked over it; but I
feel very weil satisfied as to the answer thai 1 made.
! said that nations as well as individuals, by any
code of morals which I had ever seen, had aright
of defense; and 1 further stated that, m myjudg-
rnent, this was a defensive war upon our part.
"VVecet tainly did not commence the war; the rebels
commenced it. I fuither said,and the very amend-
ment that 1 have submitted goes to that extent,
that, under certain circumstances, retaliation is
ri"bt,aild ought to be adopted. I neither argued
against it nor does my amendment aigue against
h. 1 said nothing against it, but 1 did argue
against the retaliation, in kind, proposed by the
resolution. That 1 opposed,upon theground that
1 thought it might be interpreted by the nations of
the world, and would be intei preted by individuals
throughout the country, to be in a spirit of re-
venge; but 1 expressly said that I did not chatge
any vengeance, or desire to visit vengeance, on
the part of the committee.
28
