THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
Etuse it by levying two percent.on theoperations
of the gold rooms.
If you continue gold-bearing loans, take the
same debt  $1,200,000,000
Add the present currency loan, which would
be converted    608,570,952
1,808,570,952
Add the two billions Increase    2,000,000,000
3,808,070,952
Interest at 6 per cent     6
528,514,257
Deduct gold duties      70,000^000
158,514,257
To purchase at three for one..  3
475,542,771
Add for ordinary expenses  100,000,000
575,540,771
Internal revenue (deduct)  320.000,000
Balance against us of.    $255,542,771
This to be added yearly to our debt would soon
lead to bankruptcy.
Mr. HOOPER. In case the substitute be re-
jected 1 ask unanimous consent that I shall have
leave to offer the amendments which have been
adopted in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union to the original bill. 1 trust there
will be no objection.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. WILSON. Will it not be in order to re-
commit to the Committee of Ways and Means
with instructions'
The SPEAKER. It will not, as the previous
question has been seconded. It will be m order
after the third reading of the bill if the previous
question be not demanded on its passage.
Mr. WILSON. I desire, if such an opportu-
nity can be had, to propose to recommi^the bill
to the committee with instructions to report a
bill providing for the continuance of seven-thirty
bonds with the condition that when the Govern-
ment shall resume specie payment the interest
shall be at six per cent.
Mr. BROOM ALL. I ask my colleague to al-
low me the six minutes leftof his time to explain
my amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. BROOMALL. The time allowed me in
which toexplain my amendment is short. 1 will
therefore do it in as few words as I can. I was
opposed to the bill of the Committee of Ways
ana Means because I look upon it as allowing the
amount of$600,000,000 to be issued at the option
of the Secretary of the Treasury in such notes as
might enter into the currency and so further in-
flate it. I was opposed to the amendment of the
gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson,] adopted
by the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, because it required the whole $600,-
000,000 to be issued in bonds the interest on which
would necessarily be payable in gold; because I
believe that no money has yet been borrowed on
bonds where the interest was notpayable in gold.
Being thus between the two extremes, 1 offer my
amendment partly for the purpose of explaining
what I am willing to vote for, arid mainly with
the hope that the two extremes would adopt my
amendment as a mean between them.
The difference between my amendmeritand that
of the Committee of Ways and Means is simply
this: it restricts the amount of the Treasury notes
to be issued under the act to $100,000,000 instead
ofailowmg the Secretary of the Treasury to issue
the whole $600,000,000. It also raises the mini-
mum denomination. It*provides that the lowest
notes shall be of $10G instead of §50.
I think, if the provisions are fairly considered,
it will be seen while on the one hand it will not
require us to continue the gold-bearing bonds to
so large an amount, on the other hand it will not
allow the issue of such notes as will materially
enter into the currency. Notes of $100 and up-
ward play but a small part in inflating the cur-
rency. Notes of a smaller denomination perform
almost the whole function. I do not believe with
some gentlemen who have addressed the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Whether or not a note is a legal tender mirill not
affect the question of its entering into the cur-
leeey. If it wiii pass at par itwiil enterimothe
currency and inflate it. As long as a note is
passed at par daily it will cuter into the circula-
tion, because by passing from hand to hand at
par it is currency.
The only means of preventing Treasury notes
from entering into the currency consists in two
things which I have endeavored to hit in my
amendment; that is, the keeping the denomination
so high as to prevent their inflating the currency,
and to make them interest-bearing. As long as
notes are interest-bearing they will enter into the
currency only until the amount of interest becomes
a material matter. The moment the interest on the
§100 notes becomes a material matter—and that
is early—the people are induced to hold them.
This is all I have time to say. I hope both
sides will agree to adopt my amendment.
The SPEAKER.. The question is first upon
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Wilson] to the first section reported
from the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States oj America in Congress assembled, That
the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is heieby, author-
ized to borrow, fioAi time to time, on the credit of the
United States, in addition to the amounts heretofore au-
thorized, any sums, not exceeding in the aggregate $600,-
000,000, and to usue therefor coupon or registeied bonds
of the United States in such form as lie maypiescribe ; and
so m uch thereof as may be issued in bonds shall be of de-
nominations not less than fifty dollars, and may be made
payable at any period not more than forty years fiomdate of
issue, or may be made redeemable, at the pleasure of the
Government, at any period not less than five years nor
more than forty years from date, or payable as aforesaid,
as may be expressed upon their face ; and the interest on
such bonds shall be payable semi-annually : Provided, That
the rate of interest on any such bonds or other obligations,
when payable in coin, shall not exceed six per cent, per
annum; and when not pajable in coin shall not exceed
seven and three tenths per cent, per annum ; and the rate
and character of intere&t sliali be expressed on ail such
bonds.
Mr. HOOPER. As this is a test vote, and as
the amendment prohibits the issue of the popular
seven and three tenth notes, I call for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. GR1SWOLD. I would inquire of the.
gentleman from Massachusetts what is the dif-
ference, if any, between the Treasury notes au-
thorized by the bill of the Committee of Ways
and Means and those Treasury notes now being
sold daily, and from which the Government is
realizing three or four millions a day.
Mr. HOOPER. None whatever.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to have this question
understood before the vote is taken. 1 under-
stand that there is a great difference between the
provisions of this bill and the existing law for is-
suing seven-thirty notes. Under the present law
they can only be issued upon subscription, while
under the operations of the present bill they may
be paid out as other money by the Government.
Mr. HOOPER. That provision to which the
gentleman refers applies only to cases where a
party who has a cl^ipti against the Qovernment
desires to subscribe for the loan to the extent of
the Government indebtedness to him. He has
the option to take the money or to take bonds
under this act.
Mr. WILSON. Then this bill differs from the
presentlawin anotherimportant respect. Under
the provisions of the bill as reported from the
Committee of Ways and Means these notes may
be issued redeemable or payable at such periods
as, in the opinion of the Secretary of the Treasury,
may be deemed expedient. Now the present
seven-thirty notes are convertible in thiee years.
Hut the Secretary may make these notes, under
the present bill as it comes from the committee,
redeemable in thirty, sixty, or ninety days, or
one, two, or three years. That is a very im-
| portant difference.
Again,the bill which we now have under con-
sideration does not prohibit the Secretary of the
Treasury from issuing notes m the precise form
of the original interest-bearing notes now legal
tender for their face.
• In these three respects the notes issued under
the present bill may differ from the present seven
and three tenth notes.
Now what I desired to have an opportunity to
do was to move to recommit this bill to the com-
mittee with instructions to reporta bill continuing
the present system of seven and three tenth notes°,
and to provide that after the resumption of specie
payment the interest shall be six per cent, instead
of seven and three tenths.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in the
negative—ayes 48, nays 97, not voting 37; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Baily, Augustus C. Baldwin,
Bliss, Boutwell, Brandegee. Brooks, William G. Brown,
Chanler, Clay, Cox, Cravens,Henry Winter Davi9, Dawes,
I)aw on, Demson, Edgerton, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Gan-
non, lleirick, Ilotchkiss, Hutehms, Kalbfieisch, Kernan,
Knapp,La\v, Me Kinney, James R. Morris, Morrisou,Odell,
Jonn O'Neill, Pendleton, Perry. Piuyn, Smithers, Spald-
ing, Stevens, Stile>, SUiouse, Sweat,Tovvnsend, Webster,
Wheeler, Williams, Wilder, Wilson, and Fernando Wood
—48.
NAYS—-Messrs. James C. Allen, Ames, Arnold, Ashley,
John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Benmau, Blaine, Blair, Blow,
Boyd, Brooiuall. Fieeman Clarke, Cole,Thomas T. Davis,
Dernrng, Dixon. Drisgs, Dumont, EckJey, Eliot, English,
Finek, Frank, Garfield, Gooch, Grider, Gunnell, Gnswold,
JIale, Hall, Harding, Uigby, Uolman, Hooper, Asahel W.
Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, Ilulburd, Ingersoll, Jenckes,
Kd i on. Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, Orlando Kellogg,
Knox, Lazear, Le Blond, Litllejohn. Loan, Long, Lontf-
year, Marcy, Marvin, McAllister, MelSride, MeClurg, Mid-
dleton, Samuel F. Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Daniel Mor-
ris, Amos Myers, Leonard Myers, Norton, Charles O'Neill,
Orth. Patterson, Perham, Fikc, Porneroy, William H. Ran-
dall, Alexander II. Rice, John H. Rice, Edward II. Rollins,
James S. Rollins, Ross, Schenck, Scofield, Seott, Sloan,
Smith, Stuart. Thayer. Thomas, Upson, Van Valkeiiburgh,
Wad-worth, Ward, Elihu 15. Wa*hburne, William B.
Washburn. Whaley, Joseph W. White, Windom, Win-
field, Woodbridge, Worthington, and Yeamari—97.
NOT VOTING—Me* ra. William J. Allen, Alley, Al-
lison, Anderson, James S. Brown, Ambrose W. Clark,
Cobb,Cofifroth,Creswell,Donnelly, Eden, Harrington,Ben-
jamin G. Harris, Charles M. Harris, Philip Johnson, Wil-
liam Johnson, Julian, King, Mallory, McDowell, Mcln-
doe, William H. Miller, Nelson, Noble, Price, Radford,
Samuel J. Randall, Robinson, Rogers, Shannon, Starr,
John B.Steele, William G. Steele,Tracy, Vooihees, Chil-
ton A. White, and Benjamin Wood—37.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. COFFROTH stated that he was paired
with Mr. Shannon upon all questions connected
with this bill.
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded,
Mr. HOOPER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was rejected; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsideron the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RECESS.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I move thatthe
House take a recess this afternoon from half past
four until half past seven o'clock, p. m.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I move to re-
consider the vote by which the motion was agreed
to; and to lay the motion to reconsideron the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the session of thisevening is setapartfor the con-
sideration of reports from the Committee on Nayal
Affairs.
Mr. MORRILL. Will that business override
the tariff bill?
The SPEAKER. It will. By the order of the
House yesterday, Tuesday evening was assigned
by unanimous consent for the considerationof re-
ports from the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. MORRILL. Then I move to suspend the
rules so as to enable me to move that the House
dispose of the tariff bill before that business shall
be taken up.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state to
the gentleman from Vermont that no motion in
regard to that matter will be in order, the order
having been made by unanimous consent, until
the time is reached when that order operates.
The matter will be within the control of the ma-
jority of the House this evening, and the busi-
ness of the Committee on Naval Affairs can then
be postponed by a majovity of the House.
Mr. MORRILL. Then I give notice that I
shall make an effort to have the consideration of
the tariff bill continued until it shall be disposed of.
LOAN BILL AdAIN.
The House then resumed the consideration of
the special order reported from the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The amendments adopted by the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union to the ori-
ginal bill before the adoption of Mr. Wilson's
substitute for the first section and for the offering
of whieh in the House unanimous consent had
