1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
439
Legislature were founded in deference to State jeal-
ousy, and a sincere desire to obviate the fears,
real or imaginary, that the General Government
would obtain an undue preference over the State
governments." The gentleman from Vermont
[Mr. Morrill] has shown the views taken by the
earlier statesmen, coinciding with this view of
Judge Story. I need notrecite them. The com-
mittee in their report seem not to have anticipated
thisargument;itisleft for the disciples of Hamilton,
like the gentleman from Vermont, to defend State
rights. Surely, if you magnify and energize the
Federal Executive by an unfair aggregation of
powers in tiiat office at the expense of the Con-
gress, you begin the work of consolidation. You
give to power new material, until upon the ruins
of ourold system of a just distribution of power,
we erect u throne of paramount power whose
sovereign occupant in his supremacy would rob
the Slates of their rights to aggrandize his own
splendor. This plan, therefore, tends to create
the same laws, the same kind of dependence, con-
sequently the same notions and the same interests,
throughout all the country with its diverse inter-
ests; tor the power it would strengthen is the Ex-
ecutive, which is not like the Senate or the Con-
gress, representative of States and localities, but
in a sense more nearly representative of the people
of the United States.
Second, the time is unfortunate for such a radi-
cal change as that proposed. Herein lies one of
its dangers. It is a time of war. The Executive
in sucli a time tends to enlarge its powers. This
is not. altogether avoidable. It then calls to its aid
all the sophistry of necessity. It is the old Sa-
tanic plea. With an Army of nearly a million,
and a patronage of $3,000,000 per diem, and
with a corps of ambitious men—placemen and
contractors—hanging about the chambers of
power, desirous to placate the supreme will and
to enjoy its favors, it is not surprising that in
time of war the dispensing power should grow
colossal, overshadowing all other departments
and absorbing all other sovereignties. Yet it is
at such a time that the committee proposes a
measure which tends to increase the Executive.
I know that the committee think that its effect wilt
be otherwise, and give as a reason that power
exercised openly in Congress will find its antag-
onism and barrier in honest deference to public
opinion, and be restrained in its own disposition
to increase. But is that the effect of the exercise
of power by this Executive? In the lace of a
most earnest protest from every press and public
man who had not slavishly bowed to us behests
simply because it was power; in spite of a protest
of nearly two million people, the power of the
Piesidentcxpands boldly, openly, and flagrantly.
Patronage is more powerful than logic. Neces-
sity crushes the free press and arrests free speech.
Would the habeas corpus beabolished,and all the
restraints of personal freedom be annulled, and
our prisons groan with victims, except in time of
war? The power which, in time of peace, was
a toy for a lady's hand, like the ten t of the faerie,
enlarges in time of war so that great armies re-
pose beneath its folds. When did the executive
power in England most overshadow and defy
publicopinion ? The Crown augmented when Pitt
defied the people and their Parliament; then king
and minister became absolute. 1 he wise commen-
tator, Thomas Erskine May, (Constitutional
History, volume one, page 82,) in diawing his
picture of this era of English history, draws also
& conclusion similar to the one which i now de-
clare, when he says:
'•'A war is gencmlly favorable to authority by bringing
together the people and the Government in a common cause
and combined exertions. The Fieneh war, notwithstand-
ing it-> heavy burden*- and mnwirous failure*;, was popular
on account ol the pi lnciph^ it was supposed to represent ;
and the va>t expenditure, if it distressed the people, mul-
tiplied the patronage of the Crown, aliorded a rich harvest
for cotiuaciois, and made the fortuned of tarmwrs. and man-
ufacturers by luismg tiie pi ice ot every description ot prod-
uce. The ' inoneyiid class.' rallied round the war min-
ister. bought beats in Pailiamcnt with their sudden gains,
ranged thunseives in a strong phalanx behind their leader,
cheeiud l i«* speeches, and voted for him on every division.
Tiieir zeal was rewarded with peetages, baioneteies, pa-
tiona«p and all the good timips which an inordinate ex-
penditure enabled Inm to dispense. For years opposition
in Parliament to a mmi-ter thus suppoued was an idle
form - and if bevond its walls the voice of complaint was
raised, the arm of the law was strong and switt to silence
It To oppose the minuter had become high treason to
the State." . _ ,
To oppose the minister in open Parliament, m
free debate, in time of war, when power found its
antagonists and barriers, as it to-day finds them
here, was accounted high treason ! "Yet, say the
committee, the rules now recommended—now, in
time of most gigantic war—are almost identical
with those of tHe British House of Commons I
Identical,sir, with a system which not only made
war almost perpetual by filling the Legislature
with placemen, pensioners, claquers, and con-
tractors, rewarding them with peerages, baronet-
cies, patronage, and all theg-oocZ things which come
from an inordinate expenditure, but which made
the Opposition a mere form in the legislature, and
stifled it with oppression when raised outside of
the Legislature! Is it to this systeip that the com-
mittee would assimilate ourownCongress? God
forbid!
Third, I now consider the dangers of the inti-
macy between the Executive and the Legislature,
if even the rights of the States were safe, and
even if this were a time of peace, still I would, as
a Democrat, as a Republican, never allow the Ex-
ecutive to approach any nearer the Legislature
than is entirely consistent with the movement of
each in their own well-defined circuit. As with
nature, so with institutions. Of two plants in
the vicinity of each other, the fruit of one will lose
its peculiar flavor and be assimilated to the taste
of the other, if that other have the stronger fiber,
the richer nutriment, and happens to be near by.
So in the stellar world the lesser luminary will,
unless restrained,fly toward the greater, to be by
it absorbed.
The committee truly say that the framers of
the Constitution did not intend to establish an
absolute separation of the legislative and execu-
tive departments. This is true. The separation
is not absolute; if it were, they could not sub-
sist in the same system; but I affirm that they
endeavored by evei y guard to allow just as little
connection between the parts as would enable the
Government in its entirety to peiform its junc-
tions.
The committee instance the veto power, to
show that there is a connection between the law-
making and law-executing departments. The
argument proves too much. The veto of the
President is the limit of the presidential inter-
ference, and its exercise is allowed only after the
law is passed; and even then, after the Executive
has exhausted his reasons for the veto, he may
be overruled by a vote of two thirds. If the Ex-<
ecutive, by his agents of the Cabinet, exert his
influence m the making of laws, where is the
necessity for the veto? His veto is then an ab-
surdity. So Judge Story regards it. The veto
is the Executive arm for the defense of its own
powers. The Legislature is presumed to have
no desire to favor them. When laws are passed
by a Legislature misled by a love of power, a
spirit of faction, a political impulse, or a persua-
sive influence, local or sectional, which may not
reach the Executive, he being the representative
of the whole nation in the aggiegate, then the veto
has its use. Says Slory, page 32:
"He will have an opportunity sobetly to examine the
acts and resolutions passed by the Leg^Iattne, not having
partaken oj the feelings or combinations uhich have -pto-
cmed their passage, and thus to correct what will some-
times be wrong, Irom mterterence as well as design.
His responsibility is independent of Congress.
To join his duties with law making is to destroy
his responsibility and derange the proper distribu-
tion of powers. Go one step further. Suppose a
law of great value passed, then vetoed; neverthe-
less two thirds of Congress favor it; but in come
the Cabinet, and by threat, bribery, promises of
patronage and gifts of honor, the legislative will
is subordinated: are not the people robbed ol'their
fair light in the Legislature? Voting is riot the
only way of making laws. Voting presupposes
influences. Voting is but the sign of what has
been done. If these influences are reached by Cab-
inet cajolery or honeyed blandishments from the
masteis of patronage and fountains of honor, the
influence is not less, but rather greater, than ifthe
Cabinet had the right to vote. Indeed, some Gov-
ernments which allow the ministry to ha\e the
entree to the Legislature expressly arid strangely
forbid their presence when the vote comes oft.
This is tire case in Brazil, Costa llica, Portugal,
and Snain. But what guard is there in such
cases—for the influence is exerted generally before
and not at the vote? Still, even these guards show
the jealousy of the Legislature against the domi-
nating influences of the Executive even in such
monarchical countries.
What, then, are the relations which the three
departments of our Government sustain to each
other? How are they intended to act in harmony ?
Mr. Madison has considered this matter in Nos.
47 and 48of the Federalist. The distinctness and
separation of the three departments is by him, as
it was by Montesquieu, regarded as an essential
precaution in favor of liberty. He was careful to
show that the several departments of power were
so distributed and blended in our system as at once
to preserve symmetry and beauty of form, and to
prevent any part of it from being exposed to the
danger of being crushed by the disproportionate
weight of other parts. He regarded the accumula-
tion of powers, legislative, executive, and judi-
cial, in the same hands, as the very essence of tyr-
anny. Hence, if there is any approach toward
such accumulation, my argument is that there is
an approach towaid tyranny. If there can be no
liberty where the Legislature and Executive are
one, is not liberty endangered when you absorb an
essential function or feature of one by.the other.
Says Montesquieu:
" There can tie no liberty wlien the legislative and ex-
ecutive (toweis are united 111 ttie same body '>r person, be-
cause appiehensions may arlpe lest tiie same monarch or
senate may enact tyrannical laws to execute tliein In a
tyrannical manner; or were the power ot judging joined
with (he legislative, the life and liberty of tile subjects
would be exposed to aibitrary control, for thejudgewould
then be legisiutoi. Were it joined to tiie executive, the
judge might have all tiie violence of tiie oppressor."
Mr. Madison draws from the several consti-
tutions of the States as then existing, New Hamp-
shire, Massachusetts, New York, Pennsylvania,
Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, and others, to
show that the several departments are inhibited
from exercising the powers of either of the other
departments. The language of these early con-
stitutions yet remain in our present constitutions.
Not a single State of this large Confederacy has
ever in its constitution so departed from the model
of the Federal Legislature as toallow the member-
ship of the Executive, (Cusliing, page 610,) or of
his aids in administration, or even their presence
for debate or influence. Massachusetts early de-
clared this fundamental article of liberty:
That the legislative department shall never exercise the
executive or judicial powers, or either of them ; tile execu-
tive shall never exi-ici^e tiie legislative and judicial powers,
or either of them; the judicial shall never exercise thelegis
Idtive and executive powers, or either of them."
The jealousy of uniting one department with
another has been carried so far that the depart-
ments have been only so (ar connected and blended
as to give to each a constitutional control over
the other. This is the degree of sepaiation essen-
tial to a free Government. Allow this and you
will have no despotic Congress with its many
heads; no Congress dependent on one head; you
will have no irresponsible judiciary; and no arbi-
trary Executive. If the lixecutive can use his
appliances at will upon a legislature,either by in-
trigue or debate, then the Legislature becomes the
executive tool; and although itsown powersmay
expand yet if used by the Executive the growth
of legislative privilege is the increase of the ex-
ecutive prerogative.
If it be proper to call the Cabinet to the lower
House why should not some portion of it be
called to the Senate? Is it because the model of
the Bi itish constitution has carried away the com-
mittee?
if it be proper to call the Cabinet to the House,
why not call in the President? We hsveno min-
istry as in England. The President is responsi-
ble, and he only. The Cabinet are but the minis-
ters of his will. He can dismiss them at pleasure.
They have no policy.
If it be proper to call the Cabinet, why not
the Commander-in-Chief? Why not summon
General Grant to sit here, and to answer the
inquiries of civilians in search of military news
and strategy? Why not? For the reason that
all military officeis are kept without ihe Senate-
house. Because they are the hands of the Exec-
utive, and liberty primits no brute force to over-
awe or dictate. If the Commander of the Ai my
is the mailed hand of the Executive, is not the
Secretary of State also liis hand gloved in silk?
And is there more danger from the iron hand than
the silken glove?
But if it be proper to call in the Cabinet, why
