1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
been given to Mr. Hooper, were severally read,
and agreed to.
The question recurred or. the following amend-
ment, in the natureofan additional section, offered
by Mr. Davis, of Maryland:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That no note or obligation here-
after ifcsued under any act of Congress shall be a legal ten-
der, and no Tieasury notes bearing interest for fifty dol-
lars or under shall be reissued when paid into or received
by the Treasury, but all such notes shall be canceled; and
no Treasu ry note hereafter to be issued under any law shall
be for a less sum than $100.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 55, nays 86, not voting 41;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Ancona, Augustus C.
Baldwin, Bliss, Brooks. William G. Brown, Uhanler, Clay,
Cox, Cravens, Henry Winter Davis, Dawson, Denison,
Eden,Edgerton, Eldridge, Finck,Gan&on,Grider, Harding,
Hernck, Philip Johnson, William Johnson, Kalbfleisch,
Kernan, Law, Le Blond, Marcy, McKinney, Middieton,
Moinson, Noble, Odell, John O'Neill, Pendleton, Perry,
Pruyn, Rogers, Scofield, Scott, Spalding^Villiam G. Steele,
Stevens, Stiles, Strouse, Townsend, Ward, Webster,
Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Joseph W.White, Williams,
Wilder, Wilson, and Fernando Wood—55.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnold, Ashley, Baily,
John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Blaine, Blair, Blow,
Bontvvell, Boyd, Brandegee, Brootnall, Freeman Clarke,
Cobb, Cole, Deming, Dixon, Driggs, Durnont, Eliot, Eng-
lish, Farn.->worth, Frank, Garfield, Gooch, Gnnnellj Gris-
wold, Hale, Higby, Ilolman, flotchkiss, Asahel W. Hub-
bard, John II. Iiubbard, Hulburd, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Kel-
ley, Francis W. Kellogg, Orlando Kellogg, Knapp, Knox,
Lazear, Littlejohn, Loan, Long, Longyear, Marvin, Mc-
Allister, MelJride, McClurg, Samuel F. Miller, Moorhead,
Morrill, Daniel Moi ris, Amos Myers, Leonard Myers, Nor-
ton, Charles O'Neill, Orth, Patterson, Perham, Pike, Pom-
eroy, William H.Randall,'Alexander H. Rice, Edward H.
Rollins, James S. Rollins, Ross, Sehenck, Sloan, Smith,
Southern, Stuart.Thayer,Thomas, Tracy, Upson, Elihu B.
Washburne, William B. Washburn, Windom, Winfield,
Woodbridge, and Yeaman—86.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. William J. Allen, Alley, Ander-
son, James S. Brown, Ambrose W. Clark, Coffroth, Cres-
well, Thomas T. Davis, Dawes, Donnelly, Eckley, Hall,
Harrington, Benjamin G. Harris, Charles M. Harris, Hoop-
er, Hutchins, Julian, Kasson, King, Maliory, McDowell,
Mclndoe, William H. Miller, James R. Morris, Nelson,
Puce, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, John H. Rice, Robinson,
Shannon, Starr, John B. Steele, Sweat, Van Valkenburgh,
Voorhees, Wadsworth, VVhaley, Benjamin Wood, and
Worth ington—41.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question recurred on Mr. Broomall's
amendment, as follows:
Sec. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That in lieu of
$100,000,000 of the amount of bonds authorized by this act,
the Secretaiy of the Treasury may at his discretion issue
Treasury notes of denominations not less than one hundred
dollars, hearing interest at a rate not less than six nor more
than hoven and three tenths per cent, per annum, and the
said Treasury notes shall be made convertible into any
bond* authorized by this act, and the interest and principal
shall be made payable at such tune within twenty years as
the Secretary of the Treasury may determine.
Mr. BROOMALL. As that amendment has
been rendered unnecessary and inconsistent with
the bill by the ao-tion of the House on the report
of the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, L ask leave to withdraw it.
The amendment was withdrawn.
The question recurred on the substitute offered
by Mr. Davis, of Maryland, and it was rejected.
The question recurred on the substitute offered
by Mr. Stevens, as follows:
J3c it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Jlmoricain Congress assembled, That
the Secretary of the Tieasuiy be, and he is hereby, author-
ized lo borrow from Ume to time, on the credit of the
United States, a sum not exceeding $60i),000,000, and to
i-^ue therefor coupons or registered bonds, redeemable at
the pleasure of the Government after ten years, and payable
at anv tune not more than forty years from the passage of
this act, at a rate of interest not exceeding eight per cent,
per annum, and of such denominations, not less than fifty
dollars, as he may deem expedient. And he may, in his dis-
cretion, dispose of such bonds at any time, upon such
terms as he may deem most advisable. And said bonds
shall be exempt from taxation by or under State or muni-
cipal authority.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Treasury shall be at liberty to exchange bonds similar
to those provided for in the first section of this act with the
holders of any bonds or obligations of the United States
bearmir interest: Provided, That such exchange shall be
offered by the holders ol obligations within two years after
the pa-sage of this act.
Sec. 3, Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Treasury may dif-po?e of bond* similar to those pro-
Vidud for in the fit ft section of this act in exchange for
Trea-u>y note*, eeitifieute- of indebtedness, certificates of
deposit, or anj leprese.natives of value which have been
or may he issued under any not of Congress; and when-
ever any person ot person's owning a claim against the
United Stalest lor material* or supplies furnished, which
shall have been adjusted and approved bj the pioper
officers, and for the payment of which requisitions shall
have been duly made by the appropriate Department or of-
ficer upon the 'iroasury of the United States, shall have
given notice in writing to the Department or officermaking
the requisition that the owner of such claim desires to sub-
scribe fcr a luan authorized to the amount of said claim,
or some pari thereof, and to leceive In payment of tlie
claim the bonds or other obligations similar to thoso pro-
vided for by this act, the said officer or Department, when
making such requisition, shall specify thesein the name or
names of the claimant or claimants who f-hall have given
such notice, and also the amount of such claim or claims;
and thereupon the Secretaiv of the Treasury shall issue to
the officer or Department making said requisition the bonds
or other obligations aforesaid, to be delivered in payment
to said claimant or claimants, at the same rates and under
the same conditions that the Secretary disposes of similar
bonds or obligation*, not below par, toother parties; and
sueh issuing of bonds or obligations shall, to that extent,
be a valid compliance with such requisition.
The amendment was rejected; there being, on
a division—ayes 33, noes 77.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. HOOPER moved the previous question on
the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE called for the yens and nays
on the passage of the bill, and for tellers on the
yeas and nays. *
Tellers were not ordered; and the yeas and nays
were not ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE called for tellers on the pas-
sage of the bill.
Tellers were ordered.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 78, noes 35.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. HOOPER moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. HOLMAN called for the yeas and nays
on the latter motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 91, nays 47, not voting 44;
as follows:
  YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames,Baily, AugustusC. Bald-
win, John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Blaine, Blair,
Blow, Boutwell, Boyd, Brandegee, Broomall, William G.
Brown, Freeman Clarke, Cobb, Cole, Thomas T. Davis,
Daweb, Demmg, Dixon, Dnggs, Durnont, Eckley, Eliot,
English, Fiauk, Garfield, Gouch, GrinneJl, Griswoid, Unle?
Higby, Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, Hul-
burd, lngersoll, Jenckes, Kasson, Kelley, Francis W. Kel-
logg, Orlando Kellogg, Knox, Lazear, Littlejohn, Loan,
Longyear, Marvin, McAllister, McBride, McClurg, Samuel
F. Miller, Moorhead, Morull, Daniel Morn*, Amos Myers,
Leonard Myers, Norton, Odell, Charles O'Neill, Orth, Pat-
terson, Perham, Pomeroy, Price, William II. Randall, Alex-
ander H. Rice, Edwaid tl. Rollins, Schenek, Scofield,
Sloan, Smithers, Spalding, Sweat, Thayer, Thomas,
Tracy, Upfeou, Van Valkenburgh, Elinu B. Washburne, i
William II. Washburn, Webster, Whaley, Wheeler,
Wilder, Windom, Woodbridge, Worthmgton, and Yea-
man—91.
NAYS—Messrs. James C.Allen, Ancona, Brooks, Chan-
ler, Cox, Henry Winter Davis, Dawson, Denison, Eden,
Edgerton, Eidiulge, Fmck, Gauson,Guder, Harding, Hol-
maH, Philip Johnson, William Johnson, Kaibfieisch, Ker-
nan, Knapp, Le Blond, Long, Maicy, McKinney, Middle-
ton, William H. Miller, James R. Morn*, Moirison, Noble.
Pendleton, Perry, I'ruyn, Rogers, Ross, Scott, William G.
Steele, Stevens, Stiles, Strouse, Town^end, Chilton A.
White, Joseph W. White, Williams, Wilson, Winfield,
and Fernando Wood—47.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. William J. Allen, Alley,
Anderson, Arnold, Ashley, Bli-^s, James S. Brown, Am-
brose VV. Clark, Clay, Coffroth, Cravens, Creswell, Don-
nelly, Farnsvvorth, Hall, Harrington, Benjamin G. Harris,
Charles. M. Harris, Hernck. Hotuhkiss, Hutchins, Julian,
King, Law, Maliory, McDowell, Mclndoe, Nelson, John
O'Neill, Pike, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, John H.Rice,
Robinson, James S. Rollins, Shannon, Smith, Starr, John
B. Steele, Stuart, Voorhees, Wadsworth, Ward, and Ben-
jamin Wood—44.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills,reported as trulyenrolled a billand joint reso-
lution of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 621) malting appropriations
for the support of the Military Academy for the
year ending June 30, 1866; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 164) authorizing
a contract with William H. Powell for a picture
for the Capitol.
TARIFF BILL.
Mr. GARFIELD.
tion.
I rise to a privileged ques-
Mr. MORRILL. There are several privileged,
questions pending. I hope that the House will
allow the tariff bill to be now taken up and acted
upon, it cannot be considered in the Senate at
all unless we pass it to-day.
Mr. GARFIELD. I give way for thdt pur-
pose.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into S*
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the tariff bill..
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have a
privileged report to make 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ver-
mont moves to suspend the rulefc which make the
report privileged.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Thisisnot
underthe rules, but under the order of the House.
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman can make his
report as soon as we complete the tariff bill. It
will take but a short time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is very
important that the proposition which I have to
report shall pass immediately.
Mr. MORRILL. It is not so important as the
passage of the tariff bill. Before the question is
put on the motion to suspend the rules I move
that ail general debate on the tariff bill shall close
in one minute.
The motion was agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion to suspend
the rules, and it was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Little-
john in the chair,) and proceeded to the consid-
eration of the bill (H. R. No. 795) amendatory
of certain acts imposing duties upon foreign im-
portations.
Mr. HOLMAN. As there seems to be such
an extraordinary anxiety to press this bill upon
this House, I will not call for the reading of the
bill at length.
The first section was read,as follows:
Be it enacted by the Seriate and House of Representatives
of the. United Statesof Jlmeiiea in Congress assembled, That
section six of an act entitled " An act to increase the du-
ties on imports, and for other purposes," approved June
30, 1864, be amended in paragraph marked "second," by
striking out after the words " on finer and lighter goods of
like description" the words " exceeding one hundred
threads andand that section eighteen of the said act be
amended by inserting therein after the words "raw cot-
ton," in parentheses, the words "and raw silk as reeled
from the cocoon."
Mr. WARD. I move to add to this section
the words, "or not farther advanced than tram,
thrown, or organzine." I presume the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means will not object to that
amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not object, to that. There
are, however, many amendments that mny be
proper; and the greatestobjection I have to them
is the swelling the size of the bill.
Mr. WARD. The reason for the amendment
is this: these words, as is well understood bf
the Committee of Ways and Means, were incor-
porated in the bill of the last session, bat were
omitted in the enrolling of the bill. My object is
merely to make this bill conform to the bill ofla'st
session as it actually passed both Houges of Con-
gress.
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Ward] is correct. These words
were in the bill last session as it passed; but were
omitted in the enrolling of the bill.
The amendment was adopted.
The second section was read, as follows:
Sec. 2. Jhid be it fwther enacted, That from and after
the day when this act takes effect, in addition to the duties
heretofore imposed by law on the importation of the arti-
cles mentioned in this section, there shall be levied, col-
lected, and paid the following duties and rates of duty, that
is to say:
On brandy, rum, gm. and whisky, and on cordials,
liquors, arrack, absinthe, and all other spirituous liquors
and j-pmluouo beverages, filly cents per gallon of first proof,
and hlmlJ be increased in proportion for any greater strength
than the strength of first proof.
On spun siik for filling in skins or cops, ten per cent, ed
valorem.
, Mr. WARD. I move to amend this section in
the second paragraph by inserting afrer the wordl
"fifty cents per gallon of first proof" the wortte
"and less strength.M We would thus get an
increased revenue, because much of these articles
imported is of less strength thrift first proof. '
The amendment was adopted.
