140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
not call in the Supreme Court, or its chief? Do
the committee wish to copy the British precedent,
where the law lords can advise, though they do riot
vote with the legislator? Why not then admit
the Chief Justice ? Ask him of the legality of con-
fiscation, legal tender, belligerency, and the new
questions which this civil war is causing? The
committee refer us, with a smile* no doubt, from
itscomplaisant'chairman, to Hayti for our guid-
ance. [Laughtef] That precedent was intended!
for the other side of the House. I accept it in all
earnestness. In Hayti the secretary of state and
the grand judge are bythe constitution the ora-
tors charged with representing the executive by
oral communication to both houses. Why not
send for Mr. Chase, along with Mr. Seward, and
l^ere let them struggle for the next Presidency
before the people's Representatives ?
The committee inform us that if the rules be
defective, or limit too narrowly the right of a de-
bate, changes can hereafter be made. They take
the British House of Commons for their model,
and they assert that the " rules now recom-
mended are almost identical." If that be the case,
the changes should involve an entirely new sys-
tem of accountability among the departments of
our Government. Indeed, our form of govern-
ment will need a radical change. Judge Story
says (Commentaries, page 329) that
" Tho whole structure of our Government is so entirely
different, and the elements of which it is composed are so
dissimilarfrom that of England, that no argument can be
drawn fioin the piactice of the latter to assist ua in a just
arrangement of the executive authoilty
In England one branch of Parliament, the Com-
mons, is ostensibly supremo. If not corrupted or
made dependent on the Crown by intimidation, it
is the ruling power of the realm. Though the
Crown may appoint the ministry, it is the Parlia-
ment which dethrones them by a vote " of want of
confidence." There is no responsibility for any
act of administration upon the Crown. The sanc-
tity of the Crown forbids it to be wrong. Minis-
ters are toppled over, but the throne remains;
hence the real power, if not conuptcd, over the
executive is in the Commons. The ministry is
the fountain of honor and patronage in fact, though
the Crown may bo in name; hence the putrescent
corruptions which have made the history of Eng-
lish legislation so infamous. Not so in this coun-
try. We have no ministry here, no premier. The
Cabinet have power and do advise the President,
but he, and not Congress, can alone displace them.
Hence in our system the President has the power
of the Crown and the ministry both, and is above
the reach of the Commons or th$ Congress.
In England the queen only has the power to
name the ministry; the Parliament has the power
to direct its policy and compel its resignation; yet
this measure would enhance the power of the
President, making him not only king and min-
istry,but potential in the Legislature. Add to
this his power to appoint judges, and the tendency
is to unite all functions in one, which, as I have
said, is the definition of tyranny. If the committee
would then assimilate our piactice to English rules,
let them alter the Constitution, and require the
Cabinet to be responsible to Congress, and the
President and }iis Cabinet to abdicate when his
policy is condemned. When you do this you
change the very essence of our Government.
The President represents the aggregate people;
Congress represents States in the Senate and the
people of the States in the House. He is elected
for four years. We take him for better or for
"worse. We may have a Congress in opposition
to his policy for four years; and nothing we can
do will prevent it, unless we by usurpation and
by a corrupt judiciary intrench on his powers,
or he, by intrigue and usurpation and obsequious
judges, is enabled to rob Congress of its powers.
He may appoint judges, veto laws; that is the
limit of his control over the Legislature and the
judiciary. If his agents approach the fountain,
and there at its source endeavor to influence the
making of law, he becomes an intermeddler.
Whether he does this by his military force or his
cunning management, it amounts to the same
thing. Wisely, therefore, our futheis, looking
on English history at a time when a corrupt and '
imbecile ministry were illustrating how ea?y it j
was for a stubborn king to rule a subservient '
Parliament by the presence of a great minister or
a strong will, forbade the membership of the Ad-
ministration in the House, and fora stronger rea-
son should have forbidden their presence there.
They saw, as an old writer says, " the king and
his council (Craftsman, No. 440) by means of
liveries and retainers, bring the whole kingdom
to be of his livery;" or, as Lord Bolingbroke said
to Walpole, they made the Parliament like slaves
in a galley, united by their chains and tugging
the oar together at the sound of the ministerial
whistle. Seeing this in England, as the very
cause of their own troubles with the parentcoun-
try, they were'jealous of such influences here.
They may not have distrusted the first Presidents;
but they would not allow an opportunity for the
invasion of their own privileges or the public lib-
erties. It was not the attack th y feared from
the first Executives which led them to keep the
administration aloof from the Legislature, but they
would not allow the breach, however small, in
the rampart, through which an attack at some
time might be made.
This principle, together with the English prac-
tice, leads me, Mr. Speaker, to be jealous of our
privileges and powers. Indeed,sir, I am notpar-
ticularly enamored of anything English jiow. I
do not like English delight over our troubles;
English cannon when found in Fort Fisher; Eng-
lish ships-of-war destroying our commerce under
a hostile flag; English recognition of belligerency.
All that is admirable in the English manners,lit-
erature, and laws I love and cherish, but this sys-
tem of the committee is neither admirable or de-
siiable.
If there is one feature in English history more
marked than another, it is the constant conflict
for centuries between the kingly prerogative and
the parliamentary privilege. In the earlier times
of the Plantagenets the motto obtained, that to
be royal is to be loyal; the will of the king to be
the will of the law: " Q.ite veut U roy, ce vcut la
toy." And although under the earlier Kings,
especially those most destitute of principle, the
liberty of the people in the Parliament received
its most efficacious support; although Magna
Charta came in John's rule, and Habeas Corpus
in the time of the second Charles, yet the royal
prerogatives were broken by their inordinate
strain by such monarchs, and liberty gained. It
was enough for the king to be the fountain of
honor and patronage, of pardon and power, gen-
eralissimo of the army, and source of ail foreign
Embassies and treaty. The Commons, therefore,
in early times, united with the people and nobility
against the power of the Crown; and from having
been called from boroughs and towns originally
to provide only for the wants of the king, (De
Lolme, volume second, page 511,) they became
so powerful that ministers fell beiore their votes
and voice. Upon their fiat hung the lives even
of the ministers. The king himself was sup-
posed by a fiction always to he present, really
or by representatives; and even lie was made
liable, on a memorable occasion, to the power of
the Commons by impeachment and d« ath. But
at last the popular element by the Revolution of
1688 became paramount. At least then began
the struggle, which, after great convulsions, fixed
the Crown, through the ministers as the instru-
ments of the Parliament, and amenable to them.
But this cannot be so in this Government, for the
simple reason that the Congress has no control
over the Cabinet. The extent and duration of
the Executive, as to time and power, is cleat ly de-
fined in a written constitution. Therefore no anal-
ogy can be drawn from English precedents, ex-
cept those which show how power tends to in-
crease in the Executive or ministry whenever it
has the opportunity to use its appliances, or which
show that the temptation to corruption is apt to be
embraced when the object is near and the lure
enticing. In illustrating this partof my argument,
my only embarrassment is in the opulence of the
illustrations from English history.
I do not select a few cases because they are so
glaring. Nor do I value in an argument a few
exceptional cases; non ego paucis cjfendarmaculis.
From the very beginning of the English Govern-
ment until now, laws were passed to regulate
elections and prevent the kingly influence upon
the Commons. In the time of the Lancaster kings
such statutes are common. " What else," asks
Bolingbroke, (Craftsman.No. 440) " do nil these j
resolutions, declarations, and acts mean from the I
time of Richard II to these days, against the in- !
fiuence of the Crown on the elections or on the
members of Parliament?" He answers it by
saying that a prince may govern according to his
arbitrary will, or that of his more arbitrary min-
ister, as absolutely and much more secuiely with
than without the concurrence of a Pailiament.
lie can do this in two ways: first, by the strain
of his prerogative, or by the corruption of the
Commons; and the instrument for both means,
as shown by English history, has been an obse-
quious, audacious, or corrupt ministry sitting in
Parliament. In the earlier eras of English Par-
liaments the stretch of the prerogative was the
means used to overawe Parliaments. Not alone
by the threat upon members, but by acts of im-
piisonment and decapitation; not alone by the
threat but by the act of dishonor and sequestra-
tion, were the annals of Parliament sullied. In
later times, after the Revolution of 1688, the civil
list had increased, and with it the means of cor-
ruption; and notalone by indirectbiibes in stocks,
lotteries, pensions, places, and honors, but by a
wanton lavishness of douceurs, directly given to
members, the German princes on the English
throne, and their ministers, controlled the Com-
mons. This corruption extended then, as it does
now, from the House to the hustings, from the
Parliament to the people, until the English Par-
liament reeked, and in spue of all reform bills and
bribery acts yet reeks, with the astounding rotten-
ness of its representatives and electors. The only
reason why in earlier times, as in the sixteenth
century this same corruption did not exist is given
by Hallam, (volume three, page 43,) thattheie did
not then exist the means of that splendid corrup-
tion which has emulated the Crassi and Luculh
of Home. Whereas in 1571, a member bought
his seat for Westbury for <£4, an election m York
in the eighteenth century cost <£150,000! The
elections were controlled by the officers of the
Government. It became necessary, to save the
constitution, to reform these abuses, and the Eng-
lish statute-book groans with laws against place-
men sitting in Pai liament,against revenue officers
having the right of suffrage, the disfranchisement
of boroughs, and penalty on members for bribery.
The Revolution of 1688 prevented the destiuc-
tion of the English system by the use of the pre-
rogative. It declared against making kmgsinde-
penderit ofParhaments by prerogative, but it sub-
stituted therefor a system which made Parliaments
dependent on kings by corruption. Which was
the easiest mode to destroy, u is not for us to ask
at a time when the executive influence not only
has been exceeding its constitutional limit in this
country, but when themeansof corruption areas
a thousand to one in this country compared with
England. Indeed, in the time of Walpole it was
contendrd that the Parliament should corruptly
depend on the Crown as the expedient to supply
the want of power denied to the Crown by the
Revolution. Even so good a moralist as Paley
justified the use of patronage to influence Parlia-
ment.
In glancing at this history I will arrange a few
salient illustiations under these heads: first, the
attempts by executive intimidation and power to
overawe the Commons; second, by corruption of
the people and of the Commons to create a de-
pendency on their part upon the Crown.
First, most of the valuable privileges enjoyed by
the House of Commons is due, not to the presence
of the ministry, nor to the monarchical partof the
constitution, but to the vigilant perseverance of
tribunes of the people in spue of all the threats and
penalties of the Crown. As early as EdwardHI
it was customary to imprison members for free-
dom of speech; but this, like other grievances,
was redressed in time, not because the ministry
were present to aid, but because the Commons
protested, and accompanied their protests with in-
timations that if their protests were not heeded,
supplies to the kin^ would be wanting.
The first English council was the Witenage-
mote. It lost its place in the Government by the
ambition of the monarch, who designed to make
all his vassals, and none his equals, in the poweis
of the State. After the king began to need mili-
tary service and taxation he called his Parliament,
but used and disused them at pleasure. They
were slavishly submissive. When the Tudurs
ascended to the throne the contest began which
has ended, in this reign of Queen Victoria, in the
subordination of nearly all executive power to
