1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1207
without furthermanufacture, fifteen cents per one hundred
pounds.
I move this amendment in all earnestness. It
is nota mere formal motion. This article of rail-
road iron ought not to be raised three dollars a
ton more as tins bill provides. It is nothing more
nor less than giving the iron men three dollars a
ton as a bounty more than they got before. It
is heaping gratuity on gratuity. And gentlemen
say this is all right; gentlemen from Pennsylva-
nia all say it is right.
Mr. STROtJSE. I have failed to hear any
gentleman from Pennsylvania rise in his seat here
and say 44 it is all right," or advocate any increase
of the tariff on iron.
Mr. COX. Mr. Chairman, I had no idea of
striking Pennsylvania so near by when I made
my remark; but I cannot understand from the
argument of the intelligent gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. Morrill] why the people who rep-
resent other elements and interests of industiy
should be laid under perpetual burdens for the
purpose of aiding one peculiar interest of any
one State, or any class interest of any kind, and
especially when such interests are already sur-
feited with protection. This is a tax upon the
railroads of the country, and it is at last extorted
from their passengers; m other words, it comes
from the people, as ail other taxes do.
There is no class of industry so much pro-
tected by the present tariff as the iron interests.
They know it, and if there is any reason why
iron has fallen from eighty dollars a ton to forty
dollars a ton since the last session of Congress
it is simply because the protection has been so
enormous as to increase the manufacture in an
unhealthy and ruinous degree, thereby inducing
rivalry in this country, which tends to break
down the whole business,unless we fix the rates
of duty at a proper and moderate rate.
The gentlemanjfrom Vermont objects that there
should be foreign iron imported into this country.
He says that owing to the war and other reasons
iron has come rather too abundantly from abroad,
and that we have imported three or four times
the amount this year that we did two years ago.
Perhaps I maybe wrong in this statement. But
if that be so, I say let it come. Let any article
come if it cheapens its price to the people. Re-
duce the price of railroad iron in these times of
war when railroads play such a conspicuous part
in the war, both in strategy and transportation,
and invite the largest competition from all the
world to supply us with this indispensable article.
I undertook to show to this House last year
from statistics, precisely what the extent of pro-
tection was in favor of this particular class of in-
terests, and on railroad iron. I thought I had
proved (at least it was never answered, and I de-
rived my statistics from the census and from re-
liable returns made) that railroad iron had,under
the then tariff before it was increased, one hun-
dred and ninety per cent, of bounty on a paper
basis. They call it protection. It is nothing less
than robbery from one and the large class of peo-
ple to hel p another and a smaller class. I proved
also that the bounty on bariron was one hundred
and seventy percent.; I mean on a paper basis,
supposing the customs all to be paid in gold,
as tliey are. And yet these iron men come here,
and with unblushing audacity, clamor for more,
and more, and more. If they were wise in their
day and generation they would stop tins clamor,
because the longer and larger the protection is
given, in the end the worse their ruin.
1 am therefore in earnest in moving to strike
out this section. There is no reason why the
duty should be enlarged. It will not give any
more revenue. It is simply for the purpose of
fostering one class of interests to the detriment
of another.
Mr. GRINNELL. I am opposed to striking
out this section. I believe that the gentleman
from Ohio stated the fact as it is when he said
that rivalry had reduced the price of iron. I think
I so understood the gentleman.
Mr. COX. I did not say that. I said thatthat
was the inference to be drawn from the remarks
of thegentleman upon the other side of the House,
[Mr. Davis, of New York.]
Mr. GRINNELL. The gentleman did state
distinctly that iron manufactures had increased,
and that the price of iron had been reduced dur-
ing the last year.
Mr. COX. I went further, the gentleman will
apprehend, and said that it would go on, if this
protection should be increased, so as to break
down the whole interest, and that it would be bet-
ter to keep the tariff at a moderate rate. My idea
is this, I beg the gentleman to understand, that
where you give any protection you have got to
give a little more and a little more. It is like one
of those machines you find in Pennsylvania or
New England, where if you put a finger in the
hand goes, and then the arm, and then the whole
body, and it is better to cut it off at the finger at
once. [Laughter.]
Mr. GRINNELL. Mr. Chairman, the God
of nature,as I have understood, in endowing this
country has settled the question that we can make
our own iron and should make it. We have iron
mountains, we have coal, and we have that with
which to feed the men engaged in the mining of
those articles.
Now, I am called upon to vote on this question
as a western man. Shall I say to my constitu-
ents, it is better for you to seek a market for your
grain across the ocean rather than down by the
iron mountain in Missoui i, or the iron mountains
on Lake Superior, or the iron mountains in Penn-
sylvania or New York or Vermont?
I sir, have settled this question in my mind a
long time ago, that if we can bring about a rivalry
we shall have cheap iron and get a good price for
our products. The price of grain is determined
by the market. If you must have a foreign mar-
ket you must calculate what it costs to take wheat
there. If the market isat Pittsburg yougetmuch
more for it there than you get at Liverpool, if
the market is at St. Louis you get the more for it.
This must settle the question. Bring the manu-
facturer of iron here to us and the grain producer
is benefited by it. Take away the tariff and let
the cheap labor of Europe come in competition
with our labor, and the consequence will be that
our farmers must send their grain abroad. I am
opposed to all this. It looks to me like superla-
tive nonsense.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman from Iowa
allow me one question?
Mr. GRINNELL, Certainly.
Mr. COX. If the gentleman were president of
a railroad company,and if iron were offered in the
markets of Europe at forty dollars per ton, while
he would have to pay eighty dollars for it here;
or if he were in the sheep business and could get
some excellent foreign breeds, would he not pre-
fer to make his purchases abroad rather than in
this country? I know he would. And that is
the whole argument.
Mr. GRINNELL. So far as these incidental
arguments are concerned, I say that I do not need
to go abroad to buy either sheep oriron. As one
interested in the extension of western railroads, I
believe that the stockholders would advancetheir
interests by stimulating the grain production by
meansof supplying ncarand home men kets,which
are those at once reliable and beneficial to those
distant from the sea-board.
Mr. KASSON. I ask thegentleman from Ohio
to withd raw Ins amendment, that I may renew it.
Mr. COX. I am pressing this amendment m
earnest. I will withdraw U if the gentleman will
renew it.
Mr. KASSON. I will do so.
Mr. COX. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. KASSON. I renew it. I wish to say,
Mr. Chairman, that, however reluctantly, I have
been obliged to differ with the Committee of Ways
and Means in this proposition to increase the duty
on the species of bar iron adapted to railroads;
and 1 wish to give my reasons. While my col-
league [Mr. Grinnell] hasa railroad to the town
where lie lives, I unfortunately have not yet a
railroad to my town—and I want one. I also
recognize a difference between us beyond that.
He regards this theory of protection as much more
effective than I do; and i give him credit for act-
ing in sincerity on his belief. 1 believe that the
agricultuial products of the West have their prices
affected here essentially by their prices in Europe,
and that whenever the prices are enhanced at Liv-
erpool they are also enhanced at Pittsburg. VV hy ?
Because we produce a surplus of agricultuial prod-
ucts which must be expoited. If we do not have
a sufficient maiket abroad, that surplus settles
downon the quantity retained athome and lowers
the price. If the price abroad goes up, it natur-
ally carries up the price at home. The laws of
supply and demand regulate the price.
Mr. GRINNELL. Let me ask my colleague
whether, if we have to seek a foreign market for
our grain, it does not reduce the price to the farm-
ers in proportion to the cost of transportation.
Mr. KASSON. Not at all. If the foreign
market demands our grain, it goes at a price bet-
ter than can be got for it at home. If we have
no surplus, then our home demand regulates the
price here. If we have a surplus, the price at
Liverpool regulates the price in this country.
Now, in order to get the western products to
any market,either at home or abroad, we must
have railroads, unless we run steamboats on dry
land, as some of them do run almost on dew. But
the boats are unable to carry the great products
of the western country. So we have no necessity
of striking at any interest of the country. The
question is whether it is of more importance to
the whole country to increase the profits of the
manufacturers of railroad iron at the expense of
theextension of yourrailroad system through the
West, or to increase that railroad system, ihus
creating a large addition to the revenue of the
country in the ten thousand channels that are
affected by the great surplus of western prod-
ucts. As for myself, I believe it is our duty to
leave the way open so far as it is now open—-and
it is by no means very widely open—for the in-
troduction of railroad iron from abroad, with a
view to hold a check upon the price that is im-
posed by the railroad iron manufacturers in this
country. I cannot yield the great interests of the
West, which are now utterly dependent upon the
extension of the railroad system. We cannot
settle our lands without it; we cannot get immi-
gration without it; or if we do get immigration
to a partial degree we cannot without railroads
realize the value of the products that they icuse
upon our lands. Every prosperity of the West
hangs upon this very railroad system,and i can-
not consent to see it destroyed by this increased
duty on railroad iron.
Mr. MOREULL. I now move that the com-
mittee rise, and I would say that the public busi-
ness is so pressing that I hope every mi ruber of
the House will be promptly present this evening
at the hour of meeting.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed thechair,Mr. Littlbjohj? reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, according to order, had had under con-
sideration the special order, being a bill (H. R.
No. 795) amendatory of certain acts imposing
duties upon foreign importations, and had come
to no conclusion thereon.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled a joint resolution of the following
title:
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 116) for therelief
of Mrs. Lucy A. Rice, late of Richmond, Vir-
ginia; when the Speaker signed the same.
GENERAL THOMAS AND ADMIRAL LEE.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
to take from the Speaker's table the joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 139) of thanks to General
Thomas, together with the Senate amendnn ntto
include the name of Admiral Lee, for the pur-
pose of having the same referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
No objection being made, the joint resolution
and amendment were referred accordingly.
PAUL S. FORBES.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, asked unani-
mous consent to have taken from the vSpeakrr's
table and referred to the Committee on Navai Af-
fairs joint resolution of the Senate authorizing
the Secretary of the Navy to advance to Paul S.
Forbes $250,000 additional out of the sum to be
paid him under his contract for building a steam
screw sloop-of-war.
Mr. HOLMAN objected.
ENLISTMENTS IN TIIE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York, from the Commit-
tee for the District of Columbia, submitted a re-
port from the committee, with accompanying
testimony, together with a bill to prevent the
