442
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
times the king himself, as George III at Ports-
mouth, interfered to secure the election of his
friends; sometimes the list of court favorites was
foisted in upon boroughs against the will of the
people, as in Wilkes's case; sometimes, as in the
case of Colonels Barre and A'Court, officers were
deprived of their commands for their votes in
Parliament against taxing America. Lord Shel-
burne was dismissed from his office as aid-de-'
camp to his Majesty,'Mr. Fitzherbert from the
Board of Trade, and General Conway from his
office of Groom of the Bedchamber, for the same
reason. James I had committed Sir Edwin
Sandys as Charles I had committed Selden and
others to prison, and the Georges had punished
all prominerit opponents so far as they could for
their conduct in Parliament. Everywhere in Eng-
lish politics do we find not only open but secret
interior cabinet influences at work to assail the
Parliament and assist the monarch. Even Lord
Chatham bowed so low to the king that he lost
the dignity of his character in his obeisance, while
he shed tears at the kindness of the king in mak-
ing him the lord which killed his influence. In
the time of George III the king staked his per-
sonal credit upon the success of his measures,
and regarded opposition to his ministers as an
act of disloyalty, and their defeat as an affront to
himself. (May, 49 ) During this reign, when
England lost so much, Lord North supported
the king against the aristocracy, the Parliament
against the people,-and the nation against the col-
onies. It was this influence which Mr. Burke
called " the perennial spring of all prodigality and
of all disorder; which loads us with millions of
debt; which takes vigor from our arms, wisdom
from our councils, and every shadow of author-
ity and credit from the most venerable parts of
our constitution." Complaints of this influence
did not stop with the death or insanity of George
III. England learned nothing. In the subse-
quent reign of George IV Mr. Lrougham de-
nounced the same influences of the Crown. To
it may justly be attributed the long discussions
year after year as to reforms and Catholic eman-
cipation, which in our system would never have
been patiently listened to for a day. Upon the
accession of Victoria the same jealousy was ap-
parent. Sir Robert Peel would not take office or
form a ministry until the ladies of the queen's
bedchamber were dismissed!
But wliy enumerate these disgraceful conflicts,
happily unknown to our system? We have as
yet no corrupt civil lists, no patronage to influ-
ence our Congresses directly, no inordinate ex-
penditure to satisfy the greed of placemen; no place-
men in Congress who, having bought their places,
are ready to sell their votes; no letters of Wash-
ington, Adams, or Jackson arc exhumed like that
of the English king, who wrote, " If the Duke re-
quires some gold pills for the election, it would
be wrong not to satisfy him;" no disgraceful tiafiic
in boroughs; no " nabobs, commissaries, or West
Indians" here to buy places with their shoddy
wealth, and sell their votes for rank.
But these may come. In these times, when
wealth springs so suddenly from a hundred
sources; when contractors, lobbies, speculators,
stock-jobbers, and millionaires are making the
abyss so wide between the lich and poor; when
even the old lean earth has bccome as round as
an alderman, and as oozy of oil, [laughter,] may
we not expect a mercenary Legislature who will
follow the executive drum when it beats to quar-
ters, even in this Hall?
But is it answered that Congress, like Parlia-
ment, holds the power of impeachment and the
purse strings ? England, too, boasted of this for
her Commons; but impeachment has been rare in
England—only two cases since the Revolution,
and these not of ministers, though the corruption
has been notorious. The ministers protected
themselves against corruption by their presence
and their patronage. In America we have had
little corruption of our Cabinet, because there has
been no contact of or responsibility to Congress,
and no occasion for its exercise of impeachment.
But am I told that the Commons have a veto
on the Crown by the vote on supplies? There is
not a case since the Revolution, or at least but
one or two, where the Commons have failed to
grant just what ministers asked. (May, page
441.) They have acquiesced in alldemands. Since
they have controlled the finances the expenditure
has increased fifty fold, and a stupendous national
debt. The people have ground to complain of
their stewardship, but the Crown and its minis-
ters have not.
It will be so here invariably when the heads
of Departments are invited to pur Halls. The
subserviency will be greater, inasmuch as our
expenditure is so unexampled, and the civil war
has so aroused party feelings. When that tinie
comes, we should so amend this measure, as it
•was suggested by Bolingbroke in the time of Wal-
pole, that all members, whose relatives had been
preferred, or who had sold their votes, should be
distinguished by some outward token, that the
galleries might note them, as you may know a
horse to be sold by a colored ribbon on his bridle.
The committee would assimilate our system
with that of England. Let them not be back-
ward, butgo to thef'ull length of the precedent. An
attempt was made to copy theEnglish custom and
to remove our desks some few years ago. It was
tried, and failed, because the body could not make
themselves used to the change. Why not, atthe
same time, have our Speaker dressed after the
fashion of theEnglish Speaker, in a silken gown
and a horso-hair wig ? 1 would be willing to give
my mileage in the next Congress [laughter] if
you, Mr. Speaker, would be willing to be thus
tricked out. [Laughter.] Why not also have our
Sergeant-at-Arms, Doorkeepers, and assistants
dressed in black tights and knee-buckles sworded
and belted with authority? Why not have the
members sit with heads covered, except when ris-
ing todebate? (Barclay's Digest,page 78.) Why
not introduce the peculiar exercises by which
jubilant or impatient members are wont in the
English Parliament to greet the speakers v/liora
they like or dislike? Our rules, as collated by
Mr. Barclay, or rather in the Manual of Jefferson,
(Barclay, page 75,) seem to point to some such
diversions which the committee have overlooked:
" Nevertheless, if a member funis that it is not the in-
clination ol the lldlke to In ar luin, and Unit, by convoca-
tion, oi unyotfie j noise, [laughter.] they endeavor to drown
his voice, it is! the iriosl piudcnt way to submit to the pleas-
ufeot the Iloil^e mid sit down ; tor it M'arcdy evei hap-
pen* Unit theyiuc guilty of tills piece ot'III manners [laugh-
ter] without i-utliciciit len^on."
The utility of such performances would be
apparent as a relief from the tedium of a Cabinet
disquisition or a lecture from the throne through
the Secretary of State, it is recorded in Cob-
be tt's Parliamentary History, in Elizabeth's time,
when an arrogant ministry demanded subsidies
of the Commons, that " an obsequious sergeant
Hyle, said,' I marvel much that the House will
stand upon granting a subsidy, when all we have
is her Majesty's,' at which the House hemmed,
laughed, and talked." So that there was in Eng-
land a remedy against ministerial arrogance in
the boisterous clamor of the Commons. This
system was brought to the highest refinement in
these later days when 1 have seen in Pailiament
scenes of indecorum that would utteily startle
any one but a Disiaeli or a Peel from their pro-
priety. Dr. Warren, in that authentic record of
Tittlebat Titmouse's exercitations when elected
to Parliament, has happily illustrated the English
system. That person solong lieptdown by mod-
esty, the twin sister of merit, brought into requi-
sition some of his early accomplishments, and
attained a sudden distinction. He had been ac-
customed, when a haberdasher's clerk, to imitate
the cries of cats, the squeaking of pigs, the bray-
ing of donkeys, and the yelping of curs, and the
crowing of cocks. [Laughter.] The biographer,
in referring to these elements of his genius, says:
" lit! could imitate a blue-bottle fly buzzing about the
window, and, lighting upon it,abruptly cease its little noise,
and anon Hying off.igain, as suddenly iGsume it; a chic ken,
peciing and picking us way cautiously among the glowing
cabbages ; a cat, at midnight on the moonlit tiles, poui ing
lortl) the soirows other heart on account otthe absence of
her inconstant mate; a cock, suddenly waking out ol some
lioirid dicam, (it might be the nightmare,) and, in the ee-
stacy of its flight, ciowing as though ltwould split at once
ils Ihioat and hedrt, aiainnng ail mankind; a little cur,
yelping with mingled fear and rage, at the same lime, as it
wcie, advancing backwaid, in view of a fiendish tom-cat
Willi liigtl-curved back, flaming eyes, and spitting fury."
It was upon a certain night when the ministry
had a pitched battle with the Opposition that the
opportunity came for the display of these quali-
ties. The debate waxed hot and personal. The
leaderof thcOpposition was replying toaminister.
It was as if my friend before me was excoriating
the War minister for his arbitrary arrests. [Laugh-
ter.] Vehement and tumultuous cheers hurst
forth in answer to his eloquent denunciations.
The ministry sat pale and anxious. Closing his
recapitulation of points with frantic energy, he
exclaimed:
" And now, sir, does tlie noble lord opposite talk of im-
peachment 1 I ask him in tlie face of this [louse, and of
the whole country, whose eyesaie fixed upon itvvitii anx-
iety and agitation, will he presume to lepeat his threat, or
will any one oil his behalf? Sir, I pause for a reply."
And he did pause, several seconds elapsing in
dead silence, when presently a most astounding
and unprecedented sound of " cock-a-doodle-do-
o-oo" [great laughter] issued, with inimitable
fidelity of tone and manner, from immediately
behind Lox-d Bulfinch, who sprang from his seat
as if he had been shot. Every one started.
Thus a ministry was saved. [Laughter.] Po-
litical inipuitance, never vouchsafed to eloquence,
followed this timely expression. The member
becamc famous; English parliamentary history
received an ensample'which our committee would
do well to consider in the future perfection of this
English system reported by them !
During the debate of yesterday, Mr. Speaker, I
cannot but think, after the splendid speech of my
friend from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] in defense
of his privilege, he had the right to crow his
" cock-a-doodle-do-o." [Laughter.] Or perhaps
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Ingersoll,]
after his splendid defenseofGeneral Grant,[laugh-
ter,] was entitled to practice the same art ot states-
manship. [Laughter.] I might have called on
the venerable member from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stevess,] after his good-natured reply [laughter]
to my friend from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] to
give us an exulting crow over his success!
Were I possessed of such an accomplishment,
sir, I would use it to usher in, with the notes of
chanticleer, a better dawn for our country I
But, sir, these are arguments rather ad absur-
dum. Still, if we are to begin on the English
model, where are we to stop?
Let the committee, therefore, assimilate our
system altogether to that of England. See how
it will work practically without a change of the
Constitution; without the Cabinet responsible to
Congress; without theirbeiiigeitherelected when
appointed, or resigning to be reelected when they
take office. Place them here in our midst. Make
a minisleral bench across the way. Remove, as
was done a few years ago, these desks. Allow
the members to be seated as in St. Stephen's or in
the new Houses on the Thames. Let me make
the picture—a Cabinet picture for the committee.
Of course the heads of committees should sit
by the side of the heads of Departments. My
colleague [Mr. H. W. Davis] on the Foreign
Affairs would occupy a seat by the side of Mr.
Seward. The one represents Maximilian, the
other Juarez, butno matter. Lovingly the.y sit.
The chairman moves to impugn the statesman-
ship of the Foreign Secretary. The Houses sus-
tain the committee. Mr.. Seward complacently
smiles at the brutamfttlmm, and sends his min-
ister to Mexico to recognize the empire! The
Secretary of the Treasury is seated between the
gentleman from Pennsylvania and the gentleman
from Vermont. In comes the venerable Secretary
of the Navy. Neptune with hisgrave beard and
trident is not more solemn, rising from hissuhne
couch. [Laughter.] The Secretary of the Inte-
rior! Aiound him gather the Indian, Laud, and
District Committees. The Attorney and Postmas-
ter General, both new as to the House, urbane and
tremulous, yetconfidentthat no mistakes of theirs
can bo reached by congressional action. The
House is opened—then is solemnized by prayer
to the Inscrutable Essence whom it is our priv-
ilege to worship under the poelic piety of an ac-
complished Chaplain. [Laughter.] The Journal
is read! The Speaker raises his gavel, when
a rumble, like the Temblor which precfedes the
earthquake in volcanic regions, sounds through
the corridors ! All eyes are fixed upon the door!
Voila I the thundering Secretary of War appears !
[Great laughter.] Upon his brow the very feature
of Mars, to threaten and command! Room for
the War minister ! His flowing beard and spec-
tacled face, so familar to our eyes
" Assume tlie god. affect the nod,
And seein to shake the spheres!"
[Laughter.]
What to him are the princes of Begum, referred
