■M6,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
fjrom Ohio [Mr. Cox] declare that this measure
would aggrandize the executive authority. I
must say that, to me, it is one objection to this
plan that it may have exactly the opposite effect.
I believe, Mr. Speaker, that the fame of Jefferson
is waning, and the fame of Hamilton waxing, in
the estimation of the American people, and that
we are gravitating toward a stronger Government.
1 am glad we are, and I hope the effect of this
measure will cause the heads of Departments to
^become so thoroughly acquainted with the de-
tails of their office as to compensate for the re-
strictions imposed upon them. Who does not
know that the enactment of this law will tend to
bring our ablest men into the Cabinet of the Re-
public? Who does not know that if a man is to
be responsible for his executive acts, and also be
able to tell why he proposes new measures, and
to comprehend intelligently the whole scope of
his duties, weak men will shrink from taking such
places? Who does not know that it wiil call out
the best talent of the land, both executive and
parliamentary?
What is the fact now? I venture to assert that
the mass of our executive information comes
from the heads of bureaus, or perhaps from the
chief clerks of bureaus, or other subordinates un-
known to the legislative body. I would have it
that when these men bring information before
us, they shall themselves be possessed of the last
items of that information, so that they can ex-
plain them as fully as the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means ever explains his
measures when he offers them before us.
One word more, Mr. Speaker. Instead of see-
ing the picture which the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Cox] has painted to attract our minds from
the subject-matter itself to the mere gaudiness of
his farcical display, instead of seeing that un-
worthy and unmanly exhibition in this House
which he has described, 1 would see in its place
the executive heads of the Government giving in-
formation to and consulting with the Represent-
atives of the people in an open and undisguised
way. Sir, the danger to American liberty is not
from open contact with Departments, hut from
that unseen, intangible influence which character-
izes courts, crowns, and cabinets. Who does not
know, and who does not feci, how completely
the reasons of a member may be stultified by some
one getting up and reading a dictum of some head
of Department that he thinks a measure good or
bad, wise or unwise? 1 want that head of De-
partment to tell me why*, I want him to appeal to
my reason, and not lecture me tx cathedra and
desire me to follow his lead just because he leads.
I do not believe in any prescriptive right to de-
termine what legislation shall be. No, sir; it is
the silent, secret influence that saps and under-
mines the fabric of republics, and not the open
appeal, the collision between intellects, the array
of facts.
I hope, Mr. Speaker, that this measure will be
fairly considered. If it do not pass now, the day
will come, I believe, when it will pass. When
that day comes, I expect to see a higher type of
American statesmanship, not only in the Cabinet,
but in the legislative halls.
Mr. THAYER obtained the floor.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act to amend
an act entitled "An act to amend and extend the
charter of the Franklin Insurance Company, ap-
proved March 2,1838;" when the Speaker signed
the same*
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, unless my col-
league [Mr. Thayer] is very anxious to go on
with his remarks to-day, I should be glad to have
a short time allowed to me, in order to report from
the Committee of Ways and Means a deficiency
bill—the same as that which has been lost between
the two Houses—and one or two other matters
that are very pressing,
Mr. THAYER. I do not intend to detain the
House for a long time, and as it is somewhat
doubtful whether this subject in reference to the
admission of Cabinet ministers to Congress will
be resumed, I piefer, unless there is some very
great pressure of business, to say now what I have
i,o say. There will be ample time, after I close
my remarks, for the gentleman from Pennsylvania
to report his measures.
Mr. STEVENS. Very well.
CABINET MINISTERS IN CONGRESS—AGAIN.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. Speaker, I am surprised
that any one can regard the measure now be-
fore the House as proposing anything less than
a fundamental change of our present system of
Government. The Constitution declares that the
House of Representatives shall be composed of
members chosen by the people. This bill pro-
vides that persons not elected by the people, but
appointed by the President, shall occupy seats
upon the floor of this House, and participate in
the deliberations thereof. The Constitution de-
clares that no person holding office under the
United States shall be a member of either House
during his continuancc in office. This bill gives
to such officers a qualified membership in this
House. The Constitution makes it the impera-
tive duty of the President to communicate directly
with Congress, and to recommend to their con-
sideration such measures as he shall judge neces-
sary and expedient. The practical effcct of this
bill will be to substitute for this direct communi-
cation the agency of his subordinate officers, and
for his recommendations the recommendations of
those officers.
By the Constitution the heads of the Executive
Departments are to be appointed by the President,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
and, except on impeachment for high crimes and
misdemeanors, are removable at his pleasure
alone. By the plan proposed in this bill these
officers, by the moral forces to be applied to them
in this House, will eventually hold their offices at
the will of the House of Representatives alone.
By the Constitution the Presidentaloneis charged
with the duty of administering the executive de-
partment of the Government. "The executive
power shall be vested in aPiesidentof the United
States of America," and, for the purpose of aid-
ing him in the discharge of that duty, " he may
require the opinion in writing of the principal
officer in each of the Executive Departments upon
any subject relating to the duties of their respective
offices." As the executive power is wholly his,
so the whole responsibility for its exercise rests
upon him. By this bill that responsibility will
eventually be transferred to and divided among
the heads of the Executive Departments, and they
transformed from mere executive agents—the
President's head clerks, as John Randolph called
them—-into ministers of State, in the sense in which
those words are used in the British constitution.
The result will be that while the President will
still continue nominally to hold in his grasp the
whole executive authority of the Government,
the responsibility for its exercise will be trans-
ferred to a cabinet of ministers, assuming in this
House (under the provisions of the bill) the direc-
tion of publicaffuirs, and successfully resisting or
succumbing to the tide of public opinion accord-
ing to the number of votes which they can com-
mand ki the national Legislature. This may be a
very good form of government, but it is not the
form prescribed by the Constitution of the United
States.
I repeat,therefore, sir, that I cannot forbear the
expression of somerourprise that changes so fun-
damental as these should be thought.not to involve
a change of the Constitution, and that it should
be supposed that it is competent to alter the or-
ganism of the political system of the United States
so materially as is proposed by this bill by the
simple instrumentality of an actof Congress. Nor
is my surprise diminished when I trace the pater-
nity of this measure to the honoiable gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Pendleton,] whom my obser-
vation during my brief experience hero has led
me (perhaps erroneously) to regard as belonging
to the school of constitutional interpreters known
as strict constructionists. The distinguished gen-
tleman from Ohio, with many other honorable
gentlemen, his political associates, resisted the
passage of the bill submitting to the people of
tlie United States the proposed amendment of the
Constitution abolishing slavery; and his objec-
tions, if I properly understood him, were based
not upon the broad and elevated philanthropy of
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Fernando
Wood,] that slavery is the best possible condi-
tion of the black race, but upon the more techni-
cal ground that the action thus proposed was not
within the constitutional power of amendment.
The gentleman also, if I am not mistaken, op-
posed the passage of the act enrolling and call-
ing out the national forces, upon the ground that
it was an exercise of authority not conferred by
the Constitution, although that instrument had
given to Congress an express, unqualified, and
unlimited power to raise and support armies.
Yet the honorablegentleman from Ohio sees noth-
ing in the Constitution opposed to the summary
introduction into our political system, by means
of an act of Congress, of the great and radical
changes proposed by this bill.
I am aware, sir, thatneitherthe gentleman from
Ohio nor the other friends of the measure now be-
fore the House will concede that it possesses the
importance which I attribute to it, or that it will
change, in any fundamental respect, the character
of the Government. Whether it will or will not
is the precise question in debate. I believe that
it will; but that is in itself but the declaration of
an opinion of little value, unless it be founded
upon correct views of human conduct and a just
and true conception of all the conditions of the
case. I shall trespass,therefore, upon the atten-
tion of the House for a few moments while I at-
tempt to vindicate the opinion I have expressed
by a statement of the reasons which have led me
to its adoption; and I do this with the less re-
luctance, sir, because the views which I take of
the effect of the proposed measure, and the line
of argument by which I shall oppose it, differ
materially fiom those which have been presented
by honorable members who have addressed the
House in opposition to it.
In order to form a correct judgment upon the
probable results of the proposed measure it is ne-
cessary to consider its effect upon Congress, its
effect upon the heads of the Executive Depart-
ments of the Government, and its effect upon the
presidential office.
I am not among the number of those who
believe that either the independence, the politi-
cal freedom, or the constitutional powers of the
House of Representatives wouid be abridged by
the presence in that body of the heads of the Ex-
ecutive Departments, and their participation m
the deliberations of Congress. In the House, the
numbers which compose it, its varied and popu-
lar character, and the frequency with which it
is reconstructed from the masses of the people,
furnish a sufficient guarantee against any appre-
hension. It is quite possible that at times the
partialities arising from personal intercourse, the
conflict of personal opinion, the rivalries of de-
bate, and the appeals to party discipline, might
exercise influences now unfelt upon the legisla-
tion of Congress, and that coteries might thus be
formed in both Houses favorable or unfavorable to
the measures advocated by the executive agents.
But these arc influences which, from the change-
able character of this body, its natural jealousy
of executive interference, and the independence
which, by its very constitution, belongs to it,
would, in my opinion, be sure to end, not in any
diminution of the power and independence of
Congress, but in the destruction of that of the
heads of Departments, and, by consequence, of
that of the Executive himself. I am not alarmed,
therefore, by the terrible and Homeric picture
drawn by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox] of
the advent of the Secretary of War, with his myr-
midons in blue, to the House of Representatives.
No, sir; the danger from the measure now pro-
posed lies notin the abridgment of the power and
importance of the legislative department of the
Government, but in the disproportioned enlarge-
ment of that power and influence, the destiuction
of the legitimate influence of the executive officc,
the confusion and mingling of powers which are
now wisely separated, and the destruction of that
nicely adjusted balance which is now character-
istic of our system, and constitutes one of its
principal safeguards.
When the heads of the Executive Departments
shall come into this House to participate in its
debates, to be catechised by its members, to con-
front their votes, it requires no great amount of
foresight to perceive that they must submit them-
selves to the judgment of this House and become
subservient to its wishes and opinions, or relin-
quish the offices which they hold. When out-
voted upon material issues they must retire. In
