THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
sylvania, in which I reside, and disposing of it
at New Orleans. They sold the coal at their yard
there, and had barges there aii the time, and this
tow-boat was built for the purpose of towing the
barges out to the vessels to which they were to
deliver the coal, and to different places and points
about or near the city. It was the property of
loyal men, residents of my district.
Now, with regard to the capture of the boat
being a suspicious circumstance, I have testimony
here to show how that was. I did not want to
bore the House with it; but if gentlemen persist
in objections it will be necessary for me to have
it read. 1 have the testimony here as to the man-
ner in which the boat was seized by the order of
the confederate government. Knowing the loy-
alty of this man Robert Watson, the brother re-
siding there, they preferred to take his property
rather than that of a disloyal man. Therefore his
boat was taken and put into the confederate ser-
vice, and changed from a harmless coal-boat tug
into a gunboat,and its cannon turned on its own
friends. Itwasthen called theLittleRebel. Now,
I jusk that this boat be restored to its proper own-
ers and that its name be changed from the Little
Rebel to what it was before. Shall I have all
this testimony read to the House? It is ample
and satisfactory, and covers the whole case. 1
have no doubt of the loyalty of these gentlemen.
They are just as loyal as the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Kernan,] or any man on that
side of the House, or this side either. I there-
fore move the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
ask the gentleman a question.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I will hear it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It seems to
mo, Mr. Speaker, that we are passing on a ju-
dicial decision. According to the gentleman's
statement and according to his bill, this Little
Rebel was captured and brought to Cairo and
was there condemned as a prize by the district
court of the United States for the southern dis-
trict of Illinois, and now we are asked to declare
thatshe was unjustly condemned. I do not think
that this House is prepared to pass upon such a
judicial decision.
Mr. WILSON. Itseemsto me,Mr.Speaker,
that the suggestion which the gentleman from
Pennsylvania makes in regard to the loyalty of
the owners of the vessel has nothing whatever
to do with this case. It is not on the status of the
person owning this species of property that the
court passes, but upon the fact whether the prop-
erty itself is,cnminal. If the property is crim-
inal, it matters not how loyal the owner of the
property may be.
Mr. MOORHEAD. How can the property
be criminal?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. We are
passing here upon a decision of the court with-
out knowing the reasons upon which the decis-
ion was founded oranythingaboutthe facts.
Mr. KERNAN, On ex parte evidence.
Mr. WASHBURNE.of Illinois. Yes, on ex
parte evidence.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I yield to my friend from
Alleghany, [Mr. Williams,] who isa little more
of a lawyer than I am, and who will explain these
proceedings in rem that my legal fnends speak
of. [Laughter.]
Mr. WILLIAMS. I desire to say one word
on this question. My colleague from Pittsburg
[Mr. Moorhead] has overlooked, it seems to
me, one very material point in his otherwise very
clear and perspicuous and satisfactory statement
of the facts of the case, and that is that the con-
demnation in question took place on the false
suggestion that the boat was used for the pur-
poses of the rebel government with the privity
and consent of the owners. I think my colleague
did not state that fact. How the boat is to be
considered criminal is a question which my
learned friend from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] will be
perhaps prepared to answer. 1 should like to
spk him, as well as the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Kernan,] whether by virtue of the
jaw of postliminy, if this property was taken
from a loyal owner and recaptured by our own
Government, the original possessors are entitled
to have it restored to them.
Mr. KERNAN. I desire to ask my friend,
who js a good lawyer and who stands by the law,
whether he thinks that this is the proper forum
to review and try questions as to property where
it has been condemned byaregularcourtatCairo
where everybody could be heard who chose to in-
tervene.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do undertake to say that
this is the only court of appeal in a case of this
sort. It is not regularly a court, but it can and
does exercise an equitable jurisdiction in cases of
this sort, and ought to exercise it.
Mr. SLOAN. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Certainly.
Mr. SLOAN. I understand the gentleman to
say that it was a controlling suggestion with the
court that condemned this vessel that she was
used by the rebels with the privity of the owners.
What evidence has the gentleman that this was
a controlling circumstance or suggestion that in-
duced the district court to condemn this vesspl?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Nothing less than the
record. That was a material averment, and will
be found there.
Mr. SLOAN. Has the gentleman read the
opinion of the court?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have read the record of
the case. The opinion of the court, whatever it
may be, is not at all a part of the record. I have
never seen it so.
Mr. GANSON. I desire to ask the gentleman
a question.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I must resume the floor,
and insist on the previous question.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Will my colleague yield
further?
Mr. MOORHEAD. I cannot, as the case is
clear, and the House is anxious to have a vote
upon it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Will my colleague allow
me to answer a question put to me by the gentle-
man from New Vork, [Mr. Kernan?]
Mr. MOORHEAD. I cannot now. I have
called the previous question. We have had the
rem of this thing, and the postliminy of the case.
[Laughter.] I now desire to explain the com-
mon sense and equity of the case.
Mr. KERNAN. Was the value of this vessel
paid to the captors ?
Mr. MOORHEAD. The vessel was sold for
$8,000, and the half was paid to the captors.
Mr. KER.NAN. Then we are called upon to
pay twicc for this vessel.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I will explain thatifgen-
tlenien will give me a little time. This boat was
sold for $8,000, and the half of that was paid to
the captors. The boat was in the rebel service
but for a few months; since July, 1862, it has
been in the service of this Government. The
owners of the boat claim about three thousand
dollars per month, which would be a properchar-
ter for that boat, but which would amount to
more than the whole value of the boat.
Mr. GANSON. How did the boat get into
the possession of the Government when it was
sold ?
Mr. MOORHEAD. It was seized at Mem-
phis and put into the Government service, and
used a long time before the proceedings in Illi-
nois.
Mr. GANSON. When was the proceeding
had?
Mr. MOORHEAD. My legal friend from the
Alleghany district can explain that.
Mr. WILLIAMS. About the month of Sep-
tember, 1862.
Mr. GANSON. How could the boat have
been in the service of the United States for three
years if she was seized m 1862?
Mr, MOORHEAD. T said two years. It is
still in the service of the Government. The boat
was bought by the Government and has been in
the Government service ever since it was taken
in Memphis in July, 1862.
Mr. WILSON. How could the boat have
been two years in the service of the Government
before the condemnation and sale, when it was
captured at the time we took Memphis?
Mr. MOORHEAD. I did not say that at all.
I say that the boat legally and justly and equi-
tably belongs to this firm of II. & J. Watson,
ever since it was taken from the rebels, and that
this proceeding was, as the bill states, unjust—
illegal, perhaps; I do not sayabout that. It was
unjust, at any rate, and therefore I call the pre-
vious question.^
Mr. MORRILL. I see that this bill is clog-
ging the business of the Naval Committee. 1
therefore move to lay this bill on the table.
Upon the motion to lay on the table the House
divided, and there were—ayes 49, noes 49.
The SPEAKER voted in the negative.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for the
yeas and nays upon the motion to lay the bill on
the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; arid it was decided hi
the negative—yeas 55, nays 55, not voting 72;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. JamesC. Allen, Allison, Ames, John D.
Baldwin, floyd, Br.uidegee, Chanler, Cobb, Cole, Thomas
T. Davis, Doming, Dixon.FHiot,Fnrnsvvorth,G:in*=on,Her-
nek, flolman, John H. Hubbard,Ilulliurd, Kalbfleisch,Ker-
nnn, Knapp, Knox, Lp Blond,Li?tlejohn, Long, Marcy,3YIc-
Clurg, Middlcton, Samuel P. Miller, William H. Miller,
Morrill. Daniel Mori is Morrison, Norton, Odell, Pendleton,
Perry, Pomerov, Price, Pruyn, Radloid, EtHvard H. Roll ins,
Scott, Sloan, Spalding, William G. Steele, Strouse, Sweat,
Tovvnsend,Upson,ElilmB-Washbume, VVilliam B, Wash-
burn, Wilson,and Winfield—53.
NAYS—Messrs. Baily, Blaine,Blow,Broomall, Freeman
Clarke, Clay, Cox, Dawson, Drigg-, Eden, Edgerton, Eng-
!ir«h. Fmek, Fiank, Grider. GnnnelJ, Griswoid, Hale, Hail,
Ilicjy, Ilotchkis«, Asahel W. HUbbaid,Kasson, Kelley, Or-
lando Kellogg, King, Law, Loan, Mai vin, McAllister, Mc-
Bride, Moot head, James R. Morris, Leon art! Myers, Nelson,
Charles O'Neill, Perham, Pike, William H. Randall, John
II. Rice, James S. Rollins, Ross,Scofield, John B. Steele,
Stevens, Thayer, Tracy, Ward, Whaley, Chilton A. White,
Williams, Wilder, Windom, Woodbridge, and Worthing-
ton—55.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. William J. Allen, Alley, An-
cona. Anderson, Arnold, Ashley, AuguMus C. Baldwin,
Baxter, Beamart, Blair, Bites, BontvveJl, Brooks, James S.
Brown, William G. Blown, Ambrose W. Claik, CofTroth,
Cravens, Creswell, Henry Winter Davis, Dawes, Denison,
Donnelly,Dumout., Eckley, Eldndge, Garfield, Gooch, Har-
ding, Haumgfon, Benjamin G. Harris. Charles M. Harris,
Ilooper, [lutchiris, [ngersoll, Jenekerf, Philip Johnson, Wil-
liam Johnson, Julian, Francis W. Kellogg, Lazear, X^ong-
vear, Mallory, McDowell, Mclridoe, MeKtnney, Am03
Myers, Noble, John O'Neill, Orth, Patterson, Samuel J.
Randall, Alexander H. Rice, Robinson, Rogers, Sehenck,
Shannon, Smith, Smithers, Starr, Stiles, Stuait, Thomas,
Van Valkenburgh, Voorhee«?, Wadsworth, Webster, Wheel-
er. Joseph W. White, Benjamin Wood, Fernando Wood,
and Yeaman—72.
The SPEAKER voted in the negative.
So the motion to lay on the table was notagreed
to.
On seconding the demand for the previous ques-
tion there were, on a division—ayes 51, noes 31;
no quorum voting*.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers, and appointed
Mr. Moorhead, and Mr. Steele of New Jersey.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—.
ayes 55, noes 41.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered.
The question being on the passage of the bill,
Mr. WASHBUR.NE,of Illinois, demanded the
yeas and nays. v
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 45, nays 59, not voting 78; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Baily, Blow, Broomall, Freeman Clarke,
Clay, Dawson, Duggs. Dumont, Eden, Edgerton, Frank,
Grinnell, Hale, Higbv, Hotehkiss, Ingersoll, Kasson, Kelley,
Orlando Kellogg, Km};, Law, Loan, Marvin, McAllister,
McBnde, Moothead, James R. Mori is. Leonaid Myers,
Nelson, Charles O'Neill, Perham, William H. Randall,
John H. Rice, James S. Rollins, Ro*f, Scolield, John B,
Steele, Stevens, Smart, Thoyei, Tracy, Ward, Wlialey,
Williams, Wilder, and Yeaman—45.
NAY&—-Mebfcrs James C. Allen, Arne«, Augustus C.
Baldwin, John D. Baldwin, Boyd, Biandegee, Chanler,
Cobb, Cole, Cox, Heniy Winter Davis, Thomas'T. Davis,
Dawes, Deunng, Dixon, Elioi, Farnsvvotih, Ganson, lier-
lick, Hohnan, Asahel W. fhibbard. Uulburd. Jenekes,
Kalbfiewh, Kernan, Knapp, Knox, Litti"jolm. Long, Mc-
Citng, Middleton, Morrill, Daniel Morris-,.Moiti on, Nor-
ton, Odell, Patterson, Pendleton, Perry, Pomeroy, Price,
Pi uyn, Radford, Scott, Sloan, Smaller-., Spalding, William
G. Steele, Strouse, Sweat,Tnwn-end, (Tpvon. Van Valken-
burgh, Elihu B. VVashburne, William B. Washburn, Chil-
ton A. White, Wilson, Windom, and Winfield—09.
NOT VOTING—Mes&rs. William J. Allen, Alley, Alli-
son, Ancona. Anderson, Arnold, Ashley, Baxter. Beaman,
Blame, Blair, Bliss, Boutweil, Brooks, James S. Brown,
William G. Brown, Ambrose W. Clark, CoilVoth, Cravens,
Creswell, Denison, Donnelly, Eckley, EJdridge, English,
Fmck, Garfield, Gooch, Giidcr. Guswold, Hall, Harding,
Harrington, Benjamin G Harris,CharlesM. Harris, Hooper,
John H« Hubbard, Hutching, Philip Johnson, William
Johnson, Julian, Francis VV. Kellogg, Lazear, Le Blond,
Longyear, Mallory, Marcy, McDowell, MeJndoe, MeKin-
ney, Samuel F. Miller, William ,11. Miller, Amo* Myers,
Noble, John O'Neill, Orth, Pike, Samuel J. Randall, Alex-
ander H. Rice, R l>tnson, Rogers, Edwaid II. Rollins,
Sehenck, Shannon, Smith, Stan, Stiles, Thomas, Voor-
hee.*, Wadoworth, Webster, Wheeler, Joseph W. White,
Benjamin Wood, Fernando Wood, Woodbridge, and
Worthington—78.
So the bill was rejected.
