1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
121|
Dunn? the roll-roll,
Mr. W1NDOM stated that his colleague, Mr.
Dovnelly, was confined to his room by sick-
ness.
The result was announced as above stated.
Mr. KERNAN moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
i NAVY. V
PAY DEPARTMENT OF THE
Mr. KELLEY. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs to report back, with an
amendment, bill S. No. 382, entitled "An act to
provide for the better organization of the pay
department of the Navy."
The bill was read.
The amendment proposed by the Committee on
Naval Affairs was to add the following as a new
section:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of the Navy
is hereby authorized to appoint acting past assistant pay-
meters and noting past assistant surgeons to serve during
the pu'sent wpr, and to have the wine pay as officers of
like rank in the Navy.
Mr. "VVASHBURNE.of Illinois. I hope that
this power will not be given to the Secretary of
the Navy.
Mr. KELLEY. The Secretary of the Navy
has usually made these subordinate appointments.
They are mere acting appointments. The ap-
pointees lose their offices when the vessel goes
■ out of commission, unless they be reappointed.
They are not regular officers of the Navy. 1 call
the previous question.
Mr. PIKE. I hope that the gentleman will
permit me to move an amendment to the first sec-
tion of the bill. The bill provides for one hun-
dred paymasters, fifty passed assistant paymas-
ters, and fifty assistant paymasters. 1 move to
reduce the number of paymasters to eighty, and
the others to forty.
Mr. KELLEY. I yield to the amendment, but
1 hope that it will not pass.
Mr. PIKE. The present number of paymas-
ters in the Navy is sixty-four, assistant paymas-
ters thirty-six, making one hundred paymasters
and assistant paymasters in the regular Navy.
This doubles the number. They wish for an in-
crease of force and additional rank between the
assistant paymasters and regular paymasters, to
which I have no objection. But i think that the
increase is too large, and that it should be fifty
instead of one hundred.
It is proposed by the Navy Department, and I
have no doubt will meet with the concurrence of
the House, that hereafter the payments now made
on shore by Navy agents and other disbursing
agents of that character shall be made by the reg-
ular officer attached to the naval station or'the
navy-yard; and in consequence they will need
this increased force.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Why this
addition if the present officers can do it? Why
is it necessary to make this new batch of officers ?
Mr. PIKE. It has been found latterly that the
Navy agents in the large ports, for some reason
or other, have fallen into difficulties, and that the
bonds which they are required to #ive to restrict
them within the bounds of propriety are not suffi-
cient. It has been found that officers who have
a life position and interest which depends upon
the proper discharge of their duties are more likely
to honestly and properly disburse moneys than
mere temporary officers. It has been found in
the Army that life offices are better than a bond
for the protection of the interests of the Govern-
ment.
For that reason the increase of force is very
well; but, as I have said,! do not concur in the
Senate bill, which doubles the force. I propose
to add fifty per cent, to the present force, and 1
think that is enough.
The whole nifmber of paymasters in the Navy
is five hundred, about equal to the number of sur-
geons. This will provide one hundred for the
regular Navy and three hundred for the volunteer
force, and 1 hope that the amendment will be
adopted.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, I think that
the gentleman's amendment is an unwise one.
The pay department of the Navy was regulated
to meet the wants of the Department before the
breaking* out of the rebellion, when it consisted at
one time of only sixty-five vessels. We have
nowover six hundred vessels in commission, and
probably it will be a long time faeforc we will have
less than one hundred and fifty. The number of
paymasters, as stated by my colleague, is sixty-
four, and the number of assistant paymasters
thirty-six. There are something like two hun-
dred acting paymasters in the service, less than
two hundred, and on the reduction of our ser-
vice a large number of acting paymasters will
have to be retained. We have sixteen paymas-
ters now on shore at different depots of supply.
Paymasters in the Navy perform other duties
than paymasters in the Army. They not only
pay the officers and men, but they take charge of
the clothing and small-stores. One is required,
therefore, for each vessel.
The Navy Department is carrying the proposi-
tion into effect to substitute a paymaster at each
of the stations at which a Navy agent has here-
tofore existed. If that be done I am quite sure
that enough will be saved at each station to pay
the increase of expenditure called for by this bill.
With sixteen stationed at depots of supplies, with
others detailed for the purpose I have indicated,
with " relays," as it was called in the Senate, on
home duty to relieve members of the corps, one
year out of four on home duty being the practice,
with all that, you will find that two hundred will
be inadequate to the service. I think that the
reduction to eighty proposed by the gentleman
from Maine would be an unwise one.
Now there are four hundred gentlemen engaged
as acting assistant paymasters; and it is proposed
to give t-he Government the opportunity of select-
ing from among those two hundred who have
shown themselves most competent and faithful.
They have a well-trained and experienced corps
from which to select. The number two hundred
will not be too large. The amendment suggested
proposes to givelo those gentlemen who have
served as acting assistants a chance for a slight
promotion, so that men who have served faith-
fully a series of years in an acting position, may
pass to the position of acting assistant paymasters,
it is to encourage fidelity in that branch of the ser-
vice. I hope that the bill will pass, and that the
gentleman from Maine will withdraw his amend-
ment.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. From the state-
ment of the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Pike] I
infer that the paymasters contemplated by this bill
are intended to perform the duty, or a portion of
the duty, of Navy agents. Does the bill propose
to abolish the office of Navy agent?
Mr. PIKE. No.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. If not we are
doubling officers for the same duty.
Mr. KELLEY. In reply to thegentleman from
Maryland, I will say that where paymasters have
been detailed to perform the duty of Navyagent,
there the Navy agent has been removed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. It rests with the
Government to appoint both by law.
Mr.KELLEY. The Governmentcannotabol-
ish the office of Navy agent. That is for Con-
gress to do. I understand that the head of the
Navy Department would appiove of a law abol-
ishing the office of Navy agent.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Then as the bill
stands I cannot support it, as it seems merely to
be doubling officers. I have not had time to study
the merits of the bill, but it seems to me that an
essential part of it should be that the Navyagent
should be abolished if the duties are to be per-
formed by the new paymasters.
Mr. PIKE. My motion was to diminish the
number of officers that were authorized by the
Senate. I said for one that I was willing to con-
sent to an increase, and among other reasons was
this, that three or four probably may be neces-
sary at the navy-yards. The gentleman is aware
that at present paymasters are discharging the
duties of Navy agents at these yards.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. That would seem
to show that there are enough to discharge the
duties.
Mr. PIKE. In furtherance of my idea that
there should be a reduction, I will call the atten-
tion of the House to the fact that these officers
are officers in the regular Navy, and that this in-
crease of numbers is an increase of light officers.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. In addition to the
permanent officers of the Navy.
Mr. KELLEY. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. HOLMAN. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered;and Messrs. Kelley and
Holm^n were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 78, noes 35.
So the previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the amendment reported from
the committee was adopted.
The amendment offered by Mr. Pike was then
agreed to'.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question recurring on the passage of the
bill,
Mr. PIKE called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put, and there were—yeas
52, nays 59, not voting 78; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Bai]v, JolinD. Baldwin, Blow,
Boyd, Broomall, Cimnler, Freeman Clarke, Cox, Dixon,
Edgerion, Eliot, English, Grinnell, Gnswold, Hale, Asaliel
VV. Hubbard, lngetsoll, Jenckes, Kaw-on, Kelley, Law,
Littlejohn, Loan, Murcy, Marvin, McAllister, MeCluig,
Eeonuid Myers, Charles O'Neill, Perham, Perry, Pike,
Radford, Alexander U. Rice, John II. Rice, Edward H. Rol-
ling Seoficld, Smithers, Spalding, John B. Steele, Sweat,
Thayer, Van Valkenburgh. Ward, Whaley, Wilder, Win-
dow, Fernando Wood, Woodbridge, YVorthington, and
Yeanmn—52.
NAYS — Messr«. James C. Allen, Ames. Augustus C.
Baldwin, Blaine, Brandegee, Cobb, Cole, Henry Winter
Davis, Thomas T. Davis, L)awee, Denung, Driggs, Eden,
Parntiworth, pinck, Frank, Ganson, Hall, Ilmick, Hol-
nian. Hooper, Hotchkiss, John H. Ilubbard, Hulburd,
Ivalbfleisch,Orlando Kellogs, Kernan, King,Knapp, Knox,
Long, Middleton, Samuel F. Miller, William H. Miller,
Daniel Moiri**, James R. Morris,Norton, Odell, Pomeroy,
William II. Randall, Uoss, Scott, William G. Steele,Stuart,
Townsend, Tracy, Ehhu I*. Washburne, William B.
Washburn, Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Wilson, and Win-
lield—50.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. William J. Allen, Alley, An-
cona, Anderson, Arnold, Ashley, Baxter, Beaman, Blair,
Bits-?., Bounvell, Brooks, James S. Brown, William G.
Brown. Ainbro>e W. Clark, Clay, Coft'ioth, Cravens,
Cieswell, Dawson, Denton, Donnelly, Dumont, Eekley,
Eldmlgc, G.uficld. Gooeh, G rider, Harding, Hanuigton,
Benjamin G. Ilairis, Chailes M. Il«iru<, Uigby,IIutchms,
Philip Johnson, William Johnson, Julian, Francis W. Kel-
logg, Lazear, Le Blond, Longyear. Mullory, McBride, Mc-
Dowell, Mcfndoe, McICinney, Moorhead. Moinli, Morri-
son, AinOsMyeis, Nel-son,Noble,John O'Neill, Oith, Pat-
terson, Pendleton, Price, Pruyn, Samuel J. Manual), Robin- '
son, Rogers, James S. Rollins, Schenck, Shannon, Sloan,
Smith, Stair, Stevens, Stiles, Strouse, Thomas, Upson,
Voorhees, Wadsworth, Webster, Joseph W. White, Wil-
liams, and Benjamin Wood—78.
The SPEAKER. The Chair votes in the af-
firmative, and the bill is passed.
During the call,
Mr. HOLMAN stated that Mr. Ashley and
Mr. Ancona had paired off.
Mr. RANDALL, of Kentucky, stated that
Mr. Clay had left the Hall on account of sick-
ness.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I rise to a privi-
leged question. I move to reconsiderthe vote by
which the bill has been passed. I voted through
a tnisconception.
The SPEAKER. The motion will be entered.
PAUL S. FOKBISS.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, reported a joint resolution authorizing the
Secretary of the Navy to advance Paul S. Forbea
§250,000 additional out of the sum to be paid him
under his contract for building a steam screw
sloop-of-war; which was read a first and second
time.
The question being on its engrossment and
third reading,
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. I move that
the House do now adjourn.
The motion was notagreed to; there being,on
a division—ayes 33, noes 60.
Mr. PIKE. 1 will make a brief statement in
reference to this resolution. Paul S. Forbes, of
New York, some eighteen months ago, with an
honest desire to produce a vessel superior to any
vessel in any navy of the world, and,as I believe,
for no other purpose, having no expectation of
making a dollar out of the contract, entered into
a contract with the Navy Department to produce
a vessel to be called the Idaho, of two thousand
five hundred tons burden,forthesum of§€00,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a question of order.
