1214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
This bill, if I am rightly informed, was not re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. PIKE. This is a joint resolution intro-
duced by the Committee on Naval Affairs, it was
referred to that committee by the House, and is
now reported.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that that
settles the question,
Mr. HOLMAN. This is not the Senate bill.
The SPEAKER. If a petition on this subject
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
that gives the committee jurisdiction.
Mr. HOLMAN. Has this bill been reported
to the House ?
The SPEAKER. It is an original bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. It has not been read to the
House.
TheSPEAKER. It has been read the firstand
second time, and the question is now on its third
reading.
Mr. PIKE. I am almost through with my state-
ment. This gentleman, for the sum of $600,000,
proposed to produce a vessel of some two thou-
sand five hundred tons burden, to be called the
Idaho, guarantying that, loaded with her armor,
she would for twenty-four consecutive hours
make sixteen knots an hour in sea-way, something
never done before, and which, in my judgment,
cannot be done now. This vessel now lies at the
wharf in New York having her engines on boaid.
She is now progressing to completion. Improve-
ments of the most valuable character have already
been made in her,and whethershe actually fulfills
the conditions of her contract or not, I have no
doubt she will be a very superior and valuable
vessel. This gentleman has received on his con-
tract some $300,000. He is now m advance of that
sum $400,000, havmgalreadyexpended §700,000
on his contract for $600,000. He will be obliged
to expend $200,000 more before he gets the ves-
sel ready for her trial trip. All that lie now asks
of Congress is to give him $250,000 on his con-
tract out of the $c00,000. Not one single dollar
of extra allowance is asked for in the resolu-
tion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman from Maine will provide in this resolution
that this contiactor shall not come to Congress
for additional pay Mvill vote for it.
Mr. PIKE. 1 am not authorized to do it, nor
will I prejudge his case. I move the previous
question on the engrossing and third reading of
the joint resolution.
Mr. HOLMAN. I insist on the joint resolu-
tion being reported to the House.
The SPEAKER. It will be now read.
The joint resolution was read. It authorizes
the Secretary of the Navy to pay to Paul S.
Forbes, of the city of New York, the sum of
$250,000 in addition to the sums heretofore paid,
to apply on his contract of the date of May 22,
1803, for building a steam screw sloop-of-war,
the same being an advance payment on the con-
tact to aid in the completion of the said sloop-of-
war; provided that no part of said sum shall be
paid without the assent in writing of the sureties
of said Paul S. Forbes; and pi ovided further that
nothing in the resolution contained shall be so
construed as in any manner to affect or vary said
contract, cxcept as to the time of making said
payment. /
Mr. HOLMAN. I believe that this jointreso-
lution appropriates $'250,000. it should therefore
be first considered in the Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman rise to
a point of order:
Mr. HOLMAN. I do.
The SPEAKER. This joint resolution is not
an appropriaiion bill. It would be entirely insuf-
ficientofitselfto take any money outof the Treas-
ury. It authorizes $.250,000 to be paid out of
money which must be appropriated by some other
bill. It is not, therefore, an appropriation bill.
The Chair overrules the point of order.
Mr. PIKE. I now insist on the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered; which was on order-
ing the joint resolution to be engrossed and read
a thud tim*.
Mr. HOLMAN called for teller s on the engross-
ment and third reading.
Tellers weie ordered; and Messrs. Holman
and Pike were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 75, noes 20.
So the joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time.
The question being on its passage, there were,
on a division—ayes 71, noes 22.
So the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, (at eleven
p. m.) I move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. HOLMAN called for the yeas and nays,
and for tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered, and the yeas and
nays were not ordered.
The motion was not agreed to. \ ;
GUNBOAT CONTRACTORS. \
Mr. BRAND.EGEE. The House is in so
amiable a disposition that I would like to intro-
duce a joint resolution, which I am instructed to
report by the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
which 1 know will commend itself to the favora-
ble consideration of the House.
The joint resolution for the relief of Woodruff
& Beach and others was read. It refers to the
Secretary of the Navy the petitions and memorials
of Woodruff & Beach and others, and of the con-
tractors for the seven iron vessels, and their ma-
chinery, known as double-enders, and the con-
tractors for theseventeen vessels known as wooden
double-enders, and the contractors for engines,
machinery, &c., claiming relief for additional
cost and expense beyond the contract price for
the construction of naval vessels and machinery,
with authority tograntsuch relief,if any,asshall
appear to be just and equitable on examination of
their respective claims. The Secretary of the
Navy, if he shall deem it necessary for the pur-
poses of such examination, may appoint a board
to make the same under his direction; and on the
report in wi itingofsuch board, if he is of the opin-
ion that the report is just and proper, he shall
have authority to pay the said several claimants
or either of them the amount awarded in such re-
port to such claimants, out of any money in the
Treasury appropriated for the construction, pur-
chase, completion, or repair of vessels for the
Navy, or steam machinery, provided that no per-
son whose contract shall not be fulfilled to the
satisfaction of the Navy Department shall be en-
titled to relief under this resolution; and provided
further that the allowance shall in no case exceed
twenty per cent, on the contract price, except in
the case of the Camanche, in which case the allow-
ance shall not exceed thirty per cent., and except
also in the case of the Dunderberg, in which case
the contractor shall be allowed, as the work pro-
gresses, for the cost of the additional size of the
vessel and engines, in addition to the per cent,
that may be allowed him for losses, not exceed-
ingtwenty percent.; and provided further that the
allowance shall not in any case exceed the actual
and necessary cost to the contractor.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 make the point of orderthat
this joint resolution is now read for the first time,
and, by the rules of the House, if objection be
made, it cannot be read a sccond time on this
day.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have a
right to make the motion that the joint resolution
be rejected.
The SPEAKER. That motion is never made
in the House. The rule states that if any mem-
ber objects to the second reading of a bill, the
question shall be put by the Chair, "Shall it be
iejected ?"
Mr. HOLMAN. I raise the point that the
joint resolution cannot be read the second time
this day.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules that
point.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I make
my objection to the second reading.
The SPEAKER. The rule is this: the first
reading of the bill is for information; and if op-
position is made to it, the question then is, " Shall
this bill be rejected?" And this question is de-
batable; but if no opposition is made, or if the
question to reject be negatived, the bill shall go
to its second reading" without objection.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I made my
objection.
The SPEAKER. Then the question is," Shall
the bill be rejected ?" which is debatable, and the
gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Brandegee]
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I want to make a prop-
osition to the House, as it is evident that this
bill will involve discussion, and, it may be, some
considerable amount of feeling, judging from
what has been exhibited already, and from the
unusual course taken In proposing to reject the
bill/at its first reading. 1 propose to gentlemen
that if an adjournment now will leave this matter
pending as unfinished business, and will leave me
entitled to the floor to explain the bill, I will vacatc
the floor for the purpose of having any gentleman
move an adjournment. If not, 1 propose to take
my hour now.
Several Members. Go on now.
Mr. DAViS, of New York. I wish to know
whether the Mr. Paul S. Forbes named in this
joint resolution is the same party to be benefited
by the resolution which we have just passed, au-
thorizing the Secretary of the Navy to advance
§250,000 to him?
Mr. BRANDEGEE. He is the identical in-
dividual.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. For the same
vessel?
Mr. BRANDEGEE. For the same identical
vessel; and I think lean show to the satisfaction
of the House that if this joint resolution is passed
there is no danger that Mr. Forbes will be paid
twice.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Is not this an ap-
propriation bill ?
Mr. BRANDEGEE. It is not. The money,
if any is to be paid, is to be paid out of moneys
already appropriated for these vessels. This
joint resolution provides for the creation of a
board.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Mr. Speaker, I
would ask for what purpose this is appropriated.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state that
| the rule is uniform, that an appropriation bill
must be a bill which of itself takes the money out
of the Treasury by its own operation. It must
read " out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated." For instance,pension
bills virtually appropriate money outof the Treas-
ury, but they are not appropriation bills; the
money is appropriated by a general bill.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. It proposes to
divert money appropriated for one purpose to
another.
The SPEAKER.That can be done without
its being an appropriation bill.
Mr. PIKE. More than that: it provides for the
payment of $4,000,000 without any further action
of either branch of Congress.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from
Marne, [Mr. Pike,] point out the part of the bill
which makes it an appropriation bill, according
to the rules of this House?
Mr. PIKE. I would call attention to these
words:
If he is of opinion that the report is just and proper, the
Secretary of the Navy shall be authorized to pay the money
to said claimants.
The SPEAKER. To be paid out of what
money ?
Mr. PIKE continued to read:
Out of any moneys in the Treasury appropriated to the
construction, completion, or repair of vessels lor the Navy,
or for steam maclmieiy.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order, and decides that this is not an ap-
propriation bill according to the usage and rules
of this House.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. Mr. Speaker, if these
parliamentary gentlemen have exhausted the re-
sources of the Manual in the attempt to get me
off the floor,I will now attempt to explain the
merits of the measure which 1 have reported un-
der the instructions of my committee.
This is a bill for the relief ~of certain con-
tractors.
Mr. MORRIS, of New York. I would ask
the gentleman how long he proposes to speak.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. As the opponents of the
bill evidently intend tointeriuptme with frivolous
questions until my time runs out, I will decline
to yield except it be for a point of order. I have
the floor,and having had some practice elsewhere,
I am not to be driven from it, unless the House
will consent to adjourn, so as to leave this ques-
tion to come up in the morning, in which case I
