1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
121$
will cheerfully give way for a motion foradjourn-
mont, it being now near midnight.
S^vojal Members. Oh, no!
Mr. BRANDEGEE. Mr. Speaker, this joint
lcsoiution provides for the relief of certain con-
tractor, and it may—though it does not neces-
sarily—involve a pretty large appropriation from
the Treasury. 1 think I know how odious the
very name of a contractor is in the ears of this
House and of the country; scarcely less so} I
imagine, than the name publican was to the ears
of the descendants of Moses.
These two things—the amount involved and
the pai ties to be relieved—have drawn down upon
the bill (he hot wrath of the gentleman from Il-
linois, [Mr. Washburne*,] for he hasalready in-
dicated, with more than his usual vehemence,
and less than his usual judgment, that he wilt
pour out the vials of his indignant eloquence upon
the bill, the parties to be relieved by it, the com-
mittee who have reported it, and, by a sort of
prophetic damnation, all who are about to vote
for it.
I propose, since the House has now settled into
so excellent a good temper, after the storm of the
earlier part of the evening, 'o speak to the mer-
its of the measure; and leaving vehemence and
vituperation to those who have a taste for that
style of argument, 1 will appeal to the calm judg-
ment of the House, and that sober sense of equity
that is never appealed to in vain, to sustain the
action of the committee.
And in the first place, Mr. Speaker, who are
the parties to be relieved here? Who are these
odious contractors, these moncy-changcrs whom
the gentleman from Illinois seeks to lash from
this temple of the Capitol with his whip of scor-
pions? They are the steam-engine and ship-
builders of the United States—a class of men
whom I undertake to say, for public services and
for private worth, are an honor to the American
name wherever the English language is spoken.
I confess myself, Mr. Speaker, to a consider-
able astonishment at the impression made on my
mind-by the appearance of these men befoie the
committee of which I am a member. I knew
them to be, of course, men of intelligence in the
branch of mechanic art to which their time and
attention had been devoted. But I was not pre-
pared to find, as I did find, that these engine and
ship-builders, in general intelligence and educa-
tion, in probity ofcharacterand uncalculadng pa-
triotism, were- the equals of any gentleman on
this floor, not to make a more invidious compar-
ison. Among them—and I instance their names
ns types of their class and not as select excep-
tions—were such men as George Quintard, and
Secoi & Co., of the great engine-building firms
of New York city, n imes known and honored as
representatives of American skill wherever steam
has diiven keel over the navigable waters of the
globe. Paul S. Foibe's, whose princely patriot-
ism offered to build for your Government the
fastest steamer in the world at cost, withouta dol-
lar for his time and services, was another. Wil-
liam -H. Webb is one of them, the gieat Ameri-
can ship-builder, whose public services would
have been honored with "knighthood under any
other form of government than ours. And with
them is James B. Eades of St. Louis, a name that
will yet come to be written on the same page in
future history as that of Watt or Fulton, who,
amid-the very din and hurly-burly of war, with
rebel raids at the very doors of his foundery,
while he was overwhelmed, or ratiier while any
other man than he would have been overwhelmed
with the giant task of constructing your Missis-
sippi squadron, still found time to give to his
country two inventions which will make his name
immortal—one an application of steam to the
handling of heavy ordnance, by which a fifteen-
inch gun that weighs twenty tons—larger and
heavier than those huge granite shafts which stand
in solemn giandeur before the portals of your
Treasury—can be manipulated in action by one
man with the ease with which a boy fires his
pocket pistol; the other, an invention which in the
judgment of our wisest military engineers is soon
to revolutionize the whole art of fortification de-
fense thioughout the world. These are some of
the men—types merely—of the class of Ameri-
can mechanics which this bill proposes to re-
lieve from irredeemable bankruptcy and ruin.
Mr. Speaker, itwas to these, and such as these,
that your Secretary of the Navy went m person,
in that dark hour of our country's faith; when an
iron navy was to be improvised out of nothing;
when a navy, the ordinary work of years, was to
be launched upon the instant to meet the exact-
ing demands of a blockade of more than three
thousand miles of coastline; and more than all,
to draw off the lurid lightning of that portentous
war-cloud which threatened to burst from abroad.
The fabled miracle of mythology was to be re-
peated here, that at the instantaneous touch of
American genius Pallas was once more to spring
full armed from the brain of Jove And it was
done, sir. The appeal wasnotmadeto American
mechanics in vain. They were not here, these
ship and engine-builders, prowling around the
Departments to snap at the first bone thrown from
the windows of patronage. They did not belong
to this hungry lobby, the nuisance of legislation,
that vermin swarm who buzz, and hum, and crawl
along the tessellated pavements amid these mai ble
corridors. They were at their ship-yards and in
their machine-shops, and at the appeal of your
Secretary they placed shop and yard at his dis-
posal. Contracts were entered into to construct
a Navy which is yet to make you the masters of
the ocean. The price was restricted to the lowest
possible estimate of cost, based upon the then ex-
isting state of the market. It was pinched down
to the last farthing of the value oflaborand material
then. And then a greenback was worth a gold
dollar. Thus, and upon such a basis, were these
contracts entered into. And it may give the House
some idea of the prudent precaution of the Secretary
of the Navy when I state that many of these con-
tracts were for the delivery of a first-class ship-of-
war, of novel plan, never before constructed, fully
equipped, with her engines on board, at a piice
less than the actual cost of the engines alone to
the contractors, as it has resulted. And the House
can easily see that they were not in the nature of
ordinary contracts, and ought not to be measmed
by ordinary formulas. They were for building
ships. They were not for furnishing horses, or
clothing, or any of those articles which have a
standaid price in the maiket, fluctuating, to be
sure, but fluctuating between certain ranges easily
calculated, and where the contractor can go into
the market and fill his entire contract in thirty
days at the furthest. They were for building
ships, the work of months, ordinarily of years,
and involving that vast problem of the prices of
labor, provisions, insurance, freights, interest,
iron, wood, coal, exchanges, and the thousand
and one element's of naval architecture.
But I am anticipating. These contracts were
made upon the terms and under the circumstances
which I have already referred to. Then came
the dark days. Then came a state of facts for
which the file furnished no precedent; for which
the wit of no man could have estimated. The
wisdom of prophecy alone could have foreseen
and provided against it. You were defeated upon
land and sea. The gulf of dissolution yowned
beneath us. It seemed as though our cause was
to go down. The nation's head was sick and
the nation's heart was faint. You had already
,been chased m panic from the stricken field of
'Bull Run. You had changed your leader only
to leave thousands of nameless graves in the
oozy swamps of the Cluckahominy. Another
leader had dashed in vain your gallant columns
against the bristling heights of Fredericksburg.
Under a fourth you were checked'at Chancellors-
ville. Meanwhile, upon the sea as well as upon
the land, you were discomfited. Your flag was
hunted over every ocean by rebel corsairs. And
when you had tracked the pirate by the light of
your burning commerce the convenient neutrality
of your British ally afforded him protection and
impunity. The result was that both your ex-
ports and your imports were driven to foreign
bottoms, and the great carrying trade of the sec-
ond naval Power in the world was ended.
Taut® molis erat Roinaisam condere gentom."
Of course your credit went down under such a
series of disasters. And as it went down day by
Jay, gold, that standard of valuesand exchanges,
rose in proportion. You had to expand your
currency to fill up the mighty void. And the
more youexpanded the more you had to expand,
for the law is inexorable which aggravates such
a disease by the application of such a remedy,
When the great balloon arose freighted with panic
and expansion it took up with it ail values. Food
and clothing,labor and material,the luxuries and
the necessaries of life, all ascended with it. ^ No
man could have foreseen the extent or rapidity
of this ascent when these contracts were made,
and if he had estimated for it in these contracts
he would have been considered either an idiot or
an extortioner.
Tins is one argument for relief.
Added to this was the tariff. You found your-
selves without finances. The Army must be fed
and clothed. Steam must be kept up in the boil-
ers of your war ships. But where were the ways
and means to come from? You must resort to
import duties, and you were compelled to lay
them up to the very verge of prohibition. You
doubled, in some cases quadrupled, your duties,
and thus added to the cost of iron, copper, and
all metals, duck, hemp, naval stores, and all that
large class of imported articles which are the
essentials in naval construction. Then came the
draft. Volunteerenlistmentsflagged. Thatgrand,
wild uptising of the nation at the echoes of the
first gun upon Sumter—comparable to nothing in
all history save the first crusade, when all Europe
rushed to arms for the recovery of the Holy Sep-
ulcher—had settled into the calm conviction that
the war was to he long and bloody instead of
" shoit, sharp, and decisive." You were forced
to a conscription; and the first revolutions of the
fated wheel drew forth—not that scurvy scum
which, under the stimulus of enormous bounties
and swindling substitute brokers is now gathered
from the stews of your cities and the almshouses
of Europe—but the bone and sinew of the land;
the men of the forge and the anvil; the men of
the ax and the hammer. Skilled labor became
almost unattainable, and then only at the most
enormous puces. Right there, just at the time
when this scarcity existed, and when these men
were compelled through the shortness of hands to
run their establishments night and day, and upon
Sundays, at double the wages for this extra work,
you aggiavated the difficulty by calling a large
portion of this class of labor for your own employ-
ment in your own yards. 1 do ifot complain of it;
they do not complain of it. You needed them,
and you took them. But it raised the price of
this class of labor one hundred percent., and this
added the last straw to the load which even then
had become too heavy to be borne without ruin
and bankruptcy.
The reasons I have thus hurriedly alluded to
would seem sufficient to lay an equitable founda-
tion for relief.
But another exists more controlling than either,
indeed than all of them put together, which seems
to my mind to put their claim beyond all ques-
tion; and that is, that from time to time the De-
partment ordered to be made repeated, substan-
tial, almost fundamental alterations in the work
contracted for.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
from Connecticut yield to a motion to adjourn ?
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I have already indicated
my willingness to have the question taken without
debate. 1 am willing also to yield the floor for any
motion to adjourn, provided this question, which
now has priority, shall go over to be disposed of
to-morrow. [Cries of " No !" " No !"]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Twenty
millions cannot be voted in this House without
discussion.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I am ready for discus-
sion, then, to theend ofthe chapter. Mr.Speaker,
a magnificent, talisman that of the gentleman from
Illinois, that can convert four millions into twenty.
Aladdin's lamp grows dim in the comparison.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
allow us to adjourn ?
Mr. BRANDEGEE. Mr. Speaker, if I yield
for the motion to adjourn will I thereby lose my
risjht to the floor?
"The SPEAKER. The gentleman will not; he
will be entitled to the floor whenever this business
comes up ajjain.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. When will that be?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot state, as
it is habje to be put aside by privileged ques-
tions, motions to suspend the rules, privileged
motions, &c.
