450
THE ,CQ]StGEESSIONAJj GLOBE.
January 27,
Evangelical Lutheran Synod of Missouri, Ohio,
and other States, praying that ministers of the
goapslmay beexempt from military duty; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
eonsent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
413) to establish a certain post road; which was
repd twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr.POMEROY asked,and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 104) for the return of Arkansas to the
Union; which was read twice, and ordSred to he
on the table, and be printed.
Mr. HOWARD asked, and by unanimous con-
sent-obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
"414) to authorize the construction of the North-
ern Pacific railroad eastward to Ontonagon in the
State of Michigan, and provide for its connection
eastward with the Ohio, Indiana, Michigan, and
Canadian systems of railroads at Port Huron, De-
troit, Toledo, Fort Wayne, and Dayton; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mitte on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARRIS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
415) to amend an act entitled " An act to restrict
the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims, and to
provide for the payment of certain demands for
quartermaster's stores and subsistence supplies
furnished to the Army of the United States," ap-
proved July 4, 1864; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee 011 the
Judiciary.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of Freder-
ick Bauer on behalf of the German Evangelical
Church of Martmsburg, Virginia, paying com-
pensation for the burning of their house of wor-
ship while being used by Union soldiers, reported
adversely thereon, and moved that it be postponed
indefinitely; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of George P. Ihrie, late
colonel and additional aid-de-canip 011 the stall'of
General Grant, praying compensation for the loss
of personal baggage and property captured and
burned by rebel cavalry on or about the 11th of
January, 1863, reported adversely thereon, theie
being no case stated, and 110 prooffurnished, and
moved that its consideration be indefinitely post-
poned; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Frederick Miller,
praying indemnification for damages sustained
by hint in being cjected from his residence and
place of business by a surgeon in the United
Slates service, reported adversely, there being no
sufficient proof of the justness of the claim, and
moved its indefinite postponement; which was
agreed to.
He also, froffi the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of .Tamos M. Confer,
late surgeon of the twenty-ninth regiment Indi-
ana volunteers, praying compensation for prop-
erty lost while in the service of the United States,
reported adversely thereon, there being no suffi-
cient proof of the justness of the claim, and moved
that it be postponed indefinitely; which was
agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was lefpitvd the memorial of
Peter Hays, G. F. Reu.iK.;:, ana l"'ucci Aluiibct-
vonc, praying to be reimbursed for loss of cloth-
ing and other personal effects occasioned by the
sinking of the United Slates steamer Sumter on
thenightof the 24th of June, 18G3, reported ad-
versely thereon, and moved 11s indefinite post-
ponement; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same~committee, to whom was
referred the memorial of James N. Carpenter,
paymaster United States Navy, praying compen-
sation for horses and cattle pressed by the Uni-
ted States Army, and for property destroyed by
the battles of Spottsylvania Court-House and the
Wilderness, and for the confiscation of certain
bank stock by the rebel government, reported ad-
versely thereon, and moved its indefinite post-
ponement; which was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition^of Charles De
Arnaud, praying additional compensation for ser-
vices rendered the Government in obtaining val-
uable information concerning the movements of
rebels, at the request of General Rousseau and
other general officers of the Army, reported ad-
versely thereon, and moved that it be postponed
indefinitely; which was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of Henry
Charles De Ahna, praying for the return of $2,000
deposited by him with Jay Cooke & Co., to the
credit of C. V. Hogan, an employe in the secret
serviccof the Treasury Department, and a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 71) authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to dispose of certain moneys
therein mentioned, which relate to the same mat-
ter, reported adversely, and moved that they be
indefinitely postponed; which was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (S. No. 390) relating to the postal
laws, reported it with amendments.
Mr. COWAN, from the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 387) amendatory of an act entitled
"An act to promote the progress of the useful
arts," approved March 3, 18G3,reported it with-
out amendment.
LOCAL IMPROVEMENTS IN WASHINGTON.
Mr. MORRILL. The Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was recommitted the
bill (S. No. 376) to amend an act entitled " An act
to amend an act to incorporate the inhabitants of
the city of Washington, passed May 15, 1820,"
approved May 5, 1864, have instructed me to
report it back with an amendment, and to ask for
its present consideration.
By unanimous consent, the bill was considered
as hi Committee of the Whole.
The amendment was to strike out all after the
enacting clause, nnd in lieu of the words stricken
out to insert the following:
That the act appiovod May f>, 1864, entitled "All act to
amend an act to mcoiporate the inhabitants of the city of
Washington, pasted May 15, 132U," be amended so as to
icnd a* follows: "That tlio said coiporation shall have
lull power and autliothy to lay taxes on particular wards,
pints, or scetjons of the citv, for their particular local
impiovemcuts, ami to cuum* the curb-stout"* to be set, the
foot and can ta<ji' v\ av«, or so much thereof a* they may
deem best, to hegiaded and paved; to intiodiice the ne-
ce^atv sevveiage and diainase facilities under and upon
the whoh: or any portion of any avenue, street, or alley ; to
cause the same to !>« suitably paved and repaired, and at
nil times piopeily cleaned and watered; to cause lamps to
be erected therein, and to light the same ; and to pay the eo«t
thereof, the eoiporation of Washington lsheiehy authorized
to lay and collect a tax upon all property bordering upon
each street or alley that may be paved, seweied, lighted,
cleaned, or watered by said corporation in accordance with
the ptoviMone of tin* act. And also to lay, or cause to be
laid, simultaneously with the grading or paving of any ave-
nne, street, or alley in which a mam water-pipe or main gas-
pipe, or main sower may have been laid,waterorga< service
pjpe* oi lateral house drains, from such water or gas mam or
main sewei to one foot within the em l> line In (rout of every
lot nr su txhvisional pai t of a lot which may bound on sueh
avenue, street, or alley, and to which a gas or water set vice
pipe oj house drain may not have been already laid; and to
pay the cost theieof, shall have full power and authority
to lay and collect a spocial tax on every such lot or subdi-
visional part of a lot."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
was read the third time, and passed.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A mraiagp from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, Chief Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
enrolled bill (H. R. No. 659) making appropria-
tions for the service of the Post Office Department
during the fiscal year ending the 30th of June,
18GG; which thereupon received the signature of
the Vice Piesident.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had passed a bill (H. R. No.
709) to supply deficiencies in the appropriations
for the service of the fiscal year ending the 30th
of June, 1865, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to have that bill
taken up now and read twice.
There being no qbjection, the bill was read
twice by its title,
• Mr. CLARK. I do not desire to have the bill
referred. 1 think the Committee on Finance un-
derstand what it is. It can be laid on the table,
and we will examine it and see if it is like the
other, and then be prepared to act upon it with-
out a reference to the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That disposition
•will be made of it, if there be no objection.
MEXICAN AFFAIRS.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following res-
olution; which was referred to the Committee t>n
Printing:
, Resolved, That five hundred additional copies of the
correspondence on Mexican affairs, heretofore ordered, be
printed for the use of the Senate.
COUNTING OF PRESIDENTIAL "VOTES.
Mr. TRUMBULL submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That a committee consisting of three members
be appointed by the President of the Senate, to join such
committee as may be appointed by tiie House of Repre-
sentatives, to ascertain and report a mode of examining the
votes for President and Vice President of the LTmted States,
and of notifying the persons chosen of their election.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Messrs.
Trumbull, Conness, and Wright, as the com-
mittee on the part of the Senate.
CONDUCT OF GENERAL J. C. BAYIS TO NEGROES.
Mr. WILSON. I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the committee on the conduct of the war
be instructed to'inquire into and report upon the action
of Brevet Major General Jefferson C. Davi^. in preventing;
a number of negroes, who had joined the Army on the
march through Oeoigia, from crossing a creek known as
''Ebenezcr creek," near Savannah, by burning the bridge
after the troops had crossed, on the night of the 8th ol De-
cember last, many of these negroes having been killed by
the rebel cavalry or drowned m attempting to cross the
creek on rafts.
The VJCE PRESIDENT. Is there any ob-
jection to the present consideration of the reso-
lution ?
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I object; let it lie
over.
Mr. WILSON. I <lo not desire to have the
resolution considered this morning. I simply
wish to send to the Chair a paper which I should
like to have read, and then let the whole matter
lie for investigation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The paper will be
read, if there be no objection.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to know what
the character of the paoer is.
The VICE PRES1 DENT. The Chair cannot
tell without its being read.
Mr. GRIMES. Let the whole thing lie over.
If it is a paper attacking General Davis, and the
officers and men under his command, it is not
proper that it should be read in this connection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the paper cannot be read, and the resolu-
tion will lie over.
PASSENGERS ON STEAMSHIPS.
Mr. CONNESS. I offer the following reso-
lution, and desire its present consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to instruct the collectors of customs to enforce the act en-
titled "An act to regulate the carnage~of pa^en^ers m
steamships and other vessels:," approved March 3, 1835,
and the act entitled "Anactfurthei to regulate the carnage
of pa^engeis in steam arid other vessels," appioved July
4, 1864, and all other existing acts of Congress relating to
the carriage of passengers by steamships and other vessels.
Mr. CONNESS. I hold in my hand a paper
addressed to the Senators and members of the
House of Representatives in Congress from Cal-
ifornia and Oregon, signed by a very large number
of the passengers on the late trip of the steamer
Costa llica from Aspinwali to New York, which
I ask to have read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The paper will be
read, if there be no objection.
The Secretary read, as follows:
On Board the Steamer Costa Rica,
At Sea, January 3, 1885.
To the Senators and Members of (he House of Representa-
tives in Congress fiom California and Oregon:
We whose names are hereunto subscribed respectfully
call your attention to the following f-tatemeut:
We left San Francisco on the Uth ot December last in
tb«* ^tonmi'r Golden City.
We paid for tickets to New York in gold coin the sums
chaiged for our passage. At A^umvall we came on board
this btcauicr,and have not been able, great was the crowd,
tn obtain places to sleep Somo of us having no blankets
have purchased them here. We have been compelled to
