1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
451
sleep on deck, and been exposed to the severity of the
weather, and to much suffering, at the risk of damaging
health, and losing life. Few of us have the means or time
to litigate for damages against rich men or rich corpora-
tions. We appeal to you and ask, if you cannot redress
our grievances, that at least you will try to prevent the
repetition of like outrage and cruclty to thousands of your
constituents going by sea to California and Oiegon. Not
only sick men, hut sirk women and children, have been
subjected to much suffering. We have other causes of
complaint—such as have olten been brought to public no-
tice—but cannot dwell-on thorn now.
We earnestly hope, by your efforts, to be able hereafter
to boast that we have a Government whose laws are re-
spected and obeyed by the most powerful and wealthiest
men, while protection is afforded to the weakest and hum-
blest American citizen.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, I shall detain
the Senate but a moment in reference to this sub-
ject. It will be observed that the petition of these
passengers, detailing their sufferings by the trip
referred to of the steamer Costa Rica, makes no
charge of bad treatment or incapacity on the part
of the ship upon which they traveled on the Pa-
cific side; and I desire in what I shall suy, which
shall be veiy brief, to entirely exculpate and ex-
onerate the PacificMail Steamship Company from
any blame growing out of the management of their
line and the carriage of passengers. On the con-
trary, I think they are entitled to commendation,
which 1 am disposed to bear testimony to here.
They furnish, in return for large prices charged
for passage, the best mode of communication per-
haps that is furnished out of any port of the United
States of America to passengers. Theirslups are
large and commodious; they are built with all the
modern conveniences, and with regard not only
to comfort, but, to the extent that it can be se-
cured, with regard to the perfect safety of the per-
sons whom (hey take in charge.
The contrary, however, is the fact in regard to
the ships composing what is known as the At-
lantic Steamship Company, or, m other words,
the company knownas the Vanderbilt Company.
It may be said with perfect truthfulness that there
is not a ship going out of the port of New York
and sailing" fur Aspinwali and back, of all the
ships employed by that line, that is fit to get a
clearance and go to sea. For perhaps more than
two years past such steamships as the Ariel
and the Champion, notoriously unfit and un-
seaworthy, have been employed by the company
of which I have last spoken to transport passen-
gers between these two ports, causing in the
transit by sea the extremest sufferings as well as
the greatest danger to the passengers intrusted to
their charge. In many instances the voyages have
been prolonged, and in every instance where pas-
sengers have olFered m excess of the number al-
lowed by law to go on board those ships and be
carried by them, they have accepted them with-
out any reference to whether they could accom-
modate them or not. I have myself made pas-
sages on their ships when the scene that was laid
before my attention constantly was perfectly hor-
rible to contemplate. Insufficient in regard to the
quality of the ship, insufficient in regard to the
amount of room proportioned to the number of
passengers, insufficient in regard to the food fur-
nished und its quality, insufficient in all respects,
and scandalous to the Ameiican people that ves-
sels in such a condition should be permitted to go
out of such a port as the great commercial metrop-
olis of America. But these things^have gone on
without cure or without remedy being applied.
[twill be remembered that at the lastscssionof
Congress an act was passed which we now simply
ask for the enforcement of. In conveisation yester-
day with the honorable Secretaiy of the Treas-
ury on this subjcct, he said very promptly, " In-
troduce a resolution directing attention to the sub-
ject, and I will enforce the lav/." Our people
will thank that officer for the readiness with which
he is prepared to enter upon this important duty.
There is no more crying abuse than that which
exists at the present time upon this subject. The
Oregon Senators, every citizen of the United
States who travels by these lines, can beai testi-
mony to the exact truthfulness of the statement
made by these sufFeiing passengers.
Not wishing to detain the Senate longer, I ask
for action on the resolution.
Mr. NESMITH. I desire simply to concur in
the statement by the Senator from California in re-
lation to the treatment which passengers receive at
the hands of those managing the company on this
side, and I also concur in what hG has stated in
relation to the treatment which passengers receive
at the hands of the company on the other side.
Those who charge an exorbitant amount for pas-
sage should certainly treat passengers as men
should be treated, and not as brutes. The trans-
ition from the ships on the other side to those on
this side is like that from a palace to a pig-pen;
and I understand that the responsibility rests upon
a very wealthy gentleman of New York, Mr.
Yanderbilt, who, by means of his great wealth,
has been enabled to keep off all competition, while
he has utterly refused to give the people such ac-
commodations as they have paid for. Sir, the
horrors of the passage on this side of the Isthmus—
I have made it frequently and it has been so every
occasion—have only been equaled by what we
read of the terrible miseries suffered in the
" middle passage" by the victims of the African
slave trade. He has destroyed not only the com-
fort and the health but the lives of our people. He
has grown rich by a monopoly which has caused
the saciifice of the lives of many of those who
have attempted to make the trip from the Pacific
to the Atlantic and from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
I have understood that this company is not now in
the handsof this man Yanderbilt; butat least he,
or his son-in-law, Mr. Allen, at present has the
control of it, and I believe that Mr. Allen is act-
uated by the same principle whichgoverned Van-
derbilt, and that is to grasp all the money hecan,
sacrifice the health, comfort, and lives of passen-
gers, and render them no equivalent for what they
pay.
I am very anxious to see the resolutionadopted.
I do not know thatany beneficial result will grow
out of it. I fear not; but as the Senator from
California states that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury has manifested every disposition to cooper-
ate with or to enforce any resolution the Senate
may adopt, I hope that we may effectuate some-
thing by the passage of this resolution. Let us
try it at any rate, and test it. When we fail in
that, we shall have to resort to some other meas-
ure to secure justice against a wealthy, unprinci-
pled monopoly which cares nothing either for the
life, the comfort, or the health of those committed
to its charge for transportation.
The resolution was agreed to.
bill recommitted.
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, the bill (H. R.
No. 222) to extinguish the Indian title to lands in
the Territory of Utah suitable for agricultural and
mineral purposes, was recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
QUOTAS OF THE STATES.
Mr. DAY1S. 1 offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War inform ihe Seriate
how many men in the aggregate, both for the militaiy and
naval scivicc, have boon locruitod in each Stat", and how
many negroes for such services have been reciuited in each
Stale, ami how many negroes have been recruited in the
State of Kentucky, and how many in each county iu said
State, giving under each head aggiegate numbers.
Mr. SUMNER. I think that had better lie
over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will lie over under the rules.
Mr. DAVIS. Allow me to make a single re-
mark.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution is
not open to rcmutk, objection being made to its
consideration.
Mr. DAVIS. I want the Senator from Massa-
chusetts to withdraw his objection. I reckon he
he is at liberty to do that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly lie is;and
when he does so it will be time for the Senator
from Kentucky to make his remarks.
Mr. DAVIS. The Chair interposed and would
not give me an opportunity to ask the Senator to
withdraw his objection. I hope he will withdraw
it for a moment, and let the resolution be read
again. I think he did not understand it.
Mr. SUMNER. I have no objection to its
being read again, but I do not wish to lose the
privilege, of objecting.
Tbe'VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the resolution will be again read.
Mr. SUMNER. For information.
The Secretary read the resolution.
Mr. WILSON. I desire simply to say that
the Committee on Military Affaiis 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution is
not open to any sort of discussion, the Senator's
colleague having objected to its consideration.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator from Massa-
chusetts withdraw his objection, or will he insist
upon it?
Mr. SUMNER. I would rather that the reso-
lution lie over until to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the resolution mustlie over under the rules.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Lloyd, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had agreed to the amendment of the Sen-
ate to the bill (H. H. No. 94) for tfie relief of
Isaac R. Diller, and to the amendment of the
Senate to the joint resolution (H. R. No. 99)
reserving mineral lands from the operation of
all acts passed at the present session granting
lands or extending the time of former grants; and
had passed without amendment the bill (S. No.
363) to amend the charter of the Washington
Gas-Light Company.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bill and joint resolutions,
in which the concurrence of the Senate was le-
quested:
A bill (H. R. No. 714) supplemental to the act
entitled " An act to restrict the jurisdiction of the
Court of Claims," &c., passed July 4, 1864;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 150) to refer the
claim of Selmar Seibert back to the Court of
Claims;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 151) to refer the
claim of George Ashley, administrator de bonis
non of Samuel Holgate, deceased, back to the
Court of Claims; and
A joint resolution (Ii. R. No. 152) to refer the
claim of Danford Mott back to the Court of
Claims.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. CLARK. I ask the Senate now to take
up the deficiency bill.
By unanimous consent, the Senate,as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill (H. R. No. 709) to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the services of the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 1865.
Mr. CLARK. I will state that, as I under-
stand this bill, it is exactly like the deficiency
bill which was before the Senate with the excep-
tion of the second section, which is substantially
the same provision to which the Senate objecti-d
before, but in a little different form. I desire
that that section of the bill be read to the Senate.
It is a short section.
The section was read, as follows:
Sec. 2. Jlwl be it further enacted, That j§38,000 be, mid
the same is hereby, appropriated, to ho adued to the con-
tingent fund of tlie lluuse, to enable tlio House of Rfpic-
sentatives to fulfill its pledges and obligations heretofoie
made, and the same shall be audited and settled on Midi
vouchers aa sliail be produced by the Cleric of the liou-e.
Mr. CLARK. This is in substance the same
provision which the Senate twice struck out from
the bill, but in a little different form. I move now
that the bill be amended by striking out that sec-
ond section; and on that question I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask the Senator from New
Hampshire if the section which he proposes to
strike out is identical with the one on which the
Senate acted before ? ■
Mr. CLARK. It is in substance the same, but
it is in different form. The House ofRepresent-
atives now propose that we shall allow thorn to
add to their contingent fund such an amount as
will enable them to pay their employes. Instead
of a provision reporting it as a deficiency to pay
their employes, they now ask to make it up to
their contingent fund. It is only putting it m
different form. The thing is the same under a
different dress.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then it is not a provision
for a deficiency ?
Mr. CLARK. It is not a deficiency.
The yeas and nays being taken, resulted—yeas
33, nays 3; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buekalew, Chandler, Olark-
Connesa, Davis, Dixon, Uooiittle, Farwell. Foot. Foster,
(Sumes, Hale, Harlan,' Harris, Henderson, Hendricks,
Howe, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Morgan. Moitnl, Pom, fc
eioy, Powell, Ramsey, Sherman, Sprague, Ten
Evelt.Van Winkle, VVilley, Wilson, and VVrielit—
NAYri-Meb-sis. Richardson, Saulsbury, and Wudo---3.
