1218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
land, and Tennessee; and three thousand five
hundred and sixty miles of coast blockaded, ay,
and blockaded so effectually that the share of the
Government in prize money counts by many mil-
lions—the last port closed to all but the avenging
legions now repossessing Wilmington, Charles-
ton, and Mobile.
The deeds of our gallant seamen sufficiently at-
test the power andenduranceof the vessels which
bore them. Those deeds illustrate the regenera-
tion of the Republic, and will live in song and
story only rivaled by the brilliant exploits of our
armies. They place the names of Morris and
Craven beside that ofLawrence; and in Worden,
Foote, Cushing, Winslow, Porter, and Farrogut,
recall the glories of Barney, Preble, Truxton,
Bainbridge, Decatur, and Perry.
Mr. Speaker, in the Rotunda of this Capitol
there is a noble picture representing Perry's great
victory on Lake Erie—the hero himself, as ho
passed amid the fire of the fleet from tho shatteied
Lawrence to the Niagara. I would it belonged
to the nation. We have within a few weeks
passed a resolution which my colleague [Mr.
O'Neill] informs me has been to-day adopted by
the Senate authorizing its artist to execute a paint-
ing commemorative of some sti iking incident of
this war. The subjects are not wanting, but I
could wish that 1 might have the selection from
them.
Proud though it might be, J would not take the
iron-clad contest in Ilnmpton Roads, which waved
the nation, astonished (he world, and marked a
new era in naval warfate; nor piouder still, the
battle off Cherbourg, when in the sight almost of
two false nation:?, the Kearsnrgc—whoso victori-
ous seamen we have this evening voted to compen-
sate—sent tollusocean's*depths thepuah' Alabama,
fit type of the e.ause and the fate of the rebellion;
nor yet tho great armored combat in ('haiioston
harbor, of which the Russian Admiral Lrsollsky,
differing from the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
Davis,] reports that the monitors came out of a
terrible, concentrated, and unprecedented (ite from
the forts almost scatheless; nor even the brilliant
attack upon Fort Fisher, when the Ironsides, Mo-
mulnock,with olliei non-plated as well as wooden
vessels, played so conspicuous a prut. No, sir; 1
would Kcleel tlie iii^ht in Mobile hay; the rebel
ram Tennessee, with her armor broken, herwteer-
ing gear disabled by the monitors, giappled
firmly by them, and about to surrender, while the
great captain, Farrugut—instead of being seated
quietly in the Admiralty Hoard pictured by the
gentluman from Maryland—is lashed to the mast
of the good ship Hartford, where ihe shot and
shell whistled past him, who by common accord
has been deemt d worthy of the mantle of Perry.
Wo need not blush for our Navy—it has been
worthy of us ancient renown, and no critic eau
now with justice mil our iron-clad armaments an
experiment. At leant the expenment has suc-
ceeded so well thatall maritime Powers are prolit-
mg by it. The lesson from the Memmac, m
the language of the London Tunes, reduced the
whole English navy to two ships, the Warrior
and the Black Pi infto; and although on January t,
1WG3, the number wan only increased to four, she
has now twenty-seven iron and wooden armored
vessels, twent y of them sea-going. 1<\ anco has al-
ready eijjht iron-dads afloat, twenty-five building,
and nine in reserve. Russia is not far behind.
Italy hud fifteen armored vessels m 1863; and
Brazil, and Turkey, and Prussia, are fhivmg iron-
clads built in France and ICngland. These are
pi incipally the offspi nig of (he American conflict,
tuwmd which Kuiope still looks wuh absoibed
and increasing luteicst.
Aseaily in that conflict as 1861 the Secretary
of the Navy oft'eitd a chance of competition for
the best mode of constructing these armored ves-
sels, and the result is before the world. With
but little opportunity, as I shallshow, of building
such vessels at national yards, tin- work was
necessarily given to contractors, and to them is
due much of the success which we have attained.
I know there have been errors, und short-com-
ings, and defects, bur, Air. Speaker, those were
the incidents of a now ciention; and wherever
these builders have in good faith done their best,
they should not be deprived of a just profit while
doing the work of the Government and the people.
Nor is this ail. We may soon have to deal
with naval Powers more formidable than the
rebellion. No action or inaction of ours should
cripple these builders ordelay for a day the com-
pletion of armaments which may bring peace to
the country or keep it when brought. As the
commerce of a nation is its wealth, so its navy
constitutes its strength. England, once the
boasted mistress of the seas, never doubted the
proposition; and France, which till of late yeais
paid too little attention to her navy, was never
feared by England so much as now. Only last
year an English writer tremblingly pictures the
result should the navies of Fiance and Italy!—
poor little despised, recreated Italy, which Eng-
land helped about as much as she did Poland or
her cousin of Denmark, and not quite as much
as she helps the confederates—should the navies
of France and Italy " ever pull the horse together."
And as England and Fiance and our Russian
friends recognize this truth, so must we. If
peace comes and stays with us, our Navy must
still be completed and preserved, must be kept
from corrosion and adhesion and decay. Our
vessels will constantly need docking, refitting,
and repairs. That flag which hangs above you,
Mr. Speaker, must still be borne proudly into
every port.
But we must be prepared too for foreign war.
England only provoked us in 1812 because of
our supposed naval weakness. Although her
entire war navy nearly doubles ours, that argu-
ment would not hold good now—our iron-clads
making up for the difference. But she who bul-
lied Brazil at Rio within two years and made no
compliments with China and Japan, still fur-
nishes ships and outfit and harbor to pirates—one
day sympathizes with the Florida, the next her
Canadian children plot incendiarism and incur-
sions o\er the bolder, not so bold as the English
reserve who weie taught a ksson in gunnery on
the Alabama. Throughout this war, against the
advice of her great commoners, false to her
teachings and traditions of liberty, she has sided
against us, playing the enemy lather than the
neutral; and although the queen, under the in-
spiration ofUmon victories, now talks of ivcon-
stiueiion, there is no telling at what momenta
collision might take place.
Still Anther. The President's message says
nothing about Maximilian, it is true. The Mon-
roe doctrine may be m abcyance, but it is still the
settled policy of the country, and this House has
hut responded to the wishes of the people m re-
iterating it. The Power that could spare fifty
thousand troops for Mexico, and steam them
across the Atlantic, is not to be despised; and
even though France be not the aggressor it may
soon be our pioviuce to assert our time-honored
policy and aid the neighbor who is showing her
tyrant that she ts not only a belligerent, but a
\eiy formidable one.
The rebellion, plotted for a third of a century
by a pampered aristocracy, is in its death-strug-
gle. Thousands are seeking the proffered am-
nesty; completed cities leturning to their alle-
giance; States even talking of a shelter beneath
the old flag. The bitterness of our strife may
rankle for a time, but wuh language, blood, mem-
ories and hopes in common, when the leadets of
the conspiracy are punished the armies that have
clashed against ea«h other may yet vie in prowess
to drive the invader from the shores of Mexico.
I say all this, Mr. Speaker, in no spirit of bra-
vado. The wish for war is not " father to the
thought,*' but a wise statesmanship is not blinded
by the glitter of present success. On more than
one occasion since the rebellion commenced we
were on the eve of a war witii Great Britain. The
very proper repeal of a titaty which gave "ieci-
prociiy" only m name is already being miscon-
strued. To protect our commerce and frontier
we must have armaments as well as fortifications
on the great lakes. The Monroe doctrine will be
enforced by the people, perhaps even against the
sanction of the Government. Protection to our
Navy and those who have built it up, increase of
its strength, will, amid the complications which
may arise, not bring war, but ward it off, and
produce an amicable adjustment of the question.
We shall then have a lasting peace, lasting be-
cause other nations will fear to attack us; lasting
because the Union will be one of power as well
as beauty; lusting, for soon slavery, the cause of
discoid between North and South, will have per-
ished from t|ie land.
The Declaration of Independence asseits that
oil men are created equal. Mere m time of war,
but in the mild mode pointed out by the Consti-
tution, we have declared what that declaration
implied, that they of right ovgkt to be ft ce.
The Constitution was funned to form 11 a more
perfect Union," more perfect than the Confeder-
ation that preceded it, which, amid all its defects,
at least declared that "the Utiion shall be per-
petual." Shaking off the heresy of State sover-
eignty, wiping from our escutcheon the only stain
that marred its purity, we can at last stand erect
before the nations, and soon shall proudly point to
the more peifect Union which our fathers fondly
hoped for, won by the very crime that sought to
destroy it. Peace beams upon us from the near
future. Lack of the appliances of war, even amid
the richest means for those appliances, alone
tempted the folly of secession. Let us profit by
the lesson. Europe respects power; by power
alone will the peace be preserved against her.
But, Mr. Speaker, there is a reason more cogent
than any yet mentioned why we should relieve
themeritorious of the ship-builders nowapplying
to Congress. These contractors for iron ships
and steam machinery have nowhere the facilities
which will enable them to fill an agreement made,
as is generally asked, for the shortest possible
time. The Government is their only purchaser,
it is never certain that they will obtain another
contract, and it is not reasonable to demand of
them—in view of these facts it is scarcely within
their legitimate means—to build the heaviest forges
and machinery for the most powerful steam en-
gines, nor can they lay up timber, iron, and other
materials in sufficient quantities to prevent great
loss from the fluctuations in prices at a time like
this. It is the fault of Congress that these con-
tractors are now here; at least there would not
have been so many but for the indifference and
inaction of Congress upon this very subject.
Time and again has the Secretary of the Navy
called attention to the question. First in March,
then in June, then in December, 18G2, and again
in his lrports of December, 1863, and December,
1861, piessing the wantof a great national navy-
yasd wheie alone the piuper facilities could be
obtained, urging the great loss and delay to the
service arising irom the insufficiency of our pres-
ent yards, public and private, and absolutely beg-
ging Congress to take immediate action.
Let me read a brief extract from his last re-
poit:
" To relieve the navy-yards from work which they Iinve
but limited mean* to execute, and to secure iiccc^saiv ic-
pair->, the Dcpnttment had lx en compelled to cMablu-h
stations lor machinery and means ot refitment at Mound
City, Memphis, New Oilcans, Ship [aland, I'eusacola, Key
Wi>t, I'oit Ito\al, Beaufort, Noitolk.and B.iluinore. But
llie«.i: and all the private establishments of the country, be-
sides other oalh upon them, have been insufficient to keep
the piesent Navy in necessary order."
Again he says:
" Weie then; outside of our navy-yards establishments
to pertoim piomptly the icquisite woik in time of war, I
s-houUl not at tlu-  time again piess tho subject of a navy-
\aul lot iion woik for the conductionof vessels upon the
consideration ofourauthorities. Butaltiioogli the .Depart-
ment ii.n genei.illy a[,jy an{] zoalou-iy .seconded m its
dibits by pnvate eontiac-tors, yet the fact that there is no
customer but the Government tor mueii ot this heavy class
ot iion work foibids us to expect that individual enterpme
will be prepared to execute it without lull remuneration
for ail the outlay for shops, tools, and machinery which
may bo required in pieparatiou."
How truthful these statements are, how sad the
lesson they should have taught, may be learned
in the fact that but for delays in completing the
armored vessels ordered by the Department for
the shallow waters and sounds of North Carolina,
we should not now have to sonow over the ter-
rible massacre at Plymouth.
What has been the case in England? The
Warrior, ordered May 11, 1859, to have been
delivered in July, 18G0, was not finished until
October, 1861. Her contract puce was <£210,000,
and the Government had to pay for her £254,000.
The Black Prmce, ordered October G, 1859, to
have been delivered October 10, 1860, was not
finished until after January, 1862, and her cost
was incieased fiom £230,000 to £250,000. The
Defense was not delivered until four months after
contract; the Hector and Valiant seven months,
and the Resistance ten months after. Yet these
English contractus have great iron-shtp-yards
on the Thames, Clyde, Mersey, Tyne, Wear,
Tees, Avon, &c.—the combined capacity of all
