1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
453
advice to the President, but the obligation of the
President. He proposes that the President shall
be nottmly advised, but directed to pursue the
policy mentioned in the resolution, and we as-
sume that it is in thepowerof Congress inamat-
ter of this sort to control the President in the man-
agement of prisoners. He does not mean to leave
to the President any discretion. I speak now of
the origirial amendment. His presentamendment
bearing upon this subject I will recur to in a mo-
ment. He says the President shall at once starve,
torture, poison, refuse medicine to the sick, and
surgical attendance to the wounded prisoners of
the enemy, and if all will not do, if we become
tired of the slowness of the remedy, the President
is directed to have the poorvictim of the chances
of war assassinated.
Now, Mr. President, what is the other amend-
ment proposed by the member from Ohio? -
Mr. WADE. I have offered but one.
Mr, JOHNSON. I mean the other part of the
amendment. You have offered one; but that is
made up of two provisions.
Mr. WADE. It is one amendment.
Mi\ JOHNSON. It is one amendment, but
there is always in every good thing, and the Sen-
ator intends this as a good thing, more than one
proposition. He proposes to strike out ail that
part of the original resolution which directs the
President to subject the prisoners taken from the
enemy to precisely the same kind of treatment
that our prisoners receive, and to substitute for it
what I will read:
And that the executive and military authorities of the
United States are heieby directed-—
Not advised—
to retaliate upon the prisoners of the enemy in such man-
ner :nid kind as shall bo effective in deterring him iiom the
papulation m future of eiuc;l and baibaious treatment of
our ^nidieis.
Not " as he shall judge to be effective," but
"as shall be effective." He does not leave it to
the President to decide whether any such meas-
ures of retaliation are necessary; he directshim
to retaliate upon the prisoners of the enemy " in
such manner and kind as shall be effective."
What will the President have a right to say ? The
Senate of the United States have before them a
proposition to retaliate in kind, starvation for
starvation, torture for torture, assassination for
assassination, exposure for exposure, and we are
about to tell him that he must take the subject
into his own hands, and measure out precisely
the degree of punishment to prisoners in our hatids
as he shall deem neccssary to prevent a recur-
rence of like enormities upon our prisoners in
their hands. When is he to do it? The honor-
able membersays it was not his purpose, nor will
that be the effect of the resolution, to commence
the work of retaliation at once, not to punish for
past offenses. I certainly have no right and would
be the last man in the Senate to question the sin-
cerity of any purpose that the honorable Senator
says he entertains; butlsubmilto him whether, if
hisamendmentshould be adopted as he proposes,
the President is not to resort forthwith to retalia-
tion. If his amendment striking out and insert-
ing should be adopted, the resolution will read:
That in the judgment of Congrr-* it ha« bceomc justifi-
able and ncce^ary that the Pret-ident should, in onicr to
prevent the continuance and recii! rcnce of such bai ban tics,
and to in-ute the ob&eivance by the iiiMtigents of the laws
of civilized war, resott at once to measures of jetdlumon.
Then comes in his amendment that the Presi-
dent shall adopt such measures as shall be effect-
ive. I have a right to assume that the Presi-
dent is as patriotic as the honorable member from
Ohio; that lie is as anxious to put an end to those
barbarities as any member of the Senate; and
that he may, therefore, do precisely what the
honorable member tells us he will do. That, as
} said just now, is a power I would not give to
the Piesidcnt. i would not let him, if I could
prevent it, resort to measures of retaliation of this
description; and yet it is manifest that if we
adopt a measure such as this will be after it shall
have been amended as proposed, by the honorable
member from Ohio, the President will be directed
at once to retaliate. Retaliate how? "In kind;"
and that is what the honorable Senator means.
He is to retaliate in kind; so that at last we come
up to the question; first, whether, if we had the
power, it is expedient to exercise it; second,
whether we have the power. By power I mean
the right.
Now, is it expedient to exertit even if we have
the legal power to exert it? The honorable mem-
ber assumes that the starvation of the fourorfive
thousand, or the twenty or thirty thousand, or
whatever may be the number of prisoners now in
our hands, will preventthe starvation of the thou-
sands who are in the hands of the enemy or may
hereafter come into the hands of the rebel enemy.
Does he know it! Who can? If the rebel gov-
ernment was privy to the enormities practiced
upon our prisoners, they are to be restrained by
no moral restraint. Everybody will concede that.
They are brutes in the form of man; theyare sav-
ages worse than the wildest Indian that ever ran
loose on the prairies; and nothing like moral re-
straint will prevent their continuing these barbar-
ities. Suppose they do; are we to continue them?
Then what will the woild say? What would any
man say if he had the power in his own hands?
What will the voiceof Christian civilization say?
That such barbarities must be arrested. Other
nations have an interest in it. They cannot stand
by and see the people of the United States become
a band of savages, not fighting in honorable war-
fare, meeting the foe face to face, but after he has
succumbed and yielded to the power exerted
against him by either side and gets into the hands
of either party, the work of extermination is to
begin in the most odious and disgusting form ever
known to civilized man. Would not one man, if
a Christian, having the power, arrest it? Who
can doubt that? Will not the nations of Chris-
tendom be called upon to arrest it? Will the God
of justice fail to proclaim that it is their duty to
arrest it?
Hut then what is to become of the Union?
Where is the struggle to end? From the first 1
never doubted how it would end ifconducted upon
high, elevated principle. I never for a moment
questioned that the time would come, and as 1
think it should have come before, and would have
come before if the armies of the United Suites had
been propnly used, but that the time whs sine
to come when the rebellion would be frustrated
and the authoiity of the Government reinstated;
and no matter what may happen, no matter what
course from time to time the United Slates or the
rebels may adopt, I shall continue to entertain
the same expectation, and shall continue till the
last ray of hope is extinguished in the darkness
of perpetual night. Hut let us turn as against
each other the arts of the savage; let us proclaim
war to the knife, and, what it but little worse, a
resort to such measures as arc contemplated by
this resolution, and the other side continue to
meet us in the same way—I speak it with due re-
spect to those who entertain a different opinion
about this resolution—we shall no longer have the
support of the God of justice; the war ought to
cease; the destruction of the Union, the end of
the freest constitutional Government that ever ex-
isted will have come, and ought to come if it is to
be supported onlybya resort to savage methods.
If we began this career, and if we should stop
at the end of a year or two or three or ten years,
what sort of a Union should we have? How long
could we live together with a Union so restored >
Years in the life of a Government are but as mo-
ments. How long would it be that the honora-
ble member's descendants, and my descendants,
if it were possible to suppose that we were on
opposite sides of this rebellion, and he and I re-
sorted to such acourse as is recommended by these
resolutions—how long would it be before our de-
scendants, after a temporary arrest, should have
occurred, would again be cutting each other's
throat?, trying to see which could starve the
soonest, trying who was most expert in the arts
of assassination, who could torture most, who
could starve slowest, who could expose longest
to the destructive influence of the elements, who
could keep alive longest by refusing surgical and
medical aid to the pnsoner whom he may get into
his hands? Success in such acontest—my friend
will pardon me for saying it—is but infamy.
Then as a matter of policy, if I am right,
assuming the power to exist, we ought not to |
adopt it. Have we the power? The honorable'
member from Ohio, my friend from Michigan,
and the honorable member from Missouri [Mr.
Brown] have told us, and told us properly, that
the right to retaliate is recognized by the laws of
war. We nil know that.
Mr.WADE. Thenwhatareyoudebatiftgaboutr
Mr. JOHNSON. The question is as to the
extent that you say the rightgoes. Likeallother
rights 
Mr. WADE. If you stop short of making it
effectual, you had better not begin.
Mr. JOHNSON. Perhaps not. I will speak
of that by and by. There are some things that
should not be accomplished at all if they cannot
be accomplished except by the perpetration of an
enormous crime. The power of retaliation exists
as a right of war, everybody admits; bin has it
no limitation in this age of the woild ? My friend
from Michigan has told us that he has gone
through all the authorities cited by Halicck in his
system of international law, and he has looked
everywhere else to find whether there was any
authority that limits the exercise of this right of
retaliation, and has found no authority which
looks to such a limitation. The honorable mem-
ber is clearly mistaken.
Mr. HOWARD. "Limited by necessity"
was my language'.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then necessity limits it?
Mr. HOWARD. That is what I said; and
that is the only limit.
Mr. JOHNSON. Sol understood you; and
now, with due deference to the better judgment
and greater research of the honorable member
from Michigan, I say, and should say with per-
fect confidence, if he had notexpressed adifferent
opinion, that there is a very clear and defined
limit. You can retaliate to accomplish a purpose
in such cases, but there are cases in which you
have no right to retaliate in kind; and justin pro-
portion as the honorable member from Michigan
described graphically, so as to cxcite the indig-
nation of all, the enormities practiced upon our
pnsoners, just m that proportion did he go to
prove that there was no authority to retaliate.
The necessity in the contemplation of the law of
nations terminates when retaliation becomes cru-
elty, and offensive to the laws of God and man.
Let me imagine a case. I speak to humane men;
I speak to Christian men. Suppose these rebels
were to burn five hundred of our prisoners at the
slake; would you burn five hundred? Can you
find any book which will justify you in saying
that you could retaliate in that way?
Mr. HOWARD. Does the Senator from Mary-
land desire an answer?
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, in such a
distressing case ua that to which the Senator has
alluded, if I were a commander in the field I
should certainly forbear as long as reason and my
duty to my country and my countrymen would
allow; but should I finally discover that it was
the persistent purpose of the enemy to burn my
prisoners who should fall into his hands, if he
should repeat the process so many times as to
make it perfectly obvious to me that that was his
settled usage and rule of conduct, and if I should
discover to my own satisfaction that the only
effectual mode of arresting the outrage was t®
punish his prisoners in my hands in kind, hor-
rible and revolting as the spectacle might be, I
should feel it my duty to my country and to my
army to burn his prisoners also. I should regard
the necessity of the case as the only limit to the
rule, because (if the Senator will allow me) there
must be some way of restraining and punishing
and preventing these terrible barbarities; and the
only way, as 1 said before, it seems to me, would
be to punish in kind, after having waited a reason-
able length of time and resorted to all other reason-
able modes of preventing the evil.
Mr. JOHNSON. J do not think after that that
my friend from Ohio can say the honorable Sen-
ator from Michigan is a " weak brother."
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir; not a bit of it.
Mr. WADE. I did not say he was before. I
said there were weak brothers. I did not desig-
nate them.
Mr. JOHNSON. He is not one of them,cer-
tainly. Then suppose the enemy we were con-
tending with were savages, and they put their
prisoners to the stake, subject to the slow fire,-
and, to make the punishment, as they thinkmore
effectual, dance around the prisoner while he is
burning to death. My friend from Michigan, I
suppose, if he was directed to perform the duty,
and the recurrence of the same outrages could not
be prevented in any other way, would be found
leading the dance ! " Necessary," says the hon-
