454
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
or&bte member. The savage thinks it necessary,
and the dance in the eyes of the barbarian is that
which gives poignancy to the punishment. Noth-
. ihg else will do it; he is to get his platoon or his
regiment of soldiers around the funeral pile, and
my friend will lead in the dance! How long
would he be able to continue it without falling
down in very shame and calling upon God to par-
don him?
Mr. HOWARD. The dance is mere savagery
of the process.
Mr. JOHNSON. There is nothing savage in
the burning itself; the burning is a great deal more
iunoeent than the dance! I should rather think
that of the two the dance was much the more
innocent.
But, Mr. President, I have said all that I pro-
posed to say upon that, except to add that, highly
us I esteem the authority of my friend from Michi-
gan, who is fresh from the books, and in the daily
habit of applying, and successfully applying, his
knowledge on this particular branch of jurispru-
dence, I am rather inclined to lean with somewhat
of more confidence upon the opinion of Professor
Lieber. He,is not only a jurist in the general
acceptation of the term, but he is a publicist of
the highest possible reputation. His thoughts
have been turned to this subject from the com-
mencement of the war; that is to say, have been
turned to the subject of the manner in which the
war Was to be carried on; they have been speci-
ally directed of late to this particular measure; and
he tells us that there is notonly no such principle
to be found in the doctrine of retaliation us known
to international jurisprudence, but that it is ab-
horrent to that doctrine.
Mr. HOWARD. He expressly admits the
doctrine of retaliation.
Mr. JOHNSON. Of course he does; so do I;
and the only difference between us is how far are
you to go. The honorable member from Michi-
gan maintains that there is no limitation except
such as you may think necessary to accomplish
the purpose. The law says there is a limitation,
and the power terminates at cruelty.
Mr. WADE. There is no necessity before
cruelty begins.
Mr. JOHNSON. I mean savage and barba-
rous cruelty, such as has never been practiced, at
least since the termination of the sixteenth cen-
tury; but if I had any doubt whether I could rely
with more confidence upon the opinion of Profes-
sor Lieber than upon the opinion of the honora-
ble member from Michigan, that doubt would be
removed if I could find that the opinion of Pro-
fessor Lieber was supported by that of Chancel-
lor Kent. I need not cite the passage referred to
by my friend from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,]
in which Chancellor Kent tells us that according
to> the modern laws of war the ancient doctrine
nolongerexists. At one time the indiscriminate
slaughter of the prisoners was supposed to be the
right of war. At another time, the first step in
civilization, the captor might sell them as slaves.
At another time, civilization still going on, he
could discharge them upon ransom. Still pro-
gressing under the mild but powerful influence of
the doctrines taught by the Saviour of men, the
principle of exchange took its place. The world
has become humanized. The cause of His ad-
vent upon earth was to humanize, to civilize, to
change man's corrupt nature; to make man what
God intended him to be, a brother and not a sav-
age. And since the termination of the sixteenth
century I defy the honorable member from Mich-
igan to point out a single instance in which retal-
iation anything like that which is proposed in
this resolution has ever been resorted to.
He quoted the act of 1813, passed under the
Administration of Mr. Madison during the war
of 1812. 1 do not know that the honorable mem-
ber read it; but the retaliation authorized there
was a retaliation—I use nearly the words of the
act—that should be consistent with the rules of
civilized war. Let me be sure that 1 am correct
as to the phraseology of that act. It is the first
section:
''The President is hereby authorized to cause full and
ample retaliation to be made"—
How? To what extent? To the extent that
may be necessary to accomplish the purpose?
No—
" full and ample retaliation to be made, according to the
laws and usases of war"—
Among savages? No—
" among civilized nations."
So at last that act brings us back to the ques-
tion, what, according to the laws of civilized na-
tions, can be done under the system of retaliation?
If I am right, it cannot be carried to the extent
proposed by this resolution.
Now a word, before I close, as to the particular
question before the Senate. The honorable mem-
ber from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] suggests
a recommitment of the whole subject to a com-
mittee. To that I have no individual objection.
I think it very likely it would result in bringing
before us a proposition in which we could all
unite; but his colleague [Mr. Sumner] a few days
ago introduced a series of resolutions by way of
amendment, and for those 1 could vote with great
pleasure; they state, as I think, very correctly
the true doctrine. My friend from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Clark] has an amendment to which
I object, because, as I think, it is so couched as
to give the President the right to retaliate pre-
cisely in the same way in which we say retalia-
tion shall be carried on by the original resolution.
The honorable member from Missouri [Mr. Hen-
derson] proposes the appointment of a commis-
sion. Why should we not have it? My friend
fromOhio [Mi. Wade] tells us he is not for send-
ing any commission to that rebel and political
apostate, Jeff. Davis. Why not? It is too late
now to debate whether we should consider this
war as a war to be conducted on principles appli-
cable to an international war, so far as relates to
the manner in which prisoners are to be treated.
Exchanges have been carried on, and if the object
of the commission as proposed by the honorable
Senator from Missouri is to effect a remedy for
the wrongs of which we have been complaining,
through the instrumentality of a commission,
what possible objection can there be? Whether
we are to enter into a negotiation which is to lead
to peace is quite another question.
Before the late political campaign, if I may be
permitted to go out of the subject immediately
under debate, one of the political parties of the
day suggested as a part of their platform the
commencement of a negotiation to terminate the
struggle; and that was very violently opposed
and denounced by those who supported the re-
election of the then incumbent and now incum-
bent of the presidential chair. It was considered
almost evidence of treason. And yet if my friend
fromOhio is right m his conjecture, and 1 take it
forgranted he is right, a minister almost plenipo-
tentiary has gone down there for the purpose of
some negotiation which is to look to a termina-
tion of the war. If the President of the United
States has the power to send down a commissioner
to negotiate with these rebel authorities in order
to terminate the war, what possible objection can
wo have (falling short of him in that particular)
to constitute a commission for the purpose of as-
certaining whether the barbarities to our prison-
ers, of which we complain, may not be arrested
and the condition of the prisoners on each side
very much ameliorated? I can see none.
Now, let it not be for a moment understood,
either by the members of the committee or by
those who differ from me and differ from those with
whom I concur, that we are not anxious to put
an end to the cruelty to these prisoners, I have
heard of cruelty practiced by some of our own
subordinates on prisoners in our hands. I have
heard of some being shot here within sight of the
Capitol for looking out of a window. I have
heard of thousands dying by improper treatment.
To a certain extent, I fear, these things are true.
In a war like this it is impossible to have always
fit men in office; there will be brutes found on
both sides; and would to God that I could believe
we have not had a few on our own side.' We
denounce them when we discover them; but the
enormities which they perpetrate are perpetrated
before there is any discovery. What 1 want,
therefore, is such a system of exchange as may
put an end to these cruelties in the future, leaving
the past where it is, leaving the rebel governmen t,
if they have resorted to the enormities stated in
this resolution, as I have no doubt they have, to
the judgment of the civilized world, which will
pronounce a judgment of infamy against all who
are concerned in them. Leave it to stand where
it is. Take care of the future, and let the past take
care of itself, or, if possible, be forgotten.
^Mr. President, I think that there is very great
cause of censure somewhere for the failure to ex-
change prisoners, The honorable, member from
Iowa [Mr. Harlan] says, and no doubt he is
right in point of law, that there is no obligation
under the laws of nations to exchange at all.
That I admit. Itis a question for each of the bel-
ligerents to decide for himself, whether it will be
advantageous to him, looking to a successful ter-
mination of the war, to exchange. He is right in
saying that there are cases m which, if a belliger-
ent thinks it is better for him to keep the prison-
ers he has, than to get back those of his own army
that the other belligerent has, he may pursue that
course. That is the strict right; but my friend
from Iowa will find, if he looks at the books upon
the subject, that there is connected with it this
principle, that there exists in such cases the high-
est„moral obligation to take care of your own men
when they shall be captured, and to rescue them
from the captivity to which they have been sub-
jected. Going upon the field, risking their, lives
in your defense, and by the chances of battle be-
coming the prisonersof theenemy, the bookssay
that it is the highest duty (not as between one
belligerent and the other, but the highest duty as
between the belligerent whose prisoners have been
captured and the prisoners) to resort to every pos-
sible step to rescue them from their sufferings.
I am not here to censure the President of the
United States; I do not know that he has not done
everything that he could do; but I mean to say
this, (pronouncing the opinion hypothetically,)
that if he has purposely refused to exchange upon
any ground that the exchange would inure more
to the benefit of the enemy than of ourselves, he
has perpetrated a high crime as against the sol-
diers of the United States; and if the difficulty at-
tending the exchange is of another description, if
he refused upon the ground that the enemy would
not deliver the Africans whom they have taken in
battle, while they were willing to exchange man
for man of white soldiers, he has committed almost
as great a crime. 11 by no meansfollows, because
he cannot relieve the sufferings of a black soldier,
that if he has the power to relieve the sufferings
of the white soldier he should not exert it. The
black is in no worse condition by rescuing the
white. He is in a better condition, for when the
white is rescued the armies of the United States
are replenished. Now, whatever may have been
the cause of the failure to exchange I do not know
with anything like certainty. My opinion is that
therejis nothing which should have prevented an
exchange; and if the President of the United States
wasadvised that these enormities were being prac-
ticed, our men being starved and tortured and as-
sassinated, and he had reason to believe that that
system of barbarity was to be continued, then he
committed if possible a still higher crime in not
resorting to a system of exchange if he could re-
sort to it. But, as I have said, 1 have no purpose
of finding fault with the President of the United
States.
I do not entirely agree with the honorable Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania [Mr.Cowan,] who sup-
poses that we have no authority to legislate on
this subject. I think over the exchange of pris-
oners and the treatment of prisoners Congress
has authority. The executive duty is to carry
out the laws of the United States passed in pur-
suance of the authority conferred upon the Con-
gress of the United States by the Constitution;
and, as I think, among the laws which Congress
are authorized to pass, is a law to provide for the
manner in which prisoners shall be treated, and if
Congress shall so legislate, it will be the duty of
the President to carry out its provisions.
I conclude then, Mr. President, with saying
that I shall vote for the reference suggested, and
when the subject shall be before the Senate again,
if the proposition shall come in a form which is
to apply the doctrine of retaliation prospectively,
without empowering the President to go beyond
the limits to which I think the doctrine is sub-
ject, I shall vote for the proposition.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I have listened
to this debate with a good deal of interest. I
purposed in the outset of it to give my vote for
this resolution; and seeing the resistance which
it met, and the sources from which that resist-
ance came, I felt under obligation to listen with
a view of informing myself, if it were possible to
do so from the debate, how and wherein I was
