1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1223
Mr. MORRILL. I should like to have the
chairman explain precisely the alteration which
is contemplated by the bill.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senatorpermit me
to make the explanation?
Mr. MORRILL. Certainly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
hiving expired, it becomes the duty of the Chair
to call up the unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. CONNESS. I appealto the Senator from
Ohio to allow us to dispose of this bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would not give way un-
der any consideration for any business. This
bill has consumed the morning hour.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask the Senator from Maine
to take my word in the premises that the Gov-
ernment bonds are not required to be issued one
hour in advance of what they were required un-
der the other act, and not one dollar extra. I ask
for a vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope the Senator will give
us a vote.
Mr. HOWARD. We have nothing further to
say, and I hope the vote will be taken.
Mr. BROWN. I appeal to the Senator from
Ohio to allow us to take a vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the Chair will put the question. The
question is on the passage of the bill.
The bill was passed.
MESSAGE PROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. M<JPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had agreed to the
resolution of the Senate to suspend the 16th and
17th joint rules of the two Houses for the residue
of the session.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the following bills and joint resolu-
tion, in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 535) to further regulate the
appointment of admirals and fur the appointment
of certain volunteer officers t6 the regular Navy;
A bill (H. R. No. 605) to increase the pay of
midshipmen and others;
A bill.(H. R. No. 800) to establish the office of
Solicitor and Naval Judge Advocate;
A bill (H. R. No. 801) to amend certain acts
relating to the naval service, and for other pur-
A bill (H. R. No. 803) to revive in part the act
approved March 3, 1857, making appropriations
for the naval service for the year ending 30th of
June, 1858; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 176) authorizing
the Secretary of the Navy to advance to Paul S.
Forbes $250,000 additional out of the sum to be
paid him under his contract for building a steam
screw sloop-of-war. /
LOAN BILL.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
proceed with the reading of the bill now before
the Senate, which is the tax bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. Pending that bill, and with-
out intending to displace it, I ask leave to report
from the Committee on Finance the bill (II. R.
No. 772) to provide ways and means for the sup-
port of the Government, without amendment; and
I ask the consent of the Senate to put it on its
passage.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill.
The bill authorizes the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to borrow, from time to time, on the credit
of the United States, in addition to the amounts
heretofore authorized, any sums, not exceeding
in the aggregate $600,000,000, and to issue there-
for bonds orTreasury notes of the United .States,
in such form as he may prescribe; and so much
as may be issued m bonds are to be of denomina-
tions not less than fifty dollars, and may be made
payable at any period not more than forty years
from date of issue, or may be made redeemable,
at the pleasure of the Government, at or after any
period not less than five years nor more than forty
years from date, or may be made redeemable and
payable as may be expressed upon their face;
and so much as may be issued in Treasury notes
may be made convertible into any bonds author-
ized .by this act, and may be of such denomina-
tion, not less than fifty dollars, and hear such
dates, and be made redeemable or payable at such
periods as in the opinion of the Secretary of the
Treasury may be deemed expedient. The interest
on such bonds is to be payable semi-annually; and
on Treasury notes authorized by this act the in-
terest may be made payable semi-annually, or
annually, or at maturity; and the principal or
interest, or both, may be made payable in coin
or in other lawful money; but the rate of interest
on any such bonds or Treasury notes, when pay-
able in coin, is not to exceed six per cent, per
annum; and when not payable in coin is not to
exceed seven and three tenths per cent, per an-
num; and the rate and character of interest are
to be expressed on all such bonds orTreasury
notes; and the act entitled "An act to provide
ways and means for the support of the Govern-
ment, and for other purposes," approved June
30, 1864, is to be so construed as to authorize the
issue of bonds of any description authorized by
this act. Any Treasury notes or other obliga-
tions, bearing interest, issued under any act of
Congress, may, at the discretion of the Secretary
of the Treasury, and with the consent of the
holder, be converted into any description of bonds
authorized by this act; and the bonds so author-
ized are to be considered a part of the amount of
$600,000,000 authorized by this bill.
The second section authorizes the Secretary of
the Treasury to dispose of any of the bonds or
other obligations issued under this act, either in
the United States or elsewhere, in such manner,
and at such rates, and under such conditions as
he may think advisable, for coin, or for other
lawful money of the United States, or for any
Treasury notes, certificates of indebtedness, or
certificates ofdeposit, or other repiesentatives of
value, which have been or may be issued under
any act of Congress, and at his discretion to issue
bonds or Treasury notes authorized by this act
for any requisitions for materials or supplies
which shall have been made by the appropriate
Department or offices upon the Treasury of the
United States, on receiving notice in writing
through the Department or office making the
requisition that the owner of the claim for which
the requisition is issued desires to subscribe for
an amount of loan that will cover the requisi-
tion or any part of it; and all bonds or other
obligations issued under this act are to be exempt
from taxation by or under State or municipal
authority.
The third section applies to all the bonds and
other obligations issued under this act, all the
provisions of the act entitled "An act to provide
ways and means for the support of the Govern-
ment, and for other purposes," approved June
30, 1864, in relation to forms, inscriptions, de-
vices, and the printing, attestation, sealing, sign-
ing, and counterfeiting, with such others as are
applicable; but nothing contained in this act is to
be construed as authorizing the issue of legal-
tender notes in any form; and a sum not exceed-
ing one per ccnt. of the amount of bonds and
other obligations issued under this act is appro-
priated to pay the expense of preparing, issuing,
and disposing of them.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment. *
Mr. McDOUGALL. I desire simply to re-
mark that this bill is one of the same quality with
the various bills that have been introduced for
the purpose of carrying on the finances of the
Governmentsince thecommencement of this war.
It does not indicate any policy. It is a loose
measure, evidently framed by one who did not
know what he or what the act itself proposed to
accomplish. It is one of an entire elass belong-
ing to the legislation of this war with regard to
our finances. It is time that this should be cor-
rected. I have not the opportunity of course to
correctit; 1 am not in any position even to advise
upon it; but I wish to remark that this is false
legislation and false policy.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am of course not only will-
ing but desirous to pass all bills necessary to
support the Government; but I should like to be
informed by the chairman what will be the effect
of this bill upon the bonds or notes to be issued.
It provides in the third section that the bonds or
notes to be issued arc n$t to be legal-tender notes;
but then it gives an authority to issue notes and
bonds to any amount exceeding fifty dollars. If
they are issued in the form of bonds or in the form
of notes, it seems to me it will swell the currency
very considerably; and if it does so, and our na-
tional banks exert the whole authority with which
they are invested, we shall have a much more
inflated currency than we have now. The effect
will be still more to depreciate the true legal stand-
ard of value. I do not know whether it will
have that effect or not, or whether it was designed
to have that effect or not; but it seems to me.it
will have that effect.
Mr. SHERMAN. I made the only statement
here the other night that is necessary in regard to
this bill. It is a bill very much like the last loan
bill that we passed authorizing the loan of money.
It authorizes a loan of $600,000,000, either in the
form of Treasury notes or in the form of bonds.
It contains the same provisions almost as the last
loan, except that the currency interest under this
bill will continue for five years instead of for three
years. The proviso to the third section was in-
serted-to prevent this money from bearing the
legal-tender clause. It is issued as an ordinary
loan. I do not know that any statement that I
could make could make the language any clearer
than the bill itself. It is a simple continuation of
the present system of borrowing money upon
bonds and Treasury notes, leaving the character
of the securities almost entirely in the discretion
of the Secretary from time to time. There are
one or two other provisions in it, but they are
provisions of obvious meaning and obvious im-
port. One is to authorize creditors of the Gov-
ernment, in case they desire it, to receive these
bonds at par in payment of their debts. That
provision is intended to save the circumlocution
of selling the bonds for money and paying the
money. I do not know that there is any other
provision in the bill that is new, or that is not al-
ready contained in our previous loan laws.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think there is very great
importance in the suggestion which the Senator
from Maryland has brought to the notice of the
Senate. 1 do not know that it will do any good,
and hardly expert that u will, to make any^sug-
gestion in regard to this issuing of more Treas-
ury notes; but it is manifest that the effect of this
bill, notwithstanding theclause in the last section
which declares that the Treasury notes shall not
be a legal tender, will be to swell the volume of
the currency, if the Secretary thinks proper,
$600,000,000 beyond what it now is, by issuing
Treasury notes bearing interest at six per cent.
I should be glad to see stricken out of this bill
all about the issue of interest-bearing Treasury
notes. I have in my pocket now a fifty-dollar
Treasury note drawing compound interest at six
per cent. It has run some eight or ten months.
1 received it in the ordinary transaction of busi-
ness. It has some two years or more to run.
These notes pass just the same as if they were
not paying interest at all; and what is the effect
of that? If you get out $600,000,000 of them,
the Government of the United States would be
paying $36,000,000 in interest for nothing. I
would just as soon have that note without inter-
est as with it.
Mr. COWAN". So would anybody else.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Who then does gain by
issuing these interest-bearing Treasury notes?
Does anybody gam, unless it may be some capi-
talists, brokers, and money-jobbers, who, as my
friend from Maine [Mr. Farwell] says, instead
of retaining in their vaults the legai-tenderTreas-
ury notes with which to meet their obligations,
pay them out, swell the volume of the currency
by paying them out, and retain in their place
these interest-bearing notes; so that the effect of
it is to swell the currency to the same extent as
if it were really so many mor<^ greenbacks* is-
sued. I am informed by my friend from Maine
that these notes which draw five per cent, inter-
est, after running six, eight, or ten months, aie
gathered up by the brokers,and the Government
then takes them back,allowing the interest upon
them; and I believe one of the reports from the
Treasury Depaitment shows that the Govern-
ment of the United States has drawn in several
millions—perhaps six millions at that time—of its
legal-fender non-interest-bearing notes and paid
out legal-tender interest-bearing notes.
Mr. COWAN. That is the intention.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is the intention, says
