1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
459
opposed to the motion ofthe Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Wilson] to recommit; but if after
attempting to amend the resolution we do not
come exactly to the proposition of the Senator
from Ohio, I am not to be set down as against
retaliation. I shall vote against the motion to
recommit now, and am willing to vote upon the
amendments. If the Senate can bring these
amendments into a satisfactory shape to the
Senate and we can pass the resolution when so
amended, I shall be content; but if by and by we
find that we cannot get it in such a shape aS we
thyik we ought to have it in, I shall be at liberty
to move to commit it without being set down as
against retaliation. It is only to exclude such a
conclusion that I make these remarks.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not think the Sen-
ator from Ohio is justified, in the present condi-
tion of the business before the Senate, in what he
says. What is the business of a committee? It
is to prepare the business of the Senate for the
consideration of the body, and to bring it before
the body in proper shape. It is very evident, not
only from the debate, but from the various amend-
ments that have been proposed, that the measure
as it came from the committee was not in accord-
ance with the sentiment ofany considerable portion
ofthe body. An amendment has been proposed
by theSenatorfrom Missouri, [Mr. Henderson,]
another by the Senator from New Hampshire,
[Mr. Clark,] and amendments have been pro-
posed by other Senators. They are all before the
body now, in someshapeor other, either formally
or informally; they ought to be considered; but I
submit to Senators we are not in a condition in
full body to consider these propositions as they
can be considered by the committee. Each prop-
osition can be taken up in the committee, a small
body, and its merits understood; and then, after
a consideration of all the propositions some meas-
ure can be brought before the body that will be
unobjectionable.
I am not willing to stop with a mere proposi-
tion that there shall be retaliation according to
the usages of war. I want to go further, and have
a remedy that is adequate, complete; and I think
that remedy is by an exchange of prisoners. I
think it is proper for this body to express its de-
sire that the Administration shall secure an early
exchange of prisoners. It is not enough to leave
them in the prisons of the South, even if they are
fed m those prisons. The evidence the Senator
from Ohio has brought before the body shows
that many of the prisoners are' sick. I submit to
that Senator, is it possible, even if they are tieatcd
us well as prisoners can be, that they can be re-
stored to health as certainly and as comfortably
there as if they wprc brought to their homes? Let
them be brought to their wives, to their mothers,
to their sisters, to be nursed and restored to health.
That is what 1 desire to see; and I think that the
committee, when they consider this whole sub-
ject, will provide for an expression by the Senate,
in proper terms, of its sentiment upon that ques-
tion as well as upon the other.
I cannot see any objection to the reference.
Why does the Senator say that that brings about a
defeat of the measure ? Does he say that the Com-
mittee On Military Affairs is against the measure ?
Does Ijc say that that committee will not respect
what now appears to be the sentiment ofthe body ?
He is not authorized in making that assumption.
He must assume as a member of the body that
one of the committees, highly respectable, will do
its duty at an early day, and will bring this meas-
ure before the Senate in such a shape as the com-
mittee believe will meet the sentiment ofthe body.
It is our duty to so presume that the committee
will do its duty, and doing its duty, having heard
this full debate, having all these propositions be-
fore it, I do believe that that committee can bring
before us a proposition that will meet the almost
unanimous approval of the body. Believing that,
I esteem it to be my duty to send the resolution
back to the committee. Very little delay need
result. It is a very common practice when the
body differs in opinion upon a subject to send it
back for the further consideration of the commit-
tee, and why not this ? Is this an exception from
all other matters of legislation before us? Let
that committee consider a, and without delay
and at an early day bring this measure again be-
fore the body in the light of this discussion, arid
in the light of the numerous amendments that
have been proposed, in such a shape as will prob-
ably meet with the approval of the entire body.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 will thank the Chair to
state the question that is before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on recommitting the resolution, together with the
amendments and proposed amendments, to t!he
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 shall vote against the re-
commitment of this subject to the Committee on
Military Affairs, because, like my friend from
Ohio, I shall deem such a result asa defeat ofthe
measure entirely in this body. Rather than incur
such a disaster, for I should regard it as a disaster,
I should much prefer to vote for the resolution as
amended by the amendment offered by the hon-
orable Senator from Maine, and I shall vote for
that amendment if I get an opportunity.
Mr. COLLAMER. If I understand it aright,
I believe the proposition of the Senator from
Maine has been accepted by the Senator from
Ohio as a part of his amendment.
Mr. HOWARD. But it has not been adopted
yet by the body.
Mr. COLLAMER. But it will go with the
amendment ©f the Senator from Ohio, he having
inserted it in his amendment.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I say, rather
than recommit the measure, I shall vote for that
amendment; but 1 shall do it without much hope,
I confess, of good results to flow from this retal-
iation put in that form. I shall vote for it, hop-
ing that something beneficial to our prisoners and
our cause may result from it, although the hope
is not very strong; and I will state why, if the
Senate will allow me.
The amendment recommends retaliation, and
stops there. Now, sir, it is to be applied to a
certain state of facts, a state of facts now exist-
ing among our own prisoners in the hands of the
enemy, or hereafter to exist there. We propose
retaliation because we are satisfied that some
wiorjgs aic done to our prisoners m the hands of
the rebels. We propose to remedy those wrongs,
either to punish them, or, for the future, to pre-
vent them. It is one of these two things which
we aim at. TIow are we going to reach this ob-
ject under this term " retaliation?" It is denied,
and possibly the Executive of the United States
may join in the denial, that any cruelty whatever
can be inflicted upon a prisoner of war. By the
laws of war and the laws of nations it is the duty
of the captors to treat their prisoners with kind-
ness and humanity, and to support them by rea-
sonable sustenance, not indulging in any luxu-
ries, but simply bounding their labors by the
convenience and comfort of the prisoners. That
is the extent of the duty of the captors. Now
we are told that we cannot inflict similar distresses
upon the rebel prisoners in our hands because
that would be barbarous; it would be, in the lan-
guage of my friend from Massachusetts, an imi-
tation of the barbarity of the rebels.
What is there, then, to retaliate? If you can-
not retaliate distress for distress, if you cannot
inflict hunger for hunger, and, if you please,
starvation for starvation, exposure for exposure,
shooting for shooting, if that has occurred, pray
tell me what ground is there left for retaliation at
all? That is the point; and it would be the easiest
thing in the world forthe Executive of the United
States, if he shall adopt the principles of my
learned fnend from Massachusetts, to say to our
prisoners in the hands of the rebels, "The laws
of war do not permit me to restrain by retaliation
the cruelties which are inflicted upon you; you
must submit, therefore, to the hard necessities
which you are under, to the cruelties inflicted
upon you, because I cannot relieve you; 1 can-
not retaliate, returning like for like; I can do, in
short, nothing." Suppose he puts this construc-
tion upon your resolution, suppose he adopts the
humanitarian and sentimental doctrine of my
friend from Massachusetts and Piofessor Lieber,
the result will be that he can do nothing and will
do nothing.
Sir, I did propose to go further than this in the
original resolution. The country has waited
month after month with the utmost anxiety arid
impatience for the Executive to do, or attempt to
do, something to prevent these baibarKies and
cruelties exercised upon our prisoners. He has
done nothing. He has not lifted his hand. He
has not raised the voicc of remonstrance even
(certainly not officially) against these barbarities,
and if therefore you do not instruct him specific-;
ally as to the kind of principles which we under-
stand to be retaliation, I beg to know what secu-
rity we have that he will exercise retaliation in
any form, or inflict any punishment whatever for
the crimes that have "been inflicted against our
prisoners, or take one single step by way of pre-
vention? He may adopt the doctrine of Plato, for
aught we know, and say that punishment is in-
flicted not because a crime has been committed,
, but to prevent the commission of crime-in the fu-
ture. Non quia peccatum est> sed ne peccet. But
we know not what he will do. We know, how-
ever, that if he adopts the principles of Professor
Lieber and my friend from Massachusetts, he
will do absolutely nothing, and this whole dis-
cussion will go for nothing, and your resolution
will go for nothing. But still trustingthat he will
give a more sensible construction to the laws of
nations and the laws of war, hoping at least that
some good will come of this, I shall vote for the
amendment as agreed upon by my friend from
Ohio.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I should like to inquire
of the honorable Senator from Michigan before
he takes his seat whether in his opinion, as the
law now stands, the President is authorized to
make retaliation ?
Mr. HOWARD. I do not doubt it at all. I
never entertained a doubt on that subject. The
President of the United States is Commander-in-
Chief of the Army of the United States, and as
such, in the absence of all restraining legislation
of Congress, has authority to execute and carry
into force the entire code of war. We can restrain
him and regulate him if we see fit; but we have
not done so thus far. He therefore has the au-
thority.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. For myself, sir, I have
very serious doubts whether that authority is in
the President unless Congress pass some law on
the subject. In 1799, it seems, the Congress of
that day supposed the President was not so au-
thorized, and passed a law authorizing him to
make retaliation. It seems also that in 3813 the
Congress of the United States supposed that the
Executive had no power to make retaliation upon
British prisoners of war in our hands, and there-
fore they enacted a law conferring that authority
upon the President.
I confess that before this debate began I was
myself of the impression that beyond doubt the
power of retaliation existed in the President in-
dependent of any legislation; but when 1 came to
look into the Constitution, when I heard read the
acts of 1799 and 1813, by which Congress assumed
to confer that power upon the President, 1 had
most serious doubts whether he does possess that
power now without a law of Congress confeiring
that power upon him. The Constitution expressly
gives to Congress the power to make the rogula-
tionsnecessary to govern the land and naval forces,
in these words:
" Congress shall have power to make rulfs for the gov-
ernment and regulation of the land and naval forees."
In another provision it says:
" Congress shall have power to define and punish pira-
cies and felonies committed on the high seas, and offenses
against the law of nations."
The Constitution thus recognizes the law of
nations as the existing law of the land, paramount
even to the Constitution itself, and authorizes
Congress to punish our citizens for the violation
of the laws of nations. By the conferring of the
express power upon Congress " to make rules for
the government and regulation of the land and
naval forces" it seems to me the power is clcarly
given to Congress to pass laws to govern the land
and naval forces even in the treatmontof the pris-
oners of war who are in the hands of the Army
and the Navy.
I confess, sir, that my impression now is dif-
ferent from what it was when this debate com-
menced . My impression, independent of this dis-
cussion and what I have heard here, was that the
President, as Commander-in-Chief, was clothed
with thatauthonty; but when I came to look into
the statute of 1799,and then again into the statute
of 1813,and into the Constitution itself,and even
the Ai tides of War, which lie before me, I am
rather of the opinion that Congress has a respon-
sibility on this subject in order to confer upon
the President the power of retaliation. In these
