1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
Mr. Pomerot and Mr. Spiiague also changed
their votes from the negative to the affirmative.
Mr. WADE. If the Senator from iowa wishes
to address the Senate on this subject, I will not
persist in opposing an adjournment. I change
my vote to the affirmative.
Messrs. Anthony, Clark, Farwell, Lane
of Indiana, Nessiith, Saulsbury, and Wilson
also changed their votes from the negative to the
affirmative.
Mr. PGMEROY. Before the result is an-
nounced, I ask unanimous consent to be allowed
to move that when the Senate adjourns to-day-
it be to meet on Monday next.
Mr. WADE and Mr. CLARK. That cannot
be done.
The vote on the motion to adjourn was an-
nounced—yeas 24, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony, Carlile, Clark, Collamcr,
Cowan, Dooliltlc, Farivell, Foster, Harlan, Harris, lien-
doison, Hendricks, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Nesmilh,
Pomeioy, Suulssbuiy, Sherman, Sprague, Sumner, Wade,
Wtlley, Wilson, and Wright—24.
NAYS—Mcsar*. IJuckalew, Uhandlei, Conness, Davis,
Dixon, Foot, Hicks, Howard, Morgan, Morrill, Powell,
■Ramsey, Riddle, Ten Eyck, Tiuiubuil, Van Winkle, and
Wilkinson—17.
ABSENT — Messrs. Brown. Grimes, Hale, Harding,
Ilowe, Lane of Kansas, McDuugall, and ltichaidj«oii—8.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 27, 1SG5.
The House met at twelveo'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Ciianning.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PRIVATE BILLS.
The SPEAKER. By an order of the House,
this day has been set apart for the consideration
exclusively of private business. The committees
will be called for reports of private bills.
HULL AND COZZEXS AND OTHERS.
Mr. HALE, fiom the Committee on Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of Hull & Cozzcns,
and John Naylor& Co.; which was read a first
and second time, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar, and, to-
gether with the accompanying report, ordered to
be printed.
SELMAR SEIBERT.
Mr. HALE also, from the samccommittec, re-
ported a joint resolution to refer the claim of Sel-
inar Seibert back to the Court of Claims; which
was read a first and second time, ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time, and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HALE moved that the vote by which the
resolution was passed be reconsidered,and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BENJAMIN llOACIX.
Mr. HALE also, from the same committee, in-
troduced a joint resolution for the relief of Ben-
jamin Roach; which was read a first and second
time,referred to a Committee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar, and, with the accompa-
nying report, ordered to be printed.
MORRIS J. WORTIIEIMER.
Mr. HALE also, from the same committee, to
whom were referred the memorial of Morris J.
Wortheimer, asking remuneration for losses sus-
tained by robbery in October, 18G3-, by the rebels
at the time of Shelby's raid, reported adversely
thereon, and asked that the memorial be laid on
the table; winch was agreed to.
GEORGE ASHLEY, ADMINISTRATOR, ETC.
Mr. HALE also, from the same committee,
reported a joint resolution to refer the claim of
George Ashley, administrator de bonis non of
Samuel Holgate, deceased, back to the Court of
Claims; which was read a first and second time,
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time,
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. HALE moved that the vote by which the
resolution was passed be reconsidered, and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table. ^
The latter motion was agreed to.
DANFORD MOTT.
Mr. HALE also, from the same committee,
reported a joint resolution to refer the claim'of
Danford Mottto the Courtof Claims; which was
read a first and second time.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time, and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. HALE moved to rcconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JURISDICTION OF THE COURT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. HALE also, from the same committee,
reported a bill supplementary to the act entitled
"An act to restrict the jurisdiction of the Court
of Claims," &c., passed July 4,1864; which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. HALE. 1 desire to have this bill consid-
ered now.
The bill provides that the provisions of the act
passed July 4, 1864, entitled "An act to restrict
the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims, and to
provide for the payment of certain demands for
quartermaster's stores and subsistence supplies
furnished the Army of the United States," be ex-
tended so as to embrace all claims of teamsters,
laborers, and for hauling supplies to the Army on
the same terms and restrictions as are contained
in the bill to which this is a supplement.
Mr. STEVENS. Do 1 understand thatthis is
further to restrict the jurisdiction of the Court of
Claims?
Mr. HALE. No, sir. We passed a bill last
session allowing the quartermaster to settle cer-
tain claims for supplies furnished for the Army.
This bill proposes to allow the quartermaster to
settle the claims of teamsters and laborers. It
enlarges the jurisdiction of the quartermaster.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, 1 think that is right.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HALE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CHARLES A. PITCHER.
Mr. HALE also, from the same committee, re-
ported back, with a recommendation that it do
pass, bill of the Senate No. 338, for the relief of
Charles A. Pitcher.
Mr. HALE. I ask that the bill be considered
now.
The bill was read. It authorizes and requires
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, to Charles A. Pitcher the sum of $5,000 for
damages sustained by reason of an infringement
of his patent in machinery for making brooms,
and the use of the same in the penitentiaries of
the United States.
Mr. WILSON. That bill makes an appropii-
ation, and must have its first consideration in Com-
mittee of the Whole. I object to its consideration
in the House now.
The bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the accompanying re-
port, ordered to be printed.
SAMUEL BROWNING,
Mr. BROWN, of West Virginia, from the
Committee of Claims, reported a bill for the re-
lief of Samuel Browning, of Memphis, Tennes-
see; which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and,
with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
FREDERICK SHERIDAN.
Mr. BROWN, of West, Virginia, also, from
the same committee, reported a bill for the relief
of Frederick Sheridan; which was read a first and
second time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
J. J. LINTS.
Mr. BROWN, of West Virginia, also, from
the same committee, reported a bill for the relief
of J. J. Lints; which was read a first and second
time, referred ton Committee'of the Whojle House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled an act (H. R. No. 659) making ap-
propriations for the service of the Post Office De-
partment during the fiscal year ending the 30th of
June, 1866; when the Speaker signed the same.
CAPTAIN GARDIN CIIAPIN.
Mr. HOLM AN, from the Committee ofClaims,
reported back, with the recommendation that it
do not pass, bill of the Senate No. 107, for the
relief of Captain Gardin Chapin, seventh United
States infantry, for private property lost and de-
stroyed in the evacuation of Arizona by the Uni-
ted States troops.
The bill, with the accompanying papers, waa
laid on the table.
LIEUTENANT COLONEL JOHN L. GARDINER.
Mr. HOLM AN also, from the same committee,
made an adverse report on the petition of Lieu-
tenant Colonel John L. Gardiner, for compensa-
tion for services in the Mexican war; which was
laid on the table.
C. DUVAL.
Mr. HOLMAN also, from the same committee,
made an adverse report on the petition of C. Du-
val, praying compensation for the occupation of
his house by the military authorities; which wag
laid on the table.
J. T. DANIEL.
Mr. HOLMAN also, from the same committee,
made an adverse report on the petition of J. T,
Daniel, asking compensation for supplies taken
from his farm for the use of United States volun-
teers; which was laid on the table.
ISRAEL DEMING.
Mr. HOLMAN also, from the same committee*
made an adverse report on the petition of Israel
Doming, praying for reimbursement for losses
sustained by congressional legislation in regard
to the currency; which was laid on the table.
P. CHAMBERLAIN.
Mr. HOLMAN asked and obtained leave to
have withdrawn from the files of the House, for
reference to the Committee of Claims, the peti-
tions of P. Chamberlain, and of another.
JOHN A. STEVENS^ REPRESENTATIVES.
Mr. WEBSTER, from the Committee of
Claims, reported back with an amendment in the
nature of a substitute, House bill No. 626, for
the relief of the widow and heirs of John A.
Stevens, deceased, of Springfield, Missouri; which
was referred to the Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar, and ordered to
be printed.
COMMERCE AND NAVIGATION.
Mr. ELIOT, by unanimous consent, reported
back from the Committee on Commerce Senate
bill No. 310, for the promotion of commerce and
the improvement of navigation, and asked that
the bill be printed and recommitted, and that a
minority report be also received and printed.
It was so ordered.
PORT OF PHILADELPHIA.
Mr. O'NEILL, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Commerce, reported back, with an
amendment in the nature of a substitute, a bill
to enlarge the port of entry and delivery for the
district of Philadelphia.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. That is not a private
bill. I object to its being reported now.
Mr. O'NEILL, of Pennsylvania. This bill
should have been reported some days ago, when
the Committee on Commerce was called; but
through some inadvertence it was not reported.
I hope the gentleman from Illinois will withdraw
his objection.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. What action does the
gentleman propose to have taken with this bill?
Mr. O'NEILL, of Pennsylvania. I propose
to have it considered and passed now.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I object.
The SPEAKER. The bill requires unanimous
