1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1227
Here is an appropriation bill appropriating one
hundred millions, more or less, to pay our sol-
diers in the field; and the alternative is presented
to us that the hundred millions shall not be paid
to the soldiers in the field for defending the coun-
try unless the Senate will consent to an illegal
appropriation of §40,000. I am ready to stand on
that issue. I will not do it.
Mr. CLARK. * 1 wish to suggest to my friend
from Maine to withdraw his motion to concur
with the amendment of the House, because I
think it will be better to take the instruction of
the Senate to the committee, and let the bill be
recommitted to the committee for the purpose of
disposing of the other amendments. It would be
taken out of the hands of the committee if his
motion should prevail.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
of the Senator from Maine is notstrictly in order
at this time, there being two motions pending,
one an amendment to the other.
Mr. MORRILL. Very well; I will not press it.
Mr. CLARK. I will say while 1 am up, lest
I should be misunderstood in regard to what I
have stated, that 1 am for standing by the action
of the Senate as heretofore expressed. I am not
for yielding to the House. I think the judgment
of the Senate was right. I am ready to stand by
that judgment, and give my vote with it; but as
tfiis was a matter of so much consequence, I did
not feel that the committee would have discharged
its duty until it had brought it to the notice of the
Senate for its action.
Mr. COWAN. I think the judgment of the
Senate heretofore was right; and if it decides to
vote for the proposition of the honorable Senator
from Oregon I think that judgment will be right.
Both are judgments of the Senate, and both are
equally entitled to respect. 1 intend to vote for
this proposition. 1 do not feel that I have yielded
anything, that I have given up anything. It is
as much a deliberate judgment in "this respect,
and as free from duress, as free from any consti-
tutional restraint or obligation, as any one 1 have
formed since I have been here. I hope the motion
will prevail.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I desire simply
to state, and I hope the country will note, the
precise issue made here. The House of Repre-
sentatives, in violation of the law of the country,
decided to pay their employes a certain sum of
money, twenty per cent, additional to their pay,
right in the face of the law of the country. Now
they make this proposition to add $40,000 to their
contingent fund to enable them to pay their ille-
gal resolution. The Senate, to its honor be it said,
resisted that proposition that violated the laws of
the country. The House of Representatives, by
a small majority—a majority made up of a few
supporters of the Administration and gentlemen
who in that House are arraigning the Adminis-
tration every day for its wild extravagances—in-
sist upon voting this $40,000 to pay for an illegal
appropriation.
Mr. NESMITII. If the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts will permit me, I will state that this
$43,000 embraces a great many other items; and
even if the House should conclude to pay the
extra twenty per cent, to its employes, it will
embrace but a very small proportion of this
amount, and only a small proportion will go to
Mr. WILSON. Only $38,000 out of $43,000
will go to their officers; that is all. 1 will be ac-
curate about it. The rest of it will probably be
used for something else. Now the issue is clearly
presented of losing important measures to support
theGovernmentof the country, to pay the officers
and soldiers of the Army and Navy and carry on
the expenses of the Government, or yielding this
$38,000.
Mr. COWAN. If the Senator will allow me,
is he not presuming that the House will appro-
priate tifis money illegally? It does not follow
now that they are going to pay their employes
for past services twenty per cent, in addition.
Have we any right to presume they will? I should
think, when we show the magnanimous example
of yielding in this way, letting them have their
own way, and putting it within their control,
perhaps they may reconsider their action and not
do the thing which we deprecate; at least we have
no right to presume they will, I will not presume
they will.
Mr. WILSON. I do not presume it, but I
know it. They avow it, declare it, proclaim it,
in the face of the country and of the world; and
I for one do not yield to it. I yield to no such
issue; and if those gentlemen who have made it
choose to stand by it, let them take the responsi-
bility before the country. That is my position.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 hope that the Senate will
yield this point to the House; and if the Senator
from Oregon had not made the motion, I waspre-
pared to make it myself. I think that the ap-
propriation insisted upon by the House is not
according to law; but the House thinks it is ac-
cording to law,and the House has as good aright
to judge as we have. We are not to presume
that the other branch of Congress would insist
upon an appropriation which it considered con-
trary to law. The House says its honoris pledged.
I think we have done quite sufficient by the way
of protest, by the way of recording our judg-
ment; and I hope we shall yield to the House. I
differ from my friend from Massachusetts. I
hope the country will take no note whatever of
this disagreement between the two Houses, and
that we shall get out of it as soon as we can; and
the best way is to agree to the proposition of the
House.
Mr. HENDRICKS. When the chairman of
the Committee on Finance, some days ago, pro-
posed as an amendment to the legislative appro-
priation bill the deficiency bill, which I thought
an extraordinary proceeding, I suggested that it
would bring up this veiy.controversy between
the two Houses, and if it came up again I expected
to yield to the House; and I now expect to do it.
But upon that question I wish to submit one or
two remarks.
I do not think the Senator from Massachusetts
is justified by the facts in what he said. He
said that the position of the House was assumed
by a small minority of the Administration party
and by the body of the opponents of the Adminis-
tration in the House uniting upon this proposi-
tion. I understand that the position of the House
was assumed by a unanimous vote, that the yeas
and nays were not called; and I understand that
it was taken under the leadership of the dis-
tinguished chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, and that in pressing his arguments
upon the House he used most uncourteous debate
toward the Senate. That is all I have to say to
the Senatorfrom Massachusetts. He is not justi-
fied by the facts in what l^e says.
I think the real trouble ought to be removed.
This is but surface work, in my judgment, get-
ting away from this $38,000. I believe that each
House ought to control its own contingent fund.
The act of 1858 restricting that control of the con-
tingent fund is an imputation of a want of con-
fidence by Congress upon each branch, and I
think it ought to be repealed. If the proposition
of the Senator from Oregon is not adopted, I in-
tend to propose the following:
That the bill be recommitted to the committee of confer-
ence, with instructions to agrop to substitute tor the House
amendment Cor the benefit ol its employes a section re-
pealing section five of the act entitled -'An act making
appioptiations for sundry civil expenses of the Government
for the year ending the JOth June, 1839,approved June
12, lb58.
I believe that it ought to be repealed. We give
a contingent fund to the different Departments,
and we allow the Secretary of the Department to
control that contingent fund, and his decision is
conclusive Upon it. Why? Because Congress
has confidence in his integrity. In the same hill
we give a contingent fund to the Senate, and by
that law we say we will not trust the Senate to
dispose of its own contingent fund. We allow
the President of the United States to control mil-
lions of a secret service fund, and never allow the
expenditure of that money to come to the light
of day; and why? Because, upon the theory of
our legislation, we treat the President as an honest
man, as we treat the headsof Departmentsin the
disposal of their contingent funds, and I say, as
a matter of honor, we ought to treat ourselves in
the same way. If the proposition of the Senator
from Oregon is not agreed to, I expect to offer
this, and if it is agreed to we shall have no such
discreditable scenes in the future as we have wit-
nessed for these two weeks past. If the House
abuses its power over its own contingent fund, it
is responsible to the country, as we are. We
are not the guardians of the honor of the House;
we ft re not the guardians of the good faith of the
House;and 1 deny that the House has any right
to superintend or supervise the expenditure of our
own contingent fund.
Mr. JOHNSON. Whether it is advisable to,
repeal the act of 1858 in the particular suggested
by the honorable member from Indiana is per-
haps not the question here. I rose to say, how-
ever, that I doubt exceedingly whether the in-
struction proposed by the member from Oregon
will settle the difficulty. 1 understand that in-
struction as merely adding §43,000 to the con-
tingent fund of the House, and nothing more.
What is the effect of increasing the contingent
fund? It does not relieve the manner in which
the contingent fund is to be used from the restric-
tions to be found in the act of 1858; and when
they go to the Department and ask to be allowed
$38,000 for their employes the Department will
say that that cannot be done, the act of 1858 is
still in force, and by the act of 1858 it is pro-
vided that no resolution of one House shall have
the effect of appropriating money in the Treasury,
although it is there as a part of your contingent
fund; the act of 1858, providing that the contin-
gent funds of the two Houses is actually to be
disposed of by the joint action of both Houses.
Now in relation to the dispute which exists as
between the two Houses, I think that the Senate
has gone far enough in expressing its own view of
the authority which the House assumed to ex-
ercise by the original appropriation of last year;
arid I submit to Senators whether,although they
are all clear about it that the House acted with-
out authority, it is not fair to presume that at the
time they made the appropriation they believed
they had the authority; and although I am per-
fectly satisfied in my own mind that they were
wrong in that opinion, yet I have lived long
enough not to be surprised at the expression of
any extraordinary opinion. I have heard just
as many extraordinary opinionsexpressed on the
floor of this Senate as this opinion of the House,
if they really entertain it, that theyhad the power
thus to appr >priate their contingent fund.
Hut, sir, I rose solely for the purpose of sug-
gesting that it is much better to instruct the com-
mittee to agree to the House amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY. I agree entirely with what
the Senator from Indiana said, and I would prefer
his proposition to that of the Senator from Ore-
gon, although I shall vote for thelatter. Idonot
wish that either House shall exercise any sci ufiny
over the contingent fund of the other. I think
each House can be left to attend to its own con-
tingent fund. If this resolution of the Senator
from Oregon does not accomplish the object of
allowing the House to pay what it thinks proper
to its own employes, then I wish to have it altered
so that it shall do so. If it merely increases the
contingent fund, but does not allow the contin-
gent fund to be employed for that purpose, then
1 wish it to be altered so that it shall be under-
stood that we agree to allow the House to pay
its own officers whatever it sees fit. It is respon-
sible to the country and its constituents for the
manner in which it employs its contingent fund.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Tiie question
is on the amendment moved by the Senator from
Pennsylvania to the motion mude by the Senator
from Oregon to insert the following as a substi-
tute:
That the committee be authorized to agree to a provision
for the payment of twenty per cent, additional compen-
sation to the ofiicers of both Houses for tiie present ses-
sion.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the resolution offered by the Senator
from Oregon.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not quite understand
this proposition. I wish to know if this allows
the House to appropriate the money for this pur-
pose.
Mr. CLARK. They are content with it.
Mr. ANTHONY. Very well; then 1 am, cer-
tainly.
Mr. SHERMAN. With due deference to the
opinion of the Senator from Maryland, I do not
think there is a doubt about it. The resolution
of the House is substantially engrafted in the
lasv, and this law says §40,000 shall be appropri-
ated 10 enable the proper officers of the House to
pay that resolution*
