1226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
March L
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask for the reading of the
proposition again.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved. That lite disagreeing votes of the two Hoascs
011 the bill (II. II. No. 649) waking appreciations for tlie
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of the Gov-
ernment for iho year ending the 30tli of June, 1866, be re-
committed to tlie committee of conference on said bill on
the part of the Senate, with instructions to agree to the
following item:
And the sum of $43,000 is hereby appropriated, to be
added to the contingent tund of the lloubc of Ilepiesenta-
tives, for the purpose of paying such contingent expenses
as may be ciuected by resolution ot the House.
Mr. HENDRICKS, I oiler the following as
a substitute I" Oh, no."] Very well; 1 will
"withdraw it,
Mr. "WILSON. Before the vote is talcen I de-
sire to ask the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance if there is any provision in this bill giving
constructive mileage to the Senate. I see in the
public press a statement that in this bill, I think,
such a provision has been put into it by the Sen-
ate, or in some bill, giving Senators constructive
mileage.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no such appro-
priation and no such provision in this bill or any
other. On tlie contrary, a resolution of that kind
was sent to the Committee on Finance and re-
ported back adversely and acted upon. I will
ask the Secretary to read the appiopiiation for
mileage, the only reference there is to mileage.
The Secretary read, as follows:
For compensation and mileage of Senators', $057,130.
For compensation and mileageof members oi the House
of Representatives and Delegates itomTeiritoriesj.^oOOjUOO.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is all there is about
mileage in the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the lesohuiou of instructions offered by the
Senator from Oregon.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us have the yeas and
nays on that proposition.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I shall vote for this prop-
osition. I would have preferred to vote, first, for
the pioposition of the Senator from Indiana to
repeal the law of 1838. That was the first mis-
take. The second mistake in this transaction, in
my judgment, was that tlie House passed their
resolution to pay their employes twenty percent.,
and that involved them in dilficulty. The third
mistake was that the Senate put on the deficiency
bill as an amendment to the legislative bill us it
came from the House of Representatives.
Mr. SHERMAN. That was the only way that
we could save it. If we had not put the deficiency
bill on this bill, the deficiency bill would have
been defeated dead; and the deficiency bill is now
dead.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think it was a mistake
putting the two things together; but no matter.
Under the circumstances 1 shall vote for the prop-
osition of the Senator from Oregon.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 31, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Anthony, I'rowti. Carlile,Cowan, Dixon,
Dooluile, FoMei, Hat i !•-, lleiiiieiMHi. 1 lend nek*, Johnson,
MeDoug.iN, iVIon ill, Ne-nuth, l'ow ell, U.uit^ej,^Riddle,
tSumnci, Van Winkle, VVHIr), and Wnglit—il.
NAYrf—Miosis llnek.ilew, Cl.uk, t'oHanior, Conner,
FnrvvUI, Hale, li.nlun, Ilownid, Howe, Lane o! Indiana,
Morgan, Nye, Pomerov, yheunan, Spugue, Tea E>ek,
Trumbull, and VVil-on—18.
AI ^M\'I' — Mews, ('handlei, Davi--, Foot, Griimw,
Hanlinu', Laneor Kansas, ttichatdson, jSauNbmy, Stewart,
Wade, and Wilkinson—11.
So tiie resolution was agreed to; and tlie bill
was recommitted to the committee of conference
with instructions to agree to the proposition of
the House in relation to its contingent fund.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Cleik, announced that
the House of Representatives had disagreed to
the report of the committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill
(S. No. 390) relating to the postal laws; further
insisted upon its amendments to the said bill dis-
agreed to by the Senate, asked a further confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon, and had appointed Mr. Cole, Mr.
Brooks and Mtr. Ashley managers at the same
on us paif.
The mes>.t^o fus fher announced that the House
of Represent uivfca had passed the following bills,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (II. R. No. 795) amendatory of certain
acts imposing duties upon foreign importations;
and
A bill (H. R. No. 805) to repeal the eighth
section of an act entitled "An act in addition to
the several acts concerning commercial in tercou rse
between loyal and insurrectionary States, and to
provide for the collection of captured and aban-
doned property, and the prevention of frauds in
States declared in insurrection," approved July
2, 1864.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. WILSON. I now desire to make a report
of the Committee on Military Affairs, and to ask
that it be acted upon at this time. I think the
provisions of it will readily be agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I must object to the inter-
position of other bills until I get the appropria-
tion bills out of the way,
Mr. WILSON. What bill does the Senator
want to take up now?
Mr. SHERMAN. The Indian appropriation
bill, as it will take so long to enroll. 1 do not
think it will take long to pass it.
Mr. WILSON. If this matter leads to debate
I will let it go over.
Mr. SHERMAN. These bills are now in
order, and 1 desire to go on with them. If the
Senator will withdraw his motion, perhaps this
evening he may have an opportunity of getting
his measure considered. I want to get the appro-
priation bills out of the way.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to report back a bill
from the House of Representatives with amend-
ments, and 1 think the amendments are so plain
that we might pass it at once; but as the Senator
desires to get up his bill, I will let it pass over
and will ask to have it. printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That order
will bo made.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move that the Sen-
ate take up House bill No. 682, the Indian appro-
priation bill.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 682) making appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian Department, and for fulfilling treaty stipu-
lations with various Indian tribes for the year end-
ing 30th June, 1866.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know that it has
ever been customary in the Senate to forego the
leading of a bill once at length, and I do not like
to make such a motion now; but this is a bill
fifty-eight pages long, of which at least forty-
eight are simply the ordinary recitations that are
continued in every Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. FOSTER. It can be done by unanimous
consent. It is frequently done in the case of Post
Office bills and post-road bills, and matters of that
sort.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I trust that the amend-
ments only will bo read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
informed that the reading of bills has sometimes
been dispensed with when they were printed and
laid upon the tables of Senators.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 will ask if this bill only
contains the ordinary appropiations for the Indian
scrvice
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading
of the bill will be dispensed with if there be no
objection; and the amendments reported ftom the
Committee on Finance will be read.
The first amendment of the committee was on
page 20, line four hundred and fifty-eight, under
the head of " Ottawas and Chippewas of Michi-
gan," after the word "thousand" to strike out
"eight" and insert "three;" so that the clause
will read:
For interest on .-5206.000. unpaid part of the principal sum
of $?30G 000, (or one yeai, at (sve per cent, per annum, to
be distributed per capita, in the usual manner of payins'an-
numes per second article of the treaty of 31st July, 1855,
$10 300.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 ask that the bill be read
from page 48 to the end, so thutSenators may see
the items about which there may possibly be some
conti oversy.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That couiee
will be pursued; but there arc some amendments
reported by the committee previous to that, which
will first be read.
The next amendment was on page 45, after line
one thousand'and ninety-seven, in the appropri-
ation for " Chippewas of Red Lake and Pembina
tribe of Indians," to insert the following:
For this amount, to supply a deficiency in the first pay-
ment per fourth acticlc of the treaty of October 2,1863, to
be expended m the purchase of powder, lead, twine, or such
other beneficial put poses as the chiefs mav request, to be
equitably distubuted among the said bands, $2,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The nextamendment was on page 46, after line
eleven hundred and three, to insert the following:
For tlie sum of .$500, to be paid to each of the seven chiefs
of said bands, at the first payment, to enable each to build
for himself a house, per filth article treaty October 2,1663,
§3,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill, com-
mencing on the 48th page, with the following
paiagraph:
For tlie Wichitas and other affiliated bands:
For tne expense of colonizing, supporting, and furnishing
said bands with agiicultural implements and stock, pay of
necessary employes, purchase of cloth trig, medicines, iron
and steel, and maintenance of schools, to be e.xpendedun-
der the dnection of the Seeietary of the interior, §50,000.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That appropriation differs
from the estimate. It is here placed at $20,000.
It was estimated at $37,800. Such has been the
estimate, and such has been paid from year to
year; and it will be borne in mind by the Senate
that by a general provision which has been in-
serted in the appropiiation bills for the last two
years this sum which belonged to the Wichitas
has been in fact confiscated for the benefit of the
refugee Indians, and therefore it ought to be
$p37,800; and I move that amendment as we go
along.
Mr. SHERMAN. The amendment is not in
order, and 1 trust that we shall first go through
with the amendments of the Committee on Fi-
nance. I will state further that the House of
Representatives have reduced these appropria-
tions about one half, and I am rather disposed
to leave them where they have left them unless
there are very strong reasons given for increasing
them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading
of the bill will bo proceeded with.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I cannot see what objec-
tion there is to taking up this matter as we go along.
It will save its being read overagant and our com-
ing back to the subject again. I call the attention
of the Senator from Ohio to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The custom of
the Senate is to proceed first with the amendments
of the Committee on Finance. The amendment
of the Senator, however, is strictly in order if he
insists upon it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will waituntil the amend-
ments of the committee are disposed of.
The Secretary continued the reading of the bill
down to and including the following item:
For expenses attending the vaccination of Indians,
$'2,500.
Mr. NYE. I should like to ask the chairman
of the committee whether this appropriation of
$2,500 for vaccinating the Indians has application
to any particular tribe.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the usual appropri-
ation made for that purpose.
Mr. NYE. During the last four years I have
had some twelve thousand of these Indians under
my charge, and I have neversecn any of this vac-
cination.
Mr. SHERMAN. Some of the constituents
of my friend from Wisconsin probably appro-
priated the money. [Laughter.]
Mr. NYE. I think this vaccination must be
applied principally to the Indians of Wisconsin.
I never heard of it in Nevada.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will answer the oenator
from Nevada. Tins is a miscellaneous provision,
and applies to all the Indian tribes.
Mr. NYE. But we never saw any of it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Perhaps you did not in
Nevada. Nevada is a youn^ State.
Mr. SHERMAN. But she wants her share.
[Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading
of the bill will be continued.
The Secretaiy continued the reading of the bill.
