1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
upon coal alone is $8 50 per ton, or one hundred
per cent.
Mr. Speaker, in every city of this Union where
the charters limit the price ofgas, the price has been
advanced one hundred per cent, since 1860. if I
may be allowed I will refer to the prices now
charged by some of the gas companies in various
parts of the United States, and compare them
with the price charged here. And i beg leave to
call the attention of the House to the fact that
there is scarcely a city where coal costs so much
as it does here. In the city of Portland, Maine,
the price of gas has been raised to $5 15 per
thousand feet, although in 1862 it was four dol-
lars, which is the price now asked to be granted
to this company. In the city of Portland coal
costs six dollars or more less than it does in the
city of Washington. The price of gas in Port-
land, as I stated, was $5 15 a thousand feet. In
the city of Syracuse, which is the place of my
residence, gas was sold in 1862, according to the
authority of the corporation, at three dollars per
thousand, and that price has been increased from
time to time since until the company now receive
$4 50 per thousand without any discount except
live per cent, when paid within five days after the
billsare rendered. And yet in Syracuse coal costs
eleven dollars per ton, and labor costs ten shil-
lings per day.
I might go on to enumerate a large number of
other companies that have increased their charges
for gas between 1863 and tile present time; but 1
will detain the House with the reading of only
two or three letters upon this subject. I ask the
Clerk to read first a letter from the Burlington,
Iowa, Gas-Light Company.
The letter was read, as follows:
Otfick Gas-Lioiit Company,
Burlington, Iowa., November 21, 1861.
Dear Sin: Yours of 7tli instant, liiqiimng about price
of co-vt of coal, See., is icceived.
Oui present puce is$l 50 per thousand foot, an advance
of fifty cents upon former price. No lui tiier advance is con-
templated at prevent. No di-connt for any cause.
Coal us $6 ."30 at gas woiks, hut is of inferior qual-
ity, making only from two thirds to three fourths aa much
gas as Youijluogheny coaI.
Respectfully your*, R. PPENCER,
Seo etary Burlington Gas-Light Company.
J. F. Brown, Esq., Secretary.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I now ask the
Clerk to read a letter from the Cumberland Gas-
Light Company, located in the midst of a coal
region.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
Office of Tiir. Cumbl.rla.ni) Gas-Ligiit Company,
Cumbfrland. Maryland, November 38, 1SG1.
Dhar Sir: Your favor of the 7th instant is at hand.
Our chaise loi gas has uniformly been four dollru-. per
tbou-and feet, without any discount for prompt payment
We have not contemplated as yet any increase in price,
although the co-st of coal and other items oi expense are
much enhanced. Wo propose, at least, to add to the above
price the United Status tax.
Yours respectfully,
JOSEPH SIIRIVER, Secretary.
J. F. Brown, Secretary.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I have also a let-
ter from the Manhattan Gas-Light Company, of
New York.
The letter was read, as follows:
Office of Tin- Manhatian Gas-Light Company,
Irving Place, < okni r Fast Fh'tecntii S-irckt,
ntw York, November jl, 16l)4.
Dear Sir: Your esteemed favor of the 7th is received.
Our position is precisely a* it wa« when i <*avv >ou m
Washington last winter. We get $2 50 per thousand feet
ibr gas sold. We expect prompt payment and make no
discounts. Wc chariic mrtei lent. Our c haitrr allow?- us
to charge inetet lent, hut flthe puce of gas. All gas
companies, by law, may chaige meter lent in tiiis State,
but some companies have bound themselves in then con-
tracts with the local authorities, not to make «ueh a charge
We intend to m.ike application to the LegiMatuie in Jan-
uaiy ue\t for the mmoval of the le tnctiou as to price. If
fcuceebsftil, the puce will be in accordance with the cost,
and that en*t no man can now foresee. But we arc doing
an uiipiofitablo bu&inefas now.
Truly youiii, CHARLES ROOME.
J. F. Brown, Esq.,
Secretary Washington Gas-Light Company.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. That is a letter
from the president of a company whose charge
for gas is limited by its charter. That company
is allowed to charge only $2 50 per thousand feet,
and they are now before the Legislature of New
York for relief. They have been suffering from
the enhanced price of labor, and have done an
unprofitable business, and yet they had a vast
accumulation of coal on hand, so that they were
able for two years to supply themselves with
coal at a moderate price. But I desire to call the
attention of the House to the fact that in the city
of Philadelphia, where there is the same limitation
upon the gas companies, and where they were not
supplied with a stock of coal on hand, the loss of
the company in a single year, was upward of
eighty-four thousand dollars. I ask the clerk to
read a letter from the Philadelphia Gas Works
Company.
The letter was read, as follows:
Office of the Philadelphia Gas Works,
November 28, 1864.
Dear Sir: Yours of the 7th instant is received, and con-
tents noted. I would state in reply that the vvoiks in this
city were formeily puvate corporations were puichascd
by the city; and arc now managed by a trust—und as wc
supply the citizens at cost, after setting aside a small per-
centage as a sinking fund for payments of loans—the puce
chaigrd by us would be no cnU'iion for you.
We charged last year $•> c>5 per thousand feet, less one
ninth for payment within five days, subject to the Uni-
ted States tax, and sunk about eighty thousand dollars on
the years' business. On the jUt of Januaiy, 18G4, the price
was advanced to $2 50 per thousand leet, less five per
cent., subject lo the tax, and fearing that that price was
not suOicient, a furtbei advance was made September 1st
to three doihirs per thousand feet, les.s five per cent., and
subject to the tax; and we have seuous doubts whether
that is su(ikfcnt to meet the expenses of the wotks.
Hoping this maybe satisfaetoi v, 1 remain •youis, very
reipectiully, THOMAS S. STEWART,
Chief Engineer.
Per THOMAS It. BROWN,
Chief Clerk of Works.
j. f. Brown, Secretary of Washington Gas-Light Company.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I beg the House
to bear in mind one established fact connected
with this question, to which 1 will ad vert in reply
to an allegation contained in an anonymous com-
munication presented to the House this morning.
The location of Washington compels ittodepend
for its supply of coal principally upon the rail-
road which enters the District from western Mary-
land and eastern Viiginiu and upon the canal.
Those roads and the canal have been broken up
by the events of the war, and the gas company
has been unable to obtain supplies of coal from
the sources to which they usually look. It has
been unable to obtain a supply m New York, Phil-
adelphia, or other places, for the reason that coal
was not there to be sold at any price. And from
that fact has grown the complaint contained in
that anonymous communication; because the com-
pany, being unable to obtain at the time coal suit-
able for gas purposes, were compelled to take a
cargo of inferior and coarser coal, though they
had to pay for it an exorbitant pi ice.
I do not wish to consume the time of the House
m reading unnecessary communications upon this
subject, though I have before me letters from com-
panies maltnostall parts of the country, in winch
they say, with one accoid,that the companies
have been compelled, by reason of the enhanced
cost of material, to raise the price of gas about one
hundred percent.
I desire now to submit to the House a statement
made by the President of this Washington com-
pany of its operations for the last six months.
The statement was read, as follows:
washington gas works.
Six Months' Statement, ending December 31, 1864.
Expenses.
To coal used $129,689 ].>
T'"> wages of hands  '28
To -Milanes ol ofiu er.s  4,K51 6(5
To Inne lorpuulynig  2 ti'o-l 00
To icpuirs     .'^14x2 79
To city taxes  1,7 M 94
To intere.st  x!0 00
To incidental expenses      2,009 67
101,772 49
Earnings.
From gas sold   $157,07.5 06
Fiom coke sold  J9.070 00
Fiom tar sold (not yot paid lor)... 4,664 90
Coke on hand  l.oou 00
  181,809 96
Lo«rf  9,962 53
To winch should be added a five percent, divi-
dend which the stockholder should haveie-
ceived......     2.">,000 00
Making a total loss of  $''J1.96'.2 53
B. II. BAIITOL, President.
Cash capital paid in. $50Q,<)U0.
No dividends have been paid for eighteen month''.
No cash dividend has ever been paid exceeding five per
cent tor six mouths' earnings.
No stock or scrip dividends have ever been made.
Present debts of the Company exceed .$19,000.
U. II. BARTOL, President.
City of Philadelphia, ss:
B. H. Bartol, being duly sworn according to law, aaitli
that he is President of the Washington Gas Works, and that
the within statement is correct and true in every paitieu-
lar. B. H. BARTOL.
Sworn and subscribed before me this 10th day of January,
A. 1). 1865. JOHN WHI^TE, Alderman.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. That expresses
the condition of the company. They have been
losing^ money for the last two years, and they have
been furnishing gas under these enhanced prices
of materials to iheGovernmentand to the citizens;
and the question now is whether we, as the legis-
lators of the District,arewillingtobetothem the
ministers of injustice, compelling them to abandon
the works they have constructed, or else to fur-
nish gas to the Government and the people of
Washington at a great loss.
Mr. UPSON. I .would ask the gentleman
whether dividends have not been privately paid
by the company.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. Not a dollar.
Mr. UPSON. I understand such is the case.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I deny it, andon
the authority of gentlemen who have no interest
to make a misstatement to this House. This
company has been charged with bad faith on the
floor of this House. Such charges have been
made unjustly, and for the purpose, I have no
doubt, of incitingprejudice against this company.
Sir, I know of no corporation in this District
whose affairs have been managed with greater
ability and honesty than the affairs of this gas
company which has been assailed. We alone
can furnish them with the relief necessary for their
protection: and shall we listen to these imputa-
tions of bad faith, which are made without founda-
tion and for the putpose of depriving them of
justice at the hands of the American Congress?
1 hope, sir, that we shall not witness such a scene
as that upon this floor.
1 have been surprised, I must say, that all
measures of legislation affecting the District of
Columbia, no matter how excellent or just they
may have been, have been assailed by members
upon this floor from motives which 1 cannot un-
derstand, and especially by the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Wasiiburne;] but I have been less
surprised at the attacks of that gentleman upon
everything within this District since I have found
everything without the District attacked in the
same way. Sir, we are here to do justice and not
wrong. We are here to protect rights and inter-
ests, and as this company can look to no other
source for protection, I appeal to the members of
this House to lay aside these unfounded preju-
dices that have been instilled into their minds,
and to give them that justice which their ciicum-
stances demand.
Mr. PATTERSON addressed the Chair.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I decline to yield.
The SPEAKER. The previous question hav-
ing been seconded, no further debate is in order.
Mr. PATTERSON. Is it in order to move to
reconsider the vote by which the previous ques-
tion was seconded ?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. PATTERSON. Then I make that mo-
tion. 1 merely wish to say a word or two.
The question was taken, and the motion to re-
consider was not agreed to.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the main question was oidered, and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The question being upon the amendment pro-
posed by Mr. Washburne, of Illinois,
Mr. W ASIIBURNE, of Illinois, demanded the
| yeas and nays and called for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Telleis were ordered, and Messrs. Davis, of
New York, and Washburn ia, of Illinois, were
appoin ted.
The House divided, and the tellers reported
—ayes 21, noes 69.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 36, nays 103, not voting 43;
as follows:
YRAS-Mo^r^ Arnold, Ashley, Augustus C. Baldwin,
Baxter, Beaman, Bout well, Cobb, Cole, Ciavenq, Donnelly,
Eekb-y, Farrmvorth, Frank, Harding, Holman, UotchkisB,
Ingersoll, Francis W. Kellogg, Oriando Kellogg, McBride,
