1230
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
/ March I,
one. It is dated the 18th of February. I have
another appropriation of $20,000 here to accom-
pany this one, which I will explain more at length
to the Senate when this is disposed of.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I now move to insert after
the amendment that has just been adopted the
following:
To enable the superintendent of Indian affairs of Dakota
Territory, under the direction of the Piesident,to negotiate
a treaty of peace and amity witli the hostile Sioux and
other hostile tribes allied with them, $20,000.
I should like to call the attention of the Senator
from Ohio to this proposition. If the subject is
sufficiently understood I will not take up the time
of the Senate upon it. i have no doubt that this
is one of the wisest appropriations that can be
made. The truth is that the military expedition
thai has gone with artillery and infantry over the
plains at this immense expense to the Govern-
ment, so far from effecting anything against the
hostile Sioux, has been almost a failure. A single
regiment on horseback, in my judgment, would
have accomplished iive times as much. It lias
cost the Government an immense sum; the Sioux
are still hostile; and I believe that the right per-
sons appointed by the President to take the ne-
cessary means to negotiate for peace with these
hostile Sioux can effect a peace arid save all this
immense expenditure to the Government, and
that whole army can be sent to the front, where
they can do something for the benefit of the coun-
try. The Secretary of the Interior has recom-
mended that the sum of $50,000 be appropriated
for this puipose; but the committee, on consulta-
tion with the superintendent of Indian affairs of
Dakota, who is here [nesent, believed that for the
sum of $20,000 the thing might be accomplished.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 do not know but it is
useless to talk about Indian appropriations, and
1 generally make no lesistancc to them; but i
never will vote, as I stated at the last session, to
authorize the Commissioner of Indian Affairs to
send a party of people to negotiate and treat with
Indians. I think it is the most ridiculous farce
that can be transacted in our Government. It is
the most shameless prostitution not only of the
money of the Government but of the name, and
credit/and fame of the Government. LiCt mc
illustrate it. Two years ago the honorable Sen-
ator pioposed to st-nd somebody out to negotiate
and treat with the Ohippewas, 1 believe. The
consequence was, that after awhile a treaty came
back to us, was sent to the Indian Committee,
and ratified, and the first we know about it is an
appropi iation of one or two hundred thousand
dollars per annum to carry into effect an Indian
treaty with some Indian tribe thatwe knew noth-
ing of. That is the effect of it. The Committee
on Finance have reported a new appropriation to
this bill for one Indian tribe of $200,000. We
had no resort but to do it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator will find th#,t
these large appropriations are for the first year
for removing these Indians, their subsistence, the
building of the agencies, and the other buildings
which are necessary; and after that the appropri-
ations per annum are very small. The treaty to
which the Senator alludes is a treaty which was
negotiated in Minnesota, and which acquired for
the Government of the United States the relin-
quishment of the Indian title to a country almost
as laigc as the State of Ohio. The treaty was
negotiated by the honorable Senator from Min-
nesota [Mr. Ramsey] and I have no reason to
believe that the treaty was not negotiated upon a
fair basis.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not attack the treaty
at all. I only say that this appropriation must
be followed undoubtedly by a treaty probably
providing for the payment of millions of dollars,
becauseune installmentalone on u modern Indian
treaty will probably be $100,000. This bill ap-
propriates $2,500,000 fur the suppoit of how
many Indians? I do not know how many; but
compaiatively few in number.
Mr. BROWN. They number about three
hundred thousand.
Mr. SHERMAN. Of whom probably about
one thud are what are called treaty Indians; and
the balance, the wandering tribes of Camanches,
&c., get comparatively Utile. It seems to me
thal^an end ought to be put to this business of
making treaties. Some three or four years ago
the Senator from Wisconsin himself agreed to
provide some other system, and a Senator from
California not nowjwith us (Mr. Latham) also
agreed to the same tiling, and it was understood
that a different system was to be adopted in the
management of the Indian tribes; that we were
no longer to treat them as equal powers, but we
were to provide for them as dependents. That
ought to be done.
I have before me an account of one of these
treaties which I think is the best illustration of an
Indian treaty I have ever read. It is the history
of the treaty of Grenville, made by General
Wayne. General Wayne, after having slaugh-
tered a good many thousands of the Indians, con-
vened them all together at the town of Grenville,
or the hamlet of Grenville, and there he made a
speech to them. I will give the substance of his
speech. He said there were many white people
who had come to Cincinnati, and one or two other
places in Ohio, and they were very poor and
needy; that they had their wives,and their wives
were begging for bread; that they had their chil-
dren and their children were crying for clothing.
General Wayne appealed to the Indians to give
to the poor whites a little land to enable them to
earn a living for their tvomen and children. That
was the substance of General Wayne's appeal.
The Indians took it in grave consideration. They
retired to their council; and the next day they
came back, radiant with joy, and addressing them-
selves to Geneial Wayne, they said, "Father,
we have found a way in which we can reconcile
all our difficulties. The Great Spirit has given
us a road out of all our troubles. You say that
there are but few people at Cincinnati; that they
are poor, needy, hungry, without clothing. You
have offered to give us for our lands $10,000 in
gold, five hundred blankets, so many guns, so
much ammunition. Now, let the great father who
lives at Washington give all this money, and all
these goods, and all these blankets, to the few
poor white people at Cincinnati and make them
rich and happy, and then let them go back from
whence they came, and we will have no further
trouble."
That is about the history of all Indian treaties.
General Wayne did not see it in that light; and
the consequence was that the Indians were com-
pelled to give up one half of the State of Ohio;
and they have been driven westward and west-
ward until they are gradually disappearing. The
idea of treating with these Indians as sepaiate and
independent nations in my judgment ought to be
abandoned. I therefore never will vote to send a
commission out there to negotiate with roving
tribes of Indians as free and independent nations.
Let the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, or the
Secretary of the Interior, or the President of the
United States, or some authority, prescribe laws
or rules or regulations, subject to the action of
Congiess, for the government of these poor peo-
ple who are dependent upon our bounty. Let us
help them and aid them; but do not let us con-
tinue the two systems. We have now with many
Indian tribes arrangements by which wegive them
help upon their faims; send women to teach their
children; send schoolmasters and blacksmiths
and laboiers to them. That is the proper way to
dispose of the Indians. In the present condition
of affairs I am not in favor of making any more
Indian treaties. If the Senator says to me that
the Indian servjee requires $10,000 or $2U,000 to
relieve these Indians tempoiarily, to enable them
to obtain homes for themselves, I will feel myself
bound to vote for whatever he says is necessary
in that respect; but to negotiate any more Indian
treaties, it seems to me, is simply to enable some
people to rob and plunder the Indians, and pre-
scribe laws for them without our sanction or su-
pervision.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am quite sure that the
attention of my honorable friend from Ohio has
not been drawn to the consideration of the present
relation of the Government of the United States
to the Sioux nation of Indians and the hostile
tribes upon the plains that are allied with them.
I say to my honorablefriend that he is voting here
upon the appropriation bills millions and millions
of dollars for transportation and subsistence to
carry on a warlike expedition against these very
Sioux. They are in hostility with the Govern-
ment of the United States, and trying to ally with
them all the Indians of the plains. It is believed
by the superintendent of Indian affairs of Dakota
Territory, that for the little sum of $20,000, by
which he can furnish the kind of presents that
may be necessaryto induce their chiefs to come
in and hold a talk or a treaty, peace can be ob-
tained between the Government of the United
States and these Sioux, and thus put an end to
this immense expenditure. I say to my honora-
ble friend that while I have not the slightest doubt
that under the Indian department there are many
expenditures which never ought to be incurred,
and there are undoubtedly men who are interested
in contracts for provisions and supplies and trans-
portation who may be making money out of it,
yet as compared with what is going on in relation
to the army which is dealing with this very ques-
tion, they are not one drop in the bucket.
While I am on the floor I may as well call the
attention of the Senate to another amendment
that will immediately occur, and I can discuss
them both at once; and that is, in relation to
what is proposed concerning the Navajos in New
Mexico. The Department recommend the ap-
propriation of $350,000 for them. The House
l)ill provides for $100,000. Our committee after
consultation have determined not to ask that the
appropriation be increased, but to change that
appropriation, to authorize the Department to
employ the money appropriated under the pro-
vision of the House Dill in furnishing wool to
these Navajos to be manufactured by them into
blankets for their own clothing; and I will state
to the honorable Senator from Ohio the true con-
dition of things there.
These Navajos, to the number of nearly ten
thousand, have been taken by the Military De-
partment of the Government from their homes,
and moved nearly five hundred miles and estab-
lished upon the Pecos river, in New Mexico, at
what is called the Bosque Redondo, without any
treaty. That is dealing with the Indians without
treaty. They were taken without treaty by the
military foices, and moved away and put upon
the Bosque Redondo; and I have not apaiticle
of doubt that that very thing will cost this Gov-
ernment millions of dollars. But when the In-
dian Department asks $100,000, as they did last
year, for the purpose of enabling these Indians,
after the War Department had put them on this
river, to dig canals so that they can irrigate a little
portion of the land to raise corn to feed them-
selves, the Indian department is denounced from
beginning to end, and from the beginning of the
world down to this day.
Now, in relation to this matter, the reason why
the Indian department do not ask any more is
because the War Department are feeding those
Indians now. The War Department, under the
powers which are possessed by the officers con-
nected with the Army, have purchased a million
pounds of corn to be delivered there in New
Mexico to feed these Indians. They have got
the corn on hand, or contracted for the corn
which will feed them for a year. We hope that
these Indians, under the administration of the
Department, will be able to irrigate this land and
raise their own corn for another year.
My honorable friend from Ohio, I know, is
very much prejudiced against Indian treaties. I
do not think that an Indian treaty is like a treaty
between the Governmentof theUnited States and
Great Britain; but certainly these Indian tribes
have treaties with one another. They make war
and they make peace with one another. They
form alliances with each other. They perform,
to be sure in a semi-civilizcd way, what the great
nations of the earth do: they make war and peace;
and doit by compact, by alliance; and make peace
by treaty; and whether you say these treaties are
to be regarded in the same light as a treaty be-
tween us and Great Britain or not, still they are
treaties between us and these Indian tribes. The
best and most economical way to have peace with
the Indian tnbes is to enter into some kind of
stipulation with them.
But I agree with the honorable Senator from
Ohio in one thing. I am opposed to putting into
these Indian treaties stipulations binding this Gov-
ernment to pay money annuities. I know it has
been the steady policfy of the Indian Committee
to prevent the payment of money annuities to the
Indians. In this very treaty which was lately
made in Minnesota, there are hardly any money
annuities; and'in the treaties which were negoti-
