THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
THE OFFICIAL PIIOCEEDINCS OF CONGRESS, PUDLISIIBJ) BY P. & J. 1UVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session.
MONDAY, JANUARY 30, 1865.
New Series 'No. 30.
Mr. DRIGGS. I will do so. This joint res-
olution was reported at t«he last session from the
Committee on Public Lands, in order to piotect
mineral lands from the operation of land grants.
It was passed by the House, was sent to the Sen-
ate, and passed there; but, being1 overlooked, it
was not returned to the House. lihe Senate has
again passed it at the present session.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now have
a full recollection of the matter. The gentleman
lias stated the facts correctly; and 1 have no doubt
that the amendments of the Senate should be con-
cuned in.
The amendments of the Senate were concurred
in.
Mr. DRIGGS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendments of the Senate were con-
curred in; and also moved that the motion to re-
consider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agieed to.
. REMOVAL OS1 AHSENAL FROM ST. LOUIS.
Mr. BLOW. I ask unanimous consent of the
House to take up Senate bill No. 402, to repeal an
act entitled "An act to remove the United States
arsenal from the city of St. Louis, and providing
for selling the lands* upon which the same is lo-
cated.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I object.
DISQUALIFICATION OF COLOR.
Mr. ALLEY. 1 ask unanimous consent to
tnke up Senate bill No. 62, to remove the disqual-
ification of color in cairymg the mails, for refer-
ence to the Committee oil the Post Office and
Post Roads,
Mr. HARRINGTON. I objcct.
POST KOAD.
Mr. SMITH, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to establish a certain post road; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. WASI1BURNE, of Illinois. I ask to in-
troduce a bill for reference.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. Is it a private bill?
Mr. WASHHUItNE, of Illinois. It is not.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. Then i object.
SWEENEY j UITT15N1IOUSB, FA NT AND CO.
Mr. UPSON. 1 ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution:
JJsjoh^/riiat the claim of .Sweeney, Rittenhou?e, F.uit
& Co., icportc d to tlii*. Iloii5«' hy tlie Com t of CKuujss in
Janurti), 1SG-2. be lefened back to said eouit.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suppose that that should
be leferred by a joint resolution. If it is put in
that form I suppose there will be no objection
to it.
Mr. UPSON. I have no objection to that.
The joint resolution was read a first and second
time, and inferred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the regular order of
business.
PAYMENTS TO ILLINOIS CENTRAL RAILROAD.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from the Serretaiy of War, in compliance with a
resolution of the House, showing the payments
made to the Illinois Central Railroad Company
since the passage of the resolution by the House
at the lastsesston; which, on motion of Mr. Hol-
jiANj was ordered to be printed, and referred to
the Committee of Claims.
NORTON'S POST-MARK STAMP.
The SPEAKER also laid before the IIou«c a
letter from the Postmaster General, hansmitting
additional papers in legard to Norton 5s port-mark
stamp; which was refeired to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
OBJECTION DAY.
Mr. HALL moved that the House resolve it-
self into the Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar.
The motion was agreed to.
The Hou*e accordingly resolved itself into the
30
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar, (Mr. .T. C. Allen in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated that this was objec-
tion day,
ALEXANDER F. PRATT.
A bill (H. R. No. 574) for the relief of Alex-
ander F. Piatt.
The biil provides that the Secretary oftheTreas-
ury be directed to pay Alexander F. Pratt $530,
fot pursuing and capturing Elijah K. Janner, con-
victed of counterfeiting United States coin.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. As there is no
report I will, by unanimous consent, make a brief
statement. The bill provides for the paymentof
the expenses of retaking a prisoner convicted by
the United States court and confined in Wauke-
shaw jail. Mr. Pratt, who was sheriff, expended
that amount m the recovery of the prisoner. He
presented his claim to the Lf-gislatui e of Wiscon-
sin, believing they weie immediately responsible
to him, and that the United States was responsi-
ble to them. They examined into the claim and
addressed a memorial to Congress requesting that
it should be paid. I know some of the circum-
stances, and have every reason to believe that the
bill is a just one.
The biil was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
FRIENDLY SIOUX.
An act (S. No. 225) fui the relief of certain
fnendly Indians of the Sioux nation in Minne-
sota.
The bill provides that whereas certain Indians
of the Sioux nation did, during the outbreak in
Minnesota m 18d^, at the risk of their lives, aid
in saving many white men, women, and children
from being massacred, and in consequence of such
action were compelled to abandon then* homes
and propeity, and are now entnely destitute of
the means of suppoit, the President of the Uni-
ted Slates be auihotized and requested to cause
an examination to be mode in relation to all the
facts pertaining to the action of the Indians, and
to make such provisions for their welfai e as their
necessities and future protection may require; and
for the purpose of can ying out the provisions of
this act the sum of $7,500 be appropriated, out
of any money in the Treasury nototherwise ap-
propriated; one thud of the sum to be paid and
expended for the benefit of Am-pe-tu-to-ke-cha,
or John Other-day, ami the remainder for the
benefit of such other Indians as shall appear spe-
cially entitled thereto, for then friendly, extraor-
dinary, and gallant services m rescuing white set-
tlers from massacre in Minnesota: provided that
not more than the sum of $500 shall be expended
for any one Indian ; except the chief above men-
tioned ; and that the Secretary of the Interior shall
report to the next. Congress the names of the In-
dians for whose benefit the same shall be expended,
and the amount expended foi each.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
INDIAN REFUTATIONS.
A bill (II. R. No. 624) to provide for the pay-
ment of the value of eeitain lands and improve-
ments of pnvate citizens appioprutU-d by the
United States for Indian tcbU'Vtilions in the Ter-
ntoiy of Washington.
Tii«. hi1 J appropuah <; £>1S,CU GO, or so much
thereof a;- may be necessary, out of any money
m the Treis'uiy not otheiwise appropriated, for
the purpose of paying for the lands and impi ove-
mcnts of pi i\ateeui::cns, taken and appiopriated
by order of the Dopai tnient of the interior for
Indian icservations and uses m the Temtory of
Washington; and ihe claims hciem provided to
be paid >hall lie allowed and paid m such manner
and upon such ptoofs of the value of the piop-
e> ty as shall be prtsci ibed by the Secretary oj the
Intel ior.
Mr. McBRIDE. Mr. Chairman, with the con-
sent of the committee 1 will state the facts m ref-
eiem'e to the bill. In the years 1^50-57 the In-
dian depaitment instructed the superintendent of
Indian affairs m Washington Temtory to make
certain reservations upon which to placc the In-
dians with whom treaties hud been made, and
by which treaties these Indians were to be pro-
vided with and supported upon lesevves. Under
these instructions the superintendent of Indian •
affairs made several reservations, nearly all of
them including within their limits the lands of
private individuals. Some of these parties had
acquired titles under the donation and preemption
laws, while others had not. Asit became neces-
sary to turn them out of their lands and improve-
ments the Department ordered an investigation
into their value in order to determine upon the
proper restitution. In fixing the value the icfeiees
were composed of three of the best citizens, who
wer& sworn and made up their judgment upon
testimony of sworn witnesses and returned (he
facts to the superintendent of Indian affairs. The
investigation on the part of the Department was
very minute and full, and the amountfixcd in the
biil is exactly the sum which it recommends for
the payment of these claims. These claims have
the indorsement of the superintendent of Indian
affaii s of Washington Territory, are approved by
the authorities in Washington, and after a full
examination by the Committtee on Indian Affairs
I was ordered unanimously to report the claims
to this House and ask an appropriation for their
payment. As there can bo no question about the
justiceand propriety of paying these claims I hope
"the bill will be suffered to pass without objection.
1 have only to add that m fixing the amounts I
find by consulting the papers that the authorities
have not recommended payment for anything but
the improvementson lands, except in those «ases
where the parties have shown that they had com-
pleted a title to their lands themselves. 1 trust,
sir, that the justice of this bill will insure its pas-
sage.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recomendation that it do pass.
HULL AND COZZENH, AND OTHERS.
A bill (II. R. No. 713) for the relief of Hull &
Cozzens, and John Naylor & Co.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to audit and settle the accounts of liull&Cozzens
under a contract with Mark W. Izz.nrd, Governor
of the Teiruory of Nebraska, dated the 28th of
November, 1835; and the accounts of John Nay-
lor & Co., under a similar contract, dated Feb-
ruary 25, ]S5G, for furnishing mateiials for the
capitol building atOmaha City, Nebraska Terri-
tory , and to pay to them, out of any money in tho
Treasury not other wise appropriated, any balan.ee
which may be found due them on their said con-
tracts.
No objection being made, the bill was laid
aside to b« reported to the House, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
BENJAMIN ROACII.
A bill (H. R. No. 149) for tho relief of Ben-
jamin Roach.
Tliebtli and report were read.
Mr. WASHBURNK, of Illinois. I object.
Mr HALE. There is a letter on file from
Gcneial Grant relating to this subject. He says
the claim should be paid.
Mr. WASI-IUURNE, of Illinois. I object.
CHARLES A. PITCHER.
An act (S. No. 338) for the rt lief of Charles A.
Pitcher. [Objected to by Mr. Boutwell.]
FREDERICK SHERIDAN.
A hill (II. R. No. 7IG) for the relief of Freder-
ick Sheridan. [Objected to by Mr. Wasiidurni:,
of Illinois.]
SAMUEL BROWNING.
A bill (II. R. No 715) for ihe relief of Samuel
Browning, of Memphis, Tennessee. [Objected
to by Mr. Wasiieurnk, of Illinois.]
J. J. LINTS.
A bill (II. R. No. 717) for the relief of J.J.
Lints.
