1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1231
nted by the honorable Senator from Nevada [Mr.
Nye] with the Shoshonees, and in the treaties that
were ne^otiatedin Utah with the Indians there, the
stipulation was to supply them with provisions,
with agricultural instruments, and not to give
money; for the purpose is to treat with them,and
accomplish just what the honorable Senator from
Ohio desires; to lead them to agriculture if pos-
sible,as they are driven from their hunting grounds
by the inrushing of our white population. Our
people go into the valleys of the mountains and
go all over the plains; the buffalo is destroyed;
the game is driven away; and the question is,
what is to be done with these Indians? When
you reduce them to such a position that they must
either steal or starve, of course wars are the con-
sequence. The policy which has been adopted,
it seems to me, is the best policy: to come to some
arrangement with them; and it is much cheaper
and more economical to agree with these Indians,
to feed them rather than fight them, even if there
are some contracts made under which unscrupu-
lous men may sometimes overreach the Govern-
ment.'
But, sir, I do not desire to take up the time of
the Senate.
Mr. HARLAN I have no doubt this amend-
ment ought to be made. It is a trifling expendi-
ture compared with the expenditure we are now
incurring in thatdirection ih relation to these same
Indians. The members of the Indian Committee
were of opinion that with a small appropriation
of this kind, the Governor of Dakota Territory
will be able to arrange terms of peace with the
large tiibes of Indians that have been making war
on the Government for the last two years; and
although it does cost a little money to arrange
these matters, it is a mere drop in the bucket com-
Eared with the expense of a military campaign.
t is said to me, on authority that 1 think reliable,
that the campaign up the Missouri river during
the last summer will cost from fourteen to fifteen
million dollars; and if we by an appropriation of
a few thousand dollars can arrange terms of
peace, it will certainly be a great economy to the
Government.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment reported by the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLiTTLE. On page 51, after the word
"dollars" in line twelve hundred and forty-nine,
the committee have instructed me to move to in-
sert the following:
Prodded^ That any part of «aid sum may be used to fur-
libh woo! ut oilier nroe-^aiy muitenals 10 said Indians to
be by them manufactuied into clothing and blankets.
So that the clause will read:
For subsistence foi the Navajo Indians, and for the pur-
chase ot ai«!icuusnai implement5?, boeds,and °ther ameles
necos-a y iot breaking the ground on the i enervation upon
the Pecos river, $100,000: Provided, That any part of t-aid
sum may be tiied to furnish wool or other necusi-ary ma-
terials to said Indians to be by them manulaetuied into
clothing and blankets.
Mi. NYE. 1 should like to hear the chairman
of the Committee on Indian Affairs explain why
this appropiiation of $100,000 is necessary for
New Mexico. I know but very little of Indian
affairs in that Territory; hut it is entirely dispro-
portioned to the number of Indians there and the
result thatis expected to be produced in any other
State orTerritory. I should like to ask him also
whether the same appropriation was not made
last year.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Perhaps the honorable
Senator was not in the Chamber when I addressed
myself to the Senator from Ohio on the subject
of these Navajos.
Mr. NYE. You were addressing him so en-
tirely that I could not hear you.
Mr. DOOLiTTLE. Those Navajoes were
brought by the Military Department and placed
upon a reservation on the Pecos river. There were
about seven thousand of them last year, and there
are now about ten thousand. The military forces
have them there under their control. One bun-
dled thousand dollars was appropriated last year
toward aiding them in making a canal to ungate
the land, furnishing them with necessary seeds,
agricultural implements, &c. We now ptopose
to vary the appropiiation, to authorize the De-
partment to furnish them the wool or other neces-
sary mateiials for the Navajos to manufacture
into clothing and blankets. The Navajos are
the most ingenious manufacturers of blankets in
the world. The girls of the Navajo nation will
make a blanket which, held by the four corners,
will hold water; and water can be carried and
transported on horseback in one of the blankets
that they make. I only speak of that to show
that these Indians are not altogether savages;
they are almost in a condition of the more ad-
vanced Pueblos of New Mexico; and this amend-
ment is to enable them to make their own cloth-
ing.
Besides, I stated to the Senator from Ohio, the
War Department are feeding them at a very
heavy rate of expense to the Government for the
present year. 1 have before me the letter of the
Secretary of the Interior, and of the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs on this subject. They
urge upon us to appropriate §350,000 for the
clothing of these Indians. Under the circum-
stances, the Committee on Indian Affairs have
determined not to ask an additional appropria-
tion, but to enable this appropriation provided
for by the House to be diverted so as to furnish
them with material to make their own clothing as
they have heretofore.
Mr. NYE. The general rule, I believe, is that
the nearer civilized these Indians are, the better
able they are to take care of themselves. Now, I
understand—thegentleman did not answer me on
that point; I presume it slipped his memory—
that there was $100,000 appropriated last year
for this same purpose. Was that expended by
the military, or by the superintendent of Indian
affairs; and what proportion of it was expended
and what result was produced?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I believe the money was
expended under the direction of the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs for that purpose. I have not
gone into all the details of the subject so as to be
able now to state to the Senator from Nevada
precisely what was done with the §100,000.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I have been in the Ne-
vada country and know somethingaboutthatna-
tion of Indians. They lived on their own lands,
they had flocks and herds, and cultivated their
own ground. They were the most powei ful enemy
we had on the frontier of New Mexico. After a
war against them, which had been carried on for
years, they were subjugated about two years
fcJnce, I think. They were taken down to a coun-
try where they did not belong, to a new and
strange country, away from their houses, away
from their lands, away from their flocks and
herds; and there, under the force of the Govern-
ment, compelled to begin life anew.
The Navajos are a very ingenious race of In-
dians. It is my impression, from all I know of
the Indian tribes, that the Navajos are superior
to any race of Indians that I have ever had inter-
course with. It is true they were at war with us,
and they maintained successful war; and the only
Indian tribe that dared to be their adversaries were
the Camanches. They would go down hundreds
of miles and fight the Camanches on their ground,
and the Camanches would make war parlies to
go back and fight them upon their ground. We
had not force enough in New Mexico until re-
cently to make successful war against them. To
secure peace they were brought more dhectly in
contact with our Government; their location was
changed, and they were brought down close to
the valley of the Rio Grande that they might be
supervised by the military forays of the United
States. They require everything, if we are to-
treat them as fair adversaries whom we propose
to protect, for we said to them, " Come downand
settle in this #ew country and make your new
homes, and we will furnish you the materials for
starting in the way of self-subsistence." The
amount here is nothing like equal to what might
be justly demanded, to do full justice to them, ac-
cording to the compact with them when they
agieed to leave their own homes, two or three
hundred miles distant, and make their homes
where they would be within the reach of our Gov-
ernment. I think the appropriation a very small
one for the puiposc of tendering exact justice to
those Indians.
Sir, they are not savages. They arc highly intel-
ligent Indians of the Azrec race. They are warlike,
but only so for the purpose of self-protection as a
rule. They cultivate the ground; and, as wassaid
by my friend from Wisconsin, they are the best
spinners and weavers in the world. 1 have lain
many a night under a Navajo blanket when the
storm was high and the rain fell fast, and their
blankets are impervious to "the rain. They un-
derstand anumberof themechanic arts, sufficient
for their purpose. There are no Indians on the
continent that have any relation to us that are
anything like their equals. We have promised
them protection if they would change their homes,
and §100,000 is not anything like equal to their
necessities.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. On page 48, line eleven
hundred and sixty-seven, I move to strike out
"thirty" and insert "fifty-five;"%o that the
clause will lead:
For the purchase of cattle for beef and milk, together
with clothing and food, teams, and farming tools tor In-
dians m California, $55,000.
I will state to the Senator from Ohio, or any
gentleman who desires an explanation, that this
is the amount that was estimated for by the De-
partment; it is the amount that has been appro-
priated for several years past; and now that our
currency has become so inflated, as we pay in
currency, the amount in California is substan-
tially reduced to one half or even more than one
half. Itseems to me very bad policy now to make
this reduction when no reason isgiven for it. Cal-
ifornia once embraced two superintendences. It
has since been consolidated into one; and this is
the sum which was allowed to take charge of the
Indians there, and keep the peace.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have another appropri-
ation in relation to California. It is the same ap-
propriation which was contained in a bill passed
by the Senate the other day, but which has failed
to become a law from its not having passed the
House. I move to insert, on page 48, after line
eleven hundred and sixty-seven, the following:
For the puipo^e of enabling the Seeretaiy of the Interior
to pay the settles in Iloopa vallfy, C.dilotma, for their im-
provement1! on the Indian leseivation thereon, .560,000, or
so much tbereol as may be necessity: Provided, That be-
foie the same, or any pait of the money hereby appropii-
ated, shall be paid,the Kiid impioveniHitssliali be appraised
by the supeiiutendent of Indian afT-rii*, the Indian agent
at said re&ervauon, and the Mirvtyor gcneial ot California ;
and if, in the opinion of the Sociotary of the Tntetior, their
appiaiisement shall be reasonable, and shall not in the ag~
giegate exceed the sum iieum appropriated, the bald See-
ictary is hereby aiitliouzed to apply the dame, oi so much
thereof as may be necessary, in payment for the said im-
piovements, taking proper releases therefor: Jind provided
'further, That the moneys hereby appiopriauid be reim-
bursed from the proceeds of the snle^of Indian leseivations
in said State under the provisions of the "act to piovide
(oi the belter organization of Indian aliuirs In CalHornia,"
approved Apul 8,18d4.
Mr. SHERMAN. I raise the point of order
that this is an appropriation for a private claim.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to state simply
a fact to the Senator from Ohio, and then let the
sense of the'Senate be taken on the question
whether it is within the rule or not. 1 under-
stand the facts to be that in the north part of
California for several years past we have had
some seven or eight companies of United States
soldiers at war with some Indians there. They
have come at last to an arrangement for peace,
the basis of which is that they are to go into the
Hoopa valley and live there and be atpeace. But
in this Hoopa valley there are certain persons re-
siding, our own citizens, who are upon some lands
there; and the bill to which this proposition was
reported as an amendment a year ago provided
for appraising those claims; but from the dis-
turbed state of affairs there it was not carried out.
The bill provided that commissioners should be
appointed to appraise the claimsand they should
report to Congress, and then Congress should
pass a law on the subject of those claims. But
this has occurred since the treaty was made, and
now the provision in thisamenclment is that these
lands are to be appraised by the supei intendentof
Indian affairs, the surveyor general of Califor-
nia, and the agent of the Indians residing in this
Hoopa valley; and from all the information I can
obtain of those gentlemen, if the judgment of any
man in California can betaken on any sucli ques-
tion we can take theirs. We limit thfc whole
amount of appiopriatton not to exceed £60,000,
which is the statement made of the value of this
property. Now, here is thedifficulty. How can
you carry out the arrangement with those Indians
and have those settlers still remain in the valley
and occupy the land? It is a necessity, as it
