1232
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March ^
seems to me, that this arrangement should be
made.
Mr. SHERMAN. That does not reach the
point of order at all. The point of order is that
this is money due to private individuals. The
statement of the Senator from Wisconsin shows
clearly that it comes within the rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr-POMEROY.)
The Chair will submit the question whether the
amendment shall be received to the sense of the
Senate.
Mr. CONNESS. I am very much astonished
that the chairman of the Committee on Finance
should make this objection to this amendment.
It is not to p&y for a debt due, and therefore it is
not a private claim. It is not in the nature of a
claim. The main facts were stated by the hon-
oiable chairman of the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs. I add this statement as I am particularly
acquainted with the whole matter. Under the act
which reduced the expenses of Indian affairs in
California largely, and which is now rapidly car-
rying Indian affairs to a basis of self-support in
that State, which we expect to reach very soon,
it was necessary to abandon certain reservations
in that State, and among them is what is known
as the Nomee-Lackee reservation, where the lands
are of great value. The act providing for the re-
organization of Indian affairs in California, to
which the Senator from Wisconsin refers, pro-
vided for the sale of that reservation. Ho states
exactly the factwhen he says that for three years
past there has been a war carried on there; no
matter of joke at all, but a very seveie contest*, and
the United States have had six companies of reg-
ular soldiers employed in carrying on that war.
Recently terms of peace have been made, and a
treaty with the Indians, by which it was stipu-
lated, or rather said, that if the Indians would
give up their mms and submit to the authority
of the United States the Government would pur-
chase lioopa valley, as it was their most imme-
diate locality, for them to reside in. Now, the
question is whether we shall make an appropria-
tion to cairy out the treaty and bargain made,
it is not in the nature of a claim at ail. We
simply propose to pay the settlers in that valley
for the improvements they have made there, and
extinguish their title, while we propose to give to
the United States the more valuable lands that aie
being abandoned as reservations. It can in no
manner be subject to the Senator's point of order
at all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
have the 30th rule of the Senate read.
The Secretary read , as follows:
30. No amendment proposing additional appropriations
shall be received to any general appiopruuon hill unless it
be made loeauy out the pioviMon-. of some exiting law,
or some act or n;<ohmon piovimwly passed by tlio Senate
ilinma; t lint session, or moved by dneetion of a standing or
select eoimuitleo ol the Senate, or in pursuance of an es-
timate Ikuk the head ot'i-ome ot Uie Derailments ; and no
■awiidinenl shall be leceived whose object is to pi ovule lor
a private oirom, unless it be lo eany .mt the provisions of
an existing law oi a tieaty stipulation."
Mr. CONNESS. This is to carry out the terms
of an existing law.
Mr. SHERMAN. No.
Mr, CONNESS. £ will call the attention of
die Senator to the law.
Mr. SHERMAN. Read the law.
Mr. CONNESS. I will, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN, If there is a law making an
appropiiauon, where is the necessity of anew
law? If there is a lav/ on the subject, why in-
troduce a bill at this session and send it to the
other House? v/e mjstenforec the rule in every
case, or not ^nfoice it all.
Mr. HARLAN. Tins case is about as follows,
I think: about a year ago a law was passed by
Congress authorizing the Sccietary of the Intel tor
to appraise the improvements made on the land by
settlers in ihi*5 Hoopa. valley, and to report the
appraised value of those lands to Congiess, with
a view of the puiehu.se of the lands, and with a
-view of the location of the Indians m that valley.
This has not been done. A war has been going
on between the Government and these Indians,
•and, as we are informed by the Department, it has
become absolutely nocrtssary for the purpose of
preserving peace that they should he immediately
located in the valley, perhaps before this appraise-
ment can be made, and be submitted to Congress
it* next session; and this amendment offered
by the chairman is to enable the Secretary to buy
the improvements.
I might say to the Senator from Ohio that these
men own the improvements they have made on
this land. They have a right to settle on it under
the preemption law, and if not taken by the Gov-
ernment they would have a right when the land
is surveyed. I do not know whether they are or
not.
Mr. CONNESS. No, sir.
Mr. HARLAN. They would have a right as
soon as the lands were surveyed, to enter the lands
at $1 25 an acre. This proposition is to extin-
guish at once the inchoate right of these settlers
under the preemption law; and it is intended that
the money shall be refunded so soon as the lands
now or hereafter occupied by the Indians can be
sold under the law of Congress to which I have
referred. The operation of this amendment will
be a temporary loan to the Indian department by
the Treasury.
Mr. CONNESS. I will now read for the in-
formation of the Senator from Ohio from page 43
of the Statutes of the hist Congress, the proviso
to the second section of an act entitled "An act
to provide for the better organization of Indian
affairs in California:"
" And frovided further, That ifit shall be found imprac-
ticable to establish tiie resetvationrf herein contemplated
without embiaelng improvements made within their limits
by white persons lawfully there, the Secretary of the In-
teuoi is hereby authorized and empowered to contract ioi
the purchase of such improvement-., af a nriee not exceed-
ing a lair valuation thereof, to be made under Ins direction."
The amendment is in exact contemplation of
this law and carrying out its provisions; and I
beg to say to the Senator that the Treasury will
not lose a single dollar of this appropriation. It
is true this money is to be now appropriated, but
the sale of the lands in Nomee-Lackee icscivu-
tion, which is to be paid into the Treasury, will
pay for it three or four limes over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
take the sense of the Senate on the question of
order submitted by the Senator from Ohio unless
it is withdrawn.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is not withdrawn. I :
have no doubt at all that this is a private claim
intended to furnish money to particular individ-
uals designated and described by the amendment.
It is so regarded by the Senator from California,
who introduced a bill which has passed the Sen-
ate, as I am informed, and gone to the other House;
and if we are to put all such bills on appropria-
tion bills I am in despair of ever getting through
with this bill in time to pass the tax bill.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Allow me to state for the
information of the honorable Senator—his mind
is so much occupied with regard to the business
of his own committee that he could not have given
attention to this subject—that the bill intioduced
by the Senator from California embraced matters
in relation to all these reservations in California,
and it was general in its nature. But here is the
point, and herein is where this is not, in my judg-
ment, a private claim: these settlers are now upon
the lands in Hoopa valley,unwilling to leave un-
til they arc paid. Iioware you going to get them
out? There was a provision under that law last
year which provided that the Secretary of the In-
teiior might enter into a contract with them for
their improvements, but the contract should not
bo binding until it came back to Congress. Then
the war with these Indians was still going on.
Now, as I understand, it has been terminated,
with the expiess undeistandmg that this Hoopa
valley should be thens. They want to go in, and
many of them have been takea^into this valley
already. I do not understand tlfat the Secretary
has made a contract for tlse purchase of the lands,
but this amendment provides that, with this
$60,000, he may purchase the improvements of
thcrfc settlers; but in making that purchase he is
to have the superintendent of Indian affans, the
surveyor general of the State of Cahfoinia, and
the Indian agent to appraise the property, and
$60,000 is the limit.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator permit me
to say in addition, as I do not v/ant to take up time,
that this valley has been selected and confirmed by
the President of the United States as a resei vation,
and there is left nothing to do but to appraise the
improvements and pay for them; and it has been
selected and ratified by the President in pursu-
ance to law.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to know, if that
is so, why this is not a private claim. It seems,
according to the statement of the Senator from
California, that this Government has entered into
a contract with certain individuals residing upon
a piece of land, and has agreed to pay them a cer-
tain amount.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. No such contract has
been made.
Mr. McDOUGALL. If the Senator from Iowa
will allow me, it is not a private claim, for this
reason: the Government have undertaken to lo-
cate the Indians in that valley, and have so treated
with them; but they are not in possession of the
valley, for legal rights exist there on the part of
persons in possession under the preemption la'ws
of the United States. The Government, not hav-
ing possession of it, cannot carry out its contract
or treaty. Therefore it is a matter not for in-
dividuals, but for the Government. It is acting
directly to furnish the means to the Government
officers to carry out its own foregone obligation.
That is not a private claim. It is merely giving
power to the Government to perform obligations
already contracted.
.Mr. GRIMES. Admitting it to be a fact that
the President, or any one of his subordinates, has
made an express contract with the parties who
are in possession of these lands to pay them for
their improvements, I think this state of facts is
agreed on all hands: that a portion of the public
domain was occupied by certain settlers upon it
who had made improvements; those settlers claim
to be reimbursed for the value of those improve-
ments; and we are told they refuse to .leave the
public domain and surrender their possession un-
til they are reimbursed. It is asserted by the
Senator from California, [Mr. Conness,] and by
others, that these persons who have made the
improvements refuse to leave until what they say
is their valid subsisting claim against the Govern-
ment for theirimprovements shall have been paid
to them; and now it is proposed by the proposi-
tion under consideration to pay those claims for
improvements. Ifit is not a private claim i do
not know what is.
Mr. CONNESS. It is not a private claim in
any sense. The United States have undertaken
to locate a leservation for public uses. They
have accomplished that. The act has been rati-
fied by the President. A part of that business,
in pursuance of law, is yet to be done. What is it?
The appraisement of the value of the improve-
ments there is to be ascertained. This is an
appropriation asked to meet that appraisement
when it shall be made in pursuance of public pol-
icy and law. Senators in their anxiety to oppose
this, raise a point of order that it is a private claim
which ought to go into the Court of Claims or to
the Committee on Claims. I think itis notin any
sense a private claim.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The Government under-
took to locate the Indians on thisland, assuming
that the Government would be able to relieve the
valley from their presence. The obligation is
charged on the Government. Individuals are not
coming here and claiming §60,000, but it is an
appropriation asked to enable the Governments
carry out its own action. Itis not a private claim,
and cannot be so denominated in any proper sense.
Mr. GRIMES. Let me ask what is to be done
with the money sought to be appropriated by this
amendment ? is it not to go to pay claims of the
individuals settlers on this re-servation ? Ifit be
not to pay for those claims, why do they ask for
an appi opriation ?
Mr. McDOUGALL. Does that make it a pri-
vate claim? Of couise all the money that is ap-
propriated by this Government in any bill is to
pay some existing obligation or some anticipated
obligation on the part of the Government. John
Smith, and John Doe, and Richaid Roe do not
in this instance come hereclaiminganything, but
the Executive Department of the Government
having done certain things, ask that they may be
enabled to carry out their contracts in good faith,
and to put in possession of this land the Indians
to whom they promised possession. The land
there is possessed by citizens of the United States
who have rights of property, and the appropria-
tion is to pay them for surrendering those rights,
like all appropriations are made to pay some-
body. It is for a public purpose, to carry out a
public contract for the public good, anddoea not
