468
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
the publication of the papers of James Madison
was read three times, and passed.
QUOTAS OF THE STATES.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will con-
tinue calling up the resolutions on the table in
their order. The next is the resolution submitted
by the Senalorfrom Delaware [Mr. Riddle] call-
ing for the number of soldiers and sailors fur-
nished byj,he loyal States under the proclamation
of the President for five hundred thousand men,
dated July 16,1864. To this resolution the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia reported
an amendment, which will be read.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Strike out all after the word "resolved" and insert:
That the Secretary of Warbodircctod to inform the Sen-
ate what number of soldiers and sailors, stating each sep-
arately, the several States, Ten-stories, and the Distiiet of
Columbia have furnished tiie Army and Navy undci all the
calls heretofore made, setting forth the number demanded
and the number furnished under each call.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. When the resolu-
tion was last before the, Senate the Senator from
Vermont [Mr. Gollamer] proposed to amend (he
amendment by adding to it the words " and the
time for which the same weie enlisted."
The amendment to the amendment waa adopted,
and the amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was agreed to.
CONDUCT Off GENERAL PAINE AT PADUCAH.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next resolu-
tion is one offered by the Senatorfrom Kentucky,
[Mr. Powell,] requesting; the President of the
United States to cause Brigadier General E. A.
Paine to be arraigned and tiied for his conduct
while in command at Paducah, Kentucky.
Mr. POWELL. I do not wish that resolution
to be acted upon until we receive a response to
the resolution which the Senate has passed ask-
ing for the report of the commission appointed
to investigate the conduct of General Paine. I
believe that the Secretary of War has not yet
responded to that resolution. I move, therefore,
that this resolution lie oil the table l'or the present.
The motion was agreed to.
COMMITTEE ON CORRUPTIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next resolu-
tion in order is a resolution offered by the Sena-
tor from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,] which will be
read.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
Rcsoli'ctl, Tliat the special rule of the Somite, No. 3-1, lie
amended by adding these vvouls; "A committee lor the in-
vestigation of the corruptions of the Government in all its
Departments and offices, to consist of live members.5'
Mr. DAVIS. I will say but a word in relation
to this resolution. If the rule which it proposes
should be adopted, and the proper men should be
appointed from session to session to serve on that
committee, and they would faithfully and dili-
gently discharge theirduties, there is no commit-
tee organized by the Senate that, in my opinion,
would render anything like theamount ofservice
to the Government and country that such a com-
mittee would. I do not propose to say anything
more but merely to ask for the yeas and nays on
the question of adopting the resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is the resolution now be-
fore the Senate?
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. It is, and the ques-
tion is on it« adoption.
Mr. SHERMAN. If such a resolution was
offered in the House of Representatives, upon
charges made in that body against any officer of
the Government, I would always vote for a spe-
cial or even for a general comnntteeof investiga-
tion; but it seems to me that it is a departure ftum
the usage and theory and organization of the Sen-
ate to examine into any such matters. The House
of Representatives are the proper custodians of
the morals of the people arid of the duties of pub-
lic officers. They are the examining tribunal,
made so by the Constitution. They impeach;
we try; in that respect this is a judicial tribunal.
It seems to me we ought not to enter into the in-
vestigation of matters that may lead to an im-
peachment. The whole theory of our Govern-
ment is against the proposition of the honorable
Senator from Kentucky. All accusations made
against officers should be made in the House of
Representatives; and when theyassumedueform
and solemnity in the natureof chatges, they may
be sent to us for trial; but wc ought not here to
institute preliminary examinations which may
lead to an impeachment. If we do, the result-of
the examinations would have to go to the House
of Representatives.
Itseems to me, therefore,that this is notthebody
to organize such a committee, even if one is de-
sirable; but I doubt very much whether one ought
to be formed in either House of a permanent,
standing character. When accusations are made
against any of the Governmentofficers the House
is always ready to engage in the examination,
and no party dare refuse, upon the proper show-
ing, to engage in the examination of charges of
fraud and corruption. I am sure that the present
controlling party in this country would not dare
to refuse to examine into a charge made against
any officer of the Government upon sufficient
showing and grounds. The House might refuse
such an examination when the charge was too
general and undefined; but when a distinct charge
of corruption or fraud is made against any officer
of the Government, the House of Representatives
has always been willing, under all Administra-
tions, to examine into that charge. It seems to
me that the Senate is not the tribunal to institute
these examinations, and I should be very sorry
indeed to see a rule adopted which would place
among uur standing committees a committee to
examine into frauds and corruptions, when we
might be compelled judicially to sit upon those
very matters when presented by the House of
Representatives in a constitutional form.
Mr. 1CALE. I doubt whether anything will
come of this. 1 have known something about
these investigations. I think the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio who has just addressed the Chair
could give some information on the subject of how
much weight and cffcct are given to the results
which committees of investigation comp to. I
think ho in the House of Representatives was at
the head of a committee that investigated some
naval contracts, and I think they found some
very gross evidences of fraud, and they got a
resolution of censure through the House, and there
the matter ended.
There was a committee appointed by the Sen-
ate at the last session to investigate matters con-
nected with naval supplies. The committee at-
tended to that duty very laboriously, and they
laid some results before the Senate and before
the country which I think were most conclusive
as to the existence of gross fraud. Well, sir, do
you know what use the thing was? One of the
material witnesses in that case, one of the most
respectable men in Boston, who testified, and tes-
tified very fully before that committee,pretty soon
after he went home was seized, his store seized,
his papers seized, his wife's papers seized, and he
was sent to a military fort and ordered not to be
released under u bail of ^500,000, and was ordered
to Philadelphia for trial. That was a little too
strong even for the city of Boston, considering
that to lender the thing more notorious the arrest
was made on the 17th of June.
Mr. DAVIS, 1 will ask the honorable Sena-
tor if the offense for which that gentleman was
seized and imprisoned was merely that of giving
m his testimony and his exposuie of those frauds?
Mr. HALE. That is my opinion, but it was
not the assigned cause. They ordered him, as I
have said, to be confined in Fort Warren, and not
to be released under $500,000 bail, and ho was or-
dered to Philadelphia for trial. This was a lit-
tle too much for the loyal city of Boston, and it
created such indignation theio that a delegation
of citizens of Massachusetts-*! think the hon-
orable Senatoron my left [Mr. Surineh] was one
of them—represented this thing to die President,
and the President countermanded the order for
carrying a citizen of Massachusetts from Boston
to Philadelphia for trial. The paities that had
directed the bail to be put at $500,000 began to
be a little a!aimed,and they consented to take off
£.180,000 of the sum and liberate him on a bail
of $20,000, which was done.
{Jut that was not all. It was not the witnesses
only that were to be punished. They sent a
roving; commission to Boston and to Portsmouth,
New Hampshire, to see not only if they could
iind something against the witnesses, but against
the unfortunate gentleman who stood at the head
of that committee, and had been instrumental in
exposing these frauds. I will' read to you the
written instructions that this commission came
to Portsmouth with, to show you who take care
of these things:
Some time in 1861 or spring of 1862 a lot of ship tim-
ber was prepared for Captain M<iiey ; but he gave up the
buildmg of sJups, and tins timlvr was ofierod to the Navy
Department at Portsmouth at fouttpen dollars per ton, and
refused, (wlio weiethe paities ofieiing it.3) and in a short
time afterward the timber was put in the yaul-at twenty-
eight dollars per ton, (who put it in ? and did John P.Hale
have an}thing to do with it directly or mdnectly ?)
"Who is James Tarltonl lie says Hale managed the
affair.
"Do you know anything where Hale has been inter-
ested?"
Those were the instructions with which the
gentleman who is said to be the actual Secretary
of the Navy sent a roving commission to Charles-
town.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will inquire of the honor-
able member, did those instructions come from
the Navy Department?
Mr. HALE. I cannot say who wrote them,
or in whose handwriting they arc, but those were
the instructions that were furnished to the com-
mission that went to the Portsmouth navy-yard
to investigate the frauds of that transaction, or
such frauds as they could find.
Mr. JOHNSON. You do not know who fur-
nished them to the commission?
Mr. HALE. No; but you know I am a Yan-
kee, and I have the privilege of guessing.
Air. DAVIS. Whom do you guess ?
Mr. HALE. I guess it was the man who is
called the actual Secretary of the Navy, and I
have no doubt about it.
Mr. POWELL. Give us the name.
Mr. HALE. Oh, no; I prefer to he a little
Fox-y on that and keep dark. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, 1 think before the Senate or Congress
institute any more investigations into frauds,
they should take some measure to vindicate their
own authority and protect their own witnesses
who testify before them. This, which was fur-
nished to me in writing as one of the written in-
structions to this committee that came to Ports-
mouth, is only one of a great many similar
insinuations with which they were charged to
investigate the conduct of tins Hale, both at
Charleston and at Portsmouth; and the reason
that it is not duly pioved is that the authors of
it could not find any witnesses so base as them-
selves. They could fabricate, but they could not
get witnesses to sustain it; and that is the whole
of it.
I think this matter of investigation has got to
be a farce. If you will read the report of that
committee you will see evidence of the most con-
clusive character of fraud, not upon the Navy
Department, but in it. What did they do ? What
did the Administration do when they found fraud
in that Department? Did they investigate it? Not
at all; but they sent this commission roving over
the countiy to see if they could not iind something
else.
The papers have been filled lately with reve-
lations of tremendous frauds perpetrated at the
navy-yard at Philadelphia. It is saul that Phil-
adelphia lawyers are very keen and cute and acute,
and it has been a by-word that " a man is as keen
as a Philadelphia lawyer," or it would take a
Philadelphia lawyer to do that." But, sir, smart
as the Philadelphia lawyers were, keen as they
were, and numerous as they were, there was not
one of them keen enough for the pui poses of this
inquiry, and they sent to Now Hampshire and
imported a lawyer from New Hampshire to Phila-
delphia, to investigate the frauds that were prac-
ticed in the Philadelphia navy-yard upon the Navy
Department. 1 think that hereafter the keenness
of the Philadelphia lawyers will be at a discount
if that was an actual necessity.
Mr. President, I am tired to death with these
investigations. I have not failed since i have
been a member of this body to denounce fraud
wheiever I have seen it. We had plenty of speci-
mens of it under Democratic Administrations, and
we pointed them out. There was a war made upon
Paraguay. We fitted out a naval expedition and
sent it there, and at the mouth of our cannon we
forced a treaty out of Paraguay to pay our own
citizens what Paraguay owed them. We got a
commission. We gota citizen of the United States
appointed arbitrator under that commission; and
what did he find ? He found that we were actually
indebted to Paraguay, and not a dollar was due to
us. Bui still, sir, the expedition did just exactly
