1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
469
what it was intended to do. A great naval expe-
dition was gotten up at the public expense, and
made a raid upon the Treasury, and succeeded.
Then there was a war made upon Utah; and after
immense sums had been spent and everything had
been done, so far as preying upon the Treasury
"was concerned, they found that they had carried
the war far enough; and I believe there was not
a soldier went to Utah.
Mr. CONNESS. Oh, yes, they did.
Mr. HALE. Did they'do anything?
Mr. CONNESS. No, sir.
Mr. HALE. My friend says they went as far
as Utah, but they did nothing. That Adminis-
tration had got to be corrupt.
When this Administration came into power I
had hoped—I confess 1 was green enough to be-
lieve—that I was acting with a party who were
now in power that were ready to put their hand
upon these frauds and upon the perpetrators of
Ihem. I have pointed them out again and again;
and the result is, that instead of punishing the
fraudulent perpetrators of these wrongs, they
have turned round and constituted themselves
guardians of the Senate, and sent commissionois
over the country tosecif there was notsomethmg
thatsome Senator had done that it was incumbent
upon them to rectify and punish; and Senators
now art here, whenever they touch any fraud, at
the pen! of calling upon their heads the vengeance
of those who perpetrate it.
Mr. President, upon leaving the Senate, I will
soy to my friends, that if there is one thing to
which we are pledged it is honesty, or at least an
approximation to it. There is no party that can
stand before the country, before history, and be-
fore posteiity, that habitually disregaids it. En-
gaged as wc are in the most momentous struggle
that the history of the world has ever witnessed,
and with the consequences depending upon tin1,
manner in which this great problem is to be
solved, it becomes us, as a nation whose confi-
dence is in the God of justice, that wedo not sep-
arate Him from the support of our cause. It is
an old and true and true observation, applicable
to national as well as individual affaits, that" hon-
esty is the best policy."
1 respect the puipose of the honorable Senator
from Kentucky, but do not talk to me about any
more committees, either standing or special, to
investigate frauds in any Department of this Gov-
ernment until you have begun to mark with your
censure at least some of those that have alteady
been pointed out. TiiO'.e is a policy which says
■—and I regret it, but i have met it; I have met it
on this floor and I have met it elsewhere—that
when delinquencies are perpetrated, especially if
an election is about pending, and any of our own
friends have been guilty or suspected, that wc
(should tread cautiously and lightly and delicately
upon it, lest in punishing some of the guilty per-
petrators we do injuiy to the great cause we have
at heart and with which they are connected. Mr.
President, such a policy as that is an encourage-
ment to peculators and plunderers and thiev-s to
unite themselves with the popular party, with the
majority vl.o control the legislative and executive
departments: it is an invitation to them to join
that party, because they say, " If wc do it we may
then steal ad libitum) and no reckoning will be
made with us, no punishment will be visited upon
us, ient it may injure the party." That policy is
subversive of the highest dictates of morality and
the clearest demands of patriotism.
►Sir, this country can never comc out of this
great struggle,as I trust it will,as I hope it will,
as I believe it will—it can never come out of it
triumphantly until we cut loose from frauds and
coirupnons of every kind and make ourselves
clean before the nation and before God. If wc
hesitate, if we pause in such a work, n seems to
me that wc are unworthy of the position that
we occupy and of the dutv which the country
rcqunes of ub. While you have reports upon
reports made by committees of this body and of
the House of Representatives, and the evidence is
puljhslu d and there is an end of it, do not talk to
me, in Heaven's name, about any more commit-
tees of investigation, special or geneial, but 
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 rise to ask the Senator
from New liampfhire what was the result of the
trial of the person who testified to whom he has
alluded?
Mr. HALE. It is not promulgated yet.
Mr. JOHNSON. Has he been tried?
Mr. WILSON. He has been tried, and the
verdict is in the hands of the Government, but it
is not promulgated yet.
Mr. HALE. Now, Mr. President, I desire
to say right here what 1 would not have said
otherwise. I suppose it is too late at this* time
to undertake to correct any errors of legislation
that we have committed in regard to the authority
we have conferred upon these courts-martial,
naval and military; but I want to call your atten-
tion to a few facts. Commodore Wilkes 
• The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The Senator from New Hampshire
will suspend his remaiks. Further debate on
this question at this time is arrested by the special
order, the morning hour having expired, that
special order being the joint resolution in respect
to retaliation.
ENROLLED BELLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. Clinton Li.oyu, Chief Cletk, announced
that the Spejiker had signed the following enrolled
bills and joint resolution; which thereupon re-
ceived the signature of the Vice President:
A hill (S. No. 363) to amend the charter of the
Washington Gas-Light Company;
A hill (II. R. No. 94) for the relief of Isaac II.
Dillcr;
A bill (II. R. No. 394) for the relief of Mary
Scales Acc.udi;
A bill (II. R. No. G32) to amend an act enti-
tled " An act to incorporate the Metropolitan
Railroad Company m the District of Columbia/*'
approval July J, 1864; and
A joint ^solution (II. R. No. 90) reserving
mineral lands from the opeiation of all acts passed
at the fust session of the Thirty-Eighth Congress
granting lands;, or extending the time of former
giants.
RETALIATION ON REBEL PRISONERS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the joint resolution
(ti. R. No. 97) advising retaliation for the cruel
treatment of prisoners by the insurgents, the pend-
ing question being on the motion of Mr. "Wilson
to recommit the resolution, together with all the
amendments and proposed amendments, to the
Committee on Military Aflairs and the Mii.itm.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, I probably
would not trouble the Senate at this time with any
icnuukson this subject beyond those submitted
by me at the beginning of the discussion, had it
not been tor what seemed to me to be a very
strange nii*>appiehei>Niun of my meaning. Al-
though I do not deem what may be thought of
what I have said here of much consequence, yet
perhaps there is nothing amiss in my attempting
to i-et myself right; and m doing this I propose
to submit a few remaiks upon the geneial ques-
tion.
War, Mr. President, is in itself in its very na-
ture i etaiiatory. Noju«t war can commence by an
ouranized community except for the punishment
of mjuiies received or insults offered by another
oigauized community orcivjl power. If the paity
assailed should submit to the infliction of this pun-
ishment there would be no war; but if resistance
is made, a conflict of arms ensues and war is pro-
duced. A repetition of these attempts to punish,
on the one hand, and resistance or counter as-
saults, protracts the wer. Each belligerent act is,
then-fore, m n certain sense, retaliatory. This is
tni" of individual conflicts a3 well as national
struggles Neither can continue unless blows are
£tven°as well as leeeived. To avoid unneeessaiy
suffering in civilized countries ccitain uilesare
obsei ved by Guvr rnmcnts as well as by gentle-
men, for the nroteet'on of non-combatants and
private ptoputy. Whatever injury may be in-
llicted by a belligerent on the ptison or property
of the pi ivate citizens of the enemy V country, or
on individual combatants not necessary fur the
achieviment of the object of the content is un-
justifiable cruelty, arid hence is said to be m vio-
lation of the rules of civ ilized warfare, and should
be scrupulously avoided. Such <";U of wanton-
ness should he avoided both because they are use-
less and ciuel and on account of the de "iior^lrzing
effect their toleration must produce on the nation
itself which practices or permits them. ikU if
during the exiu^nce of war either belligerent de-
i aru irem the ordinary rules observed by civilized
nations,the other party has no alternative but to
make a departure also so far forth as may be ne-
cessary to compel the delinquent to observe them.
This is called the law of retaliation.
The honorable Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Davis] read some authorities to show that when
this punishment is inflicted in retaliation for a
departure from the rules of civilized warfare, it
ought to be administered in all cases upon the
very individuals that made the departure.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator per*
mit me to explain ?
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. I said that where the law of re-
taliation was inflicted so as to produce death, the
two authorities which 1 read laid down the prin-
ciple that it could only be inflicted on those who
were personally guilty of the offenses to which
the retaliation was to be applied. But I stated
that 1 carried the law of retaliation further than
those two authorities, and that under certain cir-
cumstances persons not personally guilty should
be punished by death, but not by starvation.
Mr. IIARLAN. Then I stand corrected. It
seems that the honorable Senator read from au-
thors that inculcated this doctrine, as I stated, but
that he disagreed with them, I suppose. It is, how-
ever, the duty ofthe belligerent to seize the very in-
dividuals that perpetrate the wrong and inflict the
retaliatory punishment on the identical parties
perpetrating the outrages if it can obtain posses-
sion of their persons. If they cannot do so, then
it is the duty ofthe bclhgercntaggrievod to bring
the facts in the case to the attention of the author-
ities controlling the opposing forces, and demand
redress, or the surrender of the culprits for pun-
ishment by the injured party. If, however, this
is refused, there is no alternative but to resort to
what is styled, I believe, technically the lex talio-
nis; not on account of a feeling of revenge, not in
wantonness of spirit, not for the purpose of in-
flicting punishment on innocent individuals per
sc, but for the purpose of deterring the opposing
belligerent Power from a continuance of the
wrongs.
This is the law of nations as well as the law of
common sense, which no Senator can, ns it is sup-
posed, successfully refute either by the citation
of standard authorities, or by any correct princi-
ples of reasoning. It is the right of the belligerent
to correct such wrongs by the use of such punish-
ment as may be necessary to deter the offender
from continuing the wrongful practice; and just
so lar forth a belligerent has a right to depart from
what would otherwise be the rules controlling
civilized mHioris in carrying on a war. They
have no other alternative. No other mode of
redress is within their leach.
This is not only in accordance with the doc-
trines laid down by standard publicists on this
subject, andall correct reasoning, but it is in strict
accordance with the practice of civilized nations,
our own nation included. It was piacticed dur-
ing the revolutionary struggle, during the war
of 1812, and we have icsorted to the infliction of
retaliatory punishment again and again during the
continuance of the existing struggle. Our Gov-
ernment ha?) repeatedly inflicted the punishment
of death on rebels, personally innocent of any
offense, in retaliation for the murder of Union
soldiers by the lebels. Theirpnsoners have also
for the same reason occasionally been subjected
to great peril that would otherwise have been in
violation of the rules which control civilized na-
tions in the conduct of a war. This was done at
Charleston, at Richmond,at Dutch Gap, and per-
haps dlmobt every day on our lines of communi-
cation to the front. For the purpose of deterring
guei villas from firing into our trains and our trans-
ports, onr authorities have been compelled to put
on board eminent rebel citizens, or rebel prisoners,
thus compelling them to share the danger to which
our troops were ciuelly exposed by these assas-
sin-like enemies while on their way to the front.
Jt is admitted that such acts of retaliation are
justifiable and in strict conformity with the rules
of war as practiced by the most civilized nations.
And as practiced by our authorities this retalia-
tion haw pioved effective.
This In nigs me to the case before the Senate.
It 13 said by the Committee on Military Affairs,
in the preamble to the resolution now pending,
that it has come to the knowledge of Congress
that the rebel authorities have deliberately de-
