m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
parted from the usages of civilized nations in the
treatment of prisoners of war now in their hands,
not in isolated cases which might be explained to
have occurred on account of the bad character of
officers here and there temporarily in charge of
"our prisoners, but that it has been ascertained to
be the rule and not an exception. The rebels
seem to have deliberately adopted and persist in
practicing the most shameful treatment of these
victims of their barbarity from day to day and
from month to month, Itdoubtless has been done
for a purpose; as diplomatists would say, for
reasons of state, to compel the Government to
.'agree to their terms in the exchange of prisoners.
This reminds me of what seemed to me to be a
strange misapprehension of my opinions on the
subject of the propriety of exchanges by Senators
who havepreceded me in this discussion. They
have addressed me in this discussion as an op-
ponent^ the policy. Sir, have I ever opposed
it? Have I ever thrown impediments in the way
of a just rule for the mutual exchange of prison-
ers of war ?
Why, sir, before a single prisoner had been
exchanged, after the commencement of this war,
and, so far as I know before any effort had been
made to secure the adoption of a policy for the
exchange of prisoners, I, at my desk here, drew
Up a paper requesting the President of the United
States to adopt some just means to secure the ex-
change of Union troops held as prisoners of war,
presented it to every Senator occupying a scat on
this floor for his signature, and then submitted it
to the President with such reasons as occurred to
me at the time in favor of the policy. Up to that
time no exchanges had been made. 1 do not
know that this paper had any influence on the
mind of the Executive in the adoption of the car-
tel soon afterward agreed to. I do not cite it for
the purpose of making such an impression, but
for my personal vindication. I was at least or-
thodox in practice, and in action took the lead of
the very Senators who have so strangely forgot-
ten our early relative position on this subject.
Soon after this a cartel for the exchange of pris-
oners was adopted, and exchanges were made
from time to time, as deliveries were piactical,
until the rebel authorities themselves refused to
observe it. A perusal of the correspondence of
the commissioners of exchange, published m
Senate Executive Document No. 17, will satisfy
any Senator that the exchanges were suspended
under this cartel by the action of the rebel au-
. thorities themselves. This suspension was not
caused by any subordinate of the so-called rebel
ovemment; it was the deliberate act of their
ighest officials. The chief of the rebel govern-
ment required it by proclamation, the congress of
the so-culled confederate government demanded it
by a formal act of legislation, liy these solemn
acts of their highest officials it was provided that
colored Union troops, when captured, should be
sold into slavery, and that their officeis should
not be treated as prisoners of war, but should be
delivered over to the civil authorities of the sev-
eral States to be punished as felons. I think,
perhaps, it will not be amiss to read a few brief
extracts on this subject from this correspondence.
On page 2 of the document cited, I find, in a letter
from " William H. Ludlow, lieutenant colonel,
and agent for exchange of prisoners," tojMajor
General Hitchcock, the following:
"General: I have tlie honor to inclose you a copy of
the Richmond Enquirer, containing Jell". Davis's menage.
His determination, avowed in most insolent terms, to de-
liver to the several State authorities all commissioned offi-
cers of the United States th.it may hereafter be captured,
will, I think, bo persevered in."
Then follows the passage from the document
cited in the message:
" I confine myself to informing you tiiat I shall, nnlf^s
in your wisdom you deem some other course moie expe-
dient, deliver to the several State authouties ail commis-
sioned officers of the United States that may hereafter ho
captured by our forces in any ot the States embraced in the
proclamation, that they may be dealt with in accordance
With the Jaws of those States providing for the punishment
of criminals engaged in exciting seiviie insuirection."
I will read now from a letter of Robert Ould,
addressed to Lieutenant Colonel Ludlow, (com-
missioner, &c.,) in which he says:
" In your communication of the 34th instant you desire
to know whether the Federal commissioned officeis now
prisoners will be relea&ed. i have aheady furnished you
with an official copyol the proclamation of Piesidont Da-
vis, dated December S3, 18G2. In conformity therewith
ortieers will not be leleased on parolu."
I'
But again, I read from another letter, signed
" William H.Ludlow," and addressed to " Hon.
Robert Ould, agent for the exchange of prison-
ers,"dated "Fort Monroe, June 14, 1863," in
which he says:
" Sections four, five, six, and seven of this act"—
The act to which I have just referred, of the
confederate congress—
" propose a gross and inexcusable breach of the cartel, both
in letter and spirit. Upon reference to the cartel, you will
find 110 mention whatever of what was to be the color of
prisoners of war. It was unnecessary to make any sucii
mention, for, before the establishment of this cartel, and
before one single negro or mulatto was mustered into tire
United States service, you had them organized in arms m
Louisiana. You had Indians and half-breed negroes and
Indians organized in arms under Albert Pike, in Arkansas.
Subsequently negroes were captured on the battle-field at
Antietam, and delivered as prisoners of war at Aiken's
Landing to the confederate authorities and receipted for
and counted in exchange. And more recently the confeder-
ate legislature of Tennessee have passed an act forcing into
their military service (I quote literally) ail male free persons
of color between the ages of fifteen and fifty, or such number
as may be necessary, who may be sound in body and ca-
pable of actual service; and they further enacted that in
the event a sufficient number of free persons of color to
meet the wants of the State shall not tender their services,
then the Governor is empowered through the sheriffs of
different counties to impress such per&ons until the re-
quired number is obtained.
" But it is needless to aiguethe question. You have not
a foot of ground to stand upon in making the proposed dis-
crimination among our captured officers and men. I pro-
tect against it as a violation of the cartel, of the laws and
usages of war, and of your own practices under them."
Then, again, to show that they themselves
were responsible for a failure to carry out the ex-
change of prisoners under the cartel, I will read
from a letter of William H. Ludlow, lieutenant
colonel, and agent for the exchange of prisoners,
addressed to Robert Ould, dated July 23,1863:
" You will recollect that since the proclamation of Hon.
Jefferson Davis of December last, and more especially
since the passage of the act of the confederate congicssin
rofeionce to our captured officers, both of which were in
violation of the caitel, and have caused in the one case a
temporary and in the other a continued suspension of ex-
change of ofiicer*, all such exchanges have been subjects
of special agreement between us.
To avoid the complication-* and annoyances of theso
sprain! agreements, I have again and again urged you to a
return to the caitel, but, up to the present moment, in vain.
On the eontraiy, you leiaiu in close confinement huge iiiim-
beis of oiii oilieers, ior whom I have made a demand and
tendered equivalent1*.
v< Until you consent to return to the terms prescribed by
the cartel for exchange of officers, i shall not consent to
any exchange of them except by special agreements."
But again,I read from a letter signed " Benja-
min F. Butler, major general commanding, and
commissioner of exchange," dated, "Fortress
Monroe, Virginia, January 12, 18G4," in which
he says:
"This Government claims and exercises the power of
appointing its own agents to represent its intercuts, n re-
spective of any supposed sanction by the confedeiate au-
thorities.
" No light of declaration of outlawry by those author-
ities of any officer or snldioi of the United Slate* can be
admitted, oi loi a moment icgardcd, by the Government
ot' the United State*, as it certainly will not lie by tiie per-
sons upon whom such intimidation is attempted.
" I am instructed"—
And to this I ask the attention of every Senator—
l am instructed to renew the offer, leaving all other
questions in abeyance, to exchange man foi man and officer
tor otlieer o( equal rank actually held m custody by either
party, until all prisoners oi wai so held are thus exchanged.
I take leave to cxpre&s the hope, from humane consider-
ations to those confined as prisoners of war on either side,
that this offer will be accepted."
In the face of this official record, what foundation
exists for imputing blame to the Administration
for a partial failure to secure the exchange of all
the prisoners of war held by the rebels, when this
has not at any time been refused, and on the other
hand has been constantly urged and insisted on
by our authorities? Here is a standing offer to
exchange man for man, and officer for officer, of
equal rank according to the cartel. This offer the
reucls persistently decline. This refusal rendered
it necessary to resort to special exchanges. Then
what becomes of the charge of inhumanity? It
is inhuman, vvc are told, not to exchange these
prisoners. Why are they not exchanged? Be-
cause the rebel authorities refuse to carry out the
cartel according to its terms and spirit, which pro-
vided for the exchange of man for man and officer
fcr officer of equal rank, and where those of the
same rank could not be secured, then the exchange
of equivalents, and which provides that the excess
found on either side should be paroled. This is
now, according to the record before us, the stand-
ing offer of this Government. Why is it not
accepted? Because the rebels persist theoreti-
cally in treating as felons officers commanding
colored troops. For the purpose of coercing this
Government to adopt their theories and to prac-
tically approve of their outlawry of our officers,
they have, as I believe, deliberately adopted and
practiced cruelty to our prisoners in their hands.
It may not be amiss to observe here that while ex-
changes under the cartel were in progress the rebel
authorities deliberately violated their plighted faith
over and over again by immediately putting into
their service paroled prisoners, before their ex-
change; that tens of thousands of paroled prison-
ers captured by Grant's army at Yicksburg were
again met by our troops with arms in their hands
on other battle-fields, where it became necessary
to recapture them, or be destroyed or be captured
by them.
They also, as it is known, I suppose, to every
Senator, objected to the commissioner appointed
by the Federal Government. They had outlawed
him. He had directed some man in New Orleans
to be hung for pulling down the flag of his coun-
try after the city had surrendered. They had out-
lawed him and declared they would hold no fur-
ther communication with this Government through
him; that is, they claimed the right of dictating to
this Government who should command its armies,
who should be assigned to the performance of this
or that military service, and then to dictate what
should be the color of the skin of the men mus-
tered into the armies of the United States. Un-
less we would permit them to control the compo-
sition and command of our armies they would
coerce us into these measures by wanton and
cruel treatment of our prisoners in their hands.
If we decline to do this, then they will put our
prisoners of war on insufficient food, will expose
them to the inclemency of the weather, without
shelter or raiment! Here is a departure on their
part from the usages of civilized nations which,
it seems to me, lays a just foundation for such a
departure on our part as will deter them from its
continuance. They are systematically reducing
our prisoners in point of physical vigor below
the standard of efficiency as soldiers. It seems
to me, without laying ouiselves liable to the
charge of cruelty, we would have the right to
put their troops m our hands as prisoners of war
on a like diet, and give them notice that this had
been done in retaliation for the cruel treatment
they are inflicting on prisoners of war held by
them, and that this diet will be changed the very
moment they abandon this departure from the
rules of civilized warfare on their part.
But I am told that this is shocking to humanity,
that it is very cruel and unchristian. If it be
cruel, but necessary to compel them to observe
the rules of civilized nations, is it not just; as just
as shooting or exposing to the lake of shot and
shell or of exposure to guerrilla bullet on railroad
trains, steamers, and transports, all of which you
have been practicing? Is it any more cruel to
putrebels on bread and water to compel the aban-
donment of cruelty by them than it is to take the
life of the individual for the same purpose ? But
if severe, the adoption of the policy will be indi-
rectly their own act; it will be indirectly the act
of the confederate authorities; its continuation,in
that case, is in their hands; when they release
their grasp of the throat of the victim they hold
that very moment the policy will be changed in
relation to the prisoners held by us and suiiering
retaliatory punishment.
But it is said that this would involve the right
to scalp, to mutilate, to sell into slavery. I see
no connection between the premises and the con-
clusion. The punishment inflicted may bo hard,
it may be severe, it may be terrible, for the ob-
ject of the punishment is to terrify the belligerent
party who has himself departed from the rules of
civilized warfare. The lex ialionis is never ap-
plied except to deter a belligereut from such de-
parture. The punishment, therefore, may be
severe, it may be terrible, but should be human;
it should not be accompanied by any unneces-
sary circumstances of cruelty. If you refuse to
resort to this remedy you will place your troops
that may by the fortunes of war fall into the
hands of the rebels at their mercy.
But it has been suggested by Senators during the
progress of this discussion, that they proposed an
immediate exchange ofrprisoners, arid would thus
avoid the neces&ity of .retaliation. I have just
