1236
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
for the payments of these particular claims. It
was provided in the treaty that $5,000 of the fund
should be appropriated to pay these claims,and
I have a report of the Secretary of the Interior
which shows that $2,836 25 has been paid.
Mr. SHERMAN. It ia still money due to
private individuals, and I take it, therefore, the
amendment is not in order.
Mr. NESMITH. I call the attention of the
Senate to the language of the treaty under which
this obligation arises:
" And for the paymentof such permanent improvements
as may have been made by land claimants on the aforesaid
reserve, the value of which to be ascertained by three
persons appointed by the said superintendent."
This provision is in the treaty of September
10, 1853, with the Rogue river Indians. The
Secretary of the Interior sends us a report show-
ing that $2,836 25 has been appropriated and
paid pro rata, and that there has not been a suffi-
cient sum appropriated to carry out the provision
of the treaty. The language of the rule is that
" no amendment shall be received whose object
is to provide for a private claim, unless it be to
carry out the provisions of an existing law or a
treaty stipulation." The treaty stipulation is
plain; it provides for these identical cases. The
Secretary of the Interior recommends the pay-
ment, and the Committee on Indian Affairs have
reported favorably upon it, so that it comes com-
pletely within the exception contained in the rule.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
the amendment is in order. It is to carry out a
treaty stipulation.
The amendment-was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand that the chairman
of the Committee on Indian Affairs wants a little
time to prepare his other amendments, and as we
have but about ten minutes left before the recess,
I propose to take up some bills on the table which
have come from the House of Representatives.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to anything taking
the place of this bill. We have got this bill and
the tax bill before us, and I insist upon going on
regularly.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I appeal to the Senator
from Ohio to allow this bill to lie over informally
until after the recess. The truth is, as I stated,
it was forced on us within a day or two, and we
have been devoting day and night to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move, then, that the In-
dian appropriation bill be postponed till to-mor-
rnw. 1 cannot allow it to interfere with the tax
bilmo-night.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair asks
the indulgence of the Senate to state that there are
several House bills on the table which have not
been referred.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let them be disposed of.
w * HOHSE BILLS REFERRED.
The bill (H. It. No. 795) amendatory of certain
acts imposing duties upon foreign importations
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Finance.
The bill (H. R. No. 805) to repeal the eighth
section of an act entitled " An act in addition to
the several acts concerning commercial intercourse
between loyal and insurrectionary States, and to
provide for the collection of captured and aban-
doned propeity, and the pievenlion of frauds in
Slates declared in insurrection," approved July
4, 1864, was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
The following bills were severally read twice
by their titles, and referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs:
A bill (II. R. No. 535) to regulate the appoint
ment of admirals and for the appointment of cer-
tain volunteer officers to the regular Navy;
A bill (H. R. No. C05) to increase the pay of
midshipmen and otheis;
A bill (H. R. No. 801) to amend certain acts
relating to the naval service, and for other pur-
poses: and
A bill (H. R, No. 803) to revive in part the act
approved March 3, 1857, making appropriations
(or the'naval service for the year ending June 30,
1858.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The V7CE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
am^sage from the President of the ]Jnited States,
in reply to a resolution of the Seriate of February
X4, transmitting a communication from the Sec-
retary of War forwarding a copy of the report of
the court of inquiry in respect to the explosion
of the mine in front of Petersburg.
The message was ordered to lie on the table
and be printed, and a motion of Mr. Harris
to print live thousand additional copies was re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Interior,
communicating, in obedience to law, copies of the
accounts of the suporintendentof Indian affairs,
and agents having charge of the Refugee Creek,
Choctaw, Chickasaw, and Seminole Indians, for
the fourth quarter of 1864; which was referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
ACCEPTANCE OF PRESIDENT LINCOLN.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the joint committee
of the two Houses appointed to wait upon Abra-
ham Lincoln, of Illinois, and notify him.of his
election as President of the United States, re-
ported that the committee had performed the duty
assigned them, and that the President-elect, in
signifying his acceptance of the office to which
he had been chosen by the people, said:
" Having served four years in the depths of a great and
yet unended national peril, I can view tins call to a second
term in nowise more flatteringly to myself than as an ex-
pression of the public judgment that I may fitter fini&h a
difficult vvoik in which I have labored from the first, than
could any one Jess severely schooled to the task. Jn this
view, and with assured reliance on that Almighty Ruler
who has so graciously sustained usthu* far, and with in-
creased gratitude to the generous people lor their continued
confidence, I accept the renewed trust with its yet oner-
ous and perplexing duties and responsibilities."
PAUL S. FORBES'S CONTRACT.
The joint resolution (H. It. No. 176) authoriz-
ing the Secretary of the Navy to advance to Paul
S.Forbes $250,000 additional out of the sum to
be paid him under his contract for building a
steam screw sloop-of-war, was read twice by its
title.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senate a few days ago
passed a resolution in the precise words of this
and sent it to the House of Representatives, but
the House, instead of acting on our resolution,
took and passed the one reported by the Naval
Committee of the House and have' sent us a tran-
script of the one we sent to them. I ask to have
it put on its passage now.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolation was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. No
part of the $250,000 is to be paid without the as-
sent in writing of Forbes's suieties, and the pay-
ment is not to affect or vary the contract except
as to the time of making the payment.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
NAVAL JUDGE ADVOCATE.
The bill (H. R. No. 800) to establish the office
of Solicitor an!! Naval Judge Advocate was lead
twice by its title.
Mr. GRIMES. That is in the same category
with the joint resolution just acted on, except that
the House bill fixes the salary at $3,500 instead
of $4,000, as provided by the Senate bill. I ask
for the consideration of the bill at this time.
Ry unanimous consent, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. Itprovides
for the appointment,for service during the rebel-
lion and one year thereafter, of a Solicitor and
Naval Judge Advocate General for the Navy De-
partment at an annual salary of $3,500. It also
provndes, that the fees for records in naval courts-
martial shall not in anyone case exceed $200.
The bin wus reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the thiid time, and passed.
POSTAL LAWS.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the bill
of the Senate (No. 390) relating to the postal
laws, disagreed to by the Senate and insisted on
by the House; and,
On motion by Mr. COLLAMER, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its disagreement
to the amendments of the House ot Representatives to the
said bill insisted on by the House, and agree to the further
conference asked by the House of Representatives on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
(hdcrc<1, That the conferees on the partof the Senate be
appointed by the Vice President.
The YICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr. Col-
lamer, Mr. Stewart, and Mr. Pomerot.
CRIMINAL PROCEEDINGS.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
amendments of the House of Representatives to
the bill of the Senate (No. 88) regulating proceed-
ings in criminal cases and for other purposes; and,
On motion by Mr. TRUMBULL, it was
Re$olve4, That the Senate agree thereto.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
joint resolution (H. R. No. 169) to provide for
the publication of a full Army Register, and an
enrolled bill (H. R. No. 779) to provide ways
and means to support the Government.
ARMY PAY DEPARTMENT.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I now move to take up Sen-
ate bill No. 419. It was amended, and we had
reached the question of its passage, upon which
the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Let it be taken up by
unanimous consent, not displacing the Indian ap-
propriation bill.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The bill to which I have
called attention is a bill for the better organiza-
tion of the pay department of the United States
Army. It was reported unanimously from the
Committee on Military Affairs, has been amended
in the Senate, and all that is required to dispose
of it is a vote by yeas and nays on its passage.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection to taking up the bill indicated by the
Senator from Rhode Island. It is before the Sen-
ate, and the question is upon its passage, on
which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 move that the session be
extended ten minutes so as to enable us to get
this matter out of the way. [<{ Oh, no!"]
Mr. HALE. I object to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion can-
not be rpceived, objection being made.
Mr. HALE. I should like to hear an expla-
nation of this bill.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The explanation is simply
this: it organizes a department of this Govern-
ment that has never been organized since the be-
ginning of this war. While every other depart-
ment has received the attention of Congress and
has been organized efficiently, this department
has been neglected. The opposition to the bill is
not in consequence of any increased appropriation
that it provides for, but in consequence of some
prejudice against those who it is 55 up posed may fill
the new offices. Now, I pledge myself to those
who suppose they may have reason to think that
suitable men will not be appointed, that I will fight
with them to prevent such men from occupying
the places. This bill is necessary for the efficient
organization of the department.
Mr. CONNESS. vVill the honorable Senator
give way so that we may extend the session for a
few minutes in order to disposeof this bill?
Mr. SPRAGUE. Certainly.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the session be
extended for ten minutes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there any ob-
jection to that motion?
Mr. HALE. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT, Then the motion
is not in order. The hour fixed for that purpose
having aruved, the Senate will now take a recess
till seven o'clock, p.m.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 1,1865.
EVENrNG SESSION'.
The Senate resumed its session at seven o'clock,
p. m.
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE LANDS.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The Committee on
Agriculture have directed me to report a bill to
extend the time for selecting agricultural college
lands by the different States, and I ask for its
present consideration.
By unanimous consent the bill (S. No. 483) to
amend "An act donating public lands to the sev-
eral States and Territories which may provide
colleges for the benefit of agriculture and the me-
chanic arts" was read three times, and passed.
It proposes to extend for two yeai*6 from the time
mentioned in that act the period for the perform-
