4.72
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
ft,.if it would in all probability be effective, I
com'e back ori these Senators and ask, how can
you in good faith and clear conscience meet these
suffering men now in these rebel prisons, if, as I
have shown, the Government has used all honor-
able and honest means which justice could require,
and which it had power to carry out in order to se-
cure an exchange, and has been unable to do so, if
you do not attempt to protect them by Us adoption?
If those rebels, for the purpose of coercing un-
just terms of exchange, treat our troops in their
hatids unjustly, with a shocking want of human-
ity; if shooting a man in retaliation for a cold-
blooded murder has put a stop to murders on the
part of rebels of inoffensive prisoners in their
hands; if the exposure of their prisoners to the
danger of shot and shell in front of our works in
retaliation has corrected the evil; if placing emi-
nent citizens of the rebel districts or prisoners of
war on railroad trains, transports, and steamers,
has. to a very large extent put an end to the assas-
sin-like mode of guerrilla warfare adopted by
them, we may reasonably conclude that a just re-
taliation for the wrongful treatment of prisoners
of war in their hands may be equally effective;
and just so long as the probability is a reasonable
one, it is the duty, as 1 maintain, of the American
Government to biing it to bear—a duty that hu-
manity itself demands.
We are morally bound, I will submit, to do
everything which we can justly and honorably
do to mitigate the sufferings of these brave men
that have placed themselves and their lives be-
tween ns and their and our country's foe. These
men who have exposed themselves to every kind
of hardship and danger incident to a long and
bloody war have a right to our sympathies; and
if we sympathize more strongly with the rebel
prisoners in our hands than wo do with our own
brave troops held as prisoners of war by the lab-
els, and refuse to secure redress of their wrongs,
we will have a feail'ul responsibility to meet be-
fore the. tribunal of public opinion, when these
men return hometorepeat the tale of their wrongs.
The resolution, as amended, if the amendment
of the Senator from Ohio should be adopted, only
provides that such retaliatory measures shall be
adopted as are consistent with the international
code, consistent with the rules usually applied in
similar cases by Christian nations. 1 can vote
for this. 1 can vote for it conscientiously, be-
lieving that of the two evils it is better to accept
the least. If one of two men must suffer, I pie-
fer that it should be my enemy to my friend.
1 am therefore opposed to the recommitment of
the resolution. I am also opposed to the amond-
•ment proposed by the Senator from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Wilson,] for the appointment of com-
missioners to negotiate on thissubject. Probably
I would not, if 1 did not know personally that this
has boon attempted and contemptuously rejected
by the rebel authorities. Knowing th:-5,as 1 do,
1 cannot myself vote for any such proposition.
Nor can 1 vote for the amendment suggested by
my friend, the other Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Sumner;] not that 1 object toany principle
that itcontama. The enunciation of morals which
is there so luminously displayed I doubt not
would be indorsed by every humane and Chiif--
tian man on earth; but I am not willing just now
to give the rebels notice that we will not retaliate,
and that, 1 think, is the only logical inference
that can bodiawn from the Senator's proposed
amendment. He denounces retaliation and this
cruel mode of punishment, and proposes no means
as a substitute for the relief of those in the hands
of the rebei authorities except the vigorous pros-
ecution of the war.
I submit to him that this is no new remedy. Is
there anybody in default now? in the name of
God and my country, are we not doing all that
wo are now able to do to putdown this rebellion'
If tliere is anybody in default let his name be
handed over for the execrations of mankind. I
know of no such flagrant violation of sacred duty
on the part of soldiers or civilians. I believe that
all the vast resources of this great country, phys-
ical, financial, and moiai, are bein^: brought to
bear, as wisely as we can reasonably expect,for
the attainment of this end. It is therefore a mere
suggestion that must necessaiily result in nothing
practicable, and serve as notice to the rebels that
we will not retaliate. In other words, it would
remit them to the reproof of their consciences
for the violation of this code of international law,
and nothing more.
Mr. SUMNER. My friend will pardon me.
It is that we will not retaliate in kind, wo will not
imitate rebel barbarism. I say nothing further
on that point.
Mr. HAR.LAN. I was only speaking of what
I thought would be the logical effect of the adop-
tion of the Senator's amendment. I know that
the Senator believes and maintains that a nation
has a right to letaliate, and, just so far forth as is
necessary in order to prevent wrong by the op-
posing belligerent, has the right to depart from
the ordinary rules that governed civilized nations
in waging a war. Just so far forth as is necessary
to deter him from a departure you may depart,
not, of course,fey resorting to cruelties, because
this would have no such elfect; a resort to inhu-
man punishment could achieve no such end. It
would be the certainty of the application of the
severe, but, as far as the nature of the case will
admit, humane, punishment that would probably
correct the evil. But nothing of this is provided
in his proposed amendment.
I cannot, therefore, vote for any one of these
propositions of amendment. I prefer a slight
modification of the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Ohio; but perhaps a resolution that
1 would draw might be equally objectionable to
him, so far as it departed from him, as his is to
me. I shall therefore content myself, when the
time comes, with voting for that resolution, and
leave the consequences with posterity and God.
Mr. CLAIUC. Mr. President, I think the pend-
ing motion is a motion to commit to the Commit-
tee Oil Military A flairs. If I understand the po-
sition of the business before the Senate it is this:
the Committee on Military Affairs reported a
resolution in favor of retaliation upon rebel pris-
oneis in our hands for the treatment of Union
piisoners in their hands. The honorable Senator
from Massachusetts [iVIr. Sumner] moved to
amend that resolution by a substitute, striking
outthewholeofthc lesoluuou. TheotherSenator
iiom Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] then moved
to amend the substitute. The Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Wade] moved fui tlier to amend by amend-
ing the oiignial resolution before it should be
stneken out. Then, if 1 understand the business
in order before the Senate, the questions will be
these: first, upon the motion to commit;and ifthat
is negatived, then the ponding question will be
on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio to
the original resolution, to perfect it before it is
stricken out.
Then, Mr. President, I am opposed to the mo-
tion to commit, because it brings us dnecLly to a
test vote on the amendment submitted by the
Senator from Oluo on the original resolution.
Eight months ago and more the committee on
the conduct of the war published to the world
this very remarkable piece of testimony. 1 will
read it in the pioscncc of the Senate, and of the
country if I can, to show the information that
was given out at that time to the public. It is tile
testimony of a surgeon. It is appended to the
lepoit of the committee on the conduct of the
war, because it had not been received by the
committee at the time they made up their report;
and it is in these words:
Wfst's Buildings IIosi'Itat-,
J3altimore, Mahylaau, May 12lhG4.
Drun Sir * I have the honor to inclose tlx-1 photogiaph
oi'John Cieiniai, Willi the de-uied lnfoiinntiot) wiitten upon
it. 1 am veiy touv \ oui committee could not have f-ecn
c.iMs\\lh,n fn«'t iccenul. No one Iiom these pte-
ttnesean ioim ;i micoMimateot thr.trcondition thou. Not
oik; m ten was able to ^ar.d alone; some of them .-o eov-
eied and eaten bv voinnn that they licrui} n;*uml led e<. -os
ot > mall-pox, and so em.ici.ited tli.it theyweic reailylivms
skeleton.:, and hardlv that, a* the le-ailt show?, (orty out of
one hundred and iour havnm dn d up to tins date.
if theie Iken any tiling >o honibie..-=oitcndi>hJfi'* 'his
whole-ale starvation m the hMo>y of this satume rebel-
lion, I have laiVd to nole it. itcrthema^aciosat.Law-
jf-ncc, Fort Pillow, and HjmonU), than to ht thus waived
to death by inches Uirouqh long and weary month*. I wi-h
1 hurt posseted the power to compel all the noithein f>ym-
patlrzer* with tins lehelliou to conic: in and looK upon the
u<nk ot the Mnvalrous sons of the hospitable and sunny
S mith when tl)p«e t-keleton* were fi'st leeeivrd lieie. A
rebel e<dunel.a >)ric?onoi heie, who^tood u  th sid '".kv look-
ing on a- they wen: iceeivul, Imaily -no. k hi•> head and
walked awa\, appaiently .shamed that hi: held any rela-
tion? to men who emild be puilty of snoii deeds.
Very ietpectfullv. your obedient savant,
A. CHAPEL.
Hon- I . F. Wkbe, Chairman of Committee on Ike Conduct
oj the Wa), Senate United States,
Now the point I want to make is here: this in-
formation was given to the country eight months
ago and more, and it does not appear that the Ad-
ministration or the parties having tins business
in charge have made the least effort to mitigate
that suffering; and I make that point with this
view, to show the necessity that Congress now
should take hold, and by this resolution itself
direct it to be done. I agree with the Senator
from Iowa [Mr. Harlan] that we cannotescape
the responsibility if we do not direct it to be done.
If wcarc satisfied that it is not being done in other
quarters, and we have the power to do it, wc must
do it or be answerable for the consequences. No
man can excuse himself by saying it belongs to
somebody else. It belongs to each individual
Senator here. These men are his neighbors,and
Jus soldiers, and his friends. If he goes by, hang-
ing his head, on the otherside, thejudgment of the
countiy and of God will follow. It ought so to do.
Now, Mr. President, I want to call attention to
another fact. Senators attempt tto excuse this
baibarity, on the ground that it is an occasional
occutrence, and they say that sometimes rebel
prisoners in our hands aic treated inhumanly and
therefore we must pardon this. I want to call
the attention of the Senate and the country to the
design and deliberation with which this has been
done. Go down to the prisons in Virginia; go
down to Richmond; and what do you find ? You
find our prisoners the moment they come to those
prisons, or before, robbed of their coats, robbed
of their jackets, robbed of their hats, robbed of
their shoes, robbed of their stockings, and put
into those prisons in this naked and destitute con-
dition to endure the hardships and rigor of the
season. The Chinese have an inhuman mode of
punishment by which thoy condemn a man to die
by never sleeping, and whenever he sits down
wherever he is, or attempts to lie down and go to
sleep, or is likely to fall nsleep, they put some-
body to pinch him and wake him up. Whenever
he is sleepy again they pinch htm again and wake
him up, and so on. Now, sir, which is worse,
that refined cruelty of the Chinese, or this barbar-
ity which pinches a man with cold when he would
go to sleep and when he wakes finds his limbs
frozen ? I have here in my hand a copy of a report
of an officer who has been confined in Libby
pi ison, just returned, a man from my own State, a
man selected as the ranking officer in thai com-
mand to make a distribution of some blankets just
furnished to those prisoners, and he says it was
distressing beyond account; so utterly prostrated
were these men that the moment you gave them
a blanket they would wrap it around them and
sink on the floor and fall asleep like children, for-
getful of everything in the world, their suffeiings
had been so intense.
Nay, more, sir, in these prisons at Richmond
men havu been so reduecd by starvation in the
rebel capital, under the eye of him whom your
wandering commissioners go to plead with for
peace, have been so starved, so emaciated, that
lor the puipose of getting something to cat they
make shoes and brooms and do the work of the
rebel scullions. And nowshall we not retaliate?
Not far from here we have a Mr.Pryor. I would
take him and starve him until he made shoes and
brooms, if they did not stop it.
Such is the treatment of these men in Rich-
mond. Is it accidental? Go with me into the
next State, North Carolina, at Salisbury, and take
the deposition which was read at your tabic yes-
terday as to the treatment of our men theie; how
when they arc starved and are dead they aie piled
into a cart and carried out and dumped into a
ditch like so many dead cattle. Then go with
r.iefrnm Salisbury, North Carolina, to Columbia,
South Carolina; go to the very home of the chiv-
alry; and you find the same treatment exactly—
not accidental, but devilish, fiendish, and mali-
cious,and contrived and continued. There came
to me from the prison m South Carolina not a
fortnight ago a colonel from my own State, who
had been m the jail there seventeen long months,
five months of that time in solitary confinement;
a man whose heait boat for your country; a man
who went into Fort Wagner wi'h his life m his
hands; a man who was taken prisoner theie; a
man who has been held by these iiendseversince,
until lie lias now gone home toseeafamily wheie
there is a little boy three years old that he has
never seen because of these enormities. And
