1238
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March X,
ofthisbil! at the suggestion of those whowere in-
terested in it, and beirfg assured, too, of the cooper-
ation of the chairman of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs as well as the members of that com-
mittee, I thought t.hat I was doing a duty here in
my position as a Senator, and as a membcrof that
committee, and as a citizen. And, sir, so long as
this session lasts I shall deem it my duty to bring
to the attention of the Senate this bill, believing
that I am thereby doing my duty, and that I am
neglecting my duty if i do not so bring it to their
attention;.and Ishallavail myself of every oppor-
tunity to ask, to solicit, to beg the attention of
Senators to this biil. If it had not received the
assent of the committee, if it had not received the
assent of the War Department, if it had not re-
ceived tho assent of the very department that it is to
improve,and if it had notreceived the consideration
of and been adjusted by thfi Military Committee,
I should have great hesitation in urging it. in-
deed if I did not believe it important and neces-
sary, even if it had received their assent, I would
not advocate if.
But, sir, here is a department of thr> Army that
has received no attention from the Government
and fiom Congress since the rebellion. It was
an organization for fifteen thousand men, and
you have now a million. There are several hun-
dred paymasters now, when before their number
might have been counted by tens and twenties.
There is no gradation, then* is no difference in
the grade,they all are established as one grade.
There is no opportunity for advancement, no
piide, no opportunity for emulation. One man
3f he discharges his duty thoioughly, patriotic-
ally, better than' his ^companions, has no oppor-
tunity to lcuch a position above his comiudcs,
above his associates. There is no other such de-
partment in this Government. Theie is no de-
partment where, by attention to duty and by good
conduct, there is not an opportunity for advance-
ment; but there is no supervision of this depart-
ment as there is in ail others; there is no in-
spection; there is nothing except one general
level, and no one to care for it, no one to have
pride iq it, no one to perfect it.
This bill establishes as its head a brigadier
general. It is so in all the inferior sub-depart-
ments of the War Department. It does not ad-
vance the salary of this brigadier general a dollar.
The service rations of the occupant of that office
now make his salary equal to that of a brigadier
general. The increased amount of expense the
bill will involve over and above the present sys-
tem is something like four thousand four hundred
dollars a year. There will be some twelve or
fifteen gentlemen who will be appointed to fill :
these new vacancies, but they do not increase the
corps one member, and all theadditional expense
drops at the close of the war or one year after.
It will require atf the end ©f this war a year to
adjust the accounts of the paymaster's depart-
ment., and this bill provides that those who are
no.w appointed shall, at the end of one year after
the war, drop from the list of officers. It is a
plain, simple^ compact arrangement for this de-
partment, antFl trust that the Senate will at any1
rate, ifihey do not conccde its value and its ne-
cessity, concede me a vote, which is all I ask.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
thf chair.) The Chair will take this occasion to
state that, while the present occupant of the chair
shall be called to preside over the body, he will
hold members strictly in debate to the question
under consideration.
Mr. SHERMAN. The lesson that is now
taught me to-night will make me at least adhere
to the rules more strictly. My friend from Rhode
Island -stated to me just as we were about taking
the recess that he desired to move to take up a
bill which would take but a moment. I did not
dream that he would press it afterward, after the
recess was over,against two of the most import-
ant bills of the session, especially by arguing and
discussing the question before the Senate. I trust
that we shall proceed in order to dispose of the
bill which was first in order, the tax bill, and then
proceed with the Indiarvappropriation bill. After
that, I will do aU 1 can to enable Senators to call
ud bills in which they take especial interest.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Ohto, to
poetponelhe present and all prior orders and pro-
ceed to the consideration of the tax bill, so called.
That motion does not admit of debate on the
merits of any question aside from the mere mo-
tion.
Mr. DOOLITTLB. Before the motion is put
1 ask the unanimous consent of the Senate and
of my friend from Ohio to offer one amendment
to go on the Indian appropriation bill, which will
lead to no discussion, and is precisely in the
language of the provision passed in the last In-
dian appropriation bill, that the annuities appro-
priated for the benefit of the rebel Indians or
those in hostility to the United States may be
used for the benefit of the loyal Indians. Sena-
tors will remember the provision.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we had better go
on regularly. T
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio, i
The motion was agreed to. ^ j
INTERNAL REVKNTJB. \f
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
aocoidingly lesumed the consideration of the bill
(H. JR. No. 7*14) to amend an act entitled "An
act to provide internal revenue to support the
Government, to pay interest on the public debt,
and for other purposes," approved June 30,1864,
the ponding question being on an amendment of
Mr. Ramsey to an amendment reported by the
Committee on Finance. The Committee on Fi-
nance proposed to strike out the fifth scclion of
the bill, which is as follows:
Sec. 5. JJndheit further enacted, That every national
hanking association, Statu bank, or Stale banking associa-
tion, shall pay a tax oftvn per cent, on the amount of notes
of any Stair bank or State banking association, paid out
by thorn aftei the 1st day of Janu.uy, 1SG6.
Mr. Ramsey's amendment was to add to the
scction pioposed to be stricken out the following
proviso:
Piouitlod, That banks Incorporated under State author-
ity whose circulating notes aic secured wholly by bonds of
the United States, at their par value to the amount of ten
percent, buyond the anion nt of their ciicuiatlng notes, shall
be taxed upon their circulation and deposits in the same
manner and at the same rates as are or may be pi escribed
for the luxation of national banks.
Mr. RAMSEY. In support of the amendment
I have suggested to this fifth section of the bill, I
have tins to say: the tax of ten per cent, upon
the circulation of the State banks is obviously de-
signed to drive these institutions into the adoption
of the national banking system. Tin's is mani-
festly unjust to the banking institutions of the
States with a capital less than $50,000; for them
there is no provision; on the contrary, Lhey are
prohibited.
With us, a capital of $25,000 in many instances
is all that is wanted. We have not yet the great
accumulations of wealth that stimulate banking
in the East, and why should we be denied this
convenience!
Again, sir, the circulation of the banks of Min-
nesota is as perfectly secured upon the bonds of
the State or of the United States, as is the circu-
lation of any national or State system—secured
upon a pledge of the bonds of the State or of the
United States.
Now, what object is gained by driving out of
existence a circulation based upon the General
Government bonds? What is gained by anni-
hilating these institutions, when they absorb your
bonds equally with the national banks to the
extent of their circulation. Is it not a wanton,
objectless piece of mischief?
In point of fact, seven banks of Minnesota are
secured wholly by bonds of the United States,
and of a total of $507,627 of securities deposited
by all the Minnesota banks, $430,307 are bonds
of the United States.
These banks, by the investment of capital in
United States bonds, furnisli every benefit to the
Government which is derived from the national
banks.
With this amendment, I shall vote for the sec-
tion. Without it, I shall do so with great hesi-
tation, if at all.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I hold^JVIr. President,
that the provisions of this section are not only
unjust in themselves butagainst fundamental law
and tend to disorganization. We are undertak-
ing here by this legislation to deny to the States
the light to control their own financial affairs in :
their own way. It is not many years since a ,
majority of the people of the Republic entertained, '
or at least indorsed, the opinion that the United
States Bank was unconstitutional, that we had
not a right to establish an institution that should
raise itself in the various States as a great money
power and be a corporate body under the influ-
ence of this Government. Now a further prop-
osition is made—it goes much further—that no
State may organize a banking institution; foral-
tliough in form of words this is not said, it is
substantially expressed by tins Machiavellian
style of language, riot saying the thing but pro-
viding for the thing being done. In the State in
which I live we have a gold and silver currency,
and we have banks, and so we have on all the
coast of the Pacific. Now it is proposed to say
that they cannot do business wiLhout paying a
tax of ten per cent., which of itself would be a
large profit per annum, yes more than could be
distributed ordinarily to the stockholders by a
bank doing an honest business and conducting
its affairs with prudence.
1 cannot undeistand wbatall this means unlesa
it means the upturning of our institutions, the
affirmation that the States have no tights, and
that the men who established this Republic in
the light of all ihe ancient Statesand those of the
middle ages and of modei n Euiopc weic ignorant
of what they were about when they laid the
foundations of this Republic and established tho
Constitution under which as I think we still live.
1 should like to ask some person conversant
with law by what right does the Federal Con-
gress say that State institutions may not exist
under the laws of the States, issuing a currency
wtthoutbeing subject to a taxation of ten per cent,
per annum? I should hke to hear some person
conversant with the law answer me the question
1 now put. Perhaps iheie may be learned men
who affirm this doctiine that caninstruct me,and
1 am always willing to be instructed. Perhaps
some learned men wiio advocate this doctrine can
£ive me a reason why banks in the city of San
Francisco who pay gold'and silver and deal in the
precious metals shall be taxed ten per cent, for
their business, to force upon them a currency
which they repudiate; for, sir, men who have an
opportunity to handle gold and silver every day
are not willing to take a mere fragmentary, false
lepreseniative of them. I have not since i have
been in this Senate Chamber seen or lead a prop-
osition so absolutely false and wrong as this, as
a question of public policy.
Mr. President, I assure the gentlemen of the Sen-
ate that the people of my country will not submit
to such legislation. It is one of the false expedients
of ignorant philosopers in political science. If it
obtains for a day, it produces the evils of the day;
it may produce evils that will continue beyond
the day. I fear it will. There is no justice in it,
there is no policy in it; and in it there is infinite
mischief. I have an intense desire to maintain
the integrity of our people. It is the feeling that
lies nearest to my heart. But if you adopt such
a rule as this, and it shall be enforced, us effect
must be to force apart the men beyond the mount-
ains from the men on this side by the necessary
force of necessary interest. Are you going to force
national banks into the city of San Francisco, are
you going to force national banks into the city of
Sacramento, are you going to force national banks
into the city of Stockton, and drive out of those
cities the institutions that do their business now,
and others throughout the State, by the compul-
sive power of the votes of the House of Repre-
sentatives and the Senate and the approval of the
President? I assure Senators that this thing
cannot be done without more sacrifices than will
be compensated by any promise of good they may
see in the proposition.
There is no one on this Senate floor more anx-
ious to support this Government intact than my-
selt. I think so, although some Senators may call
it in question; but allow me to warn Senators
against this false legislation with regard to finance.'
U a man undertakes to deal with finance who Jives
in a town or city, and whose learning has been
circumscril^d by his local opportunities, and ho
undertakes to make laws here, supposing that
those laws will adapt themselves and be adapted
to the people of a great country embracing the
lines of two oceans, he is unfit for place in Senate
hall. I do not wish to take the time of the Sen-
ate m elaborating the subject, because I think that
suggestion should be equal to argument upon a
