1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
question of this kind. I say this thing cannot
be executed as a matter of law, and will not be
submitted to as a matter of law; and then again,
recurring to another matter, (I say this particu-
larly as to my own course,) do we propose really
to abandon our system of Government as it was
established? Do we intend to ignore the States
in their proper sovereignty? Do we intend to
make in all respects the Federal Government su-
preme? Thatshould be boldlyaffirmed by those
wlio propose such a measure.
I will not affirm that we have become so de-
praved since the days of our fathers that we are
unequal to the Republic they founded and incor-
porated in 1787, but I doubt it much. If so, and
we have to make a new departure, let us make a
bold and open departure, and say thatwe are not
equal to the Government established by our
fathers, and that we will found another one suffi-
cient to control the corruptions, the iniquities, and
the sins that have grown out of office under the
Republic within the last thirty years.
I know that I am impinging upon the time of
the Senate at a period of importance, but I de-
sire to speak what I think important words.
This proposition itself is a proposition to usurp
the powers of the States, to exercise them here
where they do not properly belong. That has
been understood always; it never has been ques-
tioned until now; and if such things as these can
be done, all things can be done. It is a revolu-
tionary proposition, and if revolution is demanded
let us have a full revolution; let us commence at
the foundation stone. No State should organ-
ize a bank or transact business in that way, for
it is a denial of the right by indirection. Itsays
a State has not this power, the Federal Govern-
ment has it, and will exercise it. These things
had better be outspoken. If they can be justi-
fied, if necessity demands them, well; because
revolutionized revolution may be justified by ne-
cessity, by the demands of a country. I am not
eure but that revolutionized revolution is de-
manded here, but I am not prepared for revolu-
tion myself. I think yet the laws laid down by
our fathers arc good laws; I know they are good
laws to sustain a true, upright, and just people.
The only reason why we should change them.at
all is that we have been corrupted. It may be
so, but I cannot understand how any Senator
can vote for this proposition in the light of his
learning, as he must have possessed himself of
it before he took the oath as Senator, for he
should have been somewhat instructed in public
law and in the Constitution of our Government;
and then having taken the oath of a Senator, I
do not see how he can vote for this amendment,
for I say it is false in principle, false in policy,
and cannot be justified as a. mere expedient.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I feel some reluctance in
submitting any remarks to the Senate on this
question after the Senator from Ohio, as chair-
man of the Finance Committee, has said that it is
our duty to let the whole bill go to a committee of
conference without discussion, and let that com-
mittee legislate for us; and especially after the
patronizing suggestion of the Senator from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Conness] with which he favored the
Senate last night, that it was our duty to vote,
and not to speak; in other words, that the exam-
ination of the committee room should take the
place of the deliberations of the Senate upon one
of the most important bills that ever occupied the
attention of the body. 1 will say to those two Sen-
ators that if they bring in a revenue bill, strictly
a revenue bill, they will probably not meet with
much discussion; but if they seek on a revenue
hill to carry propositions of a general sort affect-
ing (he policy of the Government, and affecting
the rights of the States, not really germane to the
bill, they must expect them to be discussed. Es-
pecially does the Senator from California occupy
a pos'tion in reference to this question that does
not peculiarly authorize him to lecture us upon
the subject of discussing the particular question
that is before the body. He comes from a State
that is not plagued with paper money. Gold and
silver are the standards of value in California now
as before the Government flooded the country
with paper money. Values there are not meas-
ured as in the eastern Statesby apapercuirency,
and it is a matter of no concern to him or his
constituents whether State banking institutions
go up or go dbwn. California and her prosper-
ity goes on all the same whether there be a com-
mercial crisis in Indiana or commercial prosperity.
Without banks in his own State, with a cur-
rency exclusively metallic, he says to us when
the proposition is made to legislateour State banks
out of existence that we oughtto have nothing to
say, let the committee have its way, and banks
go down.
Mr. President, what is this proposition ? That
every national banking association, State bank,
or State banking association shall pay a tax of
ten per cent, on the amount of notes of any State
bank or State banking association paid out by
them after the 1st day of January, 1866." Is
that for revenue? I suppose the chairman will
scarcely claim that it is for revenue. I suppose
in the other House it was not claimed as a reve-
nue measure, but as a penalty to prevent the cir-
culation of State bank paper. I submit whether
we have a right to legislate for such a purpose as
that. I submit to the Senate that the Congress
of the United States has no power to legislate
State institutions out of existence. The Com-
mittee on Finance of this body have not recom-
mended the adoption of this section. They have
recommended that it be stricken out,but the chair-
man insists that the section shall be retained. The
recommendation of the committee is that this be
stricken out, and I hope the Senate will adopt the
recommendation of the committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 ought to inform the gen-
tleman that in my opinion—and I have no doubt
that he will find it so on the vote—a majority of
the committee were in favor of the House propo-
sition, but reported in favor of striking it out so
as to submit the question to the Senate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That may be so, though
I do not so understand it. If the Senator under-
stood that to be the view of his committee, it is
all right.
Mr. SHERMAN. The committee were so
evenly divided that they thought it better to sub-
mit the question to the Senate, and hence proposed
to strike out the section.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is certain that the com-
mittee, as the representative of the body for the
examination of this measure, has said to the Sen-
ate that the section ought to be stricken out. I
think so too. *1 suppose no Senator questions the
right and the power of a State to establish bank-
ing institutions. That is too well established to
admit of discussion any longer. It is one of the
rights, one of the prerogatives of the States to es-
tablish banking institutions and to authorize them
to issue paper money. The States have exer-
cised this power. In the State of Indiana it has
been exercised very beneficially to the trade and
prosperity of the people. If a State have the
power to establish State banking institutions, has
Congress the power to forbid it? If not to forbid
it directly, has Congress the power to defeat the
purpose of the State in the exercise of one of its
powers by indirect legislation? I claim, Mr.
President, that to some extent this question was
considered by the Supreme Couet in a case very
familiar to all Senators, ofMcCulloch vs. theState
of Maryland. It may be recollected that the
question there was whether the State of Mary-
land had the power to tax the branch of the Uni-
ted States Bank established within the limits of
that State, and the Supreme Court decided that
it could not be done; that the State of Maryland
could not tax the branch bank of the United States
within her limits as a branch; could tax its prop-
erty, its real estate, and could tax the stockhold-
ers, but could not tax it as a branch. The court
said:
" That the power to tax involves the power to destroy;
that the power to destioy may defeat and lender useless the
powr to create ; thar there is a plain repugnance, in con-
ferring on one Government a power to control the consti-
tutional mea&uros of another, which other, with respect to
tho?e very measuics, is declared to be suptetne over that
which exerts the control, are propositions not to be denied.
But all inconsistencies are to be reconciled by the magic
of the word confidence. Taxation, it is taid, does noi ne-
cessarily and unavoidably destroy. To carry it to the ex-
cess of destruction would be an abuse, to presume which
wouldbanK'h that confidence winch is ea&entml to all gov-
ernment.
'* i)iit is this a case of confidence? Would the peopleof
any one State trust thot^e of another with a power to con-
trol the most insignificant operation? of their Statcgovorn-
inent? We know they would not. Why. then, should we
suppose that the people of any one State should be willing
to uust fli'tec of anothfi with a power to control the ope - )
auom of a government to whicn they 1mvtc confided llietr i
most important atitf most valuable interest* ?" i
That is the reverse no#of the proposition I am
discussing. There the Supreme Court was dis*
cussing the question whether a State could mate-
rially by taxation interfere with the General Gov-
eminent in the exercise of any of its powers-; but
in another passage in the decision the court is
more pointed:
' "We are relieved, as we ought to be, from clashing sov-
ereignty; from interfering powers; from a repugnancy be-
tween a right in one Government to pull down'what there
is an acknowledged ligbt in another to build up ; from the
incompatibility of a right in one Government to destioy what
there is a right in another to preserve. We are not driven
to the perplexing inquiry, so unfit fbr the judicial depart-
ment, what degree of taxation is the legitimate use, and
what degree may amount to the abuse of the power. The
attempt to use it on the means employed by rhe Govern-
mentofthc Union, in pursuance of the Constitution, f  it-
self an abuse, because it is the usurpation of a power which
the people of a single State cannot give."
The language to which 1 wish particularly to
call the attention of Senators is the following:
" We are relieved,as we ought to be, from clashing sov-
ereignty ; from interleriug powers; fro in n repugnancy be-
tween a right in one (iovenmient to pull down what there
is an acknowledged light in another to build up; from the
incompatibility of a right in one Government to destroy
what there is a right in another to preserve."
It is conceded that the States have the right and
the power to establish State banks. The Supreme
Court, in the decision of this case, do not base
their decision upon any peculiar power possessed
by the General Government, but they hold the
broad doctrine, the doctrine necessary to be held
in maintaining the proper relations among the
States themselves and between the States and the
Federal Government, that one Governmentcannot
pull down that which another Government has a
right to establish. Does the Senator from Ohio
claim that a State has not the right to establish a
State bank? That is conceded, so well is it es-
tablished by the judicial decisions of the country.
Then if the State of Indiana, as an illustration,
has the power to establish a State bank, I ask
Senators if Congress has the power to forbid it?
If Congress has not the power to forbid it di-
rectly, has Congress the power to defeat the State -
by indirect legislation in an effort to exercise the
power which it is conceded she possesses ?
But I do not desire to discuss the question of
power further. I wish to refer to some other
considerations. Why is it claimed, not as a mat-
ter of revenue—for from this section there will
come no revenue; no Senator believes there will
come a revenue from this section—why is it
asked, that if a*bank in any one State, after the
time mentioned in this section,shaH not issue,
but pay out a State bank bill, that bank shall be
taxed ten percent, upon that payment? It is for
the purpose of driving from the commercial chan-
nels the circulation put there by the States, and
to give the occupation of the whole field to the
national banks. That, to strip it of all words
covering it up, is the purpose of this proposition,
to drive State circulation from the field,and give
the field entirely to the national banks.
What cause of complaint has the Government
of the United States against the State banks, Mr.
President ? A great many men are charged with
being disloyal in these times, but I have not heard
that any of the banks have been charged with that
offense. I have not heard that the State bank of
Indiana was charged with that offense when she
furnished money to get regiments into the field.
I did notunderstand that the President questioned
the loyalty of the New York banks when, in the
most trying hour of the Government, money was
obtained from them upon a loan perhaps to the
extent ai one time of $50,000,000. What is the
offense of the State banks that war must here be
made upon them ? I ask Senators, what have they
done? They have furnished the Government
money whenever called upon, to the full extent
of their ability, in some instances interfering seri-
ously with the commercial operations of their
ordinary customers. I understood the Senator
from Ohio, the chairman of the committee, in his
speech the other evening, to intimate that the
banks had been extending their circulation. Is
this proposition, then, to prevent too large a cir-
culation ? Is that the idea ? Let us see how that
is. I will take up fiist theState bank of Indiana,
as a blow is aimed at this bank, which, as one of
the representatives of that State, it is my duty to
see is dealt fairly by. I will state to the Senate
now the history of that bank's circulation within
the' last four years. In December, 1861) ther.cir-
