1240
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■. ^
eolation of the State bank of Indiana was $5,979,-
419; at the same date in 1862 the circulation was
$4,922,951, making a reduction in the year 1862
of #1,056,468. The amount in circulation on De-
cember 31,1862, was $4,922,951; and in Decem-
ber, 1863, $2,563,845, reducing in 1863, $2,359,-
106. The amount of circulation on December
31, J863, was $2,563,845; in 1864 it was $1,55X,-
j>48, making ayeduction in that yparof$l ,038,897,
makinga total reduction since 1861 of $4,454,471,
and leaving in the field only $1,524,948. 1 give
that one bank and its history during these three
years past as an illustration. She has reduced
her circulation from above five millions to a little
above one million; and yet it is claimed that that
is not a reduction sufficiently rapid to give the
entire field to the national bank circulation.
1 recollect that the debate of last year on the
revenue bill showed that the entire circulation of
the Statu banks was about one hundred and sixty-
nine millions. The Senator from Ohio, in his
speech the night before last, stated to the Senate
that the circulation of the State banks was now
about one hundred and thirty-six millions, so that
within the last year the State banks have in fact
reduecd their cuculatiori about thirty-three mil-
lion dollars, and that does not yet satisfy the de-
mands of the national banks, if a reduction of
$33,000,000 has been made in one year by the
Stale banks, is not that sufficiently rapid to answer
the purposes of the national institutions? Mr.
President,! ask Senators if they think the circu-
lation in the country ought to be reduced much
more rapidly ? Ought the circulation of the coun-
try be icduced more rapidly than §33,000,000 a
year out of $169,000,000? Is it. for the good of,
commerce and trade that it should be reduced more
rapidly ?
The next consideration to which I wish to call
the attention of the Senate is the effect of this
measure upon the circulation now in the field.
Senators all know that it is not possible for the
State banks immediately to call in their circula-
tion, I believe the State bank of Indiana at any
hour has been able to call in her entire circulation
if the people would give it up. She has offered
premiums of from one to five percent, for her
circulation sinco this war, and yet has not been
able to call it all in, bccause the people have con-
fidence in that circulation and prefer to lay it by
rather than the national bank circulation.
One hundred and thirty-six million dollars of
State bank circulation is now in*the channels of
trade and commerce of the country, and it is pro-
posed to say by this section thatany bunk which
after the 1st day of January next shall pay out
any note of these $136,000,000 of currency shall
be liable to a penally of ten per cent.; and what
will be the immediate effect? The banks are not
going to lose this ten per cent. It was never
kown yet that legislation striking atbankecaused
the banks to lose anything. The effect of the
proposition is to depreciate $136,000,000 of cur-
rency in the pockets of the people ten per cent.
In other words, if the reduction does not go on so
as to bring the currency down below §136,000,000
by the 1st of January, the effect will be to make
the people lose in their pockets ten percent, upon
$136,000,000 of currency. I have five dollars of
this currency; you have; it is in the pockets of
everybody. You say we cannot go to a neigh-
boring bank and pay it in upon our debts; it can
only be used by us in passing it from hand to
hand; it ceases to be bankable paper. It can only
be received by the bank that issued it, and that
bank can only receive it for the purpose of re-
demption. You make it by an act of Congress
not bankable paper, and what is the effect? To
strike it down ten per cent, at once and to make
the people lose just exactly ten per cent, upon
$136,000,000, and what for? Not to bring in a
revenue, for there is no mode by which you col-
lect this revenue. How are you to know when
a bank pays out five dollars of another batik's
paper? What is the machinery by which this
tax is to be collected? It is a penalty without a
remedy to enforce it; but it will have the effect
to depreciate the currency as I have stated.
^ But, Mr. President, I ask Senators if the na-
tional banks have not advantages enough already ?
What are the advantages that national banks have
over the State banks? First, they have the ad-
vantage of banking upon Government bonds, the
interest payable in gold. A national bank buys
$100,000 of United States bonds bearing? six per
cent, interest; they are deposited in the Treasury.
Every six months that interest is received from
the Treasury, and it is worth at the rafe of twelve
per cent, per annum, the gold being worth 200.
That is the first advantage a national bank has.
The next is not specially provided for in the
law, but a practice that lias grown up in the De-
partment, as I understand, that the Government
borrows the notes from the bank and instead
of that gives to the bank interest-bearing Treas-
ury notes. I know that was done in respect to
some of the western banks. Bonds were depos-
ited in the Treasury Department, ninety per cent,
of currency issued upon the bonds, and that cur-
rency was never taken West, but was borrowed
in this city by the Government, and the banker
received instead thereof five per cent, interest-
bearing Treasury notes. The gold interest is
worth to the bank twelve per cent., and the in-
terest-bearing note is worth five per cent., and
without doing any legitimate banking at all the
bank can thus make seventeen per cent. It has
the advantage, next, of the Government deposit
as a means of doing ordinary banking upon a re-
liable deposit, a very important deposit, which is
drawn out only gradually. The next advantage
the national banks have is that their currency is
receivable in payment of Government taxes and
State bank paper is not. The Government taxes
are intended to go to between three and four hun-
dred million dollars, and the State bank paper
cannot be received in payment of those taxes.
Here is a very large field occupied exclusively by
the national bank paper and by the Treasury
notes. How important that is to the national
banks can be appreciated by Senators.
TliGse notes are also,as I understand, receivable
at the Treasury in payment for the Government
bonds; and last, the capital of the national banks
is not taxable as the capital of State banks is—I
mean the bonds that are on deposit. The basis
of all this business, the bonds that are filed here,
out of which grows a profit, as I have shown, of
seventeen per cent., are not taxable by the State
and k)cal authorities, while the State bank capital
is liable to taxation by State and local authorities.
Now, I appeal to Senators if there need be a pen-
alty to drive the State circulation from the field
and to give it up exclusively to the national bank
currency, when there are such great advantages
given by present legislation to the national cur-
rency.
As a matter of fact I suppose Senators know
the enormous profits that these national banks are
making. Having a very trifling interest in one,
having no interest whatever in any State bank, 1
do know a little of the profits made by the na-
tional concerns, while 1 know nothing of the
profits made by the State banks. And,sir, with
the advantages that the laws on your statute-book
now give to them, these national banks can make
at the present time twenty-five per cent, every
year. 1 know of instances in which from April
last up to November they made at the rate of over
thirty per cent, per annum.
Then, sir, if you give such great advantages
to the national circulation by legislation already
adopted, why is it proposed arbitrarily to say
that the State banks shall not issue their paper?
I ask Senators if it is fair. If the people wish to
use the State bank circulation, if they have more
confidence in it and give it the preference, as a mat-
ter of confidence and commercial credit, have they
not a right to do it? If 1 have my money invested
in a State bank, and another Senator has his (I
speak in this way simply as the representatives
of our people) m a national bank, is it fair to say
that my capital shall be taxed out of the field, so
that unreasonable and extraordinary profit shall
be made by the capital invested in another direc-
tion ? I say this is legislation not becoming this
body. If revenue is wanted, let that revenue be
collected. I do not raise the question upon the
decision to which I have referred, that no taxes
can be collected off the State banks by the Gen-
eral Government. I do not here question it. I
am willing that the State banks shall be taxed,
dollar for dollar, as the national banks are; and
any person engaged in the national banking insti-
tutions that is not content with that is not satis-
fied with fair play. If a man has his money in
a national bank and he says, " 1 am not willing
to trust in the struggle for business to my credit
before the people; I invoke the arbitrary aid o(
Congress to drive my competitor from the field,
to give the entire commercial world up to me, that
I may make large gains out of it," it is n*ot an ad-
dress that the Congress of the United States ought
to heed. As one humble representative of an in-
terest, (not a large interest, as is shown to the
Senate by the figures I have given,) all I ask is
equality.
These institutions have been established by the
States, according to the authority that the States
have; that is not questioned. This currency is
now in the pockets of the people;' it is impot tant
to them. It is proposed now, not as a measure
of revenue, but arbitrarily, fitst to depreciate it in
the pockets of the people,and then to drive it out
of the field that the national banks may make a
larger profit. I say to Senators that the national
banks are making enough now. It cannot last
and the commercial prosperity of the country
continue. When banks can make from twenty
to thirty per cent, on their capital, there is some-
thing wrong in the commercial world that will
show itself at some time. They are making such
piofits as no banks ever made before; yet they
are not content.
I know Senators pretend that the Government
has got some interest m this. 1 have looked on
all sides to see how the Government is interested
in it. The Government is interested, of course,
when she sells her bonds, to sell them and get
curiency such as she receives; bift why is sh«
interested in driving the State bank circulatior
out of the field ? Why is the Government inter-
ested in that? If she borrows from a national
bank the issues of that bank she has to pay in'
terest for them; she has to pay just as much in-
terest as if she borrowed from a State bank. It
there were any machinery by which a national
bank could make money and give it to the Gov-
ernment without any interest, 1 could see some
advantage in this business; but as these national
banks simply make money for the stockholders,
I cannot see how the Government of the United
States is interested in the question. I can see
how the Government would have saved a good
deal of money by issuing the ordinary Treasury
n cites, the legal tenders, instead of establishing
this banking system, because she pays no inter-
est on those notes, and they will pass if the peo-
ple have faith in the ability of the Government to
pay the money. But instead of that, the Govern-
ment has adopted the policy of issuing bonds bear-
ing interest pnyable in coin, receiving the bonds
back as security, and then issuing bank paper to
the national banks, and that paper is to take the
place of the circulation of the country. I am
not able to see how the Government has made
money out of that transaction; and yet it is claimed
that it was a sharp thing, that the Government
made money somehow. 1 am not able to see it;
but that is past; the national banks are estab-
lished, and they are now being increased, as I
notice in an evening paper, at the rate of $3,000,000
of capital a week; they are in the field; and the
State banks are in the field trying to reduce their
circulation, reducing it in one year $33,000,000,
and we are called upon to clear the iieJd for the
national banks, not to make money for the Gov-
ernment, for it does not do it; it is simply to give
the national banks an opportunity to make all the
money that it is possible to make out of the trade
and commerce of the country.
Mr. McDOUGALL. And centralize power
here.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I spoke of that very
briefly awhile ago. At the last session this sub-
ject was somewhat discussed, and Congress de-
cided that the tax should be the same upon the
national banks and upon the State banks, the
same upon their circulation and upon their de-
posits. Have Senators changed their views on
the subject? Senators gave their vote when the
circulation of the State banks was one hundred
and sixty-nine millions. Now that they have
reduced it to one hundred and thirty-six millions,
why are Senators asked to change the policy?
There is something about this that I cannot un-
derstand. Equality in this matter is justice.
But of all the modes of striking atthe State banks,
this is the most objectionable. It brings no rev-
enue, but depreciates the currency now in the
pockets of the people to the extent of one hun-
dred and thirty-six millions, bringing upon that
