1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
475'
taken Ins seat, made to the incident he related of
Mr. Fox, who said he had got so altered that his
oldest creditors would not know him. I think
something like that has occurred to this resolu-
tion; but notwithstanding; the fact that it lias
been so altered, and that about everything which
was exceptionable in it has been stricken out,
still the Senator from Massachusetts cannot see
it except#s it was before any alteration was made;
and the beautiful philippic that he has delivered
against " retaliation in kind" is delivered against
a kind of resolution that has got nothing of the
kind m it, [laughter,] because all that has been
stricken out by the motion of the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio.
That is enough on that part of the case; but
there is one branch of this subject which has been
alluded to by two Senators who have addressed
the Senate, one the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Davis,] in very bold and explicit
terms, as he always does—whatever he does say
he says plainly and boldly—and the other the
honorable Senator from Maryland, [Mr. John-
son,] who, if 1 understood him, though I have
not his remarks before me, was not quite so ex-
plicit, but I think he had the same sentiments, to
which I desire to lefer for a few moments,
I would have been glad if the honorable Sen-
ator from Kentucky could have discussed this
subject of the barbarity of the rebels to our pris-
oners without going out of the way to make his
philippic equally severe against his own Govern-
ment; for all the thunders which he denounces
against the rebellion and against the rebels he says
should be visited with equal force upon our own
Government. Pei haps it was too much to expect
the Senator from Kentucky at this time of life
and of his senatorial expeiience to begin to make
a speech which did not have that essential ingre-
dient of denunciation of the President in it. The
Senator has said, and well said, that the laws of
war and the laws of retaliation have been very
much ameliorated. That is tiuc; but I think in
the speech he made he gave evidence thatthelaws
of forensic debate in this body have been exceed-
ingly ameliorated, more so than the laws in rela-
tion to war, or in relation to retaliation. When
I heard the Senator from Kentucky larding and
illustrating his speech with high-wrought culo-
gium on the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Sumner,] I said " There is a change here also not
less remarkable than the change m regard to war
and m regard to retaliation." [Laughter.]
But. sir, I will leturn to the point upon which
I rose to address a few words to the Senate, and
that was a remark made by the Senators from
Kentucky and Maryland; and if I do themmjus-
tice I am willing to be corrected. The Senator
from Kentucky, if I undeistood him, I will not
undertake to give his words, but the idea, said,
in substance, that if the only obstruction to the
exchange of prisoners grows out of a refusal on
the part of the rebels to exchange colored pris-
oners, the exchange ought to go on nevertheless,
and the colored prisoners left in prison or in con-
finement; anil J understood the Senator from Ma-
ryland to make substantially the same averment:
that if the treatment of our colored pusoners was
the only obstacle in the way of these exchanges,
they ought to be left in prison. Against that senti-
ment J wish 
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator allow
me to explain my position?
Mr. HALE. 1 think 1 have stated the Sena-
tor's position In substance.
Mr. DAVIS. Oh, no; that was not my posi-
tion.
Mr. HALE. I will hear the Senator.
Mr. DAVIS. The honorable Senator did not
state me exactly right. My position was this:
that if any class of Union pusoners, without re-
gard to color, cquld be exchanged by our Gov-
ernment, it was the duty of our Government to
make the exchange, and not to permit the fact that
another class of prisoners cannot be exchanged to
be an obstacle to the exchange of those who can
be exchanged, and that without regard to color.
Mr. HALE. That is a modified' statement of j
the position, but the sentiment is the same. That j
sentiment, that opinion, and that position I deny |
utterly. If this Government, having called to its j
defense this most defenseless class, a class who are
without rights, without the right to protect them-
selves or "the right to seek protection under a
Government of law—if this Government, in this
gigantic struggle for its existence, has called upon
that defenseless portion of its people to come into
the ranks and fight its battles, if there is one duty
on earth binding above all other duties upon this
Government, it is to see that every protection con-
sistent with the state of war and the laws of war and
the rights of war are extended to that defenseless
portion of our soldiery. Sir, look at them. What
arc they ? The highest judicial tribunal of the land
has said they were a class with no rights that
white men were bound to respect; they were the
outcasts and the down-trodden of earth; the com-
mon rights of humanity denied to them; holden,
instead of being considered as men, like beasts of
burden, and sold like them on the auction block.
This country, in its hour of necessity and emer-
gency, has called upon these men, and they have
come forward; and the testimony of all youroffi-
cers is that they have fought with a courage, a
heroism, a bravery, and a devotion unsurpassed
by any of your soldiers. The proposition that
if they be captured and held by the rebels as pris-
oners they may be neglected and overlooked in
any contingency is to my mind monstrous, and
would stamp this Government before all posterity
and all time as guilty of the most infamous po-
sition they could take. When you called a black
man into your Army, when you gave him your
uniform and made him a soldier, he became a
soldier to all intents and purposes; and if there
is one class more than another that has a right in
the hour of its distress to appeal to the Govern-
ment for protection, it is that most helpless and
most defenseless class that you have put into
your Army. I say that if theGovernment, in its
negotiations forexchanges,consents to the shadow
of a shade of difference that shall operate to the
disadvantage of the colored soldier, they are
treacherous to the highest trusts that have been
confided to them, and false and lecreant to the first
principles of duty which the position of these
men imposes upon the Government.
I desire to make these remarks in order that
this sentiment might notgo out unchallenged bo-
fore the country. I repeat again that in propor-
tion to their defenseless position they have the
higher claim upon the Government. What is
the history of it? Wo began this war without
their help. Wc were disposed to ignore them.
We treated them in the manner in which the pub-
lic policy of the General Government had treated
them. But, sir, the God of nations and the God
of justice taught us a terrible lesson. We were
slow to learn it, but we learned it at last. AVc
learned that in this gigantic strife it was neces-
sary to our final success, to secure the blessing
of the God of nations, that wc should use for
our defense in this struggle this very class of our
population. We have called on them; we have
called them into our service by hundreds and
thousands,and by our legislation we arc inviting
them there again, and our armies in a great meas-
ure are filled up with them. What will be the
effect, what will be the consequence, if it be pro-
claimed to-day that the Government of the Uni-
ted States have adopted o policy which looks to
the exchange of their white prisoners, leaving the
black prisoners to their fate ?
Mr. HOWARD. If my respected friend from
New Hampshire will permit me, I will put him one
question connected with this matter. It has been
often remarked in this body that the rebel authori-
ties will never consent to thcexcluuige of the Union
black prisoners in their own hands for their own
prisoners token by us. Suppose the rebel Gov-
ernment should absolutely refuse to lecogmzc the
right of the black piisoner to be treated as a pris-
oner of war, and therefore to be exchanged; sup-
pose they persistently refuse to include the biac k
man in the cartel of exchange m any form what-
ever, and insist upon holding him m perpetual J
captivity both as a prisoner of war and as a slave, j]
as theymtend to do according to our best infonn-
ation; I ask my friend from iNew Hampshire
now in what way he will enforce that rule of war
by which a captor is bound to surrender up his |;
captive at the end of the war. How are we to 1
get possession of these Union prisoners who have
a black skin unless it be by a direct retaliation
in kind upon rebel prisoners m our hands? How
are we to recover them except by letainnig in cap-
tivity the rebels who are in our hands as prison-
ers of war? What other way m theie to get them
except by retaliation in kind or by a generous
ransom to be paid in money or cotton, or some
other mode? That brings us back at once to the
consideration of the question of the propriety of
resorting to retaliatory measures in kind.
Mr. HALE. I do not see that that question
is exactly pertinent to the train of argument I
was pursuing. I have always thought much of
the wisdom of the answer that used to be given
by a magistrate whom I used to practice before
when I practiced law in my early days. If there
was any fine-spun question raised which he did
not see had a pertinent bearing to the issue, he
would say, " Stop a moment; i am not going to
spend my judgment on that now." [Laughter.]
Mr. HOWARD. It is one you have got to
meet, and that soon.
Mr. HALE. Well, sir, I will put a parallel
case: if the rebels refuse to treat captive colored
men as prisoners, and the Government knows it,
and yet the Government invites eolored persons
to enlist in the Army and go out and fight its
battles, and puts them in a position where they
are liable to be takeu prisoners; I say, if this
Government abandons them to their fate, with-
out putting forth every energy at its command for
their salvation as its first duty, the Government
is infamous before the nations.
Mr. HOWARD. I say amen to that.
Mr. HALE. Then we agree upon that. That
is what I say; that is the point upon which I
stand; it is the only thing upon which I rose to
say anything. I repeat, by taking these men into
our ranks, clothing them with our uniform, mak-
ing them soldiers, putting them in a condition
where they arc liable to be taken prisoners, we
are boCmd by every consideration of honor and
of humanity to stand by them, not to leave them
for a moment, but to put forth all the energy and
power wc can possibly do to save them. It was
for the purpose of saying this I rose, and hav-
ing said it, I leave the subject.
Mr. JOHNSON. The honorable member from
New Hampshire, I am sure, has no purpose to
misrepresent me in anything I have said on this
or any other occasion, but although he may have
no purpose to misrepresent me, if he will sec that
he has misunderstood me he will be satisfied that
he has practically misrepresented me.
What I said was that it was our duty to effect
an exchange to every extent to which we could
accomplish it; that if one of the difficulties of
making that exchange coextensive with the ne-
cessity of the entire case, so as to embrace all the
prisoners that the rebels may have in their hands,
was their refusal to exchange that portion of such
prisoners as belonged to the African race, it was
incumbent upon the Government to exchange so
many of their prisoners for so many of ours as
could be accomplished, retaining in our hands as
many of their prisoners, man for man, as would
equal in number those of the black prisoners of
ours in their hands, not to abandon them to the
mercies of the rebels, but not to make that diffi-
culty such an impediment that we will abandon
our obligation to our white soldiers.
I put H to the Senator from New Hampshire
whether, if this state of things shall exist, he would
he willing that there should be no exchanges.
We have of their prisoners, say thirty thousand;
they have of ours thirty thousand; and of that
thirty thousand ten thousand are colored soldiers.
They are willing to exchange the twenty thousand
that they have of white soldiers for the twenty
thousand that we have of their white soldiers; but
the United States say, No; we will do no such
thing; we will leave in rebel imprisonment, sub-
ject to all the cruelties to which they are subjected,
the enure white soldiery of the United States, be-
cause wc arc unable to get back more than a por-
tion of our soldieis, the rebels having decided, or '
being supposed to have determined, that they
would not release any of their black prisoners.
Does the honorable member say that would be
right? He feels for the black soldier not more
stiongly than I do. I have said before, upon this
floor, at the last session, and, 1 believe, at the
present session, that 1 would go as far as any
Senator in protecting any black man who might
be enlisted into the service of the United States,
and shouldered his musket to protect the rights of
the United States; but while i feel all the sym-
pathy and all the obligation consequent upon the
extent of that proper sympathy to the black pris-
