1242
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
wise and sensible men should be engaged in the
-work of so forming a bill ostensibly for the pur-
pose of raising revenue as to affix a provision to
destroy the institutions of the States, and by that
destruction to drive out a much better currency
than the one they propose to substitute. If they
succeed in this, carrying their principle out, after
they shall have by their legislation prevented the
issue or circulation of notes of any State bank,
however good or solvent that bank may be, I
shguld not be astonished if 1 were to find these
same gentlemen introducing a bill to tax the na-
tional bank issues out of existence in order to
substitute shavings as a currency. I venture to
say that in the history of no people on earth who
understood anything of finance and commerce
and circulation was there ever such a proposition
before. The avowed object of this section of the
bill, as it came from the House of Representa-
tives, was and is to drive the circulation of the
State banks out of existence for the purpose of
substituting that of your national banks. Does
any gentleman here pretend to say that your na-
tional bank cuirency is as good as that of the
larger portion of the State banks? if any gentle-
man in this Chamber entertains any such opinion
as that, 1 shall be most happy if he will bring me
a million or two of the notes of the State banks of
Kentucky and allow me to give him for them
greenbacks at par. The State bank notes in all
jny region of country are better than your na-
tional bank currency. Those banks are formed
and organized on principles that have been ap-
proved by wise bankers for the last five hundred
years; they have been eminently successful, and
to-day their paper is much better than your na-
tional bank paper; it is much better than your
Government paper in any form whatever. And
yet, sir, those institutions that have been estab-
lished by the State of Kentucky and other States,
that our people know to be safe and solvent and
that they desire to retain, are to be taxed out of
existence by the Congress of the United States.
You have no constitutional power to do it. If
you wish to raiso revenue from these banks, tax
them precisely as you do the national banks, and
tax them no more.
The result of this course of legislation is utterly
to destroy all the rights of the States. It is as-
serting a power which if carried out to its logical
result would enable the national Congress to de-
stroy every institution of the States and cause ail
power to be consolidated and concentrated here.
Instead of doing this, in my judgment, if you
were to act like wise and sensible men, you would
pass a law repealing your national bank system
entirely, for it has so far proved an utter failure,
and the longer itexists the more manifest its rot-
tenness will be. Talk not to me of the success
of a banking system that has not been in exist-
ence two years and the notes of which are already
at fifty percent, discount. It is rotten to the very
coie; it violates every sound principle of finance
and every correct principle of banking, if we
do anything in, this matter let us repeal the law
creating the national banks, repeal the law making
your greenbacks a legal tender, and then all the
good State banks in the country will resume
specie payments, and you will come to something
like a healthy currency, and then the chairman
of the Committee on Finance will not be under
the necessity of appealing to the people to pay
large taxes now when they have a worthless cur-
rency in which to pay them, because by and by
they will have to pay in gold.
Sir, I have a fear of the concentrated power that
is claimed by some gentlemen to exist here. So
shape your legislation under the asserted power
of taxation (not to raise revenue, but to destroy
existing institutions) that no State in the Union
can have a bank of issue, and then you have a
grand consolidated system of centralisation so
far as your finances are concerned, with a con-
trolling power in this capital. Every man knows
the power of money. It is dangerous to the lib-
erties of the people,and I fear will ultimately be
used as a lever by which to overthrow and de-
stroy those liberties. For one, I look on this
system of consolidation with the greatest fear
and apprehension.
In my judgment there never was a more unjust
or unwise proposition, never one more utteily
destructive of the principles of the Constitution
of our country, mid when you shall have accom-
plished what is proposed, you will by your law
have driven out a better for the purpose of sub-
stituting a meaner currency. When the Senator
from Ohio was urging upon us the national bank
bill, if we could have believed the arguments he
adduced and the proclamations he made about
the glory and the grandeur and the greatness of
the system and the excellence of the currency it
would give us, we must have supposed that by
this time it would command a small premium
over gold instead of being at fifty per cent, dis-
count as it is.
Mr. President, I hope the Senate will long pause
before they claim the power to tax the institutions
of the States out of existence, or claim power to
destroy the local institutions of the States which
it is admitted on all hands they have the power to
create. No man doubts the power of the States
to create State banks. It is a power that never
was and I suppose never will be questioned. I
believe there are one or two States in which banks
cannot be established. I think in the constitution
of Arkansas there is a provision that there shall
be no banks in that State; but where a constitu-
tional provision of the State does not intervene
there can be no doubt of the power.
The honorable Senator from Ohio spoke of the
very great issues of the State banks; he said that
they had increased their circulation, The Sena-
tor is mistaken in that. About the New England
banks I am not so particularly advised, but I know
there is not a bank in Kentucky which has not
been retiring its issues as fast as it could during
the last two years. I have not the tables before
me, hut I know every bank in Kentucky has been
retiring its issues as fast as it possibly could,and
for a very sound financial reason, becausc the
greenback which they give for their notes when
they redeem them is of less value than their own
circulation. Their own bank paper is better than
the greenback with which they redeem; and while
that is the case the State banks will continue to
retire their circulation. Two or three years ago
we had many millions more of local circulation
than we now have, and perhaps at one time some
banking institutions availed themselves of the fact
that they were not required to redeem in coin in
order to make greater issues than before, but I
think the solvent, good banks throughout the
country have not clone so. I do not believe the
banks of New York have done so, and I know
that the banks in the West, at least in Kentucky
and Indiana, have not so acted.
Mr. President, it was not my purpose to detain
the Senate, for I know that tune is precious, but
I could not allow this pioposition to be acted upon
without saying a few words in regard to it.
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. President, I shall
not detain the Senate very long; but before the
vote is taken on this,amendment I wish to say a
few words. The proposition contained in this sec-
tion is simply a proposition to wind up the State
banks. In fact the proposition might be put in
diffetent language altogether, and should aeclare
that after the date named no State bank in the
United States shall be permitted to issue paper as
a circulating medium. We all know very well
that no bank can afford to issue its paper if it has
to pay upou that issue a tax of ten per cent. So
it is, as the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance says, a proposition simply to get rid of the
State banks.
I know the unwillingness of the Senate to hear
anything upon this subject now; we are getting
very near to the end of the session, and time is
precious; but the measure is one of the most
important ever presented to this body, and this
must be my excuse for tiespassing atail. What
do you propose to do? You propose to divert
all the capital now in the State banks into na-
tional banks; to break down the one system and
to build up the other; and if time permitted, it
would be well to'inquire what is the one and
what is the other? I know there is a prejudice
against State banks, but why is it? What creates
that prejudice? What have the State banks done
against the Government? Can any Senator tell
me? I should be very glad to know. Are they
disloyal ? Are they in the hands of disloyal men ?
Have they refused to sustain the Government?
Have they refused to purchase the bonds of the
Government? Mr. President, I make the asser-
tion before the Senate that the local banks of thi«
counUy to-day have in their hands, purchased
from the Government of the United States, and
from individuals who had obtained them from
the Government, double the amount of United
States securities that the national banks have.
You have succeeded in incorporating $190,000,GOO
of capital in the national banks, and, delighted
with the success,you propose now to drive aJl the
bank capital of this country into a system of
banking that has never been tried except to be
condemned.'
I deny, first, the constitutional power of Con-
gress to do the thing proposed. Is it any longer
a doubted question that a State may incorporate
a company to issue paper, a company called a
banking company ? The Supreme Court has again
and again decided the question. It was thought
to be settled in the days of Chief Justice Marshall
and no longer subject to dispute. Then if it be a
constitutional power of aState to charter a bank
to issue circulation, I desire to know what power
Congress has to break it down. I will admit the
power of Congress to tax the State banks; I have
no doubt about it; but 1 deny the power, under
the plea and pretense of taxation, to destroy those
institutions. Congress may tax for'purposes of
revenue, but not with the direct and avowed pur-
pose of destroying an interest created and built
up under a power legitimately belonging to the**
States. Congress may lay and collect taxes,
duLies, imposts, and excises, but all duties, im-
posts,and excises should be uniform. If any one
interest may be specially and without limit sub-
jected to the burdens of excise tax, with our pres-
ent public debt, that interest may be entirely
destroyed. The supposed guarantees of the Con-
stitution, securing equality of right and an equita-
ble and just distribution of public burdens, would
prove wholly unavailing.
The chief pretext under which you now pro-
pose to destroy the State banks is that they stand
in the way of successful financial operations by
the General Government. Let me tell Senators,
and especially those fiom States proposing to tear
down these institutions, because, forsooth, they
are in the way of a good currency, in the way of
the proper adjustment of the financial concerns of
the Government, that in the course ofa few years
from now the great West, which is putting State
after State into the American Union, will have the
power in this body and in the other House to say
that a great many things stand in the way of the
prosperity of the country. Suppose they should
say that the great manufacturing establishments
of the northern or New England States have re-
ceived bounties and premiums at the hands of
Congress long enough, and that it has become the
duty of the West, for the general good, to force
the immense amount of capital aggregated in Mas-
sachusetts, in New York, in Connecticut, in Ver-
mont, New Hampshire, and other States, to aban-
don the avocations in which that capital is now
invested and compel it to go West and seek em-
ployment with us; can it not be done ? I insist
that there is no trouble in accomplishing it if this
precedent be followed.
You say the money power of the local banks
is too strong for the success of a banking scheme
having only the merit of being incorporated by
Congress. The national bank system upsets
every principle of finance which time and experi-
ence, through peace as well as war, have proved
to he correct; but Congress in its wisdom has
chosen to adopt it. The people, the trading, com-
mercial classes, do not seem to be so well satisfied
with itas Congress. They deposit their surplus
means with the old institutions. They discount
their notes with them, and receive their issues
and pay them out. The national banks hunger
for this business. They are already made the
depositories of the Government funds, but that
will not do. The State banks may survive even
with this advantage against them. They next
seek private deposits and the exclusive privilege
of furnishing to the country a circulation. If
the people will not cease to keep their deposit
accounts with the local banks and obstinately re-
fuse to transfer them to the new banks; if they
will receive and circulate the notes of the old
banks, believing them to be a safe medium of ex-
change, there is nothing left but the course now
proposed. Experience condemns the new system;
the commercial and trading people will not trust
it. No country has ever tried an irredeemable
currency without great loss-, and very often finan-
