1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
477
and usual parole, that they might return to their
homes.
I will next read from a communication of Mr.
Ould, dated War Department, Richmond, Vir-
ginia, July 26, 18G3, to our commissioner for ex-
changes ia which he, as the rebel commissioner,
says:
" If, at this time, you have aijy officers of the rank I have
deflated exchanged, or of any other rank, or if you have
any particular organization of privates or non-commis-
sioned officers whom you wish exchanged, you have only
to state such fact and your selection will be approved. If
you hold the paroles "of our officers of any rani?, as you
state, you have only to present them, and whatever is in
our hands, wheiher on parole or m captivity, will be fiuely
given in exchange foi them."
Now, sir, here is the full, explicit, unreserved,
unconditional promise of this commissioner of
exchange that the authorities of the United States
might make their own selection among all the
private soldiers and officers held in captivity by
the rebel armies or who were on their parole, that
did not come within the particular interdiction of
Jeff. Davis's proclamation; and that the whole
of them should be exchanged for rebel soldiers
who were held by the Union armies as captives.
This proposition was notacceptcd by our author-
ities, but was treated by them with cold neglect.
Colonel Ludlow was relieved as United States
agent for the exchange of prisoners, and that ex-
cellent gentleman, that intelligent citizen and sol-
dier, that loyal and true man, General Meredith,
of Indiana, whose acquaintance 1 have the pleas-
ure and honor to enjoy, was appointed his suc-
cessor. Pie went down to Fortress Monroe to
enter upon this business, the exchange of pris-
on e i s. He says, in a communication to General
Halleck, that his predecessor was reticent on the
subject; i believe that is the phrase, "reticent;"!
should have said "reserved," in my old-fash-
ioned lingo. At any rate, he was not communi-
cative, and General Meredith undertook the ex-
amination of his books, and he gathered front those
books, which he says had been badly kept, what
were the obstacles in the way of a free and full
exchange, and in this letter to the General-in-
Chief he stated them thus:
" From what i can gather m Colonel Ludlow's letter
book-,, ] suppose the following are points to be insisted
upon :
u 1. Tli e immediate exchange of Colonel Streight and liis
command.
An agreement that Dr. Green shall be held by the
United States Government as a hostage for JDr, Ruckei;
othe; Miigeon^ to be exchanged.
U. That all othet-ia commanding negro troops, and ne-
pio troops themselves, s?hall be treated as other prisoners of
war, and exchanged in the same way."
There is the chief difficulty, stated in the most
precise language. It was that the negro soldiers
and their officers should be treated as other pris-
oners, and exchanged in the same way; and that
it should be insisted upon by him as it had been
by his predecessor.
This communication of General Meredith was
dated A ugust 7,1863, and on the 12th of the same
month General ilalieck replied to it, and from
his reply I read:
'Mn older, however, to avoid any difficulty on this
point, Genetal Meiedith will he authorized to agieo with
Mr. Ould that all patoles given bv oiheeis and men on
eilhn fdo. between tho 2.3d of May and the 3d of July,
not in eontoinuty with the stipulation- of the c.nteld be
rcsaid'Ml as null and void, a decimation to that elloet be-
ing published ti) the aimn - ol both in lliireients.
'• Th entlicr tin ( c point.- mentioned in Geneial M^ieditir*
letlei o  the ah in-iant seem to be fully understood by him.
The Goiei mncnt of the United Slates bill, under no ci>-
cuinsluntti. yield to either oj these })oints."
GenrmI Meredith was thus instructed by the
Gencrai-m-Chiefthathefully understood the tiuee
points, and that theyformed an ultimatum, 4,that
all officers of negro troops and negro troops them-
selves shall be treated as prisoners of war, and
exchanged in the same way."
Hut that is not all on this point. Here is an
extract from another letter from General Meredith
to the War Department, dated Fortress Monroe,
September 23, 18G3: 9
'•.Mr. Ould made the following proposition: 'That all
oflkci -> and men on both Mdo° be iele:i«ed, unless' tiieip he
actual chaise.- against them. It ofiiceis or men are held on
eiiaiil'-s w iueli their Government cons-idei unjiirt, let one
oi nioie lindane- be held mi such, il there be <barges
a'-aniPt othe"i-"and men, and they aie not tried on the same
within a tea-onable tune, (to be agieed upon.) tiiey aie to
be discharged.'"
Now, sir, as to the great mass of white pris-
oners from our Army held in rebel prisons, heie
was a proposition for their immediate and uncon-
ditional release by exchange or upon parole, to
be reciprocal between the parties. If this prop-
osition had been accepted, more than nine tenths
of our soldiers in captivity would then havegone
free. But how was this proposition received by
our authorities? General Hitchcock, who was the
chief in control of the exchange of prisoners, in
this city, wrote, in reply to that proposition of
Mr. Ould, through General Meredith, as follows,
on the 26th September, 1863:
"The proposition submitted from Mr. Ould, In your
letter of 23d instant,' that all officers and men on both
{fides be released, unless there be actual charges nzamst
them,' Sec., is not accepted. The ell'ort to make a distinc-
tion between officers seiving with different species of
ttoops can leceive no countenance whatever."
The proposition of the rebel commissioner was
for the release of all officers and men on both
sides against whom there were no charges. It
was objcctcd to by General Hitchcock for the
single cause that it was an " effort to make a dis-
tinction between officers serving with different
species of troops," and for that cause would re-
ceive no countenance whatever. The fair inference
is that &s to the men there was no objection, other-
wise it would have been stated. Why, then, was
it not agreed, or proposed by our authorities that
the men should be mutually released ? Because it
was their settled purpose, a sine qua ?ton, that men
and officers should be exchanged together; that if
the rebel authoiitics would detain the officers, the
men too should stay and perish with them.
The rebel proposition was, " We will release
all your officers and men against whom we have
no charges of the commission of crime on condi-
tion that you will release ours against whom you
have no charges held by you." This proposition
was rejected by our authorities, and the torture
of nine tenths of our brave and patriotic men,
whom they might have deliveicd, they thus per-
mitted to proceed to its dread consummation. In
my judgment this was not only a mistake, not
only injustice,buta shocking crime committed by
our authorities.
Sir, we have heard in debate and we have seen
from documents road here, that it was objected
to exchanging these brave unfortunate men that
already a great many of them were nearly starved
to death; and if they were exchanged, healthy,
vigorous rebels, ready to take up arms and do
efficient service in the rebel causc, would be given
for dying, starving Union patriots, many of whose
terms of service were about to expire. Sir, such
a consideration, instead of being a reason for de-
nying the exchange, for delaying it, for protract-
ing it, is among the strongest reasons that could
address themselves to my mind and to my heart
why we should have accepted the exchange with
all the speed possible. If any portion of those
men had apparently but a day to live, if they
were physically capable of enduring their tortures
but a single day, and that day could have been
saved to the soldier, and given to his proper
nursing and treatment to snatch him from a grave
that was already apparently opening for him,
haste should have been made to seize the oppor-
tunity lest it should be lost forever. Not only
humanity, but patriotism and justice demanded
this as the last hope to save the starving, dying
patriot soldier, and. to restore him to his home
and his family.
Mr. I1ALE. I beg to interrupt the Senator to
inquire it he would not rather have a whole day.
If so 1 will move an adjournment.
Mr. DAViS. The Senator is one of the most
liberal gentlemen 1 know; but I believe I will give
111in the next day, or rather I think he and I can
occupy the next day by advocating a committee
to investigate the enormous and gigantic fiauds
and corruptions that have been perpetrated on this ,
Government, and which ho so eloquent!y por-j
trayed this morning. Sir, I have come nearly to j
a conclusion. Hero is what General Meiedith !
said again in a loiter to the War Department: j
'•In replv to my demand for the relea-e of Golonel j
Stieiaht and his rnmmand, 1 was informed that they were ,
in iviehniuiu! held a  oihrr pn-one,- of u.u, <iud will be ,
ex«-J fUi«ed when e\eh:u;'_"^ of ofiutTs are lesnmed. In ■
lel'tlioii to Hi. Unekei, Mi. Ould leinied ni" to his letter
ol August JO, which I have the honor to torw.ud herewith. ,
'•To my demand 'that alt olhettv conmnuidim' uearo
troops, and negio tioep-; themselves, thould be tieated as ;
other pr^onet-, of win, and be evehanged as such,' Mr.
Ould declined acceding, remarking thai they (th" rebels) I
wunld ' die in the la-t ditch' betoie giving up the right to i
?end laves back to slaveryarfpiopeityreeaptuicd, butthat !
thev weie willing to make exceptions ui the ca&c of Iree j
bUeks." . '
Thus it appears they were willing to yield for
exchange all the white private soldiers, all free
negro soldiers, but they would die in the last
ditch before they would give m exchange-ncgroes
who by the constitution and laws of their States
were the property of thoir own people. They
insisted, as they ought with their views to have
insisted, upon their right and obligation to the
people of their own States, and of their own con-
federacy, whenever negro property came into the
hands of their military authorities that belonged
to their citizens by the constitution and laws of
Virginia, and the other confederate States, that it-
was their duty to return that property back to its
owners.
" lie could not exactly tell me how his authorities in-
tended to distinguish between the two, (free and slave,) but
pie^umed that evidence as to the tact of freedom would be
taken into consideiation. As their laws put slave and fiee
upon the same footing, no comment is necessary."
Furthermore:
" An informal proposition was made to the following
effect: 'To exchange otllcei for oflicei of the same grade,
except such as are in command ol negro troops*,' which was
declined."
The rebel authorities there made a proposition
with three branches. First, that all the white
private soldiers on both sides should be exchanged;
second, that all the free negroes who were free at
the time they entered the Army, and whose free-
dom would be subject of proof, should be ex-
changed; and then the further proposition to ex-
change officer for officer of the same grade, except
such as were in command of negro troops; and
this proposition was declined, inflexibly and un-
conditionally declined, by our authorities. That
reduced the whole matter to this point: they re-
tained the negroes who were the property of peo-
ple living in the confederate States to surrender
them to their owners. They were induced to do
that because the constitution and laws of those
States gave to those owners a right to that prop-
erty, and their own men in authority had that
property in possession, and therefore it was their
duty to yield it up to irs owners. They then
made a proposition to exchange officer for officer,
retaining only those who commanded negro
troops, and a further proposition that those offi-
cers should be tried—i do not know whether by
a military court or not, but I hope not., God do-
liver the civilian from a military court. If I was
the monarch of this land a little while, there is
not a man who has ordered a civilian to be tried
by a military court, and there is not a military
man who has acted as judge advocate of such
court, or has been a member of such a court, and
has pronounced jndgmentin violation of the plain
letter of the Constitution, and of the liberty it guar-
anties to the citizen, that I would not bring to in-
stant and condign punishment by hanging him as
high as Human.
Mr. HOWARD. Without trial?
Mr. DAVIS. No,sir; I would try him by the
civil courts, I would try him by a jury of his
peers. He should not be condemned and exe-
cuted unless he was condemned according to the
course of the common law recognized byour Con-
stitution and fought for by our fathers through-
out the revolutionary war. .Never, sir, should
any man, except one in the naval or military ser-
vice of the United Slates, be tried or punished in
any other way than by a fair trial by a jury of
his peers according to the course of the common
law.
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator will allow
me——
Mr. DAVIS. I shall be done in a minute, and
then you shall have all the time after me.
Several Fixators. Let us adjourn.
Mr. HOWARD. I do notrisefor the purpose
of moving an adjournment, but I am not perfectly
suie that I understand the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. DAVIS. Weil, mr.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator has plunged in
med'uts res. I am extremely anxious to compre-
hend hnn.
Mr. DAVIS. I will endeavor to make myself
comprehensible.
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator from Ken-
tucky v. ill pardon me, I should like to be en-
lightened on this point: whether, if he was the
omnipotent magistrate that lie speaks of, he would
permit his officers who had been in the command
of negro troops,and who hud fallen into the hands
of the enemy as prisoners of war, to be tried by
