478
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
their captors for the crime of having commanded
liis black troops? This is the question upon
which I wish his opinion. He rather shied the
main point.
Mr. DAVIS. I will give you a categorical an-
swer if you will just allow me the opportunity.
Mr. HOWARD. That is what i want, a cate-
gorical answer.
Mr. DAVIS. I would not.
Mr. HOWARD. I thought not.
Mr. DAVIS. I would not; but I would say
this, that if my effort to defeat such a trial as that
could not prevail, I would never consent that the
failure of my effort to defeat such a trial should
prevent me from agreeing to the exchange of
every private soldier held in rebel captivity. And
I say that an officer or a Government or an au-
thority that would make the failure of the attempt
to defeat such a trial the reason for holding
thirty thousand Union patriots in starving rebel
prisons and bringing them to an inevitable, lin-
gering, horrible death, would deserve the same
fate as the unfortunate soldiery that were thus
suffering, and I wish I could make this exchange;
I wish 1 could send those men who prevented our
gallant soldiers from deliverance from such a
dungeon to all the horrors and to the inevitable
fate of that dungeon.
"Mr. Ould expresses a willingness to release all chap-
lains. I have given, 1 believe, tlie substance of all that
took place. According to your instructions, X avoid much
discussion. No agreement was made."
That is what General Meredith announced.
To all these liberal propositions, if I may use the
term, and I do—they would notlbe liberal in re-
lation to a Christian and humane nation, butthey
were liberal when compared with the course of
the rebels—there was one cold, inexorable,abso-
lute denial, when if this assent had been given, one
of the greatest jubilees that was ever seen upon
earth, at least in this quarter of the globe, would
have been exhibited by thirty thousand starving,
emaciated, wasting, doomed prisoners marching
forth from their horrible dungeons and exchan-
ging them for all the comforts and blessings of
home.
I do not want any man given up, yielded, to such
a fate, and I say that it was the duty of our Govern-
ment to contend for the exchange of the negro sol-
dier, and it was the duty of our Government to con-
tend for the exchange of Colonel Streight, and it
was the duty of our Government to contend, and
to contend persistently and resolutely, for the ex-
change of every man who has rendered service in
otararmies. My position issimply that when such
an effort has been made and has failed, it is the
duty of the Government then to suspend the fate
and the question in relation to the disputed cases,
and to give exchange and freedom to all that the
rebel authorities are willing to exchange.
It was not only the duty of the Government
to have accepted the overture but to have offered
the proposition. I make (he case stionger, and
Bay that when our military authorities saw that tile
negro soldiers and the officers of negro soldiers were
in the way of the exchange and liberty of thirty
thousand other soldiers who did not come within
that category, it was the duty of our Government
to have said to the rebel authorities, " Let us hold
up and suspend the question and the fate of the
negro soldiers and their officers; let their fate no
longer interfere with, let it not defeat or defer the
liberties of those against whom no such objection
exists; but we exlioit you, we demand of you in
the cause of humanity, by the sacred rights of all
manhood, ta consent to the exchange of every pri-
vate soldier and every free negro and every single
man who does not come within the reason of your
difficulty."
1 say, sir, that itwas the duty of our Government
not only to have accepted the opportunity, but
to have made the opportunity, to have urged it,
to haveoffered the proposition,and by every force
of reason and appeal to heart, to soul, and to hu-
manity, and by every other proper force that can
operate upon human nature, to have enforced such
an offer; notonly to have availed itself of this action
of the other side, but to have offered it; and it is
for that reason that I condemned fourteen months
ago, that I condemn now, and expect to condemn
to the day of my death, a barbarous, inhuman,
cold, calculating, politician-hlce policy of our
Government, the men whom these brave martyrs
had put in power.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The question is on recommitting the
joint resolution and all pending and proposed
amendments to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs.
Mr. WILKINSON. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. WADE. I hope not.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 28, 1865.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. J. Allen Maxwell, of South Orange,
New Jersey.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. By the order of the House
yesterday this day was set apart by unanimous
consent for debate on the constitutional amend-
ment, and no other business can be transacted.
The Chair, however, does not suppose that that
order was meant to preclude the receiving of re-
ports from the Committee on Enrolled Bills, as it
is necessary for the bills to be sent to the Senate.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled bills and a joint resolu-
tion of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 94) for the relief of Isaac
R. Diller;
An act (H. R. No. 394) for the relief of Mary
Scales Accardi.
An act (H. R. No. 622) to amend an act entitled
"An actto incorporate the Metropolitan Railroad
Company, in the District of Columbia,"approved
July 1, 1864;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 99) reserving min-
eral lands from the operation of all acts passed at
the first session of ihe Thirty-Eighth Congress
granting lands or extending the time of former
grants; and
An act (S. No. 363) to amend the charter of the
Washington Gas-Light Company.
SERVICE ON COMMITTEE.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I rise to n
privileged question. Some days ago I was ap-
pointed on a committee of investigation. I have
delayed asking to be excused, because I really
hoped that 1 should be able to attend to the duty.
But I have so many things accumulating on my
hands in consequence of sickncss for two weeks
during this session, that I find it impossible to
act on that committee, at any rate to act prop-
erly. I therefore ask to be excused.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that ques-
tion must be reserved until after the morninghour
on Monday next, as it requires a vote of the
House. If the gentleman will call the attention
of the Chair to it after the morning hour on Mon-
day next, his request will be submitted to the
House.
ABOLITION OF SLAVERY.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of the motion to reconsider the vote by which the
House, at its last session, rejected the joint reso-
lution (S. No. 16) submitting to the Legislatures
of the several States a proposition to amend the
Constitution of the United States so as to pro-
hibit slavery in the several States; upon which
Mr. Brown, of Wisconsin, was entitled to the
floor.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. When I ob-
tained the floor upon the close of the debate when
this subject was last under consideration, it was
with the expectation of opening the discussion on
Tuesday next, to which day this subject had been
postponed. I desire to ask unanimous consent
that I be allowed to follow the speaker who may
close the discussion to-day,and be entitled to the
floor when the consideration of this subject shall
be resumed on Tuesday next.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Brown] asks permission to waive
his right to the floor to-day, and that he shall be
considered entitled to it on Tuesday next. Is
there any objection?
Mr. ASHLEY. How long will the gentleman
desire on Tuesday?
Mr. BROWN. Probably not more than fifteen
or twenty minutes.
Mr. ASHLEY. I have no objection to the
gentleman having twenty or twenty-five minutes
on Tuesday, instead of addressing the House to-
day.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I shall not oc-
cupy more time than that.
Mr. STILES. I would ask the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Ashley,] if he proposes to press the
question to a vote on Tuesday next.
Mr. ASHLEY. That is my present intention.
Mr. HIGBY. I had supposed that I should
immediately follow the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin [Mr. Brown] in this debate. That was one
reason why, on the day that he obtained the floor,
I moved the adjournment; in order that he might
have a full opportunity to be heard when the ques-
tion should come up again, and that I might im-
mediately follow him. But he has obtained leave,
by unanimous consent, to speak on Tuesday next,
the day when the question is to come up again.
Mr. STEVENS. When was that unanimous
consent granted? ,
Mr. HIGBY. Just a few moments ago.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 was not present when that
was done, or 1 should have objected. I would ask
if that unanimous consent could properly be given
to-day, or if anything can be done to-day but
speaking.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would have
doubted that the arrangement could properly be
made, had any gentleman objected. But it was
a mere question as to the time when the gentle-
man should speak, he being already entitled to
the floor. Still the arrangement required unan-
imous consent.
Mr. STEVENS. I had supposed that the voto
was to be taken on Tuesday next. I must ob-
ject to any speaking that will carry the subject
beyond that day.
Mr. ASHLEY. I do not think we should dis-
regard the agreement of the House that the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Brown-] shall be
allowed to occupy twenty minutes on next Tues-
day. I understand that is all the time he desires.
The SPEAKER. Although no entry will bo
made on the Journal, the Chair wilt fee! bound to
recognize the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Brown] as entitled to the floor, if he claims it on
Tuesday next, after the one who shal! have ob-
tained it at the time of the adjournment to-day shall
have concluded his remarks.
Mr. HIGBY. Mr. Speaker, amid the long
debate that has occurred upon this question, not
only at the last session but also at this session,
three classes of objections principally have been
raised upon the other side of the House. One of
them is that the Constitution of the United Slates
contains no provision by which we can make an
amendment of the character proposed in the res-
olution now before the House; another, joined
with the objection I have just named, is that it is
inexpedient at this time to make this amendment;
and the third objection is, that slavery is the true
condition of the African race.
Mr. Speaker, objections of this kind are the
only ones which at this time men could possibly
raise to the passage of this resolution. The first
of these statements savors of the aigument which
has been used for scores of years, that the States
were complete sovereignties when they organized
the General Government. The proposition is very
simple, very direct. It is a matter of fact m his-
tory that the States never were separate and in-
dependent. As dependent colonies, they united
together for the purpose of gaining their inde-
pendence and securing a separation from the
mother country. They were dependent colonies
at that time, but through their union and their
united action independence was obtained. And
having obtained their independence, the very fiist
action on their part was to establish a constitu-
tion for a General Government over all.
They established a Government under the Arti-
cles of Confederation, which, for the sake of dis-
tinction from the present Constitution, I will des-
ignate as the former Constitution. When they
had established that Government, there was no
State government that could exist for any time
except by virtue of the Confederation. When
they had continued under thatform of government
until they found that it would not accomplish its
ends and objects, they established the present Con-
