1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1247
to be the imposition of a tax of one half of one
per cent, upon the amountof sales. If there isa
sale of §100, the tax upon that would be fifty
cents.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I want to know
what the Senator means by saying it is a tax of
one forty-eighth of one per cent.
Mr. SHERMAN. I say that the monthly tax
will only be one forty-eighth of the aggregate
yearly sales; that is one fourth of one per cent,
per month is equivalent to one forty-eighth of one
per cent, on the aggregate sales in the year.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 16, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Collamer, Cowan, Davis, Grimes, Har-
lan, Hendricks, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Morgan, Pow-
ell, Riddle, Sumner, Ten Eyek. Van Winkle, YViUev.
and Wright—16.
NAYb—Messrs.Anthony, Brown, Buckalew, Chandler,
Claik, Conness, Dixon, Doolittle, Farwell, Foster, Harris,
Henderson, Howard, Howe, LaneofKansas,Morrill, Nye,
Pwrieroy, Ramsey, Sherman, Stewait, Trumbull, Wade,
Wilkinson, and Wilson—25.
ABSENT—Messis. Cathie, Foot, Hale, Hardin?, Mc-
Dougall,Nesnnth, Riehaidson, Saulsbury, and Sprague—9.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected. *
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on agreeing to the section as reported from the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. JOHNSON. Before the vote is taken on
that section 1 wish to say a single word. I am
opposed to the tax on sales altogether. 1 think
it is unjust in every way and pernicious; tffat it
will give more trouble to citizens than any other
form of taxation you can adopt; and, in my judg-
ment, will be exceedingly obnoxious. It will be
obnoxious not only to the man who is engaged
in buying and selling, but obnoxious to the pro-
ducer and manufacturer.
You first provide by this bill that nobody shall
be engaged in buying and selling except he takes
a license, and now you provide that whoever takes
a license and engages under the license in buying
and selling is to pay a tax of one half of one per
cent, on everything he sells. In the first place,
what is the effect of that upon the producer, be-
cause this is applicable to articles produced here,
to our cereals, tobacco, and everything that grows
in the country that gets in the hands of the com-
mission merchant? He cannot carry on his busi-
ness as a commission merchant without taking
o'ut a license, and when he sells it he is to pay the
one half of one per cent. What is the effect on
the producer? He will say to the producer, u You
ask me to buy $10,000 worth of tobacco or corn;
I am willing to give you $10,000 for it, provided
I can sell it without being subject to a tax; but
when I do sell it I am required to pay one half of
one per cent, upon the amount of the sale; and I
will just deduct that in advance out of the sum
that 1 pay you; in other words, I will pay you
$10,000 less one half of one per cent." And so
m relation to the manufacturer. The manufac-
turer is chargcd now with almost every form of
taxation, as is the producer. You tax us all on
our incomes, and you tax the men who are en-
gaged in these sales on their income; but when
the manufacturer goes to his commission mer-
chant and wants to sell the product of his factory,
he gets the same answer from his commission
merchant that I suppose would be given, and must
be given, by the commission merchant who deals
in selling the productions of the country. He will
tell him, " I will give you §10,000 for your man-
ufacture willingly, because it is worth that, and I
could sell it at a profit that would be amply suffi-v
cient to compensate me for the trouble of sale; but
here I am liable to a tax of one half of one per
cent, upon it; and I will give you the $10,000 less
that otffe half of one per cent."
But over and above that, even supposing the
tax was all right in itself, the idea of having an
officer of the Governmentgomg every month into
every house which may be engaged in buying
and selling, I think will be exceedingly odious;
and although the tax falls, in the first instance,
upon the producer er the manufacturer, it event-
ually falls upon the consumer.
Mr. COWAN. I agree to every word that has
fallen from the lips of the Senator from Maryland.
1 think, if there is anything in the world we can
learn from the experience of the past^it is that
this tax would be not only odious and mischiev-
ous, but actually ruinous to ourselves. I am
willing to do anything to raise revenue for the
support of the Government in any way that will
not insure to ourselves our own destruction and
the destruction of our commerce. Sir, what is
commerce? It is the transfer from hand to hand
of all commodities freely in the community.
What do you propose to do here? To catch it
precisely at the instant of that transfer, and in-
cumber it, and therefore prevent it; and not to do
that fanly,but the further it goes the greater the
burden it has to bear.
Mr. President, I do not know but that for the
purpose of raising money now at this conjuncture,
1 would agree to almost anything, but 1 am un-
willing to render myself ridiculous and absurd to
no purpose. I am unwilling that we in this, the
nineteenth century, in this age of light and knowl-
edge, in this age when we have the experience
of the past to guide us, should clothe ourselves in
the cast-away garments of bygone generations
and attempt to do that which the experience of
all nations heretofore has taught us is a fallacy
and a delusion.
I have no doubt that for every dollar we should
get by this means of taxation we should lose a
dozen. I cannot conceive of any scheme which
would be better calculated to destroy the com-
merce of the country than this. Why not? I
have said that the further the commodity navels
from the producer to the consumer the greater
the burden that it bears. Why should that be?
Why should the man who procures a com-
modity after a dozen transfers be taxed twelve
times as much as the man who procures it from
the producer immediately ? How is commerce to
endure these burdens? How is it to regulate
itself under these inflictions? Why, sir, it is to
produce stagnation and death; it is to tie the ar-
teries of commerce; it is to tie its nerves; it is to
destroy its motive power and check its vitality;
and what then? Repentance will come too lute.
1 hope that this scheme at least, of all the wild,
mad schemes that are suggested in this, the hour
of our pecuniary trouble, will not be adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The consideration
of the bill will be suspended temporarily to enable
the Chair to receive a message from the House
of Representatives.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had agreed to the resolution of the
Senate to authorize the continuance of the joint
commitfee on the conduct of the war for thirty
days^fter the termination of the present session
of Congress, with an amendment in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had agreed to the reportof the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 683)
making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending 30th June, 1866; and
that it had disagreed to the amendments of the
Senate to the bill of the House (H. R. No. GOO)
for the better organization of the subsistence de-
partment.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message furtherannouncedthattheSpeaker
of the HouseofRepresentatives had signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bill and joint resolution, which
thereupon received the signature of the Yice Pres-
ident:
A bill (H. R. No. 800) to establish the office of
Solicitor and Naval Judge Advocate; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 176) authorizing
the Secretary of the Navy to advance to Paul S.
Forbes $250,000 additional out of the sum to be
paid him under his contract for building a steam
screw sloop-of-war.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. COWAN. The message which has just
been received from the House informs us that
they have concurred m the report of the commit-
tee of conferenceon the Army appropriation bill.
I desire now to submit that report, and I ask that
it be concurred in.
Mr. HOWE. I should like to know what that
report is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
The eosmnittce of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the amendments to the i>IiJ (H. R.
No. 683) making appropriations for thesupportof the Army
for the year ending 30th June, 11366, having met, after full
and 11 oe conference have agreed to recommend,and do rec-
ommend, to their reppective Houses as follows :
That the Senate reeedc from their fourth amendment.
That the House ot Representatives recede from their dis-
agreement to the second and third amendments of the Sea-
gate.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to the
amendment of the House to the sixth amendment of the
Senate and ai;ree to the same.
That the House recede from- their disagreement to the
fast amendment of the Senate and agree to the same with
amendments, as follows: in line three of said amendment
strike out the words " any i mi road" and insert in lieu
thereot the words "the Illinois Central raihoad j" and strike
out all of said amendment after the word k< States" in line
five; and that the Senate agree to the&ame as so modified.
EDGAR COWAN,
HENRY WILSON,
Managers on the -part of the Senate*
THADDEUS STEVENS,
E. II. WASIUUJRNE,
Managers oil the part of the House,
Mr. POWELL. The Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Trumbull] desires to be heard on this report, and
I suggest that it be laid over until he comes in.
Ho is"now out of the Chamber.
Mr. COWAN. I am aware that the Senator
from Illinois desires to be heard, and 1 am per-
fectly wjI ling that he shall be. I desired to make
the reportat the same time that the bill came from
the House.
Mr. POWELL. I have sent for the Senator
from Illinois, and I presume he will be here in a
moment.
The VICEPRESIDENT. The report will be * ,
passed over informally. \ /
INTERNAL REVENUE. V
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
744) to amend an act entitled " An act to provide
internal revenue to support the Government, to
pay interest on the public debt, and for other pur-
poses," approved June 30, 1864, the pending
question being on the amendment of the Commit-
tee on Finance proposing a tax on sales.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. This tax has been
spoken of as a light tax; but when it reaches my
constituents it will have been imposed two or
three times; and every time it is imposed the
formertax will be added to the capital upon which
it is to be levied and the profit on the goods made
by the middleman and the jobber. I do not un-
derstand, or I may have misunderstood, the re-
mark made by the chairman of the Committee on
Finance just now, that if we reduced this tax to
one fourth of one per cent, it would be only one
forty-eighth of the amount of the annual sales. I
think if you put a tax of one half of one per cent.
this month, and a half per cent, next month, and
a half per cent, the next month, and continue on
to the end of the year, he will have to pay the
half per cent, on the whole amount sold during
the year.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend musthave mis-
understood me. I said the tax was a monthly
tax of one forty-eighth of the aggregate sales for
the year.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. What application had
that ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Showing that it was a very
small tax.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I think the argument
was used by the chairman of the committee to
convince the Senator from Iowa that it was an
exceedingly light tax and only amounted to one
forty-eighth upon the sales of the year. Other-
wise 1 do not see that it hnd any application.
My great objection to this section and to this
mode of taxation is that it taxes every resale. It
may be remembered by many Senators that when
this question of levying internal duties was first
agitated, or about that time, tht* Chamber of Com-
merce of the city of New York and the Board of
Trade of the city of Boston proposed that the
whole tax, 1 believe, should be levied by a tax
upon sales. They stated that in that way the
tax would be paid primarily by those who were
able to advance it, and they resembled it to our
former mode of collecting taxes on duties by an
impost upon goods imported, so that the con-
sumer had it in his power to pay it or not by
taking or rejecting the goods, and that in many
instances hu seaicely felt it. When I read that
proposition 1 attached a meaning to it, and 1 do
not know whether it was right or wrong; but it
/
