THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY P. & J. HIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Trnm y-Eighth Congress, 2d Session.
thereof, cannot be controlled 01 defeated bv anyothei law.
The acts of the United States, thoieioie, will he absolutely
obligatory as to all proper objects and powers of the Gen-
eral Government. The States, as well as individuals, are
bound hy these laws; but the laws of Congress are ro-
strieted to aceitam sphere, and when they depart from this
sphem they arc no longer supieme or binding. Tn the same
manner the States have ceitain independent poweis in
■which their laws aie bupieme. For example, m fc]ie mak-
ing and executing laws concerning the punUliment of cer-
tain ciune?, such a^ murder, theft, &e., the States cannot
be controlled. With respect to ceitam othei object-15, the
poweis ot the two Governments are conouuent and yet
supreme,
I understood my colleague [Mr. Garfield] to
say, in his-speech on this subject, that the sov-
ereignty of the American people came down in
regular succession from the British Crown, and
lie gave its "genealogy" thus:
" First the Oown and Paihamentof Great Britain; sec-
ond tin.- revolutiomuy Congio-~s> ; thud the Atlieic-. of Con-
federation ; and. fouitli and now, the Constitution of the
"United States."
I have been taught a different doctrine. I have
ibeen taught that sovereignty in the temporal or-
der is derived through and ascends from the
people.
Mr. GARFIELD. Will my friend allow me
iiO interrupt him?
Mr. FINCK. Certainly, with great pleasure.
Mr. GARFIELD. I think I understood my
friend to charge me with having traced sover-
eignty down trom the Crown to the people. I
said that the people withdrew their sovereignty
■from the Crown to themselves, and then lodged
it in the revolutionary Congress, I maintained
all the while, in my argument, that the people
were the source of power.
M-. FINCK. I am very glad to know that
my friend and colleague has explained this mat-
ter, I understood from his speech that he as-
sumed a different position, I am glad that he
concurs with me in the principle that sovereignty
inheres in the people.
Our fathers believed the division of powers
which they provided between the States and the
Federal Government to be essential to our free sys-
tem of government. 1 concur in that opinion, and
am therefore unwilling to invest the Fedeial Gov-
ernment with an additional power, to'-liable it to
control the internal and domestic concern*-? of the
Status i am opposed, sn*, to the centralization
of power in the hands ot the Federal Govei nnient.
This is oi.e of the dangers which now Ufi uatens to
■disturb, if not overthrow, our system of govern-
ment. I vould not make this invasion either to
establish or abolish slavery. These are questions
peculiatlv nad exclusively belonging to the States,
and we may rest assured that (hey will dispose of
them to suit themselves. Maryland has already
done so; Micsouri has done the same thing, and
.Kentucky is about to organize a plan for the ac-
complishment of the same object. Cut, sir, as a
citizen of Ohio, arid a Representative from that
State on tins £oor, I have no desire to interfere
with the action of the people of Kentucky m dis-
posing of the question of slavery to suit them-
selves. All candid men must admit that State
action will b>e the most satisfactory plan of settling
the question, and cannot disturb the amicable re-
lations which should exist between the several
States, while the effect of adding the proposed
amendment to the Constitution, will fend to dis-
turb the harmony of the States, and embitter and
•further prolong this unfotfunate war.
Is it possible that this amendment can aid in
•subduing the rebellion and restoring the Union ?
1 cannot agree with gentlemen who have argued
that it wilh Gentlemen, instead of adhering to
the original declarations made at the commence-
ment of this war, hax e entirely changed their pur-
poses* and row propose plans of reconstruction
and read mission of Stc.tes, on such terms and con-
ditions as can only result in protracting the strug-
gle. Sir, I am glad to know that one of the ablest
generals of the age, one who has so recently
add^d new luster to our arms in his victorious and
triumphant march through Geoigia, and m the
capture of Savannah, has enunciated to the people
of that State some views which seem to me emi-
TUESDAY, JANUARY 31, 1S65.
New Serirs No. 31.
nently proper and patriotic. In a letter written
by General Sherman on the 8th instant, he says:
(( Georgia ip not out of the Union, and therefore the talk
of reeoiistiuction appears to me niappropuate. Some of
the people'have been and still are m astute of revolution,
and a;-* long as they remain aimed and oiganized, the Uni-
ted States mint pursue them with ainnes and deal with
them according to military law. But as soon as they break
up their armed organizations and return to their hornet-, f
take it they will be dealt wiih by the civil courts. Home
of the rebels in CeoigM, in my judgment, deceive death,
because they have committed murder and other crimes
which aie punched with death by all civiluod (Jovetn-
ments on eaitlj." * * * * '* Whenever the
people ot Ueoigia quit rebelling against their tio\ eminent
and eieet member* of Congress and Senators, and the^ogo
and take then* seat?, thenthe Suite ot G'eoigiawill Intve re-
sumed her functions m the Union.55
Sir, if this Administration had borne high in
the face of heaven and the American people
the broad banner of the Constitution, inscribed
upon it, " The Constitution and the Union, these
must be preserved at all hazards; these are our
terms of peace; we ask no other;" this war, in
my humble judgment, would have long since ter-
minated. "Hut other pi mciplcs and another policy
have prevailed, and still pieviul, which add new
obstacles to the suppression of the rebellion, and
tend to prolong the war. We started out on the
theory of compelling those who had combined to
break up the Union to obey the constitutional
authority of the United Suites. We had the
right to do that, and our strength was in adher-
ing to that singh; purpose, to require obedience
to the Constitution by the people of every section
of the country.
In this hour, when our arms have been victo-
rious in Georgia, in Tennessee, and in North
Carolina; when the victory of General Sher-
man is followed up by him by such prudent con-
duct as to arouse and strengthen the Union sen-
timent of the people of Georgia, it becomes us
to adopt a wise and patriotic policy, and endeavor
by honorable conciliation to aid our armies in
convincing the people of the insurgent States
tjiat only under the old Constitution, which was
the woik of their fathers as well as ours, can
they be secure, and that such security cannot bo
had under Jefferson Davis. It seems to me that
in this penod of our history, at tins very time,
we neod the highest order of «tuiesnuvn.>hip—a
statesmanship that shall not be controlled by the
mad passions of the hour, but one which shall
employ evjry powei coinsistent with the true honor
and interests of the country, to stay the fuither
eiiusion of blood, and resLoie peace to our beloved
land.
Mr. Speaker, in my judgment the policy of this
Administration has failed very much in coming
up to the true rpquirementsof thetime3. Itseems
unfortunate for the interests of the country that
the Republican party is so organized—and I do
not wish to say this in any partisan or unkmd
feeling—that it is not adapted to the administra-
tion ot a great Government like ours. Iin;tead of
endeavoring to confoini and harmonize itself and
its doctnnes to the Constitution of the country,
it sc-uis only capable of working out its destiny
by making the Constitution conform to its sec-
tional and unwise policy. It has shown itself
utterly incapable of administering a Governnn nt
like this, composed of Suites with different local
institutions, and therefore, in order to perpetuate
its own existence, it has determined to obtain the
power to regulate the domestic concerns of the
States, and to mold them to suit itp :.wn pvu poses.
I beseech gentlemen not to be controlled hy mere
sentiment, but looking back over the history of
the great and good men who framed our Govern-
ment, and remembering the happy adjustment of
powers which they provided, to unite with us m
preserving this Constitution as it came to us from
the hands of the fathers.
I do not think it would be inappropriate here
to refer to the opinions of a statesman who has
been honored by the American people; who was
formerly a member of this House, and^ then of
the Senate; who held distinguished positions m
this country and abroad in Europe. I refer to
Edward Everett, whose death the country has
been called on so recently to deplore. Speaking ^
on the subject of amending the Constitution, he
has uttered words which seem, to me words of
wisdom. I trust that both sides of the House
will give attention while I read a few extracts from
his speech made in the House of Representatives
in March, 18S26. He says:
{< In my judgment the very worst possible remedy for Any
evil not positively mtoleiable in this country is an amend-
ment to the Constitution, 't is an acknowledged maxim
of political prudence that frequent changes of the laws,
even m matteis of ordinary legislation, are pernicious. It
is the opinion of evevy ^ouud rtatoeman that it is (ar better
lo hear with any evil that is not absolutely intolerable than
to lendei the gieat interests ol the country insecure by in-
decisive and fluctuating legislation."
Further on, in speaking of the Constitution,he
says:
" Sir, I do not think it perfect; but it is good enough for
inc. 1 have lived under other political institutions; neaily a
thud of my life since I came to years of discretion has been
pa^edumlerothei fotuisof government, and I haveleamed
enough ot the Mate of foieign societies, and enough of the
political condition of the great majority of this race of man,
to be well contented with what Providence has given us
in ihe Constitution of the United States. I am contented
to live by it, < onteuted when I die to leave my children in
in safe'iuaid. and J would sooner lay down this right ham!
to be cut oil'than I would hold it up to vote tor any essen-
tial change in this form ot guv eminent."
It has been said during this debate that slavery
will perish as one of the results of this war, and
that it would do so without congressional action,
i do not propose to controvert this proposition;
but, sir, to hasten its destruction I am unwilling to
aggregate new powers m tl?c hand of the Federal
Government.
There is one thing which should not be for-
gotten, and which is beyond controversy. It is
that the framers of the Constitution would not
confer on Congiess, the power to regulate the in-
ternal and domestic policy of the States.
Another significant fact should also be remcm- ^
bored—that all the amendments which have been '
made to the Constitution arc amendments which
fuither limit the powers of tho Federal Govern-
ment, or more clearly define them. No amend-
ment has, in the whole history of the Constitu-
tion, been made which increased the powers of
the Federal Government, m derogation of the
rights of the States; am! I trust we shall not be
the first to depart fiom tins wise policy.
.Mr. speaker, let the questions of amendment
be postponed until tin* rebellion is suppressed and
the Union restoied; and then, when peace shall
once more bless the American people, if it shall
be found necessary to make amendments, it will
ho time to propose and consider them; but, for
the present, let your propositions of amendment
and schemes of reconstruction be delayed.
I therefore, Mr. Speaker, oppose this resolu-
tion, because it will not tend to suppress the re-
bellion and restoie the Union, but will protract
the war. 1 oppose it because it is m conflict with
tht: settled policy of our system of government,
and the unmteirupfed and uniform sanction of
tho American people, which has recognized the
light of each State to regulate its own internal
and domestic policy; and because I am unwilling
to disturb the wise division of powers which our
fathers adjusted between the States and the Fed-
eral Government.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Ido notpro-
pose, Mr. .Speaker, to make any speech upon the
subject before the House. 1 have no occasion to
define my position on that question or questions
kindred to it. Hut in connection with the remarks
which have just fallen from the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. F'inck] m opposition to the passage of
this constitutional amendment, I desire to say that
he differs radically from distinguished gentlemen
of my State of his own party. The Legislature
of Illinois is now m session,and resolutions iiavo
just been before it instructing our Senators and
lequestmg our members of Congress to vote for
the passage of this constitutional amendment, in
the Semite there was a very abie and elaborate
discussion upon the subject, and out of eleven
of the Democratic members of that body only
five voted against the resolutions of instrucuoa.
31
