1248
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1.
is very easy to see that if I had the right view of
it, a tax upon sales might be a beneficial tax in
the end by saving us from these numereus ex-
cises and prevent the tax-gatherer from entering
into our houses to watch us and pry upon us,
and many other inconveniences that always do
attach to such taxes. «
But, sir, I understood the proposition made by
the Chamber of Commerce of New York and the
Board of Trade of Boston (two most respectable
bodies, and certainly composed of gentlemen
whom we may suppose to be as well acquainted
with these subjects as anybody else) to be, that
this tax on sales should only be laid upon goods
when they were sold from firsthand*, so that the
tax would not be repeated every time the goods
changed hands; and i think I can see that the
benefits which it was alleged would flow from it
might be realized in that way. "We should cer-
tainly be enabled to collect the taxes easier, and
so far as I perceive, it would operate in that gentle
way in which the old collection of our duties upon
imports did.
it must be observed that the taxes, to which
allusion has been made, which were laid on sales
in Naples and Spain were'respectively of eleven
percent, and fourteen per cent., and that those
taxes were laid upon every resale of the goods,
and it is probable in the condition of things that
existed in those countries many years ago that
goods changed hands more frequently than they
now do. It is conceded that the effect of the tax
then was to bieuk up all their business, to break
down their manufactures, and to throw the na-
tions that persisted in it a great ways back in the
march of civilization.
Another objection that I have to this section is,
that this tax on sales will reach every article man-
ufactured in this country, and, so far as I per-
ceive, will also reach every article imported.
This bill proposes to tax every description of
manufacture twenty per cent, additional. The
article that before paid five cents ia required to pay
six cents under this bill, and now it is proposed
to add another tax of one half of one per cent,
on the sale of alt these articles. Are gentlemen
so clear that many of these articles can bear this
additional tax? Are they so clear that they are
going to put more money in the Treasury by in-
creasing taxes so rapidly ? The chairman of the
committee stated that this was in its nature an
obnoxious tax; and I agree that if it is to be im-
posed upon every resale it is certainly an obnox-
ious tax; but notwithstanding that lie considers
it an obnoxious tax he says he is willing to try
the experiment. I* am not. A tax may not be
the best tax that can be proposed, and yet we
may find it proper to lay it; but if there are such
objections to it us would entitle it to be called ob-
noxious, t think we had better let it alone. The
true principle of taxation would be to levy our
taxes alone on property; but it has always been
held that in a state of war, such as we are now
in, other descriptions of taxes may be resorted
to; and the income tax is one of them. It is con-
sidered, or has been considered heretofore, a war
tax; and when the Riitish Chancellor of the Ex-
chequer proposed the present income tax of Great
Biitain it was at the breaking outof the Crimean
war, and it was laid under ins express promise
that when the war was over the tax would be
taken off.
it this tax is to operate, as I suppose it will,
as a tax upon every resale I think it will be ut-
terly a very obnoxious tax; and nine tenths, if
not ninety-nine hundredths, of my constituents,
if they do not have to pay fourtimes, will at least
have to pay it three times over.
Mr. CONFESS. All taxes are obnoxious and
odious, and taxation is obnoxious and odious in
proportion ro its extent.
Mr. WILKINSON. Including the whisky
tax.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not even except the
whisky tax. There are no classof men who cry
outgo loudly as the men whodeal in whisky when
we undertake to tax them.
Now, Mr. President, there has been a great
aeai said of the extent of our taxes; the bui den
that they are upon the people; and yet itis a fact
that there has been no period in the history of this
country when the people generally were so well
off as they are now; when so much wealth has
b&en made and accumulated in the face of all this
taxation. The time may come when we shall be
called upon to take off some of these burdens; to
lighten th« taxes; but in my opinion this is the
time for imposing them, if ever such a time is to
occur.
Of all taxes I think this is the most equitable.
It will work in this way: here, we will say, is a
poor man whose entire earnings through the year
do not exceed from three hundred to live or six
hundred dollars. He cannot purchase more than
three or five or six hundred dollars' worth of
goods, and his tax is very small; he scarcely feels
it. But here is a citizen of wealth and affluence,
who lives luxuriously and spends $25,000 a year.
He pays a tax proportionably, and can afford to
pay it. Here is your corner grocery at which
the poor deal, and if the entire yearly business or
sales of the man reach ten or twenty thousand
dollars he is doing a good business; itis a« much
as he expects to do; and yet a tax of one half of
one per cent, on that is not a great amount of
money for him to pay. But here again is Stew-
art, of New York, who sells over forty millions
a year, and within whose door poor persons never
enter to deal, for they have no business there.
Those who enter there pay a tax; they pay a
tithe; and who are more able to pay a tithe than
they?
The country, you say, wants money. Of course
it does, is there any way in which it can be
more equitably collected than by a tax of this
kind? Gentlemen say you impose it over and
over again by every sale. That is the nature of
nearly all taxation where commodities are chang-
ing hands constantly. I appiehend that the coun-
try can bear this tax. In my opinion, there is
no kind of tax that can be imposed so equitably
as this. Let us try to fill the Treasury. Let
that be done if possible; and then we shall have
an approximation to an equal value between the
paper money of our country and gold, the stand-
ard value; and then the prices of all commodmes
will decrease; the cost at which the Government
can conduct its affairs will decrease, and we can
lighten the burdens of taxation; but i cannot
undeistand, in view of the general piosperity of
the country, why there is tesistuncc to a lax of
this kind that must necessarily fall most severely
upon those who can best afford it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment of the committee.
Mr, JOHNSON. ] ask for the yeasand nays
upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FARW ELL. I propose to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment, and 1 do not propose to
say anything in advocacy of it. I have consid-
erable doubt about the propriety of this fax, but
the amendment that I propose would make u en-
tirely satisfactory to me, and perimpn the chair-
man of the committee will accepr it. After the
word " applicable"in the fifteenth line, 1 move to
insert:
Provided, That all sums received under this section shall
be used for reining from cncul-mou the national currency.
Mr. SHERMAN. That, will be inconsistent
with the section we adopted yi-sierday, which
requires all this money to go into the national
Treasury, to be disbursed on warrant,and would
create confusion iij the system. I hope it will
not be adopted.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the amendment of the committee, resulted—yeas
20, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Clark, Connes«i, Doolfttle,
Farwel), Foster, Harris?, Hownid, Howe, Lane of Kansas,
Moipitn, Morrill, N-yo, Foincroy, Ramsey, Sherman, Stew-
art, Trumbull, Wilkinson, and Wihon—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Buekalew, Collamer, Cowan,
Davis, Gtime>, Italian, Henderson, Hendncks, Johnson,
Lane of" Indiana, Powell, Riddle, fcjprague, Sumner, Ten
Eyek, Van Winkle, Wade, Willey, and Wright—20.
ABSENT—Anthony, Cai hie, Djxon, Font, Hale,
Harding, McDougall, Ncs nuth, Richaidson. and Sauls-
bury—10.
The VICE PRESIDENT. On this question
the yeas are 20 arid the nays are 20, and the
Chair decides affirmatively.
Mr. SHERMAN. The twelfth section of the
lull should be stricken out. At least the commit-
tee reported that it should be stricken out; but it
is not so printed; it is not included in brackets.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The twelfth sec-
tion will be stricken out if there be no objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on Finance
beg leave to withdraw the next two amendments.
Mr. JOHNSON. Why?
Mr. SHERMAN. One of them is to provide
for a new Auditor. We are satisfied that a new
Auditor is not called for at present. If any Sen-
ator desires it, the two sections can be read; but
J do not think it necessary. They are not very
material. We ask leave to withdraw them, or
they might be voted down. Perhaps it would be
just as well to lake the vote and negative them.
That would probably inalte the record better.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Those two sections
will be considered as withdrawn, and the next sec-
tion reported by the committee will be read.
TheSecretary read thenext amendment, which
was to insert the following as a new section:
Sec.—. Jlnd-be it further enacted. That the Secretary
of the Trea«utyip hereby authouzed to appoint a commis-
sion, consisting of three j>en*orts, to inquire and repoit, at
the earlieot practicable moment, upon the subject of rais-
ing, toy taxation, such revenue as may be necessnry in or-
der to supply the wants of the Government, having ie ard
to, and including, the sourees from which such u-veime
should be diawn, and the bos-t and mo>t efficient mode of
raising the same; and that such commission have power
to inquire intothe manner and efficiency of the present and
past methods of collecting the internal levenue, and to take
testimony in such manner and under such regulations a9
may be piescribt-d by the Secretary of the Treasury, And
such commK-sioneis shall receive for their services $300 a
month fur the time necesbarily employed, and their neces-
sary traveling expenses.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think the attention of
the Senate ought to be called to this section. It is a
provision to appoint three commissioners to make
a report to Congress about what taxes ought to
be levied, to instruct Congiess about what taxes
ought to be levied, three commissioners at §300
per month each, $900 a month, and the machinery
connected with such a commission. It is the same
as saying that the officer in charge of the collec-
tion of tiie internal revenue is not fit for his place.
We obtain information through the heads of De-
partments. That is the constitutional mode of
getting information before Congress. If the Com-
missioner having charge of this business is not
competent, after having had practical connection
with the business during the course of a whole
year, to inform us on this subject, the opinion of
men who make up speculative opinions simply
upon their reasoning, without having practical
knowledge of the operation of the lawbyadmin-
istering it, will not be very valuable.
Mr. SHERMAN. Tins is the same question
we had up here the other day, and it is regarded
by the present Secretary as of the highest import-
ance. 1 know, from my own expei ience in con-
nection with this tax bill, that although there is
a great deal of wisdom m Congress, yet for the
want of information that could be derived from
such a commission as tins we are not the wisest
legislators upon all thedetailsand practical work-
ings of the tax bill. Such commissioners are pro-
vided m England and France, in England there
is a board of permanent commissioners. The
expense is comparatively trifling. These com-
missioners will no doubt institute examinations
m New York, and other places, of the highest im-
portance. It is impossible for the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue to devote his time to this
class of business. His time is constantly em-
ployed in deciding legal questions, and other ques-
tions arising in the couise of business in his bu-
reau, construing the law, and it is impossible for
him to consider fuily the particular rules of trade,
the mode and manner of levying taxes, the mode
and manner ofavoiding deceptions and frauds and
evasions of the tax.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Is not the board in Eng-
land composed of a number of officers connected
with the administration of the law ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I am not sure how it ia
composed; but in my deliberate judgment such a
board of commissioners as this, oiganized one
year ago, would have saved us more than a mil-
liori dollars. I am not saying anything against
the Commissioner. He has enough to do to ad-
minister the law. I hope, therefore, that this
amendment, which I look upon as more valuable
than any tax in the bill, will be adopted. It will
cost but little. The President ought to select three
of the best men in the United States, the most
practical and successful business men in the Uni-
ted State* to perform this duty, and I have no
doubt he will do bo,
Mr. COIXAMER. I do not think it necessary
