THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY E. & J. RIVES, WASHINGTON, 3). C.
New Series No. 79.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, MARCH 2, 1865.
for me to add anything as regards the merit of this
proposition. 1 have no doubtof its value; but I
wish to have itamendedbysayingthattheyshall
report the facts and report a bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. They are obliged to make
areport, but can they report a bill in the technical
sense ?
Mr. COLLAMER. The report can be made
in the form of a bill and communicated to us. I
move to add the words " and report the facts and
a bill in pursuance thereof."
The VICE PRESIDENT. Where will the
Senator have his amendment inserted ?
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 do not see where it can
come in.
Mr. COLLAMER. If there is no other place, I
will put it at the end of the section: " and that they
teport the facts and a bill in pursuance thereof.
Mr. FOSTER. I suggest that the amendment
be made after the word " report," in the third line,
so as to make it read, " to inquire and report the
facts and a bill."
Mr. COLLAMER. That will do.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be put in
after the word " report," in the third line.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I shall vote cheerfully
for this committee of three. Twenty minutes ago
I should have voted against it; but after the vote
of the Senate to tax all sales, I am satisfied some
commission of sensible men is necessary on this
subject. [Laughter.]
Mr. COWAN. It must be obvious to every
reflecting man who for one minute will consider
the mode in which we get up a revenue bill here,
that nothing better than we produce could be ex-
pected. In every other civilized country that I
know of, there is a minister whose business it is
to frame, fabricate, and put before the legislative
assembly, these bills. He is a man supposed to
be specifically and particularly acquainted with
. the subject upon which he acts. That bill is
carefully framed and elaborated; itisawhole; it
is one entirety; all its parts accord; and it operates
as a system; and he demands that that be passed;
and if it is not passed hegoes outof office. That
should be the way here. -It should be the busi-
ness of the Secretary of the Treasury, or some-
body under him, to send down his revenue bills
liere carefully framed and made up; and if the
Congress of the United States refuses to pass
those bills he should withdrawand retire at once
from office, because we cannot expect him to carry
on the finances of the Government without giving
him that which he desires. But how is it done
now? Here are two or three hundred men in this
and in the other House, none of whom know
much about this subject, and yet all of them know
as much as men ordinarily, and it is left to them
to concoct a bill; and what have we ? Why, such
an incongruous monster as this revenue bill, par-
ticularly when you attach to it such amendments
as we now make, perhaps the world has hardly
ever seen. It is exactly what the poet called the
"disjecta membra;" that is, the beast with his
legs, and arms, and limbs of every kind; lying
about in confusion. AH that could be avoided,
and can be avoided, by this commission; and I
have no doubt that instead of saving $1,000,000,
we shall gain jj50,000,000 by it, if we are willing
to accept it in its true spirit and act upon it.
Mr. JOHNSON, lias it been amended in the
way suggested by the Senator from Vermont?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has not. The
Senator from Ohio suggests that the amendment
come in at line eight.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is the effect the same?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. COWAN. I thought it was to come in
after the word " report"—" to report the facts
and by bill."
Mr. SHERMAN. Then the following words
do not jingle.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Vermont to
the amendment of the committee.
The amendmenttotheamendmentwas agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, waa adopted.
79
The next amendment was to add the following
as a new section:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That from and after
the 1st day of April next, and during the piesent war,
and far one year thereafter, all acts and parts of acts grant-
ing allowances or bounties on the tonnage of vessels en-
gaged in the bank or other cod fisheiies be, and the same
are hereby, and during the time aforesaid shall have no
force or effect.
Mr. POWELL. I move to amend that section
by striking out in the second and third lines the
words " and during the present war and for one
year thereafter," and also to strike out in the sixth
and seventh lines the words "and during the
time aforesaid shall have no force or effect," and
to insert the word " repealed;" so that the section
will read;
That from and after the 1st day of April next, all acts
and parts of acts granting allowances or bounties on the
tonnage of vessels engaged m the bank or other cod fish-
eries be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
Mr. MORRILL. I demand the yeas and nays
on that.
Mr. PARWELL. I hope my colleague will
not object to the amendment to the amendment.
Perhaps the amendment to the amendment may
as well be adopted.
Mr. MORRILL. I withdraw the call for the
yeas and nays for the present.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the committee.
Mr. FARWELL. I desire to say a word on
this subject. I know it is a very unreasonable
hour, and I certairfly shall occupy but very little
of the time of the Senate,upon this question. I
am willing to make this proposition to the Sen-
ate and to the country: that if the chairman of
the Committee on Finance will provide a draw-
back of the amount of duties paid by these fisher-
men for the salt to cure their fish, the bounties
shall be repealed. I dislike the word bounty. It
used to be a pretty good word, but it has been
brought to terribly mean uses lately. [Laughter.]
I do not wish to have it understood that Massa-
chusetts and Maine have a bounty from anybody.
Massachusetts has sand at one end and rocks at
the other, and the center is a mixture of the two;
but still her people have managed to accumulate
a great deal of property without much bounty
from anybody. Why, sir, the sands of Cape
Cod are to-day producing a crop more valuable
than the best lands in Iowa or Illinois, thiough
the industry, ingenuity, and persevering spirit of
the educated yeomanry of Massachusetts. They
have discovered that the cranberry would grow
on those sands, and they are raising a crop more
valuable to them and to the country than is pro-
duced upon the most fertile soil. They do not'need
any bounties, and my State does not need any.
But, sir, you have adopted the policy every-
where that you will not tax an interest that you
cannot protect. Here you have a reciprocity
treaty with Great Britain. You tax none of the
products of her fisheries. Not one cent of tax
can you lay upon the product of the fisheries of
Great Britain; and the British provinces have the
fishing grounds right at their door. They get
their salt at the lowest possible cost without any
duty upon it; but upon the salt which our fishermen
use to-day they pay much more in cluties to the
Government than this bounty amounts to. Will
you destroy this interest which is bringing into
the country three or four million dollars'woith
of food, and most acceptable food, too, to many
of us? Mr President,! am sure you would not
like to be deprived of your fish. You would go
down and catch them yourself, if you could not
get them in any other way. I should, certainly. I
say again, will you destroy this interest which is
taking up out of the deep four or five million dol-
lars' worth a year and annihilate it, as you must
do, so far as it is an American interest, if you
adopt this section without amending your revenue
laws by either giving them protection or striking
off the duties upon the foreign articles they con-
sume?
There are a great many men engaged in this
pursuit. If there is any poor class of men in New
England it is the fishermen of New England; men
who endure everything; men who are engaged'
this very winter, with the thermometer at zero,
along George's bank in more hazard of their
lives than they would be in front of the enemy
at Petersburg. The loss of life is larger in these
fisheries every winter, compared with the number
engaged in it, than it is in the Army of the United
States; and they get barely a support for their
families. Why do they do it? Because, sir, it
is an occupation that every man loves. You rec-
ollect the story of Franklin, who went out one
day and found a man fishing, and asked him what
kind of luck he had. He said " Pretty good."
" How many have you got?" " I have not got
any yet." " But I suppose you have had several
good bites." "No, he replied; "I have not
had any bites, but I had a glorious nibble alittle
while ago," [laughter;] ana he thought that was
pretty good luck. That is the luck of fishermen.
As a class, they are poor. There are a great
many engaged in it, and a great many interested
in it. A great many men have built up establish-
ments for curing these fish, for storing them,and
wharves for the accommodation of fishermen, and
have built little vessels to carry on this business
for the sake of the trade. These men go outand
do not make upon an average more than $250for
a year's work. Now it is proposed to take this
little pittance which the Government has been
giving them from them, and to tax them upon
the salt they use,and their necessary outfits; for
everything is taxed; cordage, duck, salt, every-
thing they use is taxed at a very high rate; and
you propose to make them go down upon the
Newfoundland and George's banks and compete
with these Nova Scotia fishermen, and let them
come into our market and sell upon equal terms
with our fishermen. I do not believe the Senate
has any idea of doing that.
I know my colleague has discussed this ques-
tionbefore in the Senate almost exhaustively, arid
it has been discussed by other gentlemen, and
therefore I do not propose to go into the question
in a national aspect. I only wish to state these
plain matters of fact. The chairman of the com-
mittee knows what the tax on salt is, and he
knows, or ought to know, that it takes a bushel
of salt to cure a kentle offish; and if one of these
vessels gets $300 bounty and has procured but
three hundred kentles of fish, she has not mado
any fare; she has not got anything to divide for
the owners; nothing hardly to pay the men; and
the duty upon the salt itself, which must be paid
in gold, when yon reduce it to currency is more
than the pittance you have given to divide among
these men as a bounty. But, sir, I have said all
I choose to say on this subject at this time.
Mr. MORRILL. I regret to be obliged to
trouble the Senate at this late hour, but I am not
inclined to allow this amendmentto pass without
some opposition.
I insist, Mr. President, that according to the
ordinary principles of legislation, this provision
ought not to be on this bill. It is not a question
for the Committee on Finance. It is not a ques-
tion of finance. It is a maxini, 1 believe, that he
is a wise chancellor who magnifies his jurisdic-
tion; and on that principle the Committee on Fi-
nance of the Senate will come to be very famous.
During the present session there have been three
or four bills reported from the Committee on Fi-
nance which have very slight reference to the
subject of finance. This is one of them. Within
n few days, an elaborate bill,touching the whole
question of navigation, was reported from the
Committee on Finance, a bill having no possible
reference whatever to the subject of finance.
Mr. SHERMAN. What bill was that?
Mr. MORRILL. The bill regulating the im-
portation of foreign immigrants.
Mr. SHERMAN. That was referred to the
Committee on Finance by a special vote.
Mr. MORRILL. Referred on the special mo-
tfon of the honorable Senator, the chairman of the
committee,and reported back by him.
