THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
fend ita foundation idea." Another tells us we
are to look for limitations in the preamble to the
Constitution. But as the preamble is only a gen-
eral expression of the intent, and spirit, and un-
derlying idea of the instrument itself, the differ-
ence between the honorable gentlemen is one of
definitions, and not of ideas. Justice, tranquil-
lity, defense, the general welfare, and liberty are
the ends of government; but the English defini-
tion of justice and liberty in the twelfth century
is not the definition of the nineteenth. Ourinter-
pretation of these terms in the future of our his-
tory will vary with education and local prejudices.
The means which we should feel authorized to
employ for the public defense and general wel-
fare might have been deemed extravagant, and
possibly revolutionary in the piping days of peace.
To say that this power is limited by the idea of
the Constitution, however or wherever expressed
or implied, is as indefinite-as to say that extension
is'limited by space. Who, sir, is to determine
the intent of the organic law, and the proper
means by which its objects are to be secured,but
the people themselves ? And will not their ideas
advance and change with the progress of civiliza-
tion ? That there are moral limitations to legisla-
tion and to popular sovereignty, I should be the
last to deny. This constitutes the higher law,
•which when violated either by legislative assem-
blies or by popular majorities,justifies, nay sanc-
tifies the exercise of the right of revolution. But
our fathers were not guilty of the extreme folly
of attempting the impossible task of enumerating
all possible applications of the divine law of limita-
tions.
Tha||entleman from Ohio [Mr. Pendleton]
says in the course of his remarks:
" I am discussing the question which is put forth go os-
tentatiously by the other sude of the House, that under the
Constitution, not by the right of revolution, under its claiihos
mid provisions, there exi&u the power to make this amend-
ment."
Now, sir, if I understand the implication of this
sentence, it is a denial of a right to the people to
make any amendment to the Constitution which
shall enlarge the powers of the Government by
trenching upon the reserved powers of the States,
even though for the public welfare. Is not thai
an assumption? Or if it rests upon any reason-
ing, would not the same logic deny to a State the
right to modify its constitution so as to interfere
with the rights of the inhabitants of a town, even
"when public health and public morals demanded
it? State constitutions are adopted by as many
separate votes as there are towns m a State, but
the State does not thereby become a compact and
lose the right to amend its fundamental law, ex-
cept by a majority vote in every town.
The right to change the limitation of Stato pow-
ers must reside m the constitutional majority to
"whom, by a vote of the people of all the States,
the paramount interests of the nation were con-
fided at the first. There probably never was a
more delicate and difficult task confided to the
judgment of statesmen than the division and
proper adjustment of powers between the Gen-
eral and State Governments by the Constitutional
Convention. All the past of our colonial and revo-
lutionary life centered there. Ail the great inter-
ests of our moral, social, and political future hung
upon it. The proper balancing of these govern-
mental forces could only be hoped for through
the teachings of experience. The Convention un-
derstood perfectly well the difficult nature of the
work devolved upon it. "Would it not,therefore,
be a reflection either upon the wisdom of the fa-
thers or our own sanity to suppose they did not
make provision in the Constitution for such a re-
adjustment of powers or elimination of adverse
elements as the future should prove to be neces-
sary to harmonize the action or perpetuate the
existence of free institutions?
" I trust the friends of the proposed Constitu-
tion, "says Hamilton, " will never concur with its
enemies in questioning that fundamental principle
of republican government which admits the right
of the people to alter or abolish the established
Constitution whenever they find it inconsistent
with their happiness."
I go still further, sir, and claim that the right
of gradual and peaceful revolution was purposely
framed into the groundwork and superstructure
of our institutions so as to obviate forever the
BQcesskyforviolentand bloodyrevolutions, The
most terrific struggles which history records have
been between old forms of civilization, intrenched
in the unyielding framework of government, and
the resistless energies of a more advanced intel-
lectual and moral life striving to realize itself m
better institutions. Marathon and Runnymede
wereefforts to throw ofFan effete absolutism which
hung as a clog upon the progress of ideas. The
history of the common law, and of the English
Government, is a record of revolutions by which
the people have advanced through successive
stages to their present condition of freedom and
enlightenment.
The past was notlostupon the men who framed
our Government. The right of amendment and
the system of representation, by which men famil-
iar with public opinion and the wants and preju-
dices of the masses are brought to the work of
legislation, enable us,to mold and adapt our
Government and laws by peaceful methods to
the progressive changes of society. This was
not accident, but a wise provision of political
sagacity. Again it is claimed that the passage of
this resolution would interfere with the rights
of property, and is therefore unconstitutional. I
might reply that the municipal act upon which
the right to property in man is predicated is in
contravention to the law of natural justice, and
cannot establish a claim which " white men are
bound to lespect." Theft and robbery, though
sanctioned by legislative authority, cannotabsolve
man from his allegiance to that law which is su-
preme and infallible. The enactment which re-
duces an accountable being, however humble and
degraded, to the condition of a chattel, that sub-
jects him to unrequited toil and hopeless igno-
rance, that multiplies men for the market, oblivious
of domestic ties, and presses the cup of mixed and
measureless woe to the lips of helpless women
and innocent children without pity and without
remorse, has no force as law, I diffidently, but
fearlessly, deny, upon this floor, that any as-
sembly of human law-makers ever possessed the
power to create a right of property in man which
we, as men, or citizens of the Republic,are bound
to respect. Why,sir, the humblest daughter of
sorrow that ever crouched beneath the lash of the
task-master, lifting her fervent prayer to that
Judge "that no king can corrupt," appeals to a
tribunal before which the trembling slave stands
the peer of her proud master, whose pleasuie is
the price of her shame, and who eats bread m the
sweat of her brow.
But, sir, allowing this claim of property in
black men, will it not be pertinent to the argu-
ment to call to the remembrance of this House
the direct interference of the framers of the Gov-
ernment with this prescuptive right, by laying a
constitutional prohibition upon the commerce in
men? Will it not be germane to the question
to remind gentlemen that the eloquent Henry, in
the convention of Vnginia, opposed the adoption
of the Constitution on the plea that, if made the
fundamental law by the adoption of the people,
it would give, not to the nation through the right
of amendment, but to Congress directly, the
power to abolish slavery. Patrick Homy did
not stand alone in that interpretation. Similar
views were entertained in the conventions of other
States. Now, 1 claim that the tears ofthosegen-
tlemen of what they supposed had been done
were an admission of what might be done. I
have yet to learn that the statesmen of that day
argued the incompetency of the people, directly
by a constitutional provision or indirectly by an
act of Congress based on a grant of power in the
Constitution, to abolish what all admitted to be
a moral wrong and a political evil. Their oppo-
sition was based on the plea of political policy
and social necessity, both of which have been re-
versed in this grander revolution of our time.
The memorable words of Randolph in reply to
Henry, "1 hope that there is none here who,
considering the subject in the calm light of philos-
ophy, will advance an objection dishonorable to
Virginia; that at the moment they are securing
the rights of their citizens, an objection is started
that there is a'sparkof hope thattheseunfortunate
men now held in bondage may, bythe operation
of the General Government be made free," are
worthy to be inscribed in imperishable characters
upon the dome of the Capitol, and God grant that
their spirit may inspire us in the discharge of our
solemn duties in this hour of regeneration to the
Republic. It cannot, sir, have faded from the rec-
ollection of the students of political history that
violent and sectional opposition to the Constitu-
tion was overcome and all the States brought to
its adoption by pressing home upon the recusants
in the conventions the assurance that the instru-
ment would be open to subsequent amendment
on all the vital interests of the State.
And now shall we, whose industry is sustain-
ing a financial burden that would stagger an At-
las, and whose eyes are riveted upon the grassless
trenches where hundredsofthousands of our brave
and glorified children sleep in their blood-stained
coats of war, in this hour of our great peril forego
this essential privilege through a morbid pity and
a suspicious regard for the constitutional right®
of men who have forsworn the Constitution,,for-
feited every right under the Government* and
who can claim nothing at the hand of justice but
the penalty of treason ? Sir, it would be & shame?
and a reproach.
In seeking to purge our institutions of the mor-
tal taint of slavery, in seeking to rescue our lib-
erties by an organic change from the fatal imperium
in imperio, it is not necessary to fix the ethnologi-
cal position of the African or to prove his equal-
ity with the while races. Remembering that the
descendants of the sons of Israel are now a by-j
word and a hissing among the Gentiles; that the-
barbarian whom the proud old Greek de&pised*
has become'his master in all the artsi and virtues
of a Christian civilization; that the offspring or
the half-civilized and bloody men whom the Ro-
man historian located in the forests of Germany
and Britain are now giving literature and science*,
liberty and law, to the nations, let us deferentially
leave to the African, who since the building of the
monuments of Egypt has borne the burdens of
the world, to solve the vexed probkm^and,under
Providence, to determine for himself hisappointed
place in the social scale. If the poets-and orators,
of the sable race, whose light has fallen w-porv our
horizon, are the morning stars of a- brighter day
that is to dawn upon that benighted family of
men, let not us who have grown mh upon their
docile labor and long-suffering, be found fighting
against the counsels of Him who should u work
within us both to will and to do of His own good
pleasure."
Nor need we be frightened with the horrors of
miscegenation which have been drawn with such
artistic skill by my learned friend from Ohio.
This deadly Upas is only the product of a night,,
which has grown without roots and lost its prom-
ise of political fruits in the rhetoric of flowers.
The African, sir, has been driven North by the
force of slavery. Let him be free, and he gravi-
tates to the tropics as naturally and as certainly
as the winged people of the air migrate at the ap-
proach of winter. The laws of nature wjll not
accommodate themselves to the policy of party
politics.
Some gentlemen, too, seem to fear a fair compe-
tition between ft ee white and black labor. Now, if;
the black man belongs Jo a more intellectual and:
vigorous race than we, then he ought to triumph in-
the conflict, and will. But if the white man ha®
a larger brain, stronger and more enduring mus-
cles, and a more active temperament than the
black, then he will conquer in this legitimate con-
flict, and will gradually pi>sh the weaker race
from the continent, leaving this heritage of liber-
ties to our children after us to the latest genera-
tion. Can any man doubtthe result? Why, sir,,
the present servile condition of fo r millions of
this people is a prophecy of the future. I-et the
negro be free, and if he had no Africa to Hee to
as a refuge from therestlessand insatiableSaxon,,.
he would repeat the sad history of the proud but
fading people that once played upon these waters
and ruled with a native majesty of power where
we now sit in council and sway the destinies of
a great empire. I doubt not, sir, they will wan-
der to other f hores; but like iEneas and his com-
panions they will carry with them the elements
of a civilization in which other lands and future
ages will rejoice. Emancipation, like mercy,
will bless him thai gives and him that receives.
Why is it that the mineral treasures of the South
sleep in her mountains and valleys as<at the dawn
of creation ? Why have not the primitive oaks
upon her sunny plains been trans-formed into
masts, and her hemp manufactured- into sails by
her own population-? Why have&ot the Eesfcsof
