1250
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator will allow
me, it was referred to the Committee on Finance,
because I had been thech&irman of the Committee
on Agriculture that introduced the original bill,
and the very moment the chairman of (hat com-
mittee returned from his canvass in Kansas, that
moment I ceased to have anything to do with the
bill, and he took charge of it. It was a mere mat-
ter of personal consideration, because i had intro-
duced the bill to which it was an amendment. I
hope the Senator will not charge that sin to the
Committee on Finance. I voluntarily assumed it
at the moment, and I voluntarily assume it now;
but I turned the bill over, the very moment the
honorable Senator from Kansas came back, to
him.
Mr. MORRILL. And that is precisely what
] complain of; that the Committee on Finance
will interfere with matters that do not belong to
them.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on Finance
had not anything to do with it.
Mr. MORRILL. The Committee on Finance
did receive the bill and did report upon it. It is
a subject of commerce and navigation, over which
the Committee on Finance have no control and no
jurisdiction. It is this system of legislation that
I object to; and what I am arguing about now is
obnoxious to this charge.
But, sir, that is not all. At a more recent
period, on a mere question of appropriation, the
ordinary appropriations made up by the Depart-
ments of the Government, to whom theappropri-
ntioiis belong, the Committee on Finance under-
took to change the whole policy of this Govern-
ment in rcguul to the national defenses, and told
the Senate and the country that your national de-
fenses, involving an expenditure of $150,000,000,
were useless, and worse than useless.
Now, sir, 1 stand here to object to the Com-
mittee on Finance taking cognizance of subjects
that beiongelsewhere; and thisquestion falls pre-
cisely within that category. This is not a ques-
tion belonging to the Committee on Finance in
any respect whatever. It is a question of national
policy. It affects your commercial marine and
yourNavy,and the element of finance in it is sec*
ondary and subordinate. When questions of
national policy are to be considered thev are to
be considered by the appropriate committees; and
the Committee on Finance is not to dash in our
faces here by a stroke of the pen these policies of
tlie nation which have stood for half a century.
i stand lieie to object; and i am not to be told
when the committee load down their bills with
m'easures whiclvdo not belong to them that the
time of the session is precious, and that we are
not to consume it in the discussion of these meas-
ures. if the Committee on Finance desire that
their bills should run lightly, they must load
them lightly, if they choose to load them with
measures which belong elsewhere, which they
have not the capacity to consider, which they
were not constructed to consider it, does not lie
in their mouths to object if Senators who feel
charged with the consideration of interests which
affect them and their constituents are obliged on
these questions, contrary to their inclination, to
examine them.
Now, sir, what is the ground upon which the
Committee on Finance present this subject to the
Semite? It is said they will save to the country
some three or four hundred thousand dollais. I
believe last year about four hundied thousand
dollars was paid to this interest. If this was vital
I would not object, or if other interests were dis-
criminated against I would not object; but how is
that? in the appropriation bill passed the other
day I noticed one hundred and fifty or two hun-
dred thousand dollars, more or less, for the sur-
veys of the lakes. Are surveys of the western
lakes necessary to the prosecution of this war?
I do not stand here to object to them; but I stand
here to criticise, and i stand here to point out these
invidious discriminations and distinctions made
against great interests. One hundred and fifty or
two hundred thousand dollars more were appro-
puated for the coast survey, contradistinguished
from the lake surveys. Why is that? I do not
object to it. 1 point it out to show the invidious
mNt;i imiriauon that is made against this interest.
If it is necessary, if the publicexigencies demand
this discrimination, why do not the Committee on
Finance make thorough work of it? What do
you say of the appropriations for the Naval and
Military Schools running up to two and -three
hundred thousand dollars ? We are pretty much
through with the war, it is supposed; we have
pretty thoroughly educated our sailors and sol-
dierSjand why not abolish those schools?
Then, again, in the very bill to which I had
occasion to refer a few moments ago, from the
Committee on Finance, you will find an appropri-
ation contemplated to be expended in the impor-
tation of immigrants from abroad; and if you will
look into the bill of last year you will find that
this system of importation is to be carried on
through agents to be sent to Europe at an expense
of God only knows what, to induce, under eon-
tracts to be made by the Government agents, the
pauper population of Europe to immigrate to this
country. I do not know what the appropriation
will be this year; but it was §50,000 last year.
On what ground is it that this Committee on
Finance find no difficulty in making appropri-
ations to induce foreign immigration into this
country, find no difficulty inappropnatingmoney
for the survey of the lakes, of which I make no
complaint, but find it necessary to strike at this
great interest of the country? I say that this dis-
crimination is invidious. In thefirst place, I object
that the whole subject is foreign to this bill. I
insist upon it that when a great interest is to be
affected, it is not to be dashed at by the Commit-
tee on Finance. This isemmently a commercial
question, and should be referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and have the consideration of
a committee, and be reported to the Senate.
Now, how does this question stand ? The hon-
orable Senator, the chairman of the Committee
on Finance, knows very well that this subject was
discussed last year in the Senate, and after a thor-
ough discussion and consideration of the subject,
the vote stood, according to my recollection, 26
to 11—26 against and 11 for-*-and I have no rea-
son to doubt that that is the judgment of the Sen-
ate to-day; and I do not know what reason the
honorable Senator has to suppose that that is not
the judgment of the Senate to-day. And yet,
with that record of the Senate, the Committee on
Finance feel authorized to bring in a bill to strike
down this interest, to suspend it during the war
and for one year thereafter.
I trust, therefore, Mr. President, that it will be
the sense of the Senate that there is no such exi-
gency in our public affairs that renders it neces-
sary m this way to s11ike at this great interest,
an interest which for eighty years has been the
cherished, uniform policy of this Government. I
trust that the Senate will believe that it is better
it should stand, for the presentatleast. My col-
league alluded to a fact which should be conclu-
sive upon this subject. So longas the reciprocity
treaty stands, if you strike down this bounty,
you strike down this interest absolutely. It
would be ruined past redemption with the dis-
criminations which are against it. 1 therefore
feel it my duty to object, i do not desire to pro-
long the debate; but t shall be obliged to ca|l the
yeas and nays on this subject now; and if the bill
should be reported to the Senate with this pro-
vision in it, i may have occasion to trouble the
Senate longer upon if.
Mr. SHERMAN. I very rarely take any of-
fense at, or any notice of, remarks made by a Sen-
ator in the heat of debate; but i will not submit
to the hectoring tone of the Senator from Maine.
It is not the way to deal with me. His language
was uncourteous,unparliamentary,and unneces-
sary. It docs seem to me thatthe feeling shown
by the Senluor from Maine, when I, m the dis-
charge of my duty, am endeavoring to save to the
Government $400,000, is not creditable to him.
He arraigns me—not the Committee on Finance,
because lie knows that the Committee on Finance
was not responsible—for the conduct of the im-
migration bill. That was a bill prepared by the
Secretary of State, and sent to me, because I had
had charge of the bill of which it was an amend-
ment. 1 introduced it, and I stated to the Senate
that the Senator who ought to have charge of the
bill was not present in his place,and I asked the
Senate whether it would not be better to submit
it to the only committee of which I was a mem-
ber. The Senator from iowa [Mr. Grimes] ob-
jected; and after the objection was stated, it was
referred to the Committee on Finance. We con-
sidered it; and the very moment the Senator from
Kansas [Mr. Lane] came back, we surrendered
to him the care and custody of that bill. The bill
did not contain a single feature, a single proposi-
tion, that the honorable Senator has stated. Every
featuie that he alluded to was stricken out of the
bill by the committee. There was not a single
dollar appropriated in it. There was not a single
provision in it about sending men abroad to hire
people to come here.
He arraigns us also for reporting the amend-
ment to the fortification bill, because some of the
fortifications happened to be in Maine. Did we
think of that ? Some of the fortifications were in
my own section. Did 1 regard that? The bill
was referred to the Committee on Finance, as it
always lias been. Are we limited in our power
to amend that fortification bill? No; and I am
astonished that the Senatorshould introduce that
subject here as a matter of accusation; and 1 will
not submit to it. When he did it the other day
I did not reply to him, because I thought he was
laboring under some heat on account of some for-
tifications up in Maine. I thought he evinced
then a feeling of sectionalism that I never would
allow myself to evince. Because we struck out
of that bill a few forts up in his region of coun-
try he manifested a feeling that I was astonished
at. 1 did not reply to it because 1 did not wish
to show any feehng about it. When that forti-
fication bill was sent to us we had the right to
reduce it, to refuse it if we chose, subject to the
will of the Senate. We did reduce it. Itistrue
we reduced it in a form that was not sanctioned
by the Senate. I assented to the amendment
proposed substantially by the Senator'from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] although I preferred
that of the Committee on Finance. And yet we
aie to be assailed and the imputation is to be cast
that we are influenced by sectional motives and
sectional prejudices because we amended the for-
tification bill! It is absurd.
This bill, the Senator says, ought to have come
from the Committee on Commerce. I will state
this fact, that the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Powell,] for two sessions introduced a bill,
standing by itself, on this very subject, and had
it referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
that committee neglected and failed to report it
back, either adversely or favorably. And now,
when we are levying taxes upon the food of the
living and the shrouds of the dead, when we are
overlooking this broad country of ours to selcct
objects of taxation, the honorable Senator comes
here and arraigns me because I wish to suspend
only for a year or two a bounty that is indefen-
sible m principle; which the very fishermen of
Massachusetts have abandoned and pray their
Representatives to surrender; which the Senator
from Maine [Mr. Farwell] says he is willing
to abandon if we will give him wh*t I am dis-
posed to give him, a drawback on salt until the
reciprocity treaty is abolished. Are we, who
have simply performed a conscientious duty to
our country, to be arraigned thus?
I beg pardon of the Senate for showing so much
feeling; and 1 would not do it but that this is the
second time that the Senator from Maine has ar-
raigned the committee, or rather me, its chair-
man, for doing our conscientious duty. Why,
Mr. President, I am not to be hectored, or both-
ered, or pestered in this way; and 1 did not show
any feeling before, although I felt itat the time as
unjust and improper.
Now,-sir, this question is brought before the
Senate. It is propetly brought here; and I be-
lieve now, and I say it, thatif there wasanv such
indefensible bounty paid in the State of Ohio I
would surrender it with the greatest freedom.
The Senator complains that we did not strike out
the appropriation for the survey of the lakes.
Not a dollar of that is expended within five hun-
dred miles of the State of Ohio. All those lake
surveys are on Lake Michigan, Lake Superior,
and in the upper region; and why are those ap-
propriations made ? Because certain military offi-
cers have been employed for years in making
them, and it was not deemed wise to discontinue
them. In regard to the coast surveys they have
been continued for year in and year out. At one
time we proposed to discontinue both the lake sur-
veys and the coast surveys, but a representation
was made to us from the Coast Survey Bureau
that to discontinue the surveys and break up these
organizations would be probably bad economy;
