1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1251
that it would probably cost more to commence
the surveys again,and all the process of triangu-
lation, or some technical name, would be lost;
and thereupon it would be wiser to continue them
and to use the coast survey maps in bur military
operations. When that argument was presented
we at once abandoned the proposed reduction on
this item of appropriation and gave it up.
Mr. President, 1 do not wish to continue this
unpleasant discussion. I certainly have no hos-
tility to the Senator from Maine, and I was as-
tonished that he exhibited so much feeling on this
subject; and certainly 1 have no hostility to the
gallant State he represents. And here I will chal-
lenge any Senator present to show that I have in
word or speech uttered a single sentiment or done
a single act against any State of this Union be-
cause it was not my own State. I believe I have
never shown any sectional feeling in legislation.
If I have I ought to be rebuked for it; but 1 do
not remember in any case that I have evinced
any such feeling. If I have I hope the Senator
will correct me at ail times. I look upon this
country of ours and all parts of it as one and the
same, and I have the same affection for it; and
certainly this attack upon the fishing bounties is
not from any local opposition to the State of
Maine or to the country of New England, in
whose bosom rest all my ancestors for mofe than
two hundred years.
Mr. MORRILL. What I complain of, what
I have a right to complain of, and what I mean
to complain of, and what 1 intend the Senator
shall understand I make as a matter of complaint
is, that he has pursued this subject with a hos-
% tilny. Last year he gratuitously gave notice that
he would move it on the appropriation bill if no-
body else did. TheSenator from Kentucky [Mr.
Powell] relieved him; and therefore he escaped
that, it was moved and it was discussed; he had
his hour in court and he was heard; arid the judg-
ment of the Senate was against him; and hen vails
himself of his chairmanship of the committee
again to thrust u in the face of the Senate, and I
say it is unauthorized.
Mr. SHERMAN. I say the statement of the
Senator is not true. The report is sanctioned by
every member of the Committee on Finance, with
one possible exception; and the Senator shall not
«ay of me what is not true.
_ *Mr. MORRILL. It is here, and the Senator
is chairman of the committee, and he has mani-
fested this hostility from the beginning.
Mr. CLARK?. I was not in the committee,
but i was against if.
Mr. SHERMAN. One member was not there.
Mr. MORRILL. That I maintain and that I
assert, and that is evident upon the record, and
ho may escape from it as he can.
Now, sir, it is said I do not know what I am
speaking about. I am talking about the law in
. regard to immigration into this country of Euro-
pean paupers; to getup a grand system by which
you are to go abroad and huntthroughthealieys
and purlieus of European cities and bring into
this country pauper labor. It is said that i do
not understand that subject. 1 think I do; and I
think I did not misrepresent the Senator either
when I was up before. The Senator from Ohio
has the enviable distinction of having introduced
and inaugurated that system. I noticed it when
it was introduced last year, and called his atten-
tion to it, and told him I doubted the wisdom of
it. Now, wlmtisit? I did not misstate itorover-
state it. Let us look at it. Tiiebill of lastyear,
to which I referred as containing the appropria-
tion and other things, provides, in the first place,
for a Commissioner of Immigration to reside at
New York, and he is to have " three clerks of
such class as the Secretary of State may indi-
cate;" and what are they to do? They are to
constitute a bureau, and their business is to get
up some systen/for importing immigrants from
Europe into this country. I want to read the
second section ofthat bill, and see whether I am
mistaken about it or not:
" Sec. 2. And hcit furtker enacted, That ail contracts that
shall he made Uy immigrants to the United States in for-
ei"ti couiiui«s, m conformity to regulations that maybe
by the said Commissioner, whereby immigrants
shrill pledge the wages of their labor lor a term not exceed-
ing twelve months, to repay the expenses ot their Immigra-
tion, shall be held to be valid m law, and may be enfoiced
in! the courts of the United States, or of the several states
a*ad Territories; and such advance?, if so stipulated in the
qfontract, and the contract be recorded in the recorder s
office in the county where the immigrant shall settle, shall
operate as a lien upon any land thereafter acquired by the
immigrant, whether und^the homestead law, wheti the
title h: consummated, or on property otherwise acquired,
until liquidated by the immigrant; but nothing herein con-
tained yhall be deemed to authorize any contract contra-
vening the Constitution of the United States, or creating in
any way the relation or slavery or servitude."
Now, the scope of this bill is this: it inaugu-
rates a systefft of importation of foreign paupers
into this country, and it does it under the authority
and at the expense of the Government of the
United States; and it contemplates sending agents
abroad to make contracts with these men by which
they are to agree to pay the expenses of their im-
portation, and they are to mortgage themselves
soul and body, and all they have and hope to
have, only it is provided it shall not be regarded
as slavery. That is the alleviation of it; and this
is to be dono at the expense of the Government
of the United States in a time of war!
The honorable Senator thinks it very offensive
that I brought this up. I referred to it as an illus-
tration that, while the Committee on Finance
deemed it expedient to strike a great interest of
the country to save money, they are getting up
schemes for the importation of foreign paupers
into this country at an expense no one can tell
what. Therefore I did not speak without the
book,and Idid not misrepresentthe record either.
This year a most elaborate amendment of this
bill is introduced, and it provides for an inspec-
tion of the revenue laws, and it puts this Com-
missioner of 1 mmigration, joined to the Commis-
sioner of Immigration for the State of New York,
on a par, so far as the inspection of vessels at
that port is concerned, with the collector of cus-
toms.
But I have no occasion to discuss that. I al-
luded to it in no offensive sense personally to-
ward the chairman of the Committee on Finance;
but I alluded to these facts as matters of history,
as matters of legislation, to show the manifest in-
justice of this discrimination againstagreat inter-
estwhich I cherish and which my people cherish.
And when the honorable Senator tells mc that I
do not know what I represent; that the fishermen
of Maine do not want this interest, and it is not
essential to them
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not say that.
Mr. MORRILL. I understood the honorable
Senator to say the fishermen did not want the
bounty.
Mr. SHERMAN. I said that J had seen in the
papers the fishermen of a portion of Massachu-
setts had so expressed themselves.
Mr. MORRILL. That is a very remarkable
discrimination; the fishermen of Maine want it,
and the fishermen of Massachusetts do not want
it! The truth is, Mr. President, that this in-
terest is a vital interest in many respects. I am
not going to argue it. I said last year all that I
desired to say on the general subject. I confess,
however, to no little feeling in regard to it. This
proposition had a fair hearing,and had its day in
court last year, and the judgment of the Seriate
was decidedly against it. After that 1 confess to
some little feeling when I saw it thrust in our
faces here at this late day in the session, and that,
too, on the tax bill, when tljere is little opportu-
nity without an unreasonable trespass upon the
time of the Senate to discuss it.
Mr. WILSON. 1 move to amend this amend-
ment by stciking out the words " from and after
the 1st day of April next and," and inserting
after "thereafter in the third line the words
" from and after the abrogation of the reciprocity
treaty with Great Britain;" so that, if amended
in this way, it will lead:
That during the present war, and for one year thereafter,
from and after the abrogation of the reciprocity treaty with
Great Britain, all acts and pan*- of act* granting allowances
or bounties on the tonnage of vo^el* engaged in the bank
or other cod fisheries, during the tune aforesaid, siiail have
no force or effect.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask at what time the treaty
will terminate.
Mr. SUMNER. A year from the 15th of
March.
Mr.FARWELL. I suggest to the Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] that the bounty
under his amendment will run for one year, until
the termination of the reciprocity treaty, and
Congress will Lie in session in the mean time.
Mr. COWAN. J suggest to the Senator from
Massachusetts that he strike out more of the pre-
vious part of the section; so as to make it read
"that from and after the abrogation of. the reci-
procity treaty all acts," &c.
Mr. WILSON. That goes further than the
proposition of the committee.
Mr. COWAN. You may put a limit on it.
Mr. WILSON. The proposition itself is that
the suspension shall go into effect on the 1st day
of April next and continue during the present '
war and one year thereafter. The objection made '
is that it is fatal to that interest while the reci-
procity treaty lasts. My object is not to affect the
time during which the suspension shall run, that
is, during the war and for one year thereafter, but
to provide that the section shall notgo into effect
until the reciprocity treaty is abrogated, so that
we shall not have that disadvantage to contend
with.
Mr. COWAN. You can express that in this
wise, " that from and after the abrogation of the
reciprocity treaty, and during the present war,
and for one year thereafter," &c.
Mr. WILSON. 1 am willing to have it go in
that form, and 1 will so modify it.
Mr. COWAN. That will make it English, at
any rate.
Mr. BROWN. I suggest to the Senator from
Massachusetts that he had better modify it so as
to abolish the bounty altogether after the notice
takes effect for the abrogation of the treaty. If
I understand the argument on which it is predi-
cated and sustained now, it is that until the ab-
rogation takes effect it would be unjust to repeal
tins bounty. If, therefore, it docs not take effect
until that time, the argument which sustains the
bounty falls. I am opposed to the bounty alto-
gether, and I think when gentlemen who ara •
deeply interested in it say they are willing to give
it up if they can get rid of the bad effects of the
reciprocity treaty, they admit the whole argu-
ment against it, and therefore it should not be
limited to one year after the war ceases, but
should go altogether.
Mr. FARWELL. If you abolish this bounty
while the reciprocity treaty lasts, the effect will
be most disastrous. The fact is that the reci-
procny treaty prevents legislation. The recipro-
city treaty falls in March of next year, I believe.
Consequently, if there was no legislation the fish-
ermen would be in the same condition they are
now, paying this high duty on their salt, and
having no protection against the competition of the
foreign article. I know very well what the feel-
ing is in Maine, and I know what it is in Massa-
chusetts. In the place of this bounty which has
been thrown in their faces as a gratuity for years
and years, here on this floor, they would much
prefer to see such legislation as is had in regard
to every other interest in this country. You
would not think of taxing all the rags, the chem-
icals, and everything that comes from abroad
and is used by our paper manufacturers, and then
let foreign paper in free of duty. You would not
think of doing such a thing. Neithershould you
tax at high rates the salt, the cordage, the hemp,
and everything from abroad that is used by this
trade, and then let the competing articles—fish,
oil, and everything of that sort—come into the
United States free of duty, as is the case under the
reciprocity treaty. Therefore,I know the legis-
lation of Congress would never be in that line, but
1 suggest that it will be necessary to have legisla-
tion. I suggest to the chairman to let the whole
thing go over until next year. You will find no
members here from Maine, or Massachusetts, or
anywhere else in New England, opposing the re-
peal when you are leady to give wimtany gentle-
man is willing to say is fair legislation on the'sub-
ject, and certainly it will not forward anything to
say now that it shall be repealed a year hence af-
ter the reciprocity treaty is dead. Just let it lia
until the reciprocity treaty is outof the way,and
then adopt the proper legislation,and I shall cer-
tainly be glad. 1 do not want anybody to say
that a bounty is given to my people, or my State,
or even to New England., for I once was part of
Massachusetis myself. I hope the chairman will
consent to withdraw the whole thing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clakk in
the chair.) The question is on the amendment
of theSenatorfrom Massachusetts [Mr. Wh.son]
to the amendment of the Committee on Finance,
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to,
Mr. SHERMAN. The word "suspended.,"
