1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
a rich and civilizing commerce filled the safe har-
bors which the creative hand hollowed out upon
her extended coast? It is because her own biave
peopl*1 have foregone their privileges and given
over their fair and rich inheritance to the igno-
rant arid thriftless labor of bondmen. And can
they, sir, who have thus spurned the hand of
Provid-ence complain if the Master gives to an-
other that which they have neglected to improve
for a century ? When this thriftless system shall
3iave keen supplanted by an educated and enter-
prising population of free labores, the measure-
less wealth of her mines and soil will pass into
productive capital or be transformed into the ma-
tciial comforts and moral forces of an advancing
■civilization. Let peace once more return to our
lantU bearing in her hands the broken chains of
a dismthralled pesple as the emblems of victory,
and the industrial energies of an intelligent popu-
lation, regenerated by the spirit of liberty 111 its
last bloody struggle with the fiend of slavery, will
sweep debt from the land and cover every acre of
it with the glad tokens ef plenty, prosperity, and
power.
The amendment of the Constitution by the peo-
ple, to which the passage of this resolution looks,
will effect an immediate good. It will give an
•easy and ready solution to the difficult questions
arising under the proclamation of emancipation
and bills of reconstruction.
Sir, we can afford to exercise the largest char-
ity and a magnanimous generosity in restoring
the dissevered States and bringing back a disloyal
people to their allegiance, but this institution of
■slavery, which has sown dragons' teeth in our
legislation, embittered the intercourse of social
life, and at last forced upon us the hoirors of civil
war, must now perish. A laud
1C Willi all iho  i!'H that heaven ami earth impart,
The ^utiles ot nature and the chaim*, of ait,
While proud oppii'BSion in tici vallej.s leigns,
Anil tyiaimy uainpft her happy plains,"
is not a worthy exemplar of the work of civil
liberty. The Constitution was not designed to
defeat itself by limiting action when the public
security and social progress demand it. That
instrument is itself the result of amendments to
the Articles of Confederation, sufficiently radical
and extensive to change the nature of govern-
ment, and was adopted by a method not justified
by those Articles, and therefore revolutionary.
This was the work of men whose names are to
be spoken without reproach, and justified on the
plea of public necessity in a time of profound
peace. And shall we hesitate to do what the nn- i
tional salvation demands in a time of war and pub-
lic calamity on account of imaginary obstacles?
Posterity will comprehend the import and gran-
deur of this great struggle between the antago-
nistic forces of freedom and slavery as we can not,
and will be amazed and humbled as they read the
record of our higgling and flimsy pretexts for de-
lay over this great question. The voices of our
murdered heroes sleeping on a thousand victori-
ous battle-fields in rebellious States, and still other
voices from the dim but glorious hereafter of our
history, call upon us for immediate and decisive
action. We must meet our responsibilities like
men, for we are not engaged in a holiday pageant.
Tliis is revolution—solemn, earnest, terrible rev-
olution. '
" Salus populi suprema est lex,"
must be the shibboleth of the friends of the Re-
public.
Mr. MORRIS, of New York. Mr. Speaker,
I do not propose to make a political speech 011
this occasion', but only to discuss the question of
the power of " the Congress" over amendments
to the Constitution of the United States. What-
ever power " the Congress" may have in this be-
half is derived fiom article five, section one, of
the Constitution, which provides—
" The L'onijie^. whenever two thirds of both Houses
phall deem it necessary, shall piopose amendment* to this
CniisHiuluin, 01, on the application of the Legislatures of
two IhinU nl the seveial Slates, shall call a convention lor
Dioiio-ni" amendments, which, in either case, shall he valid
{<> allien-!,I-and p'O p"-es, as pait of this Constitution, when
rallied bv the Lenislatutes of tliree fourths of the several
Srue- or'hv conventions in thiee tourtiis thereof, as one or
the olher mode ol lalilication may be pioposed by the Uon-
mm,lied that no amendment which maybe made
?, lo i In* \ eat Itwsiial! in anv inanni'i atleet the fiistand
ninth clauses ol the ninth seetion ot tlm th-t article ; and
that no Slate, without il-s consent, shall be depnved of
equal sullrase in the Senate.''
If tins language is to receive ordinary interpre-
tation I cannot well see how legal minds can djffer
in its construction. It expressly provides for an
amendment of this instrument, and it clearly
defines the mode of procedure.
There are but three restrictions upon the action
of Congress in the letter of this instrument, one
pf which relates to the migration of persons prior
to the year 1808, and the others to taxation and
equal suffrage in the Senate. As far, then,as the
question under consideration is concerned, it is
precisely the same as if there were no limitations
whatever in the Constitution. " The Congress,"
thus empowered, as defined by the Constitu-
tion, "shall consist of a Senate and House of
Representatives." This body is now in session,
and it proposes to exercise one of its supposed
powers.
But it is claimed by one who is recognized as
a leader of the other side of this House [Mr. Pen-
dleton] that " three fourths of the States do not
possess constitutional power to pass this amend-
ment." Others admit this power exists, but they
deny the expediency of its exorcise.
I shall speak of these propositions in their
order.
The framers of the Constitution, as I claim,
clothed " the Congress" with power to propose
and three fourths of the several States with power
to ratify amendments thereto. The language of
this instrument is so explicit that in my judg-
ment it will not admit of two interpretations.
That the framers of this instrument so understood
it is evident from their contemporaneous sayings
and writings. At page 402 of the Federalist we
find the following:
" It appears to me susceptible of complete demonstration,
that it will be lat moie e;e-y to obtain sub-equent than pie-
villus amendments to the Constitution. The moment an
alteration is made in the ptesen! plan, it becomes, lo the
pill pose ol adopuon, a new one, and mu-t undeiito a new
decision of eaon State. To its eomplcle establishmen!
thioii hoiit the Union it will llicrelorc ie<]ture the concur-
rence nl thuleen States. II, on the cimliaiy, the Constitu-
tion should be latilied by all Hie States as it stands, alter-
ations may at anv time in; effected bi nine States. In this
view alone the chances aie as tluiteen to nine (it should
he ten) ill favor of subsequent amendments, ralliei than of
anginal adopuon ot an entire system."
Thus one who participated in the duties of
framing this instrument clearly recognizes this
power, and he urges the adoption of the Consti-
tution as it was then written, even if it were im-
perfect,insisting that such imperfections could be
more readily lemoved by suliKequeutamemlments
than by original action. This subject was pub-
licly discussed, and then the Constitution was
adopted by the suffrages of those who well un- |
derstood the force of its provisions. That no one
doubted the power of Congiessaud ol the States
uvei this subject at that time is evident from the
fact that Congress, at a session thereof held in the
city of New Yoik in the year 1789, proposed
twelve amendments to the Constitution, then but
recently adopted, and submitted the same to the
several States, ten of which amendments weie
adopted, and they are now as valid as any por-
tion of the original instiunient. "The Congress"
of 1789 derived its power in tills behalf from the
same article by viitue of which " the Congress '
of 18G5 proposes to act. The poweis and the re-
strictions, as far forth as this question is concerned,
were the same then as now. This was a practi-
cal inlerpietation of this instrument by Its found-
ers. Here I might rest this case; but inasmuch
as there is a conflict of views upon this subject
among the honorable members of this House, 1
am constrained to devote a lew moments to the
arguments of the opponents of tins measure.
The honorable gentleman fiom New Jersey
[Mr. Rogers] says:
'•The Deinoeiatic party, the oldWIiii; party, and the
Republican parlv, until lately, always claimed and held
that this institution of slaveiy was peculiarly under the
province ot the individual States, and when the states en-
tered into this coniedeiated Government, the powers that
they did not d< legate to the Government were expressly
reserved to the States ; that no power not delegated to the
Geneial Government could by tin. forccofany anicmhuotil
of the Constitution be taken away trom the States, be-
cause tlicv had oillv confederated themselves togethei tor
the purposes laid down m the organic act, and because It
would beau aLtofthe creature not given by its creator -
Here is a strange mixture of truth and error.
ThegcXdt political parties of which the honor-
able gentleman speaks only mooted the rights of
tho lvbpcctive Stales, in ret'en-nce to enactments
appertaining to their own internal matters; the
question before tins House is, what power has
" the Congress" over amendments to this organic
act? The propositions are unlike.
Again, the honorable gentleman says: u The
States entered into this confederated Govern-
ment. " I much fearthe gentleman'a reading, as
wqII as his rendering of the Constitution, is at
fault. He must have confounded the old obsolete
Articles of Confederation and the present Con-
stitution. The former was a confederation of
States, as appears from its preamble:
"Article of confederation and perpetual union between
tiie States of New Hampshire, Massachusetts Bay, Rhode
Hand, and Providence Plantations, Connecticut, New
York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Delaware, Maryland,
Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia."
This confederacy was dissolved in the year
3787, and it gave place to a confederacy of tho
people. This new Confederacy, as evidence of its
intention, adopted a preamble to its Constitution
which is remarkably expressive. It reads:
" We, the people of the United States, in order to forma
more peiieet union, establish justice, insure domestic
tianquHlity, piovide tor the common defense, promote the
general wollare, and secure tiie blessings of liberty to our-
selves and our posterity, do ordain and establish this Con-
stitution of the United States of America."
Here are no political divisions, no geographi-
cal boundaries. This is a Union of an entire
people. States and State lines are entirely ignored.
Therefore, when the gentleman speaks of the pres-
ent, he should use language suited to the age in
which we live. Such a confederacy as he de-
scribes once existed, but it has passed away. I
do not mean by this that there are no corporate
Stales with certain independent and sovereign
powers, but 1 do mean that through and by vir-
tue of this Constitution, ordained by the people of
the United States, it subordinated each State, so
far as the letter and spirit of this instrument are
concerned. This was not an act of the separate
Slates, as such, but it was the act of the sovereign
power in this Government. Indeed, no Govern-
ment can exist without sovereignty. Sovereignty
is its life and its motive power. This sovereignty
in the Government of the United States rests not
m corporate States, but in the people. From this
source ail municipal power is derived.
The honorable gentleman,in his remarks, mis-
takes the issue. The question is not one of sla-
very, but of the power of Congress over another
subject. It is purely a legal,not apolitical prop- m
usition. The question is the same as though sla-
very wore unknown. We are to shut out every
consideration except the jiower of Congress over
amendments, without reference to the subjects of
them. The power of Congress is one thing, and
the expediency of the exercise of this power is
another. It is important to distinguish between
them.
One word more, and I have done with the ar-
gument of the honorable gentleman from New-
Jersey. He says:
"No power not delegated to the General Government
could, by tiie force of any amendment of the Constitution,
be taken from tiie States."
The States have delegated nothing to the Gen-
eral Government. The General Government is
not the creature of the States, but of an entire
people. The jjeople established a Constitution,
and provided therein for amendments thereto.
Tiie people delegated nothing. They clothed
" the Congress" with the power to initiate,and
reserved the right of final decision. The creator
of tli is Government and its organic law (the peo-
ple) clothed its creature (" the Congress") with
certain express powers, but it never delegated
any power to change any portion of tliis organic
act.
1 repeat, the question under consideration is not
one of a domestic, or any other, institution, ex-
cepting incidentally. If any system, no matter
what, shall be found in any State which conflicts
with the foundation purposes of the General Gov-
ernment, as exjiressed in the letter or in the spirit
of the Constitution, it furnishes a reason for the
exercisc of the power with which " the Congress"
is clothed by its creator.
This is in no sense an interference with such
system; on the contrary, such system, by reason
of its own acts, renders an otherwise dormant
poweroperative,and hence itcompels this action.
We erect penitentiaries, but except men trans-
gress they are tenantless. We grant powers to
legislative bodies, but their exercise depends upon
the circumstances of each case. A given act, or
the practical wtfi-lcing ctf a system, domestic or
