1252
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
in the sixth line, ought to be inserted, so as to
read "are hereby suspended." It is evidently
omitted in the print.
Theamendmentto the amendmentwasagreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. The effect of the amend-
ment now ia to make this suspension of the
bounties operate from the 15th of March, 1866,
instead of the 1st of April, 1865, during the war,
and for one year thereafter.
Mr. FARWELL. What necessity is there for
saying anything about the war and one year there-
after when nothing will be done forayearatany
rate ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it much better to
say that from and after the abrogation of the
reciprocity treaty all acts and parts of acts allow-
ing the bounties shall be repealed.
Mr. FARWELL. I suggest the difficulty I
stated before; if we should not make any legisla-
tion next year, by that time the repeal would be
ruinous.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is not a particle of
doubt that when the treaty with Great Britain is
abrogated, the ordinary duty will be given in favor
of our own fish and in favor of our own produc-
tions against the Canadian ai tides. That is all
the Senator desires, as I understand.
Mr. FARWELL. I suggest whether it would
not be a very good time when that legislation is
made, to make it part of the same act which re-
peals the bounty. Why should we haggle over
it here at the very last hours of this session when
there will be plenty of time to mature the whole
matter next year ?
Mr. SUMNER. Have not these very ques-
tions that have been presented brought us to an
essential difficulty? Can we justly deal with the
question now?
Mr. SHERMAN. I think so.
Mr. SUMNER. Excuse me. The Senate has
already voted to postpone the action of this prop-
osition till after the abrogation of the reciprocity
treaty, which is one year from the 15th of March.
Congress is to meet between now and then. Why
not let the whole question go over to the next
Congress, which will probably have to consider
another reciprocity treaty or a modification of the
present one, and let this be treated at the same
time in connection with the kindred matter?
Mr. SHERMAN. I thinksince wc have it up
we had better dispose of it. The Senator from
Maine says 1 persist in this matter. 1 do not
know that I ever introduced this subject butonce
in the Senate; but since it is here now 1 think we
had better end itand not have the controversy up
at the next session. My impression is thatsince
we have postponed the operation of the provision
we ought to repeal the fishing bounties, leaving
future legislation to come afterward; and X sub-
mit an amendment to the amendment, that after
the abrogation of the treaty those bounties shall
be repealed-."and 1 think that would be the better
way.
Mr. SUMNER. But you do not act definitely
by your proposition as you have it now, and you
have a session of Congress that is to meet before
the propositioncangointoeffect. Why not, then,
let the whole matter go over to the next Congress?
Is not that the most practicable? Why load this
bill down with a question which the next Congress
can act upon in a different sense from yourselves?
Mr. CONNESS. I do not see that anything
is gained by it.
Mr. SHERMAN. My impression is we had
better leave it here, so that another reciprocity
treaty may be made in view of the fact that the
bounties are repealed. Since we have yielded to
the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,]
and postponed the operation of the suspension
for one year, I think we ought not to make that
a reason why we should abandon the proposition.
It does not seem to me exactly right. On a state-
ment made by him that the reciprocity treaty
might work to the injury of the interest referred
to we have postponed the operation of the act
until that reciprocity treaty is repealed. That
yielding on our part ought not to be made the
argument to induce us to abandon the proposi-
tion.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Ohio com-
plains that my colleague has introduced into the
provision a postponement till after the abrogation
of the reciprocity, treaty, and that we nowSo not
accept that as a definitive settlement; but docs not
the Senator from Ohio see that the very fact that
the Senator has thought it expedient to postpone
the operation of this provision till after the abro-
gation of the reciprocity treaty is the best evidence
in the world that this is not the time to act on the
question ? The whole proposition is premature.
It is another case of leaping before you come to
the stile.
Mr. DAVIS. iThat is very wrong.
Mr. SUMNER. Of course it is very wrong;
and therefore I suggest that I hope the Senate
will not do it.
Mr. FARWELL. It is better for another
reason. If this amendment goes to the House of
Representatives it will cause some discussion.
There will certainly be time enough at the next
Congress, because there will not be any 4th of
March to close the next session peremptorily.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I never yet have known
the time come to repeal these fishing bounties, and
I believe the question has been up every session
I have been here, and it has been put off on one
pretense or another session after session. I do
not think we shall ever get rid of it until we re-
peal fishing bounties squarely. I think it is time
the whole thing was repealed. So far as salt
is concerned, I suppose we use more salt in a
week in my State in salting beef that goes abroad
than is used to salt all these fish for a year. I
should like to have a distinct vote upon repealing
the fishing bounties without any of these pretenses
of after the war, or when some other treaty is
made. I look upon them all as subterfuges to
hold on to the fishingbounties, and I thinkin this
time of war, when we want all the money we can
get, it is no time to be paying bounties to the fish-
ermen. I should be very glad myself if we could
get a direct vote on repealing the fishing bounties.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to strike out the
words " and during the present war, and for one
year thereafter," and in lieu of the word " sus-
pended," to insert the word "repealed," so as
to read, " that from and after the abrogation of
the reciprocity treaty with Great Britain, all acts
and parts of acts granting allowances or bounties
on the tonnage of vessels engaged in the bank
or other cod fisheries be, and the same are hereby,
repealed." That will make the matter plain, and
then a treaty may be made in view of that tax
and legislation.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the chairman of the
committee will not press that amendment. I think
he had better let the section stand as it now does,
with the amendment that has been adopted. The
reciprocity treaty will expire one year from the
middle of this March. We shall meetin Decem-
ber next, and it may not be until the close of the
session that we shall take any legislation or do
what wo may desire to do, and I think we had
better just let it pass in the form the committee
have reported it with the time this amendment
fixes after the abrogation of that treaty. I think
then all the practical result the Senator desires he
will achieve in that form.
Mr. McDOUGALL. With regard to this mat-
ter of the fishing bounties, it cannot be supposed
that, so far as their practical application is con-
cerned, I should be conversant with them, for the
reason that I never Jived on the Atlantic, and 1
now live on the far-off coast of the Pacific, where
we ask no fishing bounty. I long since heard the
cause why these bounties were first allowed, and
how they have been justified; and having been
somewhat of a traveler upon the seas I have felt
the force of the justification, and having seen
what our men of the sea were capable of by their
training along our northeastern coast, I have felt
that the policy of the legislation was sound. We
are not now lords of the sea, although we came
very near being so. I think we are not so be-
cause of a false policy. We could have been if
we had allowed the men who understand the seas
of our northeastern coast to go and run down the
Alabama and run down the Florida and driveall
the pirates from the ocean. We would now be
masters of the seas if we had allowed them to do
it as Congress provided, but as the Administra-
tion did not permit.
Sir, I believe these fisheries are the cradle of
sailors. You may talk of soldiers as you please,
but there are no such people as the men who dare
the wave, the storm, and the tempest. They are
trained better there than elsewhere, and that is
the reason why the policy of this legislation ia
sound. It is not a fishing bounty properly speak-
ing, although it is so denominated. It is to fur-
nish a cradle for sailors, men who learn to under-
stand and dare the waves, handle vessels, manage
the tiller, and sheer with the wind, know where
it comes from and know how to meet it.
I have always thought from my first calm re-
flection on the subject that this legislation was
sound as a matter of public policy for the pur-
pose of maintaining a body of men who at signal
call would answer for maintaining ourreputation
among the nations of the world. We have two
oceans on our borders, we have a great sea on
the south, and we have all the lakes besides, mak-
ing almost ourboundary. They cultivate a class
of men who understand navigation and the hand-
ling of vessels, and what is more, who have the
particular quality that is developed by educa-
tion at sea, that is that high quality of courage
which belongs to the sailor particularly. To en-
courage that is one of the highest and most im-
portant prerogatives that can be exercised by us
in the discharge of our part of the business of the
Government.
We need that class of men; we shall need thera
more when this war is over; and I believe in con-
tinuing the policy of enabling our fishing fleet to
maintain themselves, and keeping them up and
protecting them, not as a rfiatter of bounty, but
just as I would have the School at Annapolis and
the School at West Point. Although the fish-
ermen do not wear fine jackets and are not called
middies or cadets, this is the school of seamen,
better seamen than they breed in any of your
schools with mathematical teachers and instruct-
ors in various departments of science.
I myself have been and am in favor of these
fishing bounties, so called, per se, as a matter of
sound national policy, and I regret that gentle-
men from the West, generally those from the in-
terior part of the country, have such a disposi-
tion to make war on them. I think it is an old
hackneyed question among politicians. A man
who lived on the Wabash, or the Illinois, or the
Miami, thought it was a very good way of talk-
ing for him to say, " Here these fellows got a law
giving them fishing bounties; New England has
done so and so;" and it has been made a question
against New England. I am not a New England
man nor am I partial to New England, but I say
these bounties were not given to New Englarrd.
This seems, however, to have become a popular
question now in certain portions of the country,
and every year a speech against the fishing boun-
ties is repeated from Ohio, from Indiana, from
Kentucky, none of these persons regarding the
true reason why these bounties were conceded,
the true philosophical and governmental reason
why they were first established. I think they
were right. I think they should be maintained,
and I am opposed to the whole proposition of dis-
continuing them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. .Thequestion
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio to
the amendment of the Committee on Finance.
Mr. MORRILL. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOWE. I have paired off with the Sen-
ator from Iowa, [Mr. Grimi s.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays^
resulted—yeas 19, nays 16; as follows: 1
YEAS—Messrs, Brown, Bucfcalew, CJiandler, Cowan,
Davis, Doolittle, Harlan, Henderson, Hondrieks, Howaid,
Lane of Indiana, Powell, Kiddle, Sherman', Trumbull, Van
Winkle, Wilkinson, Willey, and Wright—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Clark, Conness, FarweH,
Foster, Hale, Johnson, Lane of Kansas, MoDougall, Mor-
gan, Morrill, Nye, Kamsey, Stewart, Sumner, and Wilson
—16.
ABSENT—Messrs. Carlile, Collamer, Dixon, Foot,
Grimes, Harding, Hairls, Howe, Nrsmith Pomeroy, Rich-
ardson, Saulsbury, Sprague, Ten Eyck, and Wade—15.
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
to, and the question recurred on the amendment
as amended.
Mr. FARWELL. I hope the Senate will not
adopt the amendment, and I believe that were it
not for the little feeling got up between the chair-
man of the Finance Committee and my colleague
the chairman would advise its withdrawal at
present. Next year this whole question Must
come up; there will be a new reciprocity treaty,
or else there will be legislation in regard to Sail
these subjects. The chairman stated in the Sep-
ate in the early part of this session that there wfes
a million dollars' worth of lumber produced iip
i
