486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
otherwise, may be the occasion of legislation, and
yet by no means the object of it. So in the case
in hand: slavery, of its own act, constrains the
exercise of a power in "the Congress" which
otherwise might have remained dormant for ages.
As well may the felon complain of the enactments
in a criminal statute, as slavery to complain in the
case in hand. But it does not follow that the
existence of this power authorizes its possessors
to exercise it at will.
The honorable gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox]
claims in substance that three fourths of the sev-
eral States may abolish this Government, and that
it may then " elect the king of Dahomey to be
theirautocrat." lfthehonorable gentleman means
that three fourths of the States have the physical
power to do this as a man has the muscular power
to commit murder, he may be right. But if he
means that three fourths of the several States may
do this by virtue of the Constitution of the United
States, I beg leave to differ with him. Such an
act would be no amendment, but an actual and
wanton subversion of the Constitution. It would
be an unhallowed revolution. I discriminate be-
tween physical force and constitutional power.
There isusubstratum to the Constitution. There
is a foundation power to this instrument. It is
the law of nature. It existed before the world
was; and before the adoption of this instrument
its authors announced certain fundamental truths
which were borrowed from this law, and they
antedate all human Governments. Among these
truths are the following: all men are endowed with
certain inalienable rights*, that to secure these Gov-
ernments are instituted, and such Governments
derive their powers from the consent of the gov-
erned.
It was in view of these truths, and for the pur-
pose of enjoying their advantages, that our fathers
ordained and established the Constitution now
sought to be amended. This law, which ante-
dates human Governments, is what I denominate
the " higher law." it is a law recognized by all
elementary writers, and is engraven upon the
hearts of all men. It is the doctrine which teaches
that any human law that conflicts with the laws
of God should bepronouncod of no binding force
by our courts. This law, amonar other things,
declares, " Thou shall not steal." Who will in-
sist that any enactment which should command
the commission of larceny could be enforced in
any of our courts? YetourConstitution is silent
upon this subject; therefore I say to the honorable
gentleman, three fourths of the States of this
Union may do nothing which infracts or tends to
defeat the objects for which our national chartcr
was established.
I am happy to say in letter (but I fear not in
spirit) i am sustained in this view by the honor-
able gentleman from Ohio, who was recently a
candidate for a high office, [Mr. Pendleton.]
He says:
"1 assort that then? is another limitation [to amend-
ments of iho Constitution] stronger than the Inter of the
Constitution, and that is touud in us intent, and its spirit,
and its foundation idea."
This "intent" and "foundation idea" is em-
bodied in the expressive preamble of our Con-
stitution. I commend it to the gentleman and
invoke of him a careful perusal. From it, we
shall learn that one of the primary objects of this
Constitution was to " establish justice." If this
object has failed, whence is it, and why ? Is it in
consequence of any system within any portion of
our Government? Is slavery unjust m all of its
workings? Is it at war with the "foundation
idea" of our Constitution? If it is, then is this
system the occasion, not theobjectof the amend-
ment.
Another purpose of this instrument was to
" msuredomestic tranquillity." Has slavery con-
tributed to this object, or has it engendered dis-
cord and finally embroiled the nation in a civil
war? "Who will answer? If the answer is af-
fiimative, then has this system defeated the pur-
pose of the Constitution.
A further purpose of this Constitution was to
" promote the general welfare." How strangely
has slavery aided in this work. Look at our new-
made graves, our maimed citizens, our impover-
ished Treasury, and our widows and orphans,
as evidence of its doings. Humanity weeps over
its deeds of horror and of crime. Should it have
perpetuity ? 9
But above all, this Constitution was framed to
secure the blessings of "liberty" to those who
ordained it, and also to their " posterity." Has
it accomplished this? What hindered it? Let the
trembling victims in our slave pensand the bond-
men and bondwomen at the auction-stand be
heard. Consult the pages of the recordingangel,
and then compute the sorrows of the millions who
have been deprived of "liberty" under aConsti-
tution ordained expressly to secure these bless-
ings to its subjects. Yet the honorable gentleman
says " the States have no power to amend this
organic act." This amendmentdoes not propose
to infract the letter, the spirit, nor the intent of
this instrument; it only proposes to conform it in
letter to the explicitly avowed objects for which
it was ordained and established. Is it wicked to
do this? Is it unconstitutional to provide abso-
lutely for the establishment of justice, domestic
tranquillity, the promotion of the general wel-
fare, and the blessings of liberty ? This is what
is sought for.
I have supposed that a nation,asan individual,
always had the right to reform. The converse
would perpetuate errorandgivepermanenceeven
to a despotism. This doctrine practically carried
out would bar all improvementand forever crush
the hopes of the oppressed in every land. To the
proper exercise of this reformatory power minor
ities must submit. This is not oppression, but
one of the highest types of constitutional free-
dom. Constitutions are framed for the general
interests of their subjects. They are checks upon
majorities; to minorities they are safeguards.
They are binding upon each, and each should
respect and obey their commands. Disobedience
upon the part of either is alike ruinous and un-
justifiable.
The intent of the Constitution is particularly
manifest from its expressive preamble; and being
manifest, what is the duty of " the Congress?"
Clearly to heed its utterances as absolutely as
though it were so written in the body of the in-
strument. Hence I hold " the Congress" has the
power, and it is its duty to submit, and the sev-
eral States have power to ratify, any amendment
which comes within the averments of this pream-
ble. This is not because it is so written therein,
but it results from the high consideration that this
preamble announces the true objects of govern-
ment, proclaims primeval truth, and being in con-
sonance with the divine will as read in nature
and in revelation, human laws may not infractor
abrogate any of its provisions; but on the con-
trary they should conform the letter of the Con-
stitution to its requirements. This is a doctrine
which has " its home in the human heart." These
last words are the language of the honorable gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Pendleton,] used in
vindication of the nghtof revolution. I use them
in vindication of the eternal principles which, un-
obstructed,would render revolutions unnecessary.
The same honorable gentleman, warming with
his subject, exclaims, " Can three fourths of the
States make fin amendment to the Constitution of
the United States which shall prohibit the State
of Ohio from havins: two Houses in its Legisla-
tive Assembly ?" He adds, " It is not forbidden
in the Constitution, the letterof the Constitution
is not against it. Why is it," continues he, " this
change cannotbe made ? I will tell why," he con-
cludes; " it is because republicanism lies at the
very foundation of our system of government."
Is this the true reason ? I submit in this illustra-
tion the honorable gentleman does equal injus-
tice to his reading as also to his logic. He ought
to know that no one claims the power to make
wanton or useless amendments to this instrument.
Indeed, the clause authorizing amendments to the
Constitution expressly limits " the Congress" to
amendments which it shall deem necessary. Ne-
cessary for what? Clearly for the general good.
He also knows that no law ever enacted can be
justified upon any other pretense; that the organi-
zation of society is a necessity, and that the sim-
plest law and the mildest form of government are
infractions of natural liberty, and are permitted
only from the necessities of man. Hence all states-
men agree that the fewer laws, the least restraint
upon personal rights in carrying on Government
compatible with executive force and perpetuity,
the nearer such Government approaches perfec-
tion. The justice and the necessity of the case
is the true test under all circumstanccs, whether
a law or a provision in a constitution is essential.
By this rule I would try each case.
Hence I apprehend it does not follow that be-
cause " three fourths of the States" may not do
an unnecessary and foolish thing, that therefore
they may not do a necessary and wise act. 1 would
reply to the honorable gentleman's illustration, the
reason why three fourths of the States may not
so amend the Constitution as to prohibit the Le-
gislature of Ohio from having two Houses is be-
cause it is unnecessary for the promotion of any
general good. Suppose it could be demonstrated
that the existence of tw'o separate Houses in the
Legislature of Ohio, in its practical and legitimate
working, proved destructive of the rights, liber-
ties, tranquillity, and prosperity of the honorable
gentleman's constituents, and subversive of the
foundations of the General Government, what
would the honorable gentleman then say ? Then
the cases were parallel. No one pretends that it
is enough to warrant an amendment to the Con-
stitution that it does not conflict with its express
letter. There must be some great necessity for
it. The other illustrations given by the honorable
gentleman upon this point are equally irrelevant
and frivolous. Were the matter in court, upon
proper application, they would be stricken out as
such.
I conclude, therefore, that " the Congress"has
the power under the Constitution to propose
amendments thereto when two thirds thereof shall
deem it necessary, and that three fourths of the
several States may approve of or reject such prop-
ositions at will. This being so, the necessity or
expediency of the measure remains.
A few words upon these points and I have
done. Were it not for certain erroneous adju-
dications of our State and Federal courts, I ap-
prehend the proposed amendment were wholly
unnecessary. I am firm in the faith that the Con-
stitution of the United States, properly interpreted,
would tolerate no slave within its jurisdiction.
Slavery and our cumulated woes have grown out
of an erroneous construction of the provisions of
this instrument. There is no law by virtue of
which man can be held as property. Were such
laws enacted, being in direct conflict with the
" foundation idea"ufour Constitution, they would
be void. In this I am sustained by the honora-
ble gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Pendleton,] who
says, " Congress can no more make a slave than
it can make a king." His object, however, was
to show, if Congiess cannot make a slave, there-
fore it cannot unmake one. But if Congress
"cannot make a slave," pray how can a State?
Has Congress as much legislative power as hos
a State Legislature ? Nay; the honorable gentle-
man is right in his assertion; and I wilf affirm
that no legislative power under the jurisdiction
of our Constitution can make a slave. If this
is true, the necessity of this amendment arises
from the erroneous adjudications of our courts.
They, notwithstanding the great doctrincs of the
Constitution, have recognized property in man.
Hence the necessity of a provision positively
inhibiting slavery in any of the United States.
Sir, it is sometimes alleged that the framers of
the Constitution entered into a compromise upon
the subject of slavery prior to its adoption. This
I deny. This compromise was not between free-
dom and slavery, but it was a compromise solely
between the majority and the minority of the peo-
ple of the United States. Had there beenacom-
promise between freedom and slavery, the repre-
sentatives of the latter would have demanded the
insertion of a clause in the Constitution similar
to the amendment proposed by Mr. Crittenden,
of Kentucky, m 1861, which the honorable gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Pendleton] voted "for.
It reads as follows:
"No amendment shall hp made to the Constitution which
will authnrizp or ijivo to the power to abolish or
interfere within am State with the. domestic institutions
thereof, including that ol persons held to labor or service
by the laws of said State."
The majority agreed never to insert any new
provision into the organic act unless two thirds
of the Congress should deem it necessary, and
then three fourths of the States should approve
of it before it should be valid. Thus guarded
the minority undertook and provided that they
would yield obedience to all and any changes thus
inaugurated and approved; provided always they
did not conflict with the letter or the spirit of this
organic act.
