1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1253
this country which we could not tax, from the
fact that the reciprocity treaty allowed lumber to
come in from the British provinces without tax-
ation. That will have to be provided for. This
isa subject of the samekind. Why not saythat
after the reciprocity treaty expires there shall be
-a duty on lumber? I say there must be legisla-
tion on this whole subject; it will have to be ar-
ranged, and this is one of the matters that can
then be arranged very well.
I know that Senators who understand this ques-
tion do not wish to destroy this interest, in which
there are two hundred thousand tons of little ves-
sels engaged. Those vessels belong to poor men,
scattered along the coast on the rocky points,
where nothing can grow. They have perhaps a
little patch, big enough for a garden, which their
wives and children cultivate while they are away
on the ocean, catching those fish, in the summer.
It is not the intention of Senators to destroy this
interest, to drive these men from their homes, by
such legislation as shall prevent them from making
the scanty living ^vhich they now get for their
wives and families. Already the fishermen of the
provinces bring into our market at least half as
many fish as we catch ourselves and sell them
every year. I ask you not to legislate so as to
destroy these men and this interest, which you
will do if you repeal this bounty without pro-
viding some protection to them, by either taking
off the duty on salt or putting a duty on the prod-
uct, the fish which tjie Nova Scotians bring in.
I have been told fcy intelligent men, fishermen,
that the duty which they paid upon salt this year
was a great deal more than their bounty. They
cannot go into Nova Scotia and buy it, because
they have to take their salt on board and have
their vessels inspected before they go away, and
they have to make oath that the duty on every
bushel of salt they have used in curing fish has
been paid on it before they can get the bounty.
1 know it is not the intention of the Senators
here to destroy them; but what object in the world
can there be in legislating at this time? It does
not save any money to the Treasury this year.
Congress will be in session again next year and
will have abundance of time to consider the sub-
ject in all its aspects, and to make such legisla-
tion as is required to adjust the thing equitably,
to consider the amount of duty that should be put
upon the fish if that should be the course taken,
and I think it will be best to'put a little duty on
the fish, sufficient to give our fishermen the ne-
cessary protection, so that they can pay the duty
on their salt. If you should take off the bounty,
I do not think it would starve the fishermen en-
tirely. They might go down to the provinces
and buy their salt, and you would gain nothing
by the operation. Probably many of them would
be obliged to you for that. They have gota class
of vessels that are fit for nothing else. They are
little narrow-shaped vessels built expressly for
this business, entirely unsuitable to the coasting
trade or any other business except the fishing
business, and the effect of this legislation which
it is here proposed to adopt, if carried out with-
out other legislation, would be merely to transfer
all the trade from the United States down to the
British provinces. The fisherman would take
his crew on board and his ballast in and go right
down to Nova Scotia and buy his salt, and have
his sails made there and buy there what cordage
he wants, and buy his tea, coffee, and sugar there
without any duty, as lis has aright to do for con-
sumption on board his vessel; and so the Gov-
ernment would actually be the loser by it.
There seems to be a great desire on the part of
some gentlemen to make this repeal at this time.
When the,Senator from Illinois said this was a
" pretense" I felt hurt. I did notget up to reply
to him, but I felt hurt that the Senator should say
that I was here under a pretense. I never act
under pretenses. If there is anything that I pride
myself on, it is that when you see me outside
you see me all through. I would not for all the
fishing bounty that has ever been paid to our fish-
ermen stand up here and advocate a thing under
a pretense. Nothing buta sense of right or wrong
would induce me to state athing to the Senate.
I suggested to the Senate that this whole mat-
ter be allowed to lay over. I am as much in favor
of'repealing this bounty as any Senator in this
Chamber. I want to see it repealed. I have felt
annoyed and humiliated for years when I have
read the debates of this Chamber and seen New
England sneered at because she was getting a
bounty ! I do not want any bounty, but I plead
for these poor men who have invested under the
acts of Congress with the expectation of having
some protection to their interests in some way.
Do not destoy them and cut them up root and
branch by your legislation. You would not for
a moment think of taxing any manufactured arti-
cle, and then allow the foreign article made in a
country where labor is cheaper than in this to
come in free. In England salt growa in the
ground; they dig it out of the ground and they get
it there for four shillings a pound, four shillings
for thirty bushels, and our fishermen are paying
seven dollars for a hogshead of eight bushels of
salt to cure their fish. Does any Senator tell me
that these men can pay seven dollars for eight
bushels of salt, go down to the fishing grounds,
cure their fish and salt them, and bring them into
the market side by side with the fishermen of the
British provinces who get their salt for twenty-
five or thirty cents a bushel, and who get their
tea and coffee and their cordage untaxed ? It
ca.nnot be.
I know Senators do not mean to adopt such
legislation. Then why not let the whole subject
go over and be arranged hereafter ? It will be a
very good time for it when the question of re-
arranging the question of the reciprocity treaty
shall come up. Then we can consider the pro-
priety of giving protection not only to this article
but many other articles that are manufactured in
the British provinces and which ought to be taxed
in order to protect our own people. It will help
to facilitate that adjustment, perhaps, if we leave
this question to be settled then. 1 trust the Sen-
ate will let it go over till next year. Nothing
will be forwarded by making this repeal now.
Every Senator can see that.
Mr. ANTHONY. Let us vote.
Mr. FARWELL. I am ready to vote. I do
not like to talk; it is the last thing I like to do.
I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 desire simply to say
that I certainly did not mean any reflection on
my friend from Maine. I do not think 1 used
the word " pretense;" I spoke of " subterfuge."
Mr. FARWELL. Is that a better word ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I had reference to the
moving of these amendments. I supposed they
were amendments designed to defeat the measure.
I did not speak of them as pretenses or subter-
fuges of the individuals. I only had reference to
the parliamentary mode of proceeding, that when
members are opposed to a particular measure
they resort to motions and amendments to save
as much as they can and to prevent action. I
did not mean it in any personal sense.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, Chandler, Cowan,
Davis, Henderson, Hendricks, Howard, Lane uf Indiana,
Powell, Riddle, Sherman, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wilkin-
son, Willey, and Wiight—J7.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Clark, Conness,Farwell, Fos-
ter, Hale, Lane of Kansas, McDougall, Moigan, INloirill,
Nye, Ramsey, Sprague, Stewart, Sumner, and Wilson—16.
ABSENT—-Messis. Garble, Collamer, j)ixon, Doolmle,
Foot, Grimes, Harding, Harlan, Harris, Howe, Johnson,
Nesmith, Pomeroy, Richardson, Saulsbury, Ten Eyck. and
Wade—17.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EUCKALEW. 1 move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is but one more
amendment. The last amendment to the bill is
disposed of already by the action on the fifth sec-
tion. I hope the vote may be taken on the post-
age question, and either voted in or out.
Mr. HENDRICKS. On that I wish to ask
the chairman just one question 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is to adjourn.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The question I ask of
the chairman is whether the language of the sec-
tion in regard to postage is the language of the
old law ?
Mr. BUCKALEW. I withdraw the motion
to adjourn.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President .
Mr. SHERMAN. Let the section be read.
The Secretary read the nextaisendment, which
was to insert as a new section:
Sec. —. Jlitd be it further enacted, That, in lieu of the
present rates of postage on letters, there shall be charged,
from and after thy 1st day of July next, for every single
letter in manuscript, or paper of any kind in which Infor-
mation shall be asked for or communicated in writing or
by signs or marks, conveyed in tile mails, five cents; and
for a double or other multiple letter there shall be charged
an increased rate according to the present rates, five cents
being computed the unit instead of three cents.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now I can answer the ques-
tion of the Senator from Indiana. The only
change is increasing the rate of postage from three
to five cents. The language is precisely the same.
Mr. POWELL. 1 have an amendment to the
amendment to add:
And that from and after the 1st day of June, 1865, all
acts or parts of acts granting or allowing the franking priv-
ilege be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate adjourn.
The question being put, there were, on a di-
vision—ayes 16, noes 15.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 1, 1865.
The Housemetateleveno'clock,a.m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Channino.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
CHARLES a. PITCHER.
Mr. HALE. I ask unanimous consent that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the bill (S. No. 338) entitled " An act for
the relief of Charles A. Pitcher."
Mr. ALLISON. I object.
Mr. HALE. I move to suspe'nd the rules for
the purpose of discharging the Committee of the
Whole from the consideration of the bill.
The motion was not agreed to.
SUSPENSION OF JOINT KtJLES.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Cobb, one
of their clerks, announced that the Senate had
passed the following resolution, in which they
requested the concurrence of the House:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representatives
concurring,) That the )6th and 17th joint rules of the two
Houses be suspended during the remainder of the present ^
session.
The House proceeded to the consideration of
the resolution.
Mr. HALE. Let those rules be read.
Mr. STEVENS. This is the resolution which
is always passed at the end of the session.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
16th and 17th joint rules.
The Clerk read, as follows:
((J6. No bill that shall have passed one House shall be
sent for concurrence to the other on either of the three «
last days of the session. ir*
«17. No hill or resolution that shall have passed the
House of Representatives and the Senate shall be presented
to the President of the United States for his approbation
on the last day of the session."
The SPEAKER. These rules are always sus-
pended at this stage of the session. The Chair
thinks that they might as well be abolished.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the resolution was concurred in.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the resolution was
concurred in; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on bill H. R. No. 795, amendatory of
certain acts imposing duties upon foreign impor-
tations.
Mr. ASHLEY. Will the gentleman yield to
me a moment?
Mr. MORRILL. Yes, sir.
Mr. ASHLEY. I move that this evening,
between seven and eight o'clock, bills on the
Speaker's table be taken up and disposed of.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
Mr. MORRILL. Pending the motion I have
already made, on conference with gentlemen on
both sides of the House, learning that there is no
disposition further to discuss the tariff bill except
