488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
But it is said that the organic law intervenes
and prevents the infliction of that just punishment;
that somehow we have made a bargain that, come
•what will, we will not be allowed to rid the Gov-
ernment of slavery. If this be so, it is a gross
' defect in our organization. It makes slavery the
"unpardonable sin" which no repentance can
avail to rid ourselves of.
But how is this? Slavery is eminently a crea-
ture of law. No jurist maintains that it exists
ex proprio vigore. No advocate of the system
would rest it in anything short of well-defined
law. Without the aid of positive enactments it
dies. I know that nowhere in this country has it
been established in terms. No statute in any State
has said that hereafter slavery shall exist here;
but it has done what is equivalent. It has gone
into the detail of management, sale, conveyance,
and descent of property in slaves. It has made a
body of laws which have been dependent upon
slavery as the central fact. Abolish them, and
you abolish slavery. I say, then, slavery isevery-
where the creature of positive law.
• How is it, then, that the supreme law cannot
reach so important a detail in local law?
The States gave certain rights to the General
Government, and upon this the General Govern-
ment started as a stock m trade. They stipulated
in the original instrument that whenever, upon
proper preliminary proceedings, three fourths of
their number should agree to a further grant of
power, then the General Government should have
that pov/er.
But it is said there are limits. Of course there
are. Kut what? Are any to be found in the
instrument itself? None.
It is suggested that they are to be found in the
preamble. But can anybody examine the pre-
amble and say that practically it lias any limits?
It says:
" We, tlie people of the United States, in order to form
a in«rc prrlrct if.iion, r.-raldi.-h ju^tier, insure donif^ue
tranquillity* provide fur tin.- common delouse, piomoio tin;
general wcltaic. ami sreuii: [In- blessing* of hbeity lo our-
selves and our po^tetuy, do otd.un and <^tahli^li iim> Con-
stitution lor the United Status of America."
But what Government known among Christian
nations might not adopttho same preamble, and,
with show of reason, J'latn its standpoint, adopt
the stum1 declaration?
It is so general as not even to specify the form
of government which itintended to be established.
Should the people of England, Ireland, and Scot-
land choose to reduce their constitution to writing,
"what would prevent the adoption of this pre-
amble ?
But the understanding, it is said, among the
original contractors should govern. Can this rule
prevail against positive enactment? 1 will not tit-
tempt to go into the history of the formation of
this instrument. That lms already been well done
by able gentlemen who have preceded me. IJut I
invoke the well-known rule ofcom-muction in or-
dinary contracts, that when the wiuteri a-r>vo>no it
is not dubious, all previous debate, is niched in
it, and must be excluded from consideiation in
forming a judgment upon it.
Is the provision for amendment at all doubtful
in its import? No one pretends that it 13. The
language speaks as plainly as language can, that
any amendment which shall be made in accord-
ance with its provisms shall become ,part of the
instrument. Hero is the provision:
" The Congress, when ever two thnd^ofboth Houses <hr\ll
deem it ncee.-Miy, *hal! pioptM4 amendments tofhif Con-
feUUU.on,or, on tilt; application ot the LeaMiitjnea of two
thirdh of Hue M-ver.i! State.-, call a convention torpro-
pohinw 'imoiidmcntSj vvtneli, in eithei e<e-e, -~li.il! be valid to
all intents and purpo-e-^, a-* p,irtor'itu? Con-thurion, when
ratified by three amahs ot the l,et;i-iatuie-> of tliescvot.il
States or by conventions in tince touulis thereof, the
onu or tho oilier mode of taiitic.Uam may be piopo>ed by
the Connies*.; piovuied that no aineudwnt nineh may ho
Hindi"- prior to tin; year IHOR-diatl in any nirinnei affect the
ftr>t and fourth clauses in the ninth section of the lir-t arti-
cle ; and that no State, without its consent, shall be de-
prived of ltd equal suffrage m the Senate."
Except, then, the cases excepted in the provis-
ion I have read, and the power of amendment is
unlimited in its terms.
And still there i« a limit. What is it? It k the
limit of.>J1 tmM?n Jaw. All publicists a^ree that
there is a limir to human law, no matter what may
be the form of government. The nations'religion
must necessarily contiol its written law. The
best English writers upon law say this, and we
.need not their authority or anybody's authority
to establish the proposition. Everyman's reli-
gion is his sense of ultimate right. With us the
thing goes up in regular gradation. The town
is subordinate to the State. The State acknowl-
edges the General Government to be superior.
The General Government is inferior in law, as in
everything else,to the great Ruler of events.
Higher-law doctrine, I know; but who does
not acknowledge it? Whatman takes the other
position, that his highest notions of morality are
in the statutes? Would not honest men do well
to play shy of such a man? Whoever knew a
man who acted in accordance with the rule that
he would deal with others no better than the law
obliges him to do and did not pronounce him a
scoundrel? Have we not all seen such men, and
do they not oppress their neighbors by "getting
the law of them" as they call it?
Nor is this the fault of the law. Every hu-
man law is neccssaiily imperfect. It cannot pro-
vide for all imaginable cases. And ingenious
scoundrels will find opportunity to inflict wrong
while actir^g within its provisions.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Pendleton]
who argued this question the other day put speci-
fied cases where it was manifest the General Gov-
ernment ought not to interfere with the States.
Hut logically the force of those illustrations
was derived from this higher law. In the in-
stances put the General Government should not
act, because it would be unjust. Neither he nor
any other gentleman has put a case, within the
proper limit of human law, which the power of
an amended Constitution may not reach.
Men of science recognize the same rule of higher
law. Some years since the corps of the Coast
Survey came into my county in pursuance of its
duties along our coast. They made a base line.
The object was to find two points exactly six
miles apart. To do this was the work of months.
The most elaborate instruments were obtained.
The expansion and contraction of metals was
thoroughly considered. And after all the prepa-
ration, that experience and science could suggest
was exhausted,ample time was taken in the meas-
urement. All this being done, the nioat exact
result possible was obtained. And the line got
w.is just six miles long, no more and no less.
Thousands of dollars expended and months of
time had produced this precise thing. From this
sprang triangulation along the coast, and meas-
urements by instruments the most perfect known
to man. One would think these intelligent gen-
tlemen would have rested satisfied with this. But
no; all this was fallible like every other human
fll'ort. They appealed to the higher law for cor-
lectioli.
Their work was submitted to the law that gov-
erns the stars. The heavens were explored,and
ultimate accuracy was only obtained when Uwas
ascertained that the work done on the face of the
earth m;ieetl with the deductions to be drawn from
the com sing of the stai s m the heavens; for these
wise men well knew that the celestial orbs moved
with unerring accuracy, knowing no variableness
since thoCreatorofall threw them into space with
the mandate:
" Roll on in your beauty, ye youthful spheic*,
And weave the dance that measuics the years."
Adopting this rule, certainly there can be no
objection to the proposed amendment to the Con-
stitution. The higher law not only sanctions, it
demands in thunder tones that the system shall
be eradicated without delay, and no vestige be left,
to annoy God or curse man.
Let it then be done, and let slavery be destroyed.
And hereafter the only contest upon the subject
will be who did the most to bring about this
consummation so devoutly wished for by all good
men. The earlier anti-slavery men shall have their
full meed of praise. Tney did well. They brought
the wrongs inherent in the institution to the atten-
tion of the people of the country. They would
not be put down at the bidding of the imperious
advocates of the system. But the system flour-
ished under their attacks. Itgrew rich and strong,
it waxed fat. How long it would have lived God
only knows, if it had not injured itself. But it was
not content. It destroyed itself. Our Davids were
rot powerful enough to inflict a mortal blow upon i
this modern Gohah, and Heaven would have it
that the giant wrong of the age should commit
suicide.
And when the genius of history shall write its
epitaph on the walls of the great Hereafter, speci-
fying the date of its death, short stay will it make
in describing its virtues; but after cataloguing a por-
tion of the great crimes it hits committed aaairist
mankind, it will add, " Dead, dead not of Lloyd
Garrison and Wendell Pliilhps, but dead of Jeffer-
son Davis and the Montgomery constitution."
God speed the day of its burial, for with it as
the creator ends this war of its creation, and lib-
erty and peace shall come hand in hand and bless
the continent with their presence.
Mr. ASHLEY obtained the floor.
And then, on motion of Mr. THAYER, (at
three o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 30, 18G5.
Prayer by Rev. B. H. Nadal, D. D.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Interior com-
municating, in answer to a resolution of the Senate
of the 17th instant, information in relation to the
expenses of maintaining the jail in the Districtof
Columbia for the years 1803 and 1864; which was
referred to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of War communicating, in answer to a
resolution of the Senale of the 10th instant, ti
complete list of all the major and bngadier gen-
erals in the volunteer forces of the United States,
showing where and how they were employed on
the 1st day of January, 1865; which was ordered
to lie on the table, and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of War communicating, in answer to
a resolution of the Senate of the 23d instant, in-
formation in relation to the report and evidence
taken by a military commission, of which Gen-
eral Speed S. Fry was president, appointed to in-
vestigate the conduct of General Paine m and
about Paducaiij Kentucky; which was oideredto
he on the table, and be punted.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. MORGAN presented a petition of female
employes in the Treasury Department, praying
for an increase of salary; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. POMEROY presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Kansas, requesting thata sufficient
military force be placed in the hands of Major
General Curtis, commanding that department, to
enable him to give sufficient and ample protection
to the frontier of that State and the overland and
Santa Fc routes against Indian depredations;
winch were referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. POWELL presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Kentucky, protesting against tax-
ing leaf tobacco; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr 130 WARD presented a petition of citizens
of Michigan, praying for a grant of land to aid in
the construction ofaship canal from Portage Lake
to Lake Superior; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of Michigan in favor of a grant of land to aid
in the construction of a ship canal from Portage
Lake to Lake Superior; which were refeired to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr, SUMNER presented the petition of John
P. Brown, secretary and dragoman of the legation
of the United States of America at Constanti-
nople, praying compensation for services ren-
deied the United States m the capacity of charge
d'affaires, ad interim; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of officers of
the seventh Army coins, piaying for an increase
of the pay of Army otHceis; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
Mr. DOOLTTTLE presented a petition of offi-
cers of the volunteer army of the United States
praying for an ineiease of their pfty; which wa;!
icferred to the Committee on Military Allan's and
the Militia.
Mr. HARWELL presented a petition of ship-
masters, merchants, and ship-owners on the coast
