1254
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
on the part of two or three gentlemen, I ask by
unanimous consent that the debate shall be limited
to five minutes each to the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] and the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.]
Mr. WARD. I hope the gentleman will give
me five minutes.
Mr. PIKE. Dogs the gentleman propose to
limit the debate to ten minutes on the whole bill ?
Mr. MORRILL. Yes, sir; on the whole bill,
after the Committee of the Whole on the stateof
the Union shall resume its consideration.
Mr. PIKE. 1 want to be heard for five min-
utes on the next section.
Mr. DAWES. Before the gentleman makes
his motion I desire to ask unanimous consent of
the House to have an evening session for the pur-
pose of considering the election cases.
The SPEAKER. That can he made pending
a motion to go into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. DAWES. I do not intend to occupy more
than an hour or an hour and a half.
Mr. STEVENS. We have some appropria-
tion bills yet to dispose of, and unless we pass
them to-day I do not know how they can be con-
sidered in the Senate. If we have an evening
session it ought to be to consider the appropria-
tion bills.
Mr. DAWES. I am willing to leave the mat-
ter to the House. I accept the condition of things
as I find it. 1 only desire to discharge my duties
td the claimants. If the House thinks that other
business is of more consequence, I will accept the
vote as an indication of that fact. 1 wish myself
simply and solely to present those cases fairly to
the House, and have its action in regard to them.
The SPEAKER. (Questions in regard to the
business of the House must be dccided without
debate.
Mr. DAWES. I move that two hours of this
evening's session shall be set apart for action on
the Louisiana election cases.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that all debate on
the tariff bill in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union be closed in thirty minutes,
to he divided into ten minutes on each section.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, i ask now that the vote be
taken on the motion to go into committee.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the stateof the Union,
(Mr. Littlejohn in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the
TARIFF BILL.
The CHAIRMAN stated the pending question
to be on strikingoutthc words "On iron barsfor
railroads or inclined planes, fifteen cents per one
hundred pounds."
Mr. GRISWOLD. Mr. Chairman, I desire to
say n word or two on this motion in answer to the
remarks of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Davis,] and other gentlemen who discussed this
subject yesterday previous to the adjournment.
First, let me say to the gentleman from New York
that the inferences he drew from the secret circu-
larsigned by the representatives ofEnghsh manu-
facturers of railroad iron and circulated among
the members of Congress were entirely incorrect
and delusive.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. Inasmuch as the
gentleman has referred to a secret circular, I de-
sire to sny that f never saw it till this morning.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I meant no disparagement
of the gentleman from New York, i know that
a circular of that kind has been circulated among
the members of this House, and that the gentle-
man's statements and arguments were so nearly
identical with those of that circular that I was
led to the inference that he drew his information
from that source. I desire to say, Mr. Chair-
man, that so far from the requirements and con-
sumption of railroad iron in this country being
beyond the ability of production here, thatmany
mi/Is are in want of orders, and from indications
will before the close of the year stand idle. The
average annual consumption of railway iron in
this country for the last ten years has been only
one hundred and twenty thousand tons. The
product last year of the rolling-mills of the coun-
try was three hundred thousand tons, and their
capacity this year, as reported from the proprie-
tors of the mills, is over five hundred thousand
tons. The capacity of our mills is therefore far
beyond the consumption ofthe country. So much
for this argument of the gentleman.
Now, then, in answer to my very enthusiastic
free-trade friend from Ohio, whom I do not now
see in his seat, [Mr. Cox,] I desire to say that he
is making a mistake if he supposes that he is only
assaulting injuriously the State of Pennsylvania
in his position upon this great interest. I desire
him to understand that in other States of our
Union the iron interest has become or is fast be-
coming an important one. His own State of
Ohio stands prominent in this class; and there are
furnaces to-day standing idle there because of
the present depression in the prices of pig iron.
The fires of other furnaces will soon go out under
the system of legislation advocated by him. It
is not Pennsylvania alone that demands consider-
ation for this great branch of national business.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman yield to me a
moment?
Mr. GRISWOLD. The gentleman will have
an opportunity when I get through. My time
will not permit me to yield to the gentleman.
Mr. COX. The gentleman misrepresents me.
Mr. GRISWOLD. In reference to the position
of the gentleman from Iowa, a member of the
Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Kasson,]
1 desire to express my astonishment. Thatgentle-
man is usually clear and comprehensive in his
views; and I repeat my amazement that upon a
question of this kind, so important in its bearings
upon a great interest of the country, he should
permit himself to take a view so entirely narrow
and inconsistent. Does the gentleman suppose
that by striking down this great branch of the
iron interests of the country he will promote the
welfare of the great West which he represents?
Does he think their rums will prove an adequate
foundation on which to build the great rail way
avenues of communication throughout the West,
of which he says they stand in so much need?
Does he believe the policy he now advocates will
lend to develop the resources and extend the in-
terests of the*great West which he represents
here?
The committee of which he is so prominent a
member (Ways and Means) provided,at thelast
session of Congress, for a direct interna! revenue
of about seven dollars per ton of rails. They
added other taxes which would indirectly increase
the cost to the producer of rails in this country
three dollars additional per ton, making in all ten
dollars per ton, thus providing for the contribu-
tion of at least ยง5,000,000 per annum to the Treas-
ury of the country. At the same session the for-
eign duty on this product wasreduced from $13 50
to $13 40 per ton, thus legislating a difference
of ten dollars per ton in favor of the foreign pro-
ducer. Under these laws the only protection
which the American producer now has against
the cheap labor of foreign manufactures is three
dollars per ton.
Let me say to the gentleman from Iowa that he
cannot extract from this great interest the large
contribution to the Treasury of the country
which he anticipates if the policy of our legisla-
tion shall be such as he advocates on this ques-
tion. He will be able to deduct no new moral by
killing the goose from which he anticipates his
golden eggs.
[Here ihc hammer fell.]
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Giuswold] talksaboutstrikingdown
the iron interest. Why, the iron interest is the
most prosperous in the country. It is coining
money absolutely faster than the Mintevercoined
it, or any other interest. No interest is making
money as the iron interest is this very day and
hour. It is not Pennsylvania alone that is in-
terested, but it is my own State also. I represent
constituents who are making annually $250,000
and $500,000 out of the iron mines of Pennsyl-
vania, the interest being mainly owned in New
York. Strike down an interest like that, an in-
terest before all others which existin this country !
I think sometimes I have returned to the barba-
rous-ages instead of being in an American assem-
bly; that I am in a Chinese body of deliberation,
when I hear of a prohibition upon railroad iron,
or of any other iron. This never was an Ameri-
can system,but a Chinese system. Asan ancient
Whig, as a relic of the past, I protest against the
doctrine of a prohibitory tariff, and I never ad-
vocated it. All that we asked was that protec-
tion to American industry which was incidental
and nevor prohibitory. But the proposition here
is a prohibitory one. That is not an American
system, I repeat; it is a Chinese system which is
now proposed to be introduced to the people of
this country.
But there are other interests in this country be-
side iron, such as ships, commerce, and naviga-
tion. I plead for the sailor, for the merchant, for
the flag they carry over the whole earth. Com-
merce hasbeen mainly sweptaway, in a very great
degree, by this war, and by an almost prohibitory
tariff. There are few or no sailors but those on
board of transports of war. And now here is a
proposition, when the iron-mongers are abso-
lutely coining money, to add ihree dollars addi-
tional protection. And in the names of the mer-
chants upon the coast, in the names of the sailors
who are hereafter to live by the freighting business,
of iron as well as many other things, 1 call the at-
tention ofthe House to that multitudinous class,
and ask them to forget the oligarchy of the iron
aristocracy whoave this day coining money as no
other interest in the country ever coined it.
Mr. STEVENS. That was not the voice that
issued from a Whig gentleman of fifteen years.
Then he stood with Henry Clay and the rest of
us for protecting American industry against the
pauper labor of Europe. Bat like many others,
his conversion from one point tfl Locofocoism has
involved his conversion to all of them; they have
been carried over into the ranks of our old oppo-
nents.
I was not at all astonished yesterday at the doc-
trines promulgated by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Cox,] who has always been a frank and free
advocate of free trade. His course, therefore,
was consistent and manly, however erroneous
those on this side of the House may consider it.
But I was a little surprised to hear my friend from
Iowa [Mr. Kasson] who is on the Committee of
Ways and Means, advocate free trade. But I
was very much astonished at the course of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] who
went, it seems to me, beyond John C. Calhoun
himself, and that, too, without knowing all the
facts about which he was talking.
1 know that last year we added seven dollars
a ton to the internalduty upon railroad iron,and
as we did in all other cases, we in the committee
reported a compensating duty upon the foreign ar-
ticle. But while it was adopted on every other
article, we refused the twenty cents a hundred
pounds which had been reported as a compensa-
tion upon railroad iron. What was the result? The
result was-that although beforethat ourmills had
commenced to be prosperous, and those who had
large stocks on hand when the price was raised
made large sums, yet the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] is mistaken as to their now
making money; for, on the other hand,they are
now stopping operations, and the result was that
one hundred and twenty-odd thousand tons of rail-
road iron were imported last year, requiring as
they did over two hundred and fifty thousand
tons of pig metal. Thus it took from our manu-
facturers the manufacture oftwo hundred and fifty
thousand tons of pig metal andgave it to the man-
ufacturers of Europe; and while our pig iron,
under the excited gold market, was selling at sev>
enty-five dollars a ton, it is now less than twenty-
five dollars a ton, causing an actual loss of four
or five dollars a ton upon the present cost of man-
ufacture. Although for some one single year they
may have made large amounts, yet when you
take any large capitalist in the iron business for
ten years, it will be found that he has not made
three per cent, interest upon his capital.
Now, in regard to the facts of my friend from
New York, [Mr. Brooks.] He speaks of its re-
quiring three hundred thousand tons of railroad
iron for the roads in the country. Now, the
full estimate, made from actual data, by statisti-
cians from all parts of the Union, never has car-
ried it beyond one hundred and twenty-five thou-
sand tons. Last year our mills had increased to
a capacity of three hundred thousand tons; and
this day I can show, from figures seating the ca-
pacity of every rolling-mill in the country, that
the capacity of all the rolling-mills in the United
States is six hundred and twenty-two thousand
