490
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
"It is worthy of remark that this alteration of the bid
Sn this price of oil, from $1 40 a gallon to $1 68 a gallon,
is very adroitly made by a careful erasure of 40, and 68
written over the place, evidently intended 1o mislead the
observer, and done to induce the belief that §1 68 was ttie
original bid; and the same, substantially, is true of very
many of the other alterations before mentioned, though some
of them appear to have been openly and boldly made. It
is difficult to perceive why, if these alteuuions were hon-
estly made, in good faith, when the. bidder had a clear right
to make them, there should have been such a manliest in-
tention to mislead or deceive."
These alterations were pointed out by Mr.
Smith, of Boston, who has had to suffer for it, I
was going to say more than the Government: but
they have been both pretty severe sufferers. The
pamphlet of Mr. Smith pointing out these gross
. frauds was furnished to the Secretary of the Navy,
and by the Secretary submitted to the several
heads of bureaus, and they were asked for an
explanation. They took a very substantial way
of explanation: they denied the whole thing. Mr.
John Lenthall, chief of the Bureau of Construc-
tion, said:
"The bids have been examined,as well as the schedule
made at the opening, and, to the hot of my judgment, there
liave been no alterations made further than in some cases
to change the incorrect amounts ftom the lectifications
made on the margins of the bids; and I do not believe tliey
.have been in any way tampered with."
Now, sir, I will give you the testimony of Mr.
Lenthall's chief clerk:
" In reply to this opinion of Mr. Leuthall,that there had
been no tampering with th." buU, it may be remaiked that
Mr. Farwell, the chief cleik of Mr. Lenthall's bureau, at
Ills examination before the committee in teference to a num-
ber of Scofield's bid«*,and of hockwood & Colilns's, which
appeared to the committee on examination to contain so
many alterations and eiasures in thewuting and in the fig-
ures as not to he worthy of credit, in that immediate con-
nection testified as follows, namely: * I do-sire to state, in
this connection, that 1 recommended, at the time these hids
weie opened, that they should be rejected as being defaced
and as being uncertain, ii being doubtful what the liguies
meant; but these bids were all rei'eircdto the Department,
and such of them as weie awarded were ordered to be
awarded by the Department. Uolhns's bids are or the same
general nature all the way thiongh.' Your committee are
inclined to agree in opinion with the clerk rather than the
chief; and so far as the appeaiunee of those bids is consid-
ered, if they do notexhibit unmist-ikahlc evidence of liand-
iilent tampering, if is difficult to conceive wh.it evidence
would establish that fact. Indeed, it may be said griier-
olly of these hid* exhibited to the committee by tins witness
that a worse exhibition of papery for wlneli any eiedit was
claimed, never was made to any tribunal."
That is only one of a hundred cases. What
was the result of this investigation ? What was
the result of laying these facts before the Senate?
The witness through whose instrumentality they
were made known, as I mentioned on Saturday,
was immediately seized by order of the Navy
Department, his store taken possession of, his
private papers seized, his wife's desk and private
papers taken, and lie was sent down to Port
Warren and held there, and denied intercourse
with his friends, under a bail of $500,000; and he
was to be kept there until lie could procure bail
for that sum. Indignation beginning to he ex-
cited about it, the man guilty of this outrage con-
sented, as I before rrmaiked,to take $480,000 off
the bail, and he was let out for $'20,000.
I was asked, I think, by the Senator from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Davis] if Mr. Smith was arrested for
giving this information. Sir, it is impossible for
me to scan the motives of men; it is enough for
me to deal with my own; but, standing here un-
der all the responsibilities which attach to me,
fond as any man of what little reputation belongs
to me, careful of my woid, I think, as most men,
I aver before the Senate, before the country,and
before God, that I have not a shadow of doubt
that the sole offense for which Mr. Smith was
arrested was the evidence that he gave upon this
occasion. And in that connection I have a re-
markable statement to make in regard to these
tribunals. The man who ordered this outrageous
arrest, the man who perpetrated this outrage in
Boston, compared to which the proceedings of
Turkey are civilized and the Inquisition is a ten-
der mercy, being remonstrated with on another
occasion against sending these cases to naval and
military courts-rfiartial, and being asked why he
did not take the ordinary courts, made this re-
markable avowal: "Your civil courts are organ-
ized to acquit; we organize courts to convict!"
If thete was some friend of the individual refeired
to here to deny it, without stirring out of my
tracks* I would prove, by evidence that would
flash conviction on every mind that heard it, that
it is true as Holy Writ that this declaration was
made,and not only made but acted upon. I will
tell you how it is done, for, as I am upon this
thing, I want to expose it.
You know that by the retiring law which we
have passed—a law which I always voted against,
I am very glad to say; and I am sorry that I did
not succeed in defeating it, for it is nothing on
earth but a system of favoritism—the Secretary
of the Navy is enabled to employ any old men
that get to be eighty or ninety years of age, so
long as they live, provided they are agreeable and
do such service as he requires of them, and to
exclude everybody else that does not bask in the
sunshine of his favor. These retired officers who
have no employment except at the will of the
Secretary, are put upon these courts-martial. The
members of the court-martial that tried Smith
were Captain William K. Latimer, Captain
Charles Boarman, Captain John S. Chauncey,
Captain Andrew K. Long, Commander Edward
W. Carpenter, Commander T. Darrah Shaw,
and Commander Thomas M. Brasher. I am not
certain, but I believe that every one of them is a
retired officer; certainly a large majority of them
are on the retired list. These gentlemen, like
other retired officers, are anxious for pay, for
employment, and if they make themselves ac-
ceptable to the Secretary of the Navy they can get
it; if they do not, they cannot. The court being
thus organized, the Secretary of the Navy ap-
pears as prosecutor where the man is prosecuted;
and it being known that the Department wants
a conviction, there is nothing else for them to do
but to convict.
In regaid to this case, I want to read a state-
ment for which the honorable Senators from Mas-
sachusetts and the whole delegation from that
State in the House of Representatives are respon-
sible, for they have signed their names to it:
"The proceedings! have boemed to be harsh,vindictive,
and unnecessary:
i. In the character of the arrest of the Mcsis. Smith,
which waft attended by circumstanccs of seventy utterly
unj usiihable.
'*2. In icquhing bonds to so huge an amount as $oOO,-
I think it was an outrage which deserves the
severest condemnation of this Government and
of the civilized world. When Aaron Burr was
arraigned before Chief Justice Marshall, and the
question of bail was raised in some of the prelimi-
nary proceedings which finally terminated in an
indictment for tieason, the bail fixed by the Chief
Justice was $10,000. There may have been casqs
where larger bail has been demanded, but I am
not now aware of any. in this case $500,000 bail
was demanded.
Now, let me ask if the Chief Justice of the
Supreme Court of the United States had ordered
any man to be incarcerated until he gave bail of
$500,000, is there a Senator here who would fail
to record a vote for ihe impeachment of the officer
who should oider such bail? There may be,
but I trust not.
Let m'e read a little furtherfrom this statement.
They say these proceedings were still further un-
justifiable in these respects:
"Ii. In the sejzme of then books and papon, which are
still detained, although regatded by then eminent eounsel
as nnpoitant to then defense.
'*4. in turning imo a military offense what is mote
proper lor a civil nibunal, and diaggmg these defendants
belore a eomt martial
(n transferrins; Hie proceedings from Ronton, where
the parties reside and the. tiansactums in question occulted,
t<> IMnladclphia, thus tncioa-ing greatly tne dillkulties and
the expense oi the deicn.se. Tuts will be appieciated when
it is understood that the witnesses are very numcious, ami
chiefly encased in mercantile business, so that thev cannot
leave Bo-tou without the neulcet of their puvate intfie-ts.
"The undetailed, on leviewing these eiicmiistiinces,
which aic so inconsistent with the admmistiation ol jinnee
in it- ordinary tonus, have bf en at a los- to account ioi the
spnit which has been manifested m the piospention Jf
they look at the tuvial character of most ot the specifica-
tions auanist the delendauts, liiev are still moie at a loss.
It is difficult to account lor such elaboiatc and penitent
harshness without yielding to the pievaihng belief that
other motives than the vindication ot justice have enteied
into this easy.
The under-signed are not strangers to the fact that one
of these defendants, in the discharge of what he believed
to be ins duty as a good citizen, lias, by cotre-pondence
and by testimony beloie committees of Congicss, been
brought into collision with ofhceis of the Navy Impair-
ment; and there is too much leason to believe tnar some
of these officers have allowed themselves to be governed
by personal feelings throughout those stiangeproceoding-j."
I think so too. This man brought all the ma-
chinery of the Government to bear to crush this
witness for the testimony he had given. Read
the evidence, read the charges upon which he was
tried, and 1 have no doubt convicted, so far as the
finding of the court is concerned, because they
were organized to convict, and I tell you, sir,
you will be satisfied, and any Senator with an
unbiased mind will be satisfied, that there is not
a mercantile house in Boston, in New York, in
Philadelphia, or in Baltimore, or anywhei e else,
doing a large business, that might not be con-
victed, if tried, upon precisely the character of
transactions which .arealleged here as fraudulent,
and the evidence by which they are sustained.
But, sir, the thing does not stop here; they
were not content with that; but, as I said, when
up before, a roving commission was sent out to
Charlestown and Poitsmouth to see if something
could not be hunted up against the committee that
laid these facts before the country. I think be-
fore the Senate institute any more committees or
commissions to investigate fraud, they should at
least vindicate their own body and see to it that
those who are unkenneled and whose frauds are
exposed shall not with impunity turn upon the
Senate and see if they cannot find out something
by which to attack them, thus constituting them-
selves a tribunal over and above the Senate. Sir,
you may have as many committees as you choose,
but can you expect to have a fair and honest
investigation, if, the moment a witness testifies
against one of these Departments, he is liable to
have his private papers seized, his store shut up,
his house taken, himself torn from society and
from everything that society is bound to protect,
incarcerated in a cell in one of your forts, and
there held under a bond, the very enormity of
which is calculated to paralyze the public mind,
and to deprive him of the benefit which ought to
be secured to every citizen, however humble?
But there is another fact in this remai kable case.
This evidence has been taken, and what is called
the " argument of the judges advocate," which
I now hold in my hand, has been published and
furnished to every memberof Congress at the pub-
lic expense undoubtedly, and I am told largely
elsewhere, by this man. In this matter, winch is
put heie for an argument 
Mr. DAVIS. Who was the judge advocate?
Mr. HALE. There were a couple of them.
The humble individual who now addresses the
Senate came un'der cognizance before this honor-
able court. My friend fiotn Pennsylvania [Mr.
Buckalew] is hit a small dab, because m the re-
port on this subject he expressed the hope that
the arrest of the accused, upon these charges,
" Following close upon his examination before the com-
mittee, will be fully justified upon due investigation and
fail trial, and that the proceeding will bo relieved from all
appearance of persecution or vengeance."
So much for the honorable Senator from Penn-
sylvania. Then comes in another:
"And in tins connection we feel hound to notice the cx-
tiaouliiiary conduct of another member of that committee,
who, with the cvidentdc&ign of picjudicing the community
against the Department, and of influencing your decision
in tins case, was so imprudent as to make it'the subject of
a violent attack upon the Department, in a speech made by
him at a public political meeting in this city, in which he
indulged in terms of severe censure on account of this
prosecution, which, under the circumstances, were in the
highest degree impioper, and altogether unworthy the pub-
he position he'heid."
I am greatly obliged to these gentlemen for their
kindness.
" If he had been the retained advocate of the accused lie
could not have endeavoied more earnestly and zealously to
defeat the ends of justice by his attempt to pre\erit a fair
ami impaitial trial of tin-* case upon its meuis. fie knew
that the accused win then on his tual holme this tiilmnal
upon the charge of defiamhngthe Government, for he was
here under summons ol tins court to testify as a witness."
I do not want to characterize that statement any
more than to say that ltisabsolutely untrue; there
is not a word of truth in it. I never was before
the court as a witness in my life. They did send
measubpena, but before the time fixed for attend-
ing I received a telegraphic dispatch from the
court saying I need not attend; and they forgot
to pay the expense, of sending the message, and I
had to pay it myself.
c: It was, m fact, a contempt of this com t, which he knew
was swoiu to try the accused according to the evidence,
and to administer justice according tolaiv."
If that court should ever come together again
and should be inclined to pursue this matte* of
contempt, I will save them all the trouble of evi-
dence. 1 will avow here that I entertain the most
profound contempt, mingled, I trust, with a Light-
