1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ma
laws,havingmet,afterful! and free conference hareagreed
to recommend, and do recommend, to their respective
Houses as iullows:
That tlie House reccdefrom their amendment striking out
tile first section of the bill and agree to the same, with the
following amendments: stiike out of the sixth line the
words " either wholly" and insert " on which the passage
isstrike out of the sixth and seventh lines the following
words: "or short paid to the extent of more than a single
rate of postage;" strike out of the ninth, tenth, and elev-
enth lines the following words: "with the stamps uncan-
celed, and notice of the amount of deficient postage there-
on;" strike out of the fiiteenth and sixteenth lines the
words following, to wit: " which are short paid a single
rate of postage only;" and strike out of the seventeenth
line the word " single."
That the House recede from their third, fourth, and fifth
amendments to said bill.
J. COLLAMER,
W. WRIGHT,
JOHN CONNESS,
Managers on the ■part of the Senate.
C. COLE,
J. M. ASHLEY,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. PRUYN. I would inquire of the gentle-
man from California whether this report proposes
to change the single rate of postage from three to
five cents.
Mr. COLE, of California. No, sir.
Mr. BROOKS. Will the gentleman explain
the first amendment ?
Mr. ASHLEY. The amendment which the
House insisted on was that where a letter was
deposited in the office without any prepayment
whatever it should be returned to the writer if
he could be known without opening the letter; if
it could not be so ascertained, then that the letter
should be opened and then returned. If the let-
ter was put into the office and part postage paid
thereon, then it should be sent, and the remain-
ing unpaid postage should be charged and col-
lected when delivered.
Mr. BROOKS. The point I make is that this
allows the postmaster to open letters. That ought
not to be done, but the letters should be sent to
the dead-letter office.
Mr. ASHLEY. The letters would be opened
the same in the dead-letter office.
Mr. BROOKS. Yes,butunder secret respon-
sibility.
Mr. KASSON. Do I understand the gentle-
man from Ohio to say that postmasters at the
mailing office may open the letters?
Mr. ASHLEY. Yes, in case only the post-
age is not prepaid; but when the postage is paid
only in part the letter shall be sentforward to its
destination.
Mr. KASSON. Let me say that this is a
power so delicate in its character, so important at
times in its consequences, that there is no place
but the highest, namely, the last resort here in
Washington, where in my judgment that power
should be exercised. And here it is opened only
for the purpose of discovering whether or not
there be valuables in it, and whether there is
anything in it of such a nature as to require that
it should be returned to the writer. But for the
paltry consideration of three cents unpaid, often
the result of accident, to allow such letters to be
opened at the mailing office by any clerk, or by
the postmaster himself, would be the most dan-
gerous innovation ever perpetrated under the post
office laws. I hope that under no circumstances
the House will consent to the power of opening
sealed letters. It would be enormously dangerous.
Mr. COLE, of California. This provision
applies only to those cases where no postage is
paid on the letters, and where the writers are not
known. Its object is to relieve the dead-letter
office from its great burdens.
Mr. KASSON. The returns of the dead-letter
office show that letters on which no postage is
paid are often the most important letters, sent by
insurance companies and bunks; and these, from
the accident of not prepaying the postage, would
be opened at the mailing office, and scattered, you
know not where.
Mr. COLE, of California. The provision
gives to postmasters alone the power of opening
letters incases where no postage is paid, and the
name of the writer cannot be ascertained without
opening the letter. Where any postage is paid
the letters are to be forwarded to their destina-
tion, and the amount unpaid is charged and col-
lected of the parties receiving them.
Mr. FINCK. I desire to state to the committee
that this subject was deliberately considered by
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads;
and they were unanimously of opinion that no
power ought to be granted to postmasters or to
deputies to open letters which were not prepaid
or on which sufficient had not been paid. There
ought to be no exception to the rule, and I hope
the House will vote down this part of the report.
It is a dangerous power to put into the hands of
postmasters or clerks. I trust we shall have a
united vote against it here, as there was in the
committee.
Mr. COLE, of California. The gentleman
will see that it will be a very great accommoda-
dation to persons who drop letters-in the post
office casually, without prepayment of postage,
to have them treated in this manner, rather than
have them sent to the dead-letter office. The
postmaster is allowed to open a letter for the pur-
pose of ascertaining who wrote the letter, and to
whom it should be returned. If, however, the
writer is known, the letter is to he returned un-
opened.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. How can that be as-
certained without opening the letter?
Mr. ASHLEY. We all know that in large
places business firms have their cards printed or
stamped upon their envelopes; and where that is
not done the handwriting of business firms is
frequently known. But such is not the case
where stray letters are deposited by ignorant per-
sons.
Mr. BROOKS. They are as sacred as any.
Mr. KASSON. The existing law makes it a
highly penal offense for anybody, except the
person to whom it is sent, to open any letter.
Even if you find a letter in the street and open it
you subject yourself to punishment, and now
you allow the postmasters and clerks in all the
post offices in the United States, twenty-eight or
thirty thousand of them, to open letters and vio-
late a general principle. I am afraid a temptation
will be opened to those men to go further and to
open letters which they have no right to open,
under thismodification of the law. Do not break
the seal in any case or allow it to be broken, and
then-you are saved from thefts and violations of
law.
Mr. ASHLEY. The gentleman who heads
the Post Office Committee in the other branch of
Congress has had more experience than any
member upon this floor, having been Postmaster
General, and for a long time chairman of the
Senate committee. That committee were unani-
mous in believing that it was safe to allow the
postmaster in any locality to open those letters
only that are not prepaid, and thus not only save
time, which the parties writing the letters would
be very thankful to have saved, if, by any care-
lessness or neglect they had dropped such letters,
but it will reduce the labor now heaped upon the
dead-letter office here. I think the House ought
to adopt the report of the committee of conference.
Mr. COLE, of California. I think this mat-
ter has been pretty thoroughly discussed, and I
call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The question was taken; and the report of the
committee of conference was disagreed to.
Mr. FINCK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the report was disagreed to; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLE, of California. I move that a new
committee of conference be appointed.
The motion was agreed to; and the Speakerap-
point'ed Messrs. Cole of California, Brooks, and
Ashley, the committee on the part of the House.
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION SIGNED.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled joint resolution (H. R. No. 169) to
provide for the publication of a full Army Regis-
ter; when the Speaker signed the same.
REFUGEE INDIANS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Sec-
retary of the Interior transmitting the accounts
for the fourth quarter of 1864 of the superintend-
ent and agents in charge of refugee Indians; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
ENLISTMENT OF REBEL PRISONERS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous coftsent,
laid before the House a communication from the
Secretary of War in answer to the resolution of'
the House respecting theenlistmentof rebel pris-
oners; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
TRADE WITH REBEL STATES.
Mr. STEVENS obtained the floor.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman to yield to me.
Mr. STEVENS. I understand that the gen-
tleman desires to make a report from a committee
of conference.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No, sir; it
is a report which the Committee on Commerce
had leave to make at any time.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I hope the gentleman
will wait until we get through with the next ap-
propriation bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I gave way
yesterday to the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr.
Morrill,] with the understanding that 1 should
be permitted to make this report when the tariff
bill was disposed of. That was the understand-
ing I had with the gentleman from Vermont.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the gentleman from Illinois gave way yesterday
to the gentleman from Vermont with the under-
standing that after the tariff bill was disposed of
he should be allowed to make the report.
Mr. STEVENS. Then, of course, I must
yield to him.
Mr. WASHBURNE,of Illinois. lam directed
by the Committee on Commerce of the Senate
and the Committee on Commerce of the House,
which have been made a joint committee for this
purpose, to make a report and to report a bill for
action at this time. I may say that it is the unani-
mous report of both of those committees. I will
ask, in the first place, that the bill may be read,
and then the report.
The bill to repeal the eighth section of an act
entitled "An act in addition to the several acta
concerning commercial intercourse between the
loyal and insurrectionary States, and to provide
for the collection of captured and abandoned
property, and the prevention of frauds in States
declared in insurrection," approved July 2,1864,
was read a first and second time.
The bill repeals the eighth section of the act
recited in the title, provided thatsuch repeal shall
not affect any contracts and sales provided for by
the section where actual delivery of products has
been made.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask now
for the reading of the report of the joint com-
mittee.
The report was read.
Mr. BROOKS. This is an extraordinary ex-
posure, and one calculated to excite great atten-
tion. What remedy does the gentleman propose?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The com-
mittee propose to repeal the eighth section of ths
law under which these abuses have grown up.
Mr. BROOKS. Does not the gentleman pro-
pose to go fuither? Here are persons who have
violated the laws of the United States in holding
correspondence with rebels.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Thegentle-
man will observe that this is merely a prelimi-
nary and partial report. The committee deemed
it important that this report should be made and
action had upon it. After action shall have been
had I am directed by the committee to report a
joint resolution to still further extend the exami-
nation so that there may be a further report.
Mr. BROOKS. I was about to remark that if
any of us in civil life were to send a letter or hold
any correspondence with anybody in the South,
we should be subjected to very severe penalties.
I have not dared to write a letter to any one there
since the beginning of this war.
Mr. CHANLER. I would ask the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Washburne] if he proposes,
by rescinding the section of the law to which he
refers, to practically remove all means of punish-
ment under that law for the offenses committed
as related in this report.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Of course
not. It does not affect the offenses already com-
mitted under that section.
Mr. CHANLER. If the gentleman's object
is the punishment of these offenses, of course there
will be no opposition to it. There has been no
