1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
491
eons indignation, against the court for the part
which they were playing. Mr. President, this is
one of the indications of the times of evil import.
On the 17th of June, what was to Franklin W.
Smith all the bloody history of Massachusetts?
What were all the glorious principles that she had
contended for? What were all the' bloody sacri-
fices she had made in the preceding centuries of
her history? What was Bunker Hill, on that day,
in whose shadow he was arrested, but a monu-
ment of the patriotism of our fathers anjl the deg-
radation of their sons, if such an outrage as that
could be permitted? But it was permitted,and it
has been persisted in with a pertinacity, an ob-
stinacy, and a vindictiveness which I trust will
not be repeated.
The proceedings against Mr. Smith in this case
are m singular contrast with the finding of an-
other court-martial in the case of Colonel North.
If the same view was taken in that case in organ-
izing the court as in organizing this court, and
that is that it was done to convict, I think they
must have received an intimation afterward that
those who had organized the court had altered
their minds.
Mr. President, it is painful to me to have to
notice these things; it is painful to rac to feel the
necessity of it; but I do feel it, and, God helping
me, I will not shrink from it. I know it is im-
prudent, but I am an imprudent man. I do not
want to be prudent. I will stand, and 1 will go
out of the Senate as I came into it, the uncom-
promising foe of wrong and robbery and oppres-
sion. 1 shall have the thieves on my back. I
have had them there a long time themselves and
by proxy. They have hunted me. Let them hunt;
and whatever they find let them bring forth. 1
invite the scrutiny of friends, and 1 defy the
malice of enemies. I scorn them.
Now, sir, there are a great many other things
that I have to say not exactly in this immediate
connection. I will go on and say a few of them
now, and J may take some other occasion to al-
lude to the others. It is useless for me to deny,
what is apparent to everybody, that for three
years 1 have been the chairman of the Committee
on Naval Affairs and this year 1 am not. There
is a reason for it. The reason that has been as-
signed to me, and it is a satisfactory one, is that
lam not " in accord with the Department." Sir,
I wish that fact to be recorded. I wish that it
may stand where every individual, however
high or however low who has the least interest in
the reputation of so humble an individual as my-
self, might know it. I am u not in accord" with
them; and I will tell you one of the first things
upon which I differed with them. It was in the
beginning of this war, when the country was in
a condition which we all remember, and which it
is useless for me to undertake to delineate at the
present time. When I saw the Secretary of the
Navy employing his own brother-in-law to pur-
chase ships, paying him a greater compensation
than was paid to the President, Vice President,
and all the members of the Cabinet combined;
when I saw the Secretary of the Navy, without
law and against law, putting his hands up to the
elbows in the public Treasury and pouring it out
without stint upon his brother-in-law, and paying
him in a time of dire distress a compensation ex-
ceeding that of the President, Vice President, and
all the members of the Cabment combined, 1 was
" not in accord" with him. I said some severe
things—no, not su\eie; not half as severe as I
ou'^ht to have done; God forgive me for my
timidity on that occasion—but I said some things
which several gentlemen hare done me the honor
to repeat once or twice every year since—tiie
honorable Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doo-
ltttld,] the honorable Senator fiom Oregon,
[Mr. Nesmitji,] and others. 1 do not want to
repeat them again, but if it were necessary I would
reneat them. I have never repented of what 1
then did. I am glad that I did it.
There are one or two other things in regard to
which 1 am f' not m accord" with the Depart-
ment. Every officer of the Navy up to within a
short period who has distinguished himself who
has rendered gallant service to his country, who
has illustrated the nntional fame on the deck of his j
vessel, has immedipti !y fallen under the ban and ;
displeasure of this administration of the Navy ;
Department. There was Stnngham at Hatteras, j
who let in the fust jays of glory in this great I
struggle; who first caused our hearts to exult;
and what was the result? He was snubbed by
the Assistant Secretary, and soon laid upon the
shelf.
Then there was Admiral Du Pont who at Hil-
ton Head won thegratitudeandadmiration of the
country, whatever it may have done of the De-
partment; and what was the result to him? Read
the correspondence; and if Admiral Du Pont had
been found to be a felon, preying upon the pub-
lic Treasury, he could not have been abused, in
the official correspondence had with him, more
than he was. What was that for?
Why, Mr. President, we have a remarkable
genius at the head of the Navy Department; I do
not mean the head; but I mean the man who al-
lows his friends here to call him "the head,"
" the actual Secretary." I do not want to say
anything about him or his history until he comes
upon the stage of the Navy Department, I be-
lieve he had been in the Navy before, and had at-
tained to the honorable position of a passed mid-
shipman. He did not go any further. He was
subsequently engagedinotheremployments. But
about the time of the siege of Fort Sumter his
genius beamed upon the world in one of the most
absurd and ridiculous theories for relieving that
fort 1 believe that was ever broached. It was
thought at once that a man who had the brains
to conceive such an absurd idea must of course
be a genius, and we find him next practically first
lord of the admiralty dispensing its honors and
its favors.
Pretty soon after he came here it became neces-
sary—1 have not the documents before me, but I
am speaking of history—in the opinion of the
Secretary to build some twenty iron-clads of a
certain description. In the Committee on Naval
Affairs, of which I was then a member, the sub-
jectof the Morgan purchase was brought up;and
let mc heie say once for all, though I do not wish
to shirk the reponsibihty and I am willing to take
all that belongs to me, it was not introduced by
me, nor was the attention of the committee railed
to it by mc, nor was the action which the com-
mittee took suggested by me; but still being so
unfortunate as to be the chairman of the commit-
tee, it was hurled at me and I was willing to take
it for I concmred m it entirely. We recommended
by way of simple rebuke for this gross breach of
pubiictrust m the use of the funds of the Depart-
ment, that the building of these iron-clads should
be vested in the Presidcritof the United States in-
stead of the Secretary of the Navy. You know the
result, sir. We had several glorification speeches
here, and we were asked, when Du Pont had
covered the land with glory and Stringham had
done so many great things, and our gallant sailors
were winning such laurels, if that was a time to
censure the Secretary of the Navy; and we let
it go.
The twenty iron-clads weie ordered to be built,
and we waited some two years for the building
of them. I introduced a resolution at the lastses-
sion calling the attention of the committee on the
conduct of the war to the character of these iron-
clads; and what was their history? This new
genius that we had got into the Department, con-
temning the wisdom of the chief of the Bureau of
Construction, (and 1 think he was nghtm that,)
undertook to build something upon the sugges-
tions of his own genius; and 1 understand, though
1 do not know, but it is m the resolution of in-
quiry, that neither the Secretary, nor the head of
the Bureau of Construction would ossume any re-
sponsibility for the mode and manner and fashion
in which these iron-clads were constructed. The
subject was referred to the committee on the con-
duct of the war; and I should be glad if thatcom-
mittee would report upon it; hut if they will nut,
let me tell you the result. The iron-clads were
beautiful things. I think if they had had a fair
chance they would have made more than rune
knots an hour, but it would have been nine knots
an hour toward the bottom of the sea. [Laugh-
ter.] They would not float; they were notworth
the iron they were made of.
Well, sir, what then ? The resources of genius
are astonishing. It was then discovered that non
: wash tubs hke these, taking off (he tui rt is and  !«c
i guns so that they would tloaf, were just exactly
the kmd of vessels that Dahlgrcn wanted to take
Charleston with; and so they went to woik le-
tnodehng and remodeiing. What is the history
of that I do not know, but I apprehend I state it
highly favorable to the genius who constructed
them if I say that they are worth nearly as much
as the old iron would be.
The Y1CE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
having expired, it becomes the duty of the Chair
to call up the unfinished business of Saturday.
Mr. HALE. Very well, sir; I will take an-
other opportunity to-morrow to con|inue my
remarks. §
Mr. DAVIS. I will ask the consent of the
Senate to amend the original proposition by sub-
stituting the term "transactions" for "corrup-
tions," " transactions" being a rather more par-
liamentary term.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can
so modify his resolution.
RETALIATION ON REBEL PRISONERS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 97) advising retaliation for the cruel
treatment of prisoners, the pending question being
on the motion of Mr. Wilson to recommit the
resolution, together with all the amendments and
proposed amendments, to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. WADE. Before we proceed further, I
should like to have read some depositions that I
have taken this morning on the subject of rebel
barbarities. I hope to put that question beyond
any doubt.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Washington, January 30,1865.
Mr. Albeit 1). Richardson sworn and examined.
By the Chairman :
Question. 1 understand that you are one of the newspaper
coricspondents who lately escaped fiom Salisbury, North
Caiohna. Will you give to ihe committee a statement of
s-ueli matteis as you may deem impoitant in relation to
your expenence as a prisoner, and what you have observed
in icfpienee to the tieatment ot our pusoners by the rebel
authorities ?
*tinswci. I am a Tribune correspondent, and was cap-
tured by the rebels May 3,1863, at midnight, on a hay boat
in the Mississippi nver, opposite Vieksdmrg. Aftei confine-
ment in six different pi isons, 1 was sent to Salisbury,North
Carolina, Febiuaiy 3,1864, and kept there until December
Id, when I escaped.
For several months Salisbury was the most endurable
rebel pi ison I had seen. The six hundred inmates exercised
in the open air, were comparatively well fedj and kindly
tieated. But parly in October ten thousand icgular puson-
ers of wararuved there, and it immediately changed into a
scene of eruelry and horror*. It was densely crowded ; ra-
tions were cut down and issued veiy iiregularly; friends
out-ide could not even sei*l in a plate of food. The pris-
oners suffered constantly and often intensely for want of
water, biead, and shelter.
The rebel authorities placed all the prison hospitals under
charge of my two journalistic comrade* (Mes-rs. Riowu
and Davis) and myself. Qui positions enabled us to obtain
e\aet and minute information. Those who had to live or
die mi the piisoti i.ition always suffered fiom huiigei. Very
frequently one or moie divisions of a thousand men would
receive no rations lor twenty-tour houis : Sometimes they
were without a morsel of food for forty-m^'lit hours. The
few who had money would pay from rive to twenty dollars-,
rebel cuirency, foi a little loaf of bread. Most pnsoneis
traded the buttons fiom their blouses for food. Many,
though the weather wa  very inclement and snows frequent,
sold coats fiom tiieir baeks'and .shoes from their feet, yet I
was assuied, on authority entnely trustwoithy, that the
great commissary warehouse neai the prison w as filled with
ptovision^, that the commis^niy foumi it difficult to obtain
btoid^e fur Ill's flour and meal ;~tha?, when a subordinate
a-kol the post commandant, Major John H. Gee, " Shall
I give the prisonei- full rations?" he implied, " No, God
damn them ! give them quarter lution.s." I know, from
po-onal obsei vation, that corn and poik a:e very abundant
in the region about Sahsbmy.
For '■overal week* the pii-oner^ had no shelter whatever.
They weie all fhinh elad; thousands weie barefooted ; not
one in twenty had either oveieoat or blanket; many huti-
diedo were without shirt", and bundled-' woe without
bli'iws. At hist, one Sibley tent and one " A" tent weio
Jinnished to each squad of one hundred. With ihe closest
cio\\dini  these sheltered about one half the pii-onei-. The
ri =t bimowed in the ground, ciopt under buildunr-*, or >■ lnv-
eied tluough the nights in the open ah, upon the frozen,
linnidj, or snowy sod. If the h'b"!-, at the time ot iheir
capture, had not stolen then sheliei f nM. b!auk< t-  cloth-
ing, Hud money, they would have MiflVs ed little fiom cold.
II the prison authoniie< had p< limited a lew hundted of
them, eitliei upon paiole o. undei cu<i'd,To cut loir* within
two miles-- of tiie yaiJison. t'l'1 pri-onei - v\ eu'd nhully have
built computable and ample luiracks m one wet-fc. But
the commandant would never, in a densely w ooded i«'gmn,
with the eai- wl.Kb hioir.'Sit n pa-&ur; by the wall of the
pus on, ev< n (muish half 1 he fuel wn.eh was needed.
'A he hospital's w eie m a Inm ib!e condition. Bv crowd-
ins the pitueuts hud: as the.v could lie upon the floor riiey
\\ i/uld < oisti'iu -m\- h'Mid.ed'mmate-. They weie alweus
f uli to m ci ih>w iti'i. \\ h h thou-atu!> -eeiun'i admis-jon n:
vain In the n honest \\ aid-, containing jointly ab<Hif
two huinh"d and iia\ patients, lie ie w.t  no Ine whatev< i ;
the othcis had small iiie-pieee-, but were ahvays cold. One
waid, which held loity patient*, was* conipaiativcly well
liuni-hed. fn the other eight tin, sick and djinir men lay
upon the cold end usuaih miked floor, for the <.canty-liaw
