fti2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
fUrafched us soon became too filthy and full of vermin for
use. The authorities never supplied a single blanket, or
.quilt, or pillow, or bed for those eight wards. We could
liQt procure even brooms to keep them clean, or cold water
toVash the faces of the inmates. Pneumonia, catanh,
<and diarrhea were the prevailing diseases, but they were
directly the result of hunger and exposure. More than half
who entered the hospitals died in a very few days. The
deceased, always without coffms, were loaded in a dead-
icart, piled upon each other like logs of wood, and =o driven
•out to'be thrown into a trench and covered with earth.
Tije rebel surgeons were generally humane and attentive;
the^endeavored to improve the shocking condition of the
hospitals, but the Salisbury and Richmond authorities both
disregarded their complaints and protests.
On November 25 many of the prisoners had been without
food for forty-eight hours. Desperate from hunger, with-
out any matured plan, a few of them said, " We may as
well die in one way as another; let us break out of this
horrible place." Some of them wrested the guns from a
relief of fifteen rebel soldiers just entoring the yard, lulling
two wlio resisted and wounding five or six. Others at-
tempted to open-the fence, but they had neither adequate
tools nor concert of action. Before they could cffect a
breach every gun in the garrison wa<? turned upon them;
two field-pieces opened with grape and canister, and they
dispersed to their quarters. tfive minutes fiom the begin-
ning, the attempt was quelled, and liuidly a prisoner was
to be seen in the yard. My own quaiters were a hundred
and fifty yards from the scene of the insurrection ; in our
-vicinity there had been no participation at all in it, and
yet for twenty minutes after it was ended the guards upon
the fence on each side of us with deliberate aim hied into
the tents upon helpless and innocent men. They killed in
all fifteen and wounded about sixty, not one tenth of whom
'had taken part in the attempt, many of whom were igno-
rant of it until they heard the guns.
Delibeiate, cold-blooded murders of peaceable men,
"Where there was no pretense that they weie breaking any
Erison regulation, were very frequent. On October l(j,
lieutenant Davis, of the one hundred and fifty-fifth New
York infantry, was thus shot dead by a guard who, the day
before, had been openly sweating that lie would "kill
some damned Yankee yet." November 6, Luther Com ad,
of the forty-fifth Pennsylvania infantry, a delirious patient
from one of the hospitals, was similarly murdcicd. No-
vember 30, a chimney in one of the hospitals fell down,
crushing several men under it. Outers were immediately
given to the guard to let no one1 approach the building, on
the pretext that there might he another insurrection. Two
patients from that hospital had not heard the order, and
were returning to their quarteis, when I saw a sentinel on
the fence, within twenty feel of them, without challenging
them, raise his piece and fire, killing one and wounding
the other. Major Geo, at the tune, was standing immedi-
ately beside the sentinel, who must have «ieted tinder hi<
direct orders. December 10, Mosex Smith, of the seventh
Maryland (colored) infantry, win In standing beside my q nai-
lers, searching for scraps of food fiom the sweepings of the
cook house, was shot through the head. There wote veiy
many similar murdeis. I never knew any proten^e ever
made of investigation, or punishing them. Our lines weie
nevor safe fui one moment. Any sentinel, ar any houi of
the day or night, could deliberately shoot down any pris-
oner, or into any group of piisoners, black or white, find he
would not even b« taken oil his po.it lor it.
Nearly every week an otliccr eame into the prison to
recruit for the rebel army. Sometimes he offered boun-
ties; always he promised good clothing and abundant food
Between twelve and eighteen hundred of our men enlisted
in two mouth*. [ waa repeatedly asked by prisoner*-,
sometimes with tears in their eyes, "What shall I do ? i
don't want to starve to death; lam growing weaker daily;
if I stay horc I shall follow my eomiades to the hospital
and dead-house ; if 1 enlht, 1 may live until 1 can eseaQe "
I had charge of the eloihingleit by the dead, and ieis-.ued
it to the living. I disttibuied articles of clothing to moie
than two thousand prisoner*; but when 1 escaped time
were fully five hundred wilhout a shoe or a stocking, and
more yet with no garment above the waist, except one
blouse or one .shirt. Men came to me f'requcnih. upon
Whom the rebels when they captured them had let'i nollung
whatever except a light cotton slnrt and a pair of light
ragged cotton pantaloon*.
The book* of all the hospitals were kept and the daily
consolidated re pints made up under my supervision. Du-
ring the two mouths between October 1^ and December
18, the average number of pi iseners was about seven thou-
sand five bundled. The deaths for that penod were fully
fifteen hundied,ortwenty per cent, of the whole. I brought
a. way the names of moie than twelve hundi ed of the dead ;
some of the lemamdcr were nwver reported ; the othci* I
could not piocurc on the day ol my escape without exciting
(suspicion. As the men grew more and more debilitated, the
percentage ol deaths iuereaM-jd. I !elt about six thom-and
five hundred remaining in the gaiiison, December 18, and
they were dying ihen at the aveiage late of twenty-eight
a day, or thirteen per cent, a month.
The simple tiuth is that the rebel authorities are mur-
dering our soldieis at Salisbury by cold and hunsei, while
they might easily supply them with ample food and fuel.
They are doing this systematically,and i believe intention-
ally, for the purpose of cither forcing our Government to
an exchange or foicingour prisoners into the rebel army.
I will also, with the consent of the committee, lay before
them a sworn affidavit I obtained in Louiaville, Kentucky,
from one of the pu^oners at Salisbury. North Carolina,
who escaped at the time I did. It is as follows:
I am a maimer by piofession, and reside at Mystic River,
Connecticut; wa<? master of the baikTexana,captured and
burned by the tebels near the mouth of the Mississippi
river June KJ, Jc«f>3; wa* confined in Richmond, Virginia,
until the 2Uth July, 1864. when 1 was sent to the mili-
tary piison at >>ali-bury, Noith Caiohna, and kept there
until my escape on the i8(h of Decembei km. After the
transfci of pusoners of war to Salisbury in Ocinbm I
inhmted with them constantly,and w.T' familiar with their
treatment in aii respects. For a month before my escape
I was ward master of one of the largest hospitals in the
prison. The pusoners were in a most pitiable condition.
They all, without exception, and at all times, suffered
greatly for want of food, the most of them for want of
clothing, and a large portion of them for want of shelter.
Very few out of the whole number were in goud health,
and the deaths were veiy numerous Mine was eallcd a
ward for convalescents. It usually contained from a hun-
dred to a hundred and twenty inmates. The deaths aver-
aged fully six per day, and sometimes reached ten and
twelve. The sickness and mortality were directly traceable
to hungei, exposure, and cold. I can give no just idea in
tlus brief statement of the horrors of the prison and hos-
pitals and the general treatment of the prisoners. It is bar-
bat ous beyond anything I ever before saw or heard of. I
believe it is the deliberate intention of the rebel authori-
ties to leave the prisoners no alternative between freezing
and starvation or enlistment in the rebel army. u
THOMAS E. WOLFE. *
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 17th day of Jan-
uary, 1865. J. II. CLEMENT,
Justice of the Peace, Jefferson County.
Washington, January 30, 1865.
Mr. Junius Henri Browne sworn and examined.
By the Chairman :
Question. I understand that you were a prisoner at Salis-
buiy, North Carolina, and escaped at the same time Mr.
Ricliaidson, who has just testified, made his escape. You
have heard his testimony. Will you state whethei you
concur with him in what be lias stated, and also give such
additional statements as you may deem necessary ?
JInswer. I concur with Mr. Richardson in all lus state-
ments, so far as the, facts to which they relate came to my
knowledge. In addition to what he has said, I would fur-
ther state that I am a journalist by profession ; have been
since the breaking out of the wai an Army correspondent
of the New York Tribune; was captured in that capacity
in the middle of the Mississippi nver while running the
batteiies of Vicksbuig on the night of May 3, 1863, our
expedition having been destroyed by the iel>el siege guns..
1 was held pusoner some twenty months, having, in that
time, been an occupant of seven southern pusons, the last
being the fcialtsbuiy, Noith Carolina, pemtentiaiy, wheia I
wan kept with my colaboror, Albert D. Ricliaidson, for
almost eleven months, making mv escape therefiom m his
company on the night of December 18, 18(51.
The tieatnieut ol oui pnsonurs was bad enough every-
where ; but it wa< so baibarou-* and inhuman at Salisbury
for two months previous to my escape that I regard the
exposure theieot a duty I owe to the thousands who still
remain there, lu.wly in October, from nine to ten thousand
of our enlisted men weie sentto Salisbury from Richmond
and othei points; and as they had been robbed of their
clothing and blankets, and received veiy little food or
sheliei, the moitahty among them became almost imme-
diately wide-spread and alarming.
Ewry tenement within the piison limits was converted
into a hospital, and I oflcied my services a= medical dis-
penser and assistant to the iebel suigcons. I soon made
daily vifits to the sick, who could not obtain admission
to the oveiciowded ho-pitais, lying in tent-! on the ground
without covering, and with veiy scant l.umenf, and living
m holes they had dug mthe eaith,ornndei buildings wheie
they had cieptforptolcction iiomthe cold iams,the snow,
and the biting winds, and priformed such poor stnvice us
lay in my limited power. Their condition was distressing
in* the extreme. They had no means of keeping warm ex-
cept by fires of verygieen wood that filled the Hide shelters
with bitter «miokc, and which, added to the carbonic acid-
ized atmosphere fiom so many breaths, and the emanations
irom unwholesome and unwashed bodies, packed together
like llg-5, entirely poi- oned the an,and destioyed the health
of almost all who inhaled it.
The sickness and mortality in thocp outride quarters, as
well as clM'Whete, continually ineieased, and the matvei
was that any one survived. Starved and li'-e/.mg, with
hardly watei enough to dunk, much less to wash then per-
sons or the scant clothes they wore, the poor fellows mu-
tually and neeoss.mly despaued, and not a tew of them
were anxious to die to escape fjom the slow torture of their
situation.
I had the best means of knowing; and it Is my firmest
belief that out of eight or nine thousand piwmcr-- at tfalis-
buiy then* weie not at any time five bundled of them in
sound health—an opinion in which all the rebel suigeons
to whom i expiessed itlully coincided.
The deaths dining the last two months I passed at Salis-
bury ranged from twenty-five to forty-five per dav, diar-
ihea, dysentery, catarrh, pneumonia, and typhoid tever—
all engendered by si nrcity of iood, shcltei, and tannent—
being the principal diseases. I have no doubt if the pri.son-
ers had been properly treated—as pusoners of wat in the
Noith aie to the best of mv knowledge and intoimation
tiPKted—the mortality in Salisbin v would not have been
moie than one eighth of what it was, a view in which the
iebel surgeons with whom 1 talked fully concurred.
The capacity of the s-o-cailed ho-pitah, nine in number,
winch were without anv of the comforts or concomitants
of those institutions, was not to the fullest ovei five or six
hundred patients ; and thenumhei of planners who ought
to have been inmates thereof was at least ad many thou-
sand. The hospitals mciely affoided some protection from
the cold and rain, and furnished rathei better rations than
weie given to the men who weie supposed bv a tianspaient
fiction to be in good health. Ilardly any one would go to
the hospitals ,so long as he could help himself, or induce
any one to help htm, the daily spectacle ot ghastly and
ludoeu* cot pse.s going therefrom to the dead-house filling
all beholders with horroi. and inducing the soldiers to be-
lieve that all who entered those filthy and pestileions tene-
ments were doomed.
The piison limits at Salisbury levealed a scene ofwiPtcli-
edne--s, squalor, despau, and suffering such as I—accus-
tomed as J am to Army life and the horror of uulitaiy hos-
pital-, and hatric-fieids—had nevei before witnessed. The
prison authorities—especially after the massacre attending
the attempted outbreak of November 25—appeared not only
indifferent to the miserable condition of the men, but to bo
actuated by a brutality and immunity toward them that I
could not reconcile with my ideas of human nattu e. They
peimitted the guards to shoot prisoners whenever they
pleased, without the least pretext or explanation j and no
man's life was safe for a day or an hour. Tiie air was lull
of pain and pestilence, and all the horrors of imagined hell!?
seemed realized in that most wretched place, ot which I
shall never think without a shudder and an augmented
faith in tiie naturally abhorrent doctrine of total depravity..
Mr. HARLAN. In this connection I ask to
have read at the desk an official paper signed
by V. Bossieux, lieutenant and acting adjutant
in the rebel service, addressed to Sergeant John
Wilkin, sergeant in charge of a confederate States
military hospital at Belle isle, Richmond. It is
a very brief document. It was handed to mc
this morning by Colonel Boyd, who is serving
on General Schofield's staff, and was handed to
him by LieutenantRobinson, of the thirty-fourth
Illinois volunteers, serving on Colonel Mitchell's
staff, commanding a brigade in the fourteenth
Army corps.
Both of these officers have been a Ion®: time
prisoners at Richmond, on this island. One of
them was appointed by the rebel authorities as
superintendent for the distribution of company
stores; the other, Lieutenant Robinson, was ap-
pointed a clerk at headquarters, and assigned to
the duty of filing papers that came in to the su-
perintending seigeant. Qf course he was com-
pelled to read the papers in order to make pioper.
indorsements on filing them. Among them ho
read this one, and deeming- it important that some-
thing official should come to the notice of the
Government here of the spirit that prompted those
officers, he sewed it up in the inner lining of his
blouse, and in this way preserved it when he made
his escape.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the papef will be read.
Mr. FOSTER. Is it in the handwriting of the
man ?
Mr. HARLAN. Colonel Boyd knows ittobo
in the handwriting of the officer who purports to
have signed it; there is a memorandum showing
it to be such.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Bell Island Nov 15 03
Sir I am happ to inform you tiiat we have sent Moal
Hunting ril Yankee, thtce f-hot and one Diowned. those
sdiotand Drowned I dont think I)i inirraham ran takeEny
Cidttor. and think they bhould be Credt to mc. the rest
Can be Ciedt to the Di.
Woe only Planted one from 20 Juno to 1st Sepr I think
wee have been Making up for JaM tone
Very Respectfully Youi Obt Servt V BOSSIEUX
Lt $ J3ct Jigt
to Sergt.IoHN Wilkin Sergt in charge C. S. Mil. lios.
Mr. WILKINSON. Mr. President, I have no
desire to pt olong this debate, or to occupy the time
of the Senate in further discussing the merits of
this resolution. Much time hus already been ex-
pended m the argument of the question; and the
whole subject of adopting retaliatory measures
in order to enforce more humane treatment of our
Union soldiers who are held by the rebels as pris-
oners of war has been so ably treated on both
sides that it is idle for me to attempt further to
discuss it. If any aiguinent were necessary, the
papers which have been read here tins muining
are enough to satisfy any one of the correctness
and the propriety of adopting this proposition.
But as I intend to support this resolution, and as
it has been assailed with great power and earnest-
ness by many upon this floor for whom I enter-
tain the most profound respect, and with whom I
have generally acted on all great measures per-
taining to tins war, I deeip it proper that 1 should
state the reasons which will govern me m the
vote I am about to give.
If I understand correctly the argument of those
who oppose this measure, it is this: the rebel
authorities, they tell us, have treated and arestiTl
treating our soldiers held by them as prisoners of
war in the most inhuman manner. They have
deprived them of sufficient food and clothing to
protect them from death; and in consequence of
their cruel and inhuman treatment of these brave
men more than thirty thousand have already gone
to thetr graves. Then they tell us that this ac-
tion of the rebels exhibits a reiinementof tyranny
and barbarism v. Inch this great nation cannot
adopt or emulate; we are warned against it; we
are told that we cannot take a step so directly
at variance with every principle of Christianity,
