1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1259
priations will meet with the approval of gentle-
men wlio control the action of the House.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 intend to astonish the gen-
tleman from Indiana by saying that his amend-
ment is a very proper one, and that I will vote
for it.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I renew it.
The amendment was adopted.
The Clerk read, as follows:
To meet the expenditure made by the Commissioner of
Public Buildings, in illuminating the Capitol and the Gov-
ernment portion of the City Hall, $300, or so much thereof
as may be necessary.
Mr. DRIGGS. I understand that all the can-
dles used had been purchased and paid for before
this illumination took place,and that all the labor
was performed by the employes of the Capitol;
and 1 do not see, therefore, any reason for this
appropriation. I move that it be stricken out.
Mr. STEVENS. To be sure the candles were
upon hand and they have not been charged for; but
the fixtures had to be provided for putting the
candles up, and this appropriation is to pay for
them, as well as for other incidental expenses. I
move to reduce the appropriation to $250.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. Driggs's motion to strike out was then
agreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
For replacing all the worn-out and worthless hydrants
on Pennsylvania avenue witli hydrants known as the
"McClellan hydrant," $25,OOU.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to strike the appropria-
tion out.
The committee divided; and there were—ayes
24, noes 33; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN ordered tellers; and ap-
, pointed Messrs. Holman and Hooper.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 50, noes 43.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, moved to insert the fol-
lowing:
For making a permanent roadway from the north poitico
of the President's house to the new stable, §2,000.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read the following clause:
For publishing the annual report of the National Acad-
emy of Sciences, $6,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. I must raise a point of order
on that clause in the bill. It is a very clear case,
as there is no law authorizing the publication of
the report of the National Academy. This is the
first time this has been sought to be done. There
never has been any law authorizing it.
Mr. STEVENS. This appropriation is in fur-
therance of one of the branches of the Government
and hence it comes under the rule.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 suppose the same might
be said with reference to the common-school sys-
tem of the country or of any State in the Union.
It is not a branch of the Government, and it has
nothing to do with the Government. It is a prl
vate corporation.
Mr. PRUYN. By the terms of the act incor-
porating the National Academy of Sciences, it is
made the duty of that Academy, without charge
to the Government, to investigate all questions of
a scientific character which may be referred to it
by the officers of the Government, on such advice
as the Academy is supposed to be able to give. I
suppose that is what is meant by the obligation
of Congress to pay the expenses of publishing
its annual report. It is put on theground that it
has performed services for the Government, and is
in reality a Government institution.
Mr. HOLMAN. That would not make the
Government liable for its support.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. PRUYN. I would ask that the item be
passed over until we can ascertain whether there
is any provision in the law authorizing the pub-
lication.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would prefer to have it
decided now. ■ .
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides against
it, because there is no law authorizing any such
publication. .
Mr. PRUYN. We might, if this could be
passed over, find a reason for it in the law. ^ ^
Mr, HOLMAN. There is no such provision
in the law. That law has been passed since
both the gentleman and myself have been in Con-
Mr. PRUYN. It has not been passed since I
have been here.
Mr. ICASSON. They have made such reports,
and some have been printed. But lam perfectly
content to leave it until we can see whether the
appropriation is in accordance with the law.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
The CHAIRMAN. "The Chair sustains the
point of order on the statementof facts made, and
rules the clause out.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I move to amend by
inserting after line three hundred and thirty-five
the following:
For the improvement of the public grounds in the city of
Washington, to be expended under the direction of the
Commissioner of Public Buildings in the execution of such
plan or plans as were made by A. J. Downing, with the ap-
probation of tile President of the United States, and in con-
tinuance of the i-aine, with sueli alterations and amend-
ments as the changes which have since occurred may
suggest, $10,000.
I offer this amendment by the direction of the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds, and
they deem it very important that it should pass.
There is no system at all by which these grounds
are managed and improved. We consider it espe-
cially necessary that the intention of Congress,
when they made the appropriation for employ-
ing Mr. Downing to improve these grounds and
beautify them, should be carried out, and that we
should have some comprehensive plan to proceed
by. A gentleman who made the plans for the
parks in New York and Brooklyn came before
the committee, and it was made evident to us that
it was necessary to have some general plan by
which these grounds should be improved as was
originally designed. I trust that as long as this
capital is to be the capital of the nation we shall
do what we ought to do, bearing always in mind
the heavy pecuniary obligations that are upon us,
to put and keep these grounds in a proper condi-
tion. And in order to do that we must havesome
plan to proceed upon. I trust the recommenda-
tion of the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds will be complied with.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not know what public
grounds the gentleman refers to.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I mean all the .public
grounds. I want also something to be done with
this canal; something to improve the sanitary
condition of the city.
Mr. STEVENS. The architect of the Capitol
has made along report upon this subject, and has
told uswhat he thoughtoughtto be done; buthe
thinks it can be postponed alittle. I think there
is no necessity for making an appropriation now.
Now I know that the original plan contemplates
a very large expenditure eventually, and the gen-
tleman who now has the management of this
whole matter can be relied upon. To employ a
new man to lay out and expend this money now is
wrong. There is an appropriation already in the
bill for these grounds, and I cannot see the neces-
sity for this amendment, and I am opposed to the
improvement in the way now recommended,
though it may be necessary eventually.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I do not understand
that any report has been made comprehending
what was intended by the original action of Con-
gress, which was not carried out in consequence
of the death of Mr. Downing. I know that it was
a great mistake that I did not go before the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means and urge this prop-
osition there. I understand very well the import-
ance of having everything stamped with the ap-
proval of that committee that is to be entertained
by this House. I understand that all the other
committees should go and bow down before them
and present their propositions to them. But not-
withstanding that our committee may not have
the same weight as the committee of Ways and
Means, I beg leave to state my opinions hers, and
the gentleman from Pennsylvania is very kind
and courteous in listening to them. I trust the
House will consider this matter and grant this
small appropriation for a matter which we deem,
with all due deference to the Committee of Ways
and Means, of some little importance.
Mr. STEVENS. Do I understand that anew
officer is to be appointed to do this work?
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I understand that some
suitable person is to be appointed.
Mr. STEVENS. Then the object is to em-
ploy another officer for the purpose of making this
estimate and this plan which has already been'
attempted by Mr. Walter, and others. I do not'
wish to say anything against the scheme of the
gentleman, who has no doubt examined into this
matter, but I think that just now there is no ne-
cessity for this appropriation. I think we had
better postpone it for the present.
The question was taken on Mr. Rice's amend-
ment, and it was disagreed to—ayes nineteen,
noes not counted.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I will offer one more
amendment, and it is as follows:
The salary of the Commissioner of Public Buildings,
from July 1, 1864, shall be $3,000 per annum, and thesum
of $2,000 is hereby appropriated to paythe arrearage of the
same for the present fiscal year and the increase of the
same ior the next fiscal year.
I am as much opposed to the increase of sala-
ries as any man in this House, and I have voted
against them almost invariably; still I do believe
that from the duties devolved-upon this officer,
their great variety,and his constant employment
under them, his salary should be raised to that
of a bureau officer. This proposition is merely
that his salary shall be brought up to that of the
gentlemen who are at the head of bureaus in the
Departments. In order that the House may un-
derstand what are the duties of this Commis-
sioner, I send up a paper to the Clerk's desk and
ask to have it read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Duties of Commissioner of Public Buildings.
It is the duty of the Commissioner—
To see that all moneys appropriated forthe public build-
ings and grounds are properly expended, and to keep all
the accounts and vouchers relative thereto, and to super-
intend all the work.
To take special charge and care of the Capitol and Pres-
ident's hous-e, and see that they me kept m order.
To appoint and oversee the police, laborers, watchmen,
&c., in the Capitol and President's house, see that they
perform their several duties, and pay them.
To appoint and oversee the public gardeners and all the
laboiers in the public grounds, and pay them.
To see that the Potomac, Anaeostia, and Benning's
bridges are taken care of, kept in pioper repair, and the
draws properlyattcmled. [The Potomac bridge was taken
possession of by the War Department in 1863, but the care
of it is expected soon to levert to the Commissioner, who
is, by law, its custodian.]
To take care of Pennsylvania avenue and all other
streets and avenues impioved in whole or in part by Con-
gress.
To see that certain nuisances are abated, when there is
money to the credit of the nuisance fund, provided his at-
tention is legally called to them.
To examine and send all transient pauper patients to
the hospital who come within the piovisions of the acts
of Congress appropriating money to take care of such as
are sick. \
To take care of, sell, and convey all city lots belonging
to the United States in the city of Washington, and to
take care of, and expend according to law, any money de-
rived from the sale of such lota.
To keep up a constant and somewhat extensive corre-
spondence relative to the official business ot his office.
To make an annual report to the Secretaiy of the Inte-
rior to be laid before Congress ; and to make special re-
ports to the rtecietary or to Congress whenever the same
may be called ior, at tunes requiting gieat research and
much labor.
There is a law of the United States requiring that all
contracts relating to the public buildings should be formed
by the Commissioner of Public .Buildings, but of late yeais
it has become almost a dead letter. Some contracts are
formed and executed by the Commissioner.
There is probablyno office undertheGnvernmentwhose
archives are more important than those in the office of' the
Commissioner of Public Buildings, and there is muehcare
and responsibility required to keep them bale and m pioper
order.
The Commissioner is required to attenc\all public recep-
tions at the presidential mansion.
There are many minor duties connected with the office
that cannot be specified. They are incidental to other
prescribed duties, and are continually occuiring.
The Commissionerof Public Building? ib constantly en-
gaged in official duties from eaily in the day unril the usual
dinner hour, and a day seldom passes when he is not called
upon to peiform official duties at ins house after office
hours.
The place is one of very gieat responsibility, and of
constant labor. B. B. FRENCH,
Commissioner.
January 3i, 1865.
The lighting of the Capitol and President's house, and
all the street lamps belonging to the United States, and all
repairs and labor incident thereto, are under the Commis-
sioner.
Mr. RI£J£, of Maine. I ask for tellers on the
amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Rice, of
Maine, and Kellogg, of Michigan, were ap-
pointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes seventeen, noes not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
