1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
493
and of international law. Hut, sir, it appears to
me that this whole argument is based upon the
assumption that it'the Government of the United
States act upon the suggestions contained in this
resolution we shall be obliged to take thirty thou-
sand of their men out of our prisons and starve
them to death, because they have starved thirty
thousand of our men to death. If this be so, I can
see the force of the argument of honorable Sena-
tors against this proposition; but I do not so un-
derstand it. I do not understand that this propo-
sition would require the Government of the Uni-
ted States to punish innocent men because wicked
men have punished our soldiers, for the mere pur-
pose of retaliation alone; but I suppose this meas-
ure of retaliation is adopted, like all other meas-
ures of the kind, in order to force these barbarians
in the future to treat our men with more kindness
and humanity than they have done in the past. I
do not suppose that when the Government took
OolonelLee, if you please, and another man, and
then informed Jefferson Davis that if he shot the
two captains who had been drawn by lot in Rich-
mond, they would be shot, that measure was
adopted in any spirit of revenge toward those
two perhaps gallant and generous and respectable
officers; but it was done for the purpose of pre-
venting a great crime and barbarity on the part of
the rebel government, and for that alone; and it
had the desired effect. There was no inhumanity
m it.
Now, sir, if we adopt this measure we adopt it
as an act of self-defense alone, as a great necessity
in older to prevent the further barbarity of the
rebel government and authorities against our
soldiers. Why, sir, the horrid nature of their
treatment of our prisoners has been detailed in
the testimony read to-day, and if we stand here
as we have stood for the last eighteen months
while this murder has been going'on, while this
starvation has been going on, and while our men
have been going down to their graves at the rate,
in some instances, of four or five thousand a month,
in my judgment we are recreant to every duty
that we owe to our country and to its brave de-
fenders. At Andcrsonviile alone, in the months
of July and August, out of thirty-five thousand
prisoners, eight thousand died from starvation
and from exposure.
Now, [ can say to the Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Sumner] that I do not vote for this res-
olution for the purpose of starving eight thousand
men as a punishment for the star vaiion of thof-e
eight thousand who died in July and August, but I
would select out their officers from the rebel pris-
oners, and I would notiiy the rebel government
thus: " It is for you to determine the question; if
you starve our men, remember that you staive
your own; and if ours mustgo down to theirgiaves
under tins terrible torture, so your men must fol-
low likewise." We do not wish to sec these
things transpire in our country. The advocates
of this proposition uige it in no spirit of venge-
ance to war d these men, but simply for the protec-
tion of our own friends, our own soldiers. I
tlunk 1 can see a marked distinction between the
case that is presented by the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts and other gentlemen on the
other side, a marked distinction between punish-
ing men out of a spirit of revengeand*adnpting a
policy such as this resolution contemplates, of
selecting a certain number of men and leaving it
for the rebel authorities to determine what shall
be the fate of their men as well as of oius. We
put them upon the same footing that our men are
placed, and we leave the. whole question of life
or death, the whole question of civilization or
barbarity, the whole question of suffering and of
death, with the rebel authorities themselves. We
propose to say to them: " If you wish to carry out
this barbarous and inhuman treatment to our sol-
diers held by you, we regret it; we have begged
of you riot to do it; we have tried for a year and
a half to induce you to permit us to feed our pi is-
oners; you have refused to do it, and now this
issue is left with you."
As I said before, I regard this as a great ne-
cessity; and, sir, there are times in the affurs of
men when the necessity of the case requires them
to resort to measures which,under other circum-
stances, would have seemed abhorrent to them.
What will an individual not do in such an ex-
tremity as this? What would not one of these
starved prisoners do to relieve himself from this
suffering? There is no act so terrible that he
| would not be justified in committing in order to
relieve himself from this terrible punishment.
And if it is justifiable in an individual to relieve
himself from such a condition of things, I ask
whether it is not right for a great Government,
when thirty thousand of its men have already
gone down to their graves under the influences
of this cruel and inhuman treatment, to act ac-
cording to the necessity of the case.
Mr. President, as was said the other day on
this floor, the people of the United States owe
everything to these men. They are the defend-
ers of this Government. They are the men who
have left pleasant homes and sacrificed all the
endearments of life in order to defend and up-
hold this Government. For eighteen months they
have been subjected to this terrible brutality of the
enemy. They have looked to Congress; they
have looked in vain to the executive department
of the Government, and their families at home
have been looking to the Government for the pro-
tection which this resolution contemplates. They
know very well that there is power in the Gov-
ernment to release them by force from these prison-
houses. They know very well that we are hold-
ing seventy-eight thousand rebel prisoners in our
hands who are living in comparative luxury at the
Worth. All this they know, and they think it
strange indeed that Congress and the Executive
Government will sit by and see these men re-
ceiving daily many articles which maybe classed
among the delicacies of life, while they them-
selves are in a suffering and starving condition
in southern prison-houses. Our prisoners know
this; and do you suppose that they will be in-
different while we remain quiet here, and open
not our mouths for fear of violating some prin-
ciple of international law or some refined prin-
ciple of the Christian religion—not a very com-
mon-sense idea of the Christian religion, as the
Senator from Iowa [Mr. Harlan] said the other
day; but if from some tefintd notion of that re-
ligion we are to sit here and do nothing while
our men starve by the thousand and go down
daily to their graves from cruelty and neglect,
shall we not be held answerable?
Sir, 1 do notsuppose there isa man here who en-
tertains an unkind feeling toward any of the rebel
prisoners in our hands. I do not suppose there
is a Christian gentleman m the United States who
wishes, for the mere pui pose of punishment alone,
to inflict this barbarity upon any rebel soldier. 1
certainly do not; but ( say tint it is better some-
times that men should be sacrificed than that a
great wrong should be permitted, such as is ex-
hibited by the conduct of the icbel authorities
tosvard our prisoneis in their hands. As I said
before, ] support this resolution as a measure
of self-defense, as a great measure of necessity;
and where necessity exists it overrides ail other
laws.
Who can road these affidavits, who can read
that rebel paper which was handed in by the Sen-
ator from Iowa, and not think that this necessity
is such as to require any act and every act on the
parr of this Government which may be resorted
to in order to stop this cruelty? If [ understand
correctly the purpoit of tins resolution and its
whole intent and meaning, it is, that we shall in-
foim the rebel authorities that from this tune on-
ward, henceforth, as long as they tieat our men
in th-s way, we will treat their own men in the
same way. The issue is with them and not with
us. We lea\t it for them to say whether this
wholesale starvation and suffering shall go on, or
whether it shall terminate at once.
For this reason, Mr. President, I support the
resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pomeuot
: in the chair.) The question is on the motion of
j; the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] to
; recommit the joint resolution, with the various
amendments proposed, to the Committee on M1I1-
| tary Affair^ and ihe Militia,
j Mr. HENDRICKS. On that motion I call for
I the yeas and nays.
i The yeas and nays were ordered.
1 Mr. RICHARDSON. I have felt very unwill-
; ing to participate in this debate. Gentlemen of
; great experience and learning have debated the
i question so fully that it would seem to be unne-
| cessary for me to say anything, but I desire to as-
i sign as bnelly as I can the reasons for the course
which I shall deem it my duty to take in reference
to this question.
That we may avoid all controversy on some
points, I state at once that I think the rebels have
treated our soldiers who have been prisoners in
their hands with great barbarity. That point I
do not propose to discuss. Starting from that
point, however, I think this is a question over
which the military authorities have ample and
sufficient power. On turning to the legislation of
Congress, 1 apprehend you will find but a-single
precedent of retaliation by legislation.
Mr. WADE. Two.
Mr. RICHARDSON. When the act of 1799.
was passed, we were not at war; armies were
not in the field as belligerents, though it is true
war was threatened and was impending, but it
did not occur. In that case, probably, the action
of Congress was necessary. But in this case,
what power does this action of Congress propose
to confer upon the military authorities? None.
They have ample power to retaliate wherever the
laws of war justify it. General Grant did not
hesitate to notify the rebel commander that he
would place their prisoners in the front of battle
when our prisoners were so placed by them. I
apprehend that if you will turn to the precedents
you will find that our generals in the field have
exercised the power in every instance where they
deemed it necessary.
Now, Mr. President, I am one of those who
do'not believe that it becomes this nation to re-
sort to all the means that may be resorted to by
the Power with which we may be at war. We
have recently had an Indian war. Indians burn
at the stake the prisoners whom they capture.
Would this Congress or this country be justified
in subjecting prisoners captured from them to the
same treatment? Do we not tarnish our reputa-
tion and our fame when we resort to the same
barbarities that those with whom we are at war,
practice ?
Why not leave this question with our com-
manders in the field and with the President of the
United States ? Do Senators say that Congress
must necessarily act in this case as it did in 1813?
I suppose the pretext under which the action of ,
1813 was hud was that Mr. Madison was opposed •
to adding to the cruelties of war. While this res-
olution can conferno additional power on the ex-
ecutive authorities, because all the power that is
necessary for the purpose is now in the hands of
your commanding generals and your President,
the Congress of the United States is called upon
to adopt, what? Measures that may place us in
actuation subjecting our conduct to the criticism,
and the just criticism, of the entire civilized world.
I can see no reason why we should pass this
resolution. I know of no good reason that has
been assigned. I repeat, the issue isnotupon the
fact of barbarities having been committed by the
rebels; that is out of the question; the fact is too
clearly established to be discussed. The ques-
tion is simply and purely whether we, in this age
of the world, will place ourselves upon the ground
that we mean to resort to the same barbarities
which may be practiced by any people with whom
we are at war. While such a resolution can ac-
complish no good, it may do infinite mischief. It
may do great harm and it can have no good re-
sult. I appichend that our commanders in the
field and the President of the United States who
is Commander-in-Chief, will look into this matter
and attend to it better than Congress can.
I am anxious to do anything that may tend to
the amelioration of the condition of our prisoners
in the hands of the enemy. I cannot tell why it
is that prisoners are not exchanged when, as I
understand, we have some seventy thousand pris-
oners in our hands while the enemy has only
about thirty thousand of ours. It would be bet-
ter to give the enemy two to one in the way of
exchange. It certainly would be better to urge
upon those who have the control of this matter
to exchange all men as rapidly as possible, rather
than to pass a resolution or an act of Congress
that confers no additional power and can do no
good. The condition of prisoners of war at all
times and under all circumstances is hard. If the .
enemy does for our soldiers the best that he can
do, their fate is a hard one while they are pris-
oners. The mode of life in the South is different
from ours. The soldiers in our service are better
fed and cared for than any other soldiers upon the
