1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1261
( Mi\ COLE, of California. There are in the
centra! part of the State valuable lands which will
remain unsurveyedfrom year to year, unless some
such proposition as this be adopted.
Mr. STEVENS. I suppose that they cannot
be very difficult to survey.
Mr. COLE, of California. They are very dif-
ficult indeed.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, we should certainly
name some definite sum by which the surveyor
general is to be governed in giving out his con-
tracts. If the gentleman Ss motion prevails it will
leave the sum indefinite; and the whole amount
of the appropriation might be expended upon one
ranche.
Mr. COLE, ,of California. We have confi-
dence in our surveyor general. He will do what
is right.
Mr. McBRIDE. 1 will ask the gentleman
from California whether this bill does not provide
for increasing the former rates paid for surveying.
Mr. COLE, of California, if it does, the
amount is not now sufficient; it does not begin to
be sufficient. I think that it is a matter of econ-
omy to bring these lands into market. They will
be bought for their timber.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. WALLACE. I move to amend by insert-
ing after line three hundred the following:
For surveying the public lands in Idaho Territory, at
rates notexce«ding fifteen dollars per lineal mile for stand-
ard lines, twelve dollars for township, and ten dollars for
section lines, $15,000.
In examining this bill I find that the Territory
of Idaho has been entirely omitted; for what rea-
son i do not know. As a reason for the adoption
of this amendment I will state that no Territory,
perhaps, belonging to the United States is settling
more rapidly than the Territory of Idaho; and in
none is there a greater demand for surveys. I
hope, therefore, tliat the amendment will be
adopted.
Mr. UPSON. Has the Indian title been ex-
tinguished?
Mr. WALLACE. It has with regard to a large
portion of the lands, but not all.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman whetheranappropriation for this pur-
pose was not made last year.
Mr. WALLACE. Yes, sir.
Mr. STEVENS. Has that been expended?
Mr. WALLACE. I am notable to say.
Mr. STEVENS. I believe there is an unex-
pended balance which the Department thought
sufficient. That is my recollection.
Mr. WALLACE. I know that there was a
great necessity for the expenditure of that appro-
priation. Why it should not have been expended
1 cannot tell.
Mr. STEVENS. It was not done; and there
remains an unexpended balance. If such should
prove not to be the fact, I would have no objec-
tion to the amendment. I suggest that the gen-
tleman had better withdraw the amendment for
the present.
Mr. WALLACE. I withdraw theamendment
with the understanding that I shall have an oppor-
tunity to offer it hereafter, if there should prove
to be no provision in reference to this matter.
Mr. HIGBY. 1 move to amend by inserting
after line three hundred the following:
For surveying the public lands in Montana Territory, at
ratesnot exceeding fifteen dollars per lineal inile for stand-
ard lines, twelve dollars for township, and ten dollars for
section hnes, $10,000.
I introduce this amendment for the sake of
making an inquiry. The chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means has stated that there
was last year an appropriation of this kind for
the Territory of Idaho. It is possible that a sim-
ilar appropriation may have been made for Mon-
tana, and not expended. It is certainly best for
the country that a survey of the mineral lands
should be made as speedily as possible, so that
they may be brought into market.
Mr. STEVENS. I deem that the land ought
to be surveyed as fast as the Indian title to it be-
comes extinguished. But I think that there is an
unexpended balance of appropriation for Mon-
tana.  
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. The gentleman is
correct; there is an unexpended balance of appro-
priation for Montana.
Mr. STEVENS. Then let us use that up be-
fore we make another appropriation.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to say that I know
there is an unexpended balance of appropria-
tion in regard to Arizona, for I had occasion,^s
chairman of the Committee on Private Land
Claims, to examine into the subject.
Mr. HIGBY. I withdraw my amendment.
' Mr. KASSON. I think that this matter may
be settled now, as I have found the communica-
tion for which I was looking. 1 find that the un-
expended balances are as follows: for Arizona,
$10,000; for Idaho, $10,000; and for Montana,
$10,000. These amounts havebeen left over from
last year. So the three cases seem to be provided
for, as that appropriation is good for two years.
Mr. WALLACE. The amountof $10,000 is
not enough to meet the wants of Idaho. There
is, and has been, a great demand for lands upon
which to settle, and the settlers want these lands
surveyed, so that they may pay the price to the
Government and secure their titles. Unless this
appropriation is made that cannot be done. I
know the immigration that is flowing into the Ter-
ritory of Idaho; I know the wants of those peo-
ple; and I know, sir, that this appropriation is
needed.
Mr. KASSON. If they have not been able to
expend there, because of the Indian title or other
cause, the appropriation of $10,000,1 ask whether
it is expedient for us to increase the amount so
originally appropriated. It seems to me that that
is enough until ithas beenexpended. Itis known
that it does not interfere with the squatters' title,
and that their rights will be preserved when the
land is surveyed. Of course it is convenient to
them to have the land surveyed so as to secure
their title, but why appropriate more money when
the $10,000 has not been expended ?
Mr. WALLACE. The squatters are not in-
terfered with; yet so long as the lands are unsur-
veyed, and they cannot procure patents from the
Government, the settlers are unwilling to go on
and make the improvements that they otherwise
would make. In order that the lands may be sur-
veyed and these improvements may go on, I ask
this appropriation may be made.
The question was taken on Mr. Wallace's
amendment,and it was agreed to.
Mr. BENNET. 1 move to insert the follow-
ing:
For collecting statistics of the wealth and extent of the
mineral lesources of the States and Territories west of the
Missouri river, under the direction ot the General Land
Office, $35,000.
I ask the Clerk to read the letter which I send
up.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"Department qp the Interior,
General Land Office, March 1, 1665.
Sir : In answer to your letter of to-day as to " some spe-
cial effort" for a small appropriation to obtain data respect-
ing the " immense mineral domain" as l>aMS for a legisla-
tive system, I have to state that this oflice is impressed
with its necessity to the public interest, and has brought
the mauer, tune and again, with all the force at command,
to the attention of Congress and the country, as shown in
our annual reports of 1861, 1862. 1863, and 1864.
We have an aunterous and aigentih'ious legion of a mil-
lion square miles, mter.speised with beds of coal and the
useful metals—copper, non, lead, and tin—and yet are ab-
solutely left without means lor taking the very fiist step
for securing a system which shall make this magazine of
wealth available to the United States Trea«uny, and that,
too, when the taxing power inexorably invades every in-
dividual interest, and even now is inadequate !
Shall the enactment of such a system he deferred for two
years longer because means are now denied or withheld
to make explorations on the spot, gather up accuiate in-
formation as to localities, values, local mining usages, so
as to enlighten the public mind, submit to Congress a pro-
ject for the great end in view, and yet not unnecessarily
disturb local usages?
Let it be remembered that $1,000,000,000 have already
been extracted without a dime of revenue to the Treasury,
and that, when the rebellion is crushed, a million and a
halfot armed men arc to be restored to civil pursuits, and
what more eilicient in solving the pioblem of their ea«y
business restoration than to open those inviting, magnifi-
cent fields of enterprise under a well-devised system which,
while giving support to multitudes ot individuals, will re-
lieve the nation and diminish taxation?
To prepare the way to this end by personal explorations
upon an economical basis of expenditure, and hasten re-
sults to be laid before Congress, an appropriation of§25,000
should be at once made, as repeatedly recommended by
this office.
WitU great respect, yuur obedient servant,
b J. M. EMfTJNDS,
Commissioner^
Hon. H. P. Bennet, House of Representatives.
' Mr. BENNET. Mr. Chairman, this does not
create any n?w office or any new officer, but sim-
ply enables the General Land Office with the
present officers to make inquiries in reference to
the mineral resources of the country where sur-
veys are now being made. It will afford ample
and necessary information for the legislation
which will be demanded at the hands of Congress
at the next session. Every gentleman will admit
that statistical information is absolutely neces-
sary with a view to proper action on the subject.
1 do not ask for a large appropriation, and I hope
that the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope that the amendment
will not be agreed to.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I move to reduce the
appropriation to §15,000, in order to say a few
words on'the subject. The Committee on Ter-
ritories have fully considered the mailer, and we
believe that this useful information can be better
procured through the efforts of the Commissioner
of the General Land Office than in any other way.
He has already done a large amount of good, has
collected a vast amount of statistical information,
has gathered many specimens of ores and min-
erals, and has done tins without expense to the
Government. 1 hope and trust that inasmuch as
two committees of the House, the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds and the Commit-
tee on Territories, have recommended this ap-
propriation, it will be adopted. We are look-
ing to these vast Territories for the means of
paying our public debt, and therefore let us deal
liberally with them. I believe no more judicious
thing can bedone by this House and by Congress
than to pass this appropriation. This officer is
utterly unobjectionable, devoted to the interests
of the Territories and of the Government as con-
nected with the public lands, and 1ms more infor-
mation in reference to these matters than anybody
el3e in the whole Government. I trust the amend-
ment will be adopted. I will, however, move to
amend by striking out " $25,000" and inserting
"$15,000."
Mr. KASSON. I sympathize entirely with
the gentleman who last spoke touching the im-
portance of this subject, and the only objection I
see to a moderate appropriation for.this purpose
is that in a miscellaneous appropriation bill, un-
der a general direction simply for the collection
of statistics, I fear we do not surround it with
proper guarantees to know exactly in what direc-
tion the money is to be expended. lean see that
it may be required for the transportation of the
specimens alluded to, and their collection here in
Washington; I can see that it may be wanted to
pay somebody to go from one point where he is
now, to another point, to make an inquiry touch-
ing some reported discovery of coal. I can see
also that $3,000 might in this general way bs
given to a particular man for some information
for which he could otherwise get no equivalent.
1 would like to vote for it if it were m a separate
bill, and my only apprehension is that this is not
properly guarded.
Mr. ItlCE, of Maine. I will say that the Com-
mittee on Territories have instructed me to report
a bill, and I intended to bring itforward buthavo
had no opportunity. A bill of this kind passed
the Senate, was referred to our committee, and
the committee recommended that it do pass.
I will withdraw my amendment, and offer the
following, which I think the gentleman from Col-
orado will accept as a substitute for his:
• To enable the Commissioner of the General Land Office to
continue investigations which he has instituted in relation
to tiie mineral resources of the United States, and tile min-
erals, their extent and locality in the public domain, anil
shall report liis doings, as by law lequired in relation to
other business ot the General Land Office, $15,000.
Mr. SLOAN. I believe that this amendment
is one of very great importance to the public in-
terests of the country. The subject to which this
relates has been before the Committee on Public
Lands, of which I am a member. We have given
attention to it with a view of introducing a bill
which should authorize either the Commissioner
of Public Lands, or some new bureau to be cre-
ated, to gather this information which the whole
country demands.
I desire to say in reply to the gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr. Kassojj,] that considering the infor-
mation which we have now, or which we might
perhaps acquire during the present session, it
would be almost impossible to impose any limit-
ation, restriction, or condition to this appropri-
ation that would be intelligent or wise. I deent
it far better to allow this money to be expended
