1262
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
in the discretion of the Commissioner of Public
Lands—a man, as has already been stated, of in-
telligence and integrity, one who has taken a deep
interest in this subject, and who has collected
very much information in regard to it. I believe
every gentleman upon this floor who is acquainted
with this gentleman believes he would expend
the money wisely and economically. Give him
a small appropriation that he may take the initi-
atory steps to acquire this information, to digest
a plan, comprehensive in its scope, to give the
whole country the information which is absolutely
required in reference to mineral lands. I believe
the proposition made by the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Pike] is the propermode of initiating
the acquisition of this information which will ulti-
mately be so valuable to the country.
I therefore hope that the Committee of Ways
and Means will accept the amendment which was
proposed by the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Rice,] and that they will vote this small appropri-
ation of $15,000 for the furtherance of this impor-
tant object, and the procuring of correct informa-
tion in relation to the vast mineral resources of
this country. It is better, in my judgment, that
weshould do that than that the committeeshould
attempt, at this late period of the session, to pass
an elaborate bill with restrictions and limitations.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
rise, in order that we may stop this sort of talk.
Mr. ASHLEY. Let us get a vote on this
amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, if we can do so I will
withdraw my motion.
Mr. BENNET. 1 accept, as a substitute for
my amendment, that offered by the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. Rice.]
The question was taken, and the amendment,
as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 desire now to have the
question of oider finally settled in reference to
the provision in relation to the National Acadcmy
of Sciences. 1 find that by the charter granted to
them in 18G3, they are required to report to Con-
gress. Theu* report is made in pursuance of their
charter.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hold in my hand the act
organizing this Academy of Sciences. I ask that
the second and third sections of it be read, as bear-
ing upon this question. I insist that this appro-
priation has no authority of law, and that we are
not required to publish this report to any further
extent than we alieady have done.
The Clerk read, as follows:
li fc?i;c.2. Jliulbe it, further enacted, That the National Acad-
emy of ^cteuees shsill consist of not more than fifty ordi-
naiy members, and the said corporation heiefoy constituted
shall have power to make its own organization, including
its constitution, by-laws, and rules anil legulations; to fill
all vacancies created by death, tp«i«naiion, or otherwise;
to provide for the election of foreign and domestic mem-
beif, the division into classes,and all other matter* need-
ful or u<ual in such institutions, and to report the tame to
Coujjros.
" Skc.3. Jhidbc it further enacted. That tin* National Acad-
emy of Seieneci sluill hold an annual meeting at such place
In the United .States a-? may he designated, and the Acad-
emy shall, whenevei called upon by any Department of the
Government, investigate, examine, experiment, and report
upon any subject of wience or art, the: actual expense of
such investigations, examinations, expeiirnent«i, and rc-
poits to be p.ml from appiopnations which may be made
lor the pui po>e; but the Academy shall leceive no compen-
sation \\ hatever lbi any services to the Government of the
United sState4*."
Mr. HOLMAN. My point of order is that
by the second section they are required to report
their organization to Congress; and in the third
section there is an express provision that they
shall receive no compensation for their services.
They have already mudeareport, which has been
published. My point of order is that there is no
authority of law for the further publication of their
report.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair havingexam-
ined the subject, overrules the point of order.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I hope the amendment
wiU notbeadopted. I trust thatgentlemcn will no-
tice the character of this little report. It is of very
little value to the Government, in my humble
judgment, although 1 do not profess to be compe-
tent to decide upon such questions. It is simply
another of those element*, of expenditure which
are giov/mg upon the Government day after day.
When this institution was organized, I think the
debates wiii show that it was asserted that it
would not cost the Government one cent, and
now, after their report has been published m the
ordinary way, here is an appropriation of $6,000
for a further publication of their work. We
hfcve already published the reports which they
have made in a volume which I send up to the
Clerk's desk; and now we are asked to appropri-
ate $6,000 for its publication.
Sir, 1 think we had better pension these men
at once, instead of deceiving the country by this
indirect way of sustaining a certain class of men
at the public expense. It would be more honor-
able, and more consistent with the duty which the
Congress of the United States owes to the Ameri-
can people, to put these men upon the pension
list rather than to appropriate money for them
year after year.
Mr. KERNAN. I would ask the gentleman
one question: does he think these men would take
pensions and stop ? I have not the least idea in
the world that they would.
Mr. HOLMAN. Neither have I. My ex-
perience is that the more you foster such enter-
prises the faster your expenses increase. The
very first year after the organization of this so-
ciety we are asked to appropriate, in addition to
the ordinary expenses of publication, the sum of
$6,000 for such publications as they may see fit
to make. It is not in accordance with the duty
which the Congress of the United States owes to
the American people thus to bolster up particular
interests at the expense of the whole people.
Mr. CHANLER. My friend from Indiana
[Mr. Holman] is entirely mistaken in thechai-
acter of the institution that he has just assailed,
and in the objcct of the appropriation that he op-
poses. 1 do not believe that Congress can favor
an institution more creditable to the country, or
can do anything more beneficial to the interests
of science or the dissemination of general knowl-
edge. There is no deception used in this matter.
There is nothing in the National Academy of Sci-
ences that infringes on the rights of any class, or
encourages one class to the injury of another. It
is a purely scientific body of men, professors of
learning in the chief colleges of the country, and
men versed in the various departments ofscience,
giving their experience and acquirements gratu-
itously for the general advancement of human
knowledge. There are many questions aiising
from time to time in the administration of the
Government that are elucidated by these means.
We can look with pride and admiration at the
records mnde in the history of American science
by scientific labors like those of Franklin and
other great minds.
Such an institution as this is a necessity for
every great Government in the solution of im-
portant problems jelatingto coinage, to the alloys
of metals, to commerce, to navigation, to astron-
omy, and to many matters involving abstruse
calculation. Men who devote themselves to such
studies are brought here at stated times to com-
pare their views, and, by the collision of intellect,
to develop and correct views. The reports of
their meetings and the results of their labors and
investigations should certainly not be hidden from
the people. I look upon it as one of the best in-
dications of the onward progress of our repub-
lican Government that we pay as much attention
to these high scientific subjects as the older or-
ganizations of Government do. I call the atten-
tion of the gentleman from Indiana to the results
of such scientific academies in Europe in regard
to improving the health, the food, and the com-
fort of the humbler classes of society, so as to re-
move from his mind the impression winch would
certainly not coexist with an accurate knowledge
of the facts. It was to such an academy as this
that Napoleon referred for advice in relation to
the best manner of feeding his armies, the simplest
methods of transporting them, and for the scien-
tific details necessary to carry on his great oper-
ations. I mightdebate on the usefulness of such
an institution, on its practical benefits to the whole
people; but the immediate question is, shall we
suppress at this time the publication of the pro-
ceedings of this institution in its very infancy,
before its capacity has been tested and proved?
I hope not.
Mr. KASSON. Mr. Chairman, I wish to state
two or three facts, without indulging in general
debate, to show the character of the publications
proposed by this society, and to show its relations
to the practical business of the country. For ex-
ample, here is one articlc that it wishes to publish:
"Note on the changes that,have taken place in
the bar of Charleston harbor since the sinking of
obstacles in the main channel, as developed by
the United States coast survey." Another is
" On the dimensions and proportions of Ameri-
can soldiers," a subject which is connected, to
some extent, with the military expenses of the
Government. Another is on "A regulator for
mairitaininguniform motion, and an apparatus for
recording time observations in type." "On the
mineral lands of the United States, and the rela-
tions of the Government to their management."
"On the origin and distribution of petroleum in
the United States." I might go on mentioning
the character of the papers proposed to be pub-
lished by this society if time were allowed me to do
so. I will cite only one additional fact: that ex-
periments mnde under the direction of a committee
of this Academy on the one article of oil resulted
last year in the saving of $40,000in the expendi-
tures for the light-house establishments of the
United States. These are facts known to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and which have
induced it to recommend this small appropriation
in order to perpetuate in type the important dis-
coveries ana observations of that national insti-
tution.
At the request of the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means I move that the com-
mittee rise for the purpose of arranging for an
evening session.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose, and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Pike reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had had under consideration the bill (H. R. No.
78G) making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
Senses of the Government for the year ending
une 30, 1866, and for other purposes, and had
come to no resolution thereon.
ENIIOLLED BILL.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled an act (H. R. No. 772)
to provide ways and means for the support of the
Government; when the Speaker signed the same.
DAILY RECESS.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the House take
a recess to-day from half past four till hajf past
seven o'clock, p.m.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I rise to a privi-
leged question." I move to reconsider the vote
by which the House lastnightpassed a joint res-
olution or bill authorizing the Secretary of the
Navy to advance an additional sum of $250,000
to Paul S. Forbes, under his contract for con-
structing a steam sloop-of-war.
The SPEAKER. That motion will be entered
on the Journal.
Mr. STEVENS. I modify my motion, and
now move to rescind the previous order of the
House in regard to its daily sessions;.and move
that to-day and hereafter the House take a recess
each day from half past four till half past seven
o'clock, p. m., until otherwise ordered.
The motion was agreed to.
PORTAGE LAKE HARBOR, MICHIGAN.
Mr, DRIGGS. I now call up the motion sub-
mitted by me some days ago, to reconsider the
vofe by which the House recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands a bill (H. R. No. 745)
granting land to the State of Michigan to aid in
building a harbor and ship-canal at Portage lake,
Kfwenaw Point, Lake Superior.
Mr. COX. I ask to have the bill read. I un-
derstand it is a substitute for the bill originally
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
The SPEAKER. The Committee on Public
Lands, on the 16th of February, reported this
bill back to the House, with an amendment in
the nature of a substitute, which they asked to
have printed,and then it was recommitted to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. DRIGGS. I can explain the bill in a few
moments.
Mr. STEVENS. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Michigan [Mr. Driggs] to let this
go over for the present, and have it come up the
first thing after we meet this evening.
Mr. DRIGGS. 1 will agree to that, with that
understanding.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot say what
