THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
TILE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED Br F. & J. 1UVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session.
"WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 1,1865.
New Series No. 32.
mond,and undertook to condemn them to death,
we selected the son of General Lee and another
officer and said, "Commence hanging whenever
you please, and we will hang this son of,your
commander-in-chief." Was any hangingdone?
No, sir. When they took colored soldiers and
placed them under fire from our fortifications, and
we retaliated by putting an equal number of their
white soldiers in the Dutch Gap canal under their
fire, were not the colored soldiers instantly re-
leased? When they took fifty of our officers and
placed them under fireat Charleston, and we took
an equal number of their officers, and placed
them under fire on James Island, how long did
it take them to decide whether it was good policy
to continue,that barbarism to our prisoners ? So
it has been in every instance, and so it will be.
Now, sir, I do not sympathize with the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts in these humanitarian
views of his. I believe it is in accordance with
justice and with national honor thus to retaliate
and to retaliate at once; and I believe the civil-
ized world will hold us to a rigid accountability
for not retaliating. They say already," You have
not dared to retaliate; you have permitted fifty
thousand of your soldiers to be sacrificed because
you dared not thus retaliate." Sir, I believe the
country will hold the man to a rigid accounta-
bility who does not meet this issue, and meet it
upon its merits, and meet it fairly.
But, sir, the Senator from Massachusetts goes
further, and says:
Jln<l he it fuiliter resolved, That the United State*, filled
with griei'and deepest sympathy for cherished citizens who,
a? orticer? ami MiUluM-^have become the victims 01 Heaven-
delving outi age. hereby declare their &olcmn detei initiation
to put an end to this gieat iniquity by putting an end to the
rebellion ol which it is the natural fiuit.
Well, sir, 1 am in favor of putting an end to
the rebellion at the earliest possible moment. I
am in favor of using every implement that God
or nature has put in our hands for terminating it
at once; but meanwhile, until it shall be termi-
nated,! am not in favor of allowing out helpless
prisoners in rebel hands to perish by thousands
because we dare not meet the responsibilities of
the occasion. And again, he says:
That to secure this humane and righteous consumma-
tion, they pledge anew their be«t enemies and a'l the le-
souroes o( the whole people, and they call upon all to bear
witness tiiat in tins necessity warlare with haibausm they
lenounce all vengeance and eveiy evil example, and plant
themselves firmly on the sacred laudmaiks ol civiU/sation.
Mr. President, vengeance has nothing to do
with this just measure of retaliation. There is
not a sentiment of vengeance m my heart, it is
justice and simple justice to our suffering prison-
ers that induces me to cast my vote for this res-
olution. If 1 did riot believe this retaliation would
lead to a change of policy on the part of the rebels
1 would not vote for it; but in every instance
where we have adopted retaliation hitherto it has
proved efficacious, and I believe it will prove effi-
cacious unto the end.
Mr. President, I had hoped this resolution
would be passed unanimously by this body. I
had hoped that this body would present to the
country and to the rebels the spectacle of perfect
unanimity in this just measure, and as I said be-
fore, 1 did not intend to open my lips in its dis-
cussion, nor have I done so until the present
moment. If this measure shall not be passed, if
it shall be defeated in the Senate, those who de-
feat it take upon themselves a fearful responsi-
bility before the country. I say to the Senators
from Massachusetts, if you take the responsi-
bility of defeating this just measure of retaliation,
upon your heads rests the blood of every single man
who is murdered by these barbarities—not upon
the heads of the rebels, but upon yours; and the
country will hold you to that responsibility, and
you cannot avoid it, because it is known to the
country as it* is known to this body that if we
adopt this retaliation these barbai ities will cease.
Now, sir, when this vote shall be taken I .mean
to call for the yeas and nays,and if Senators are
prepared to go before their constituents and to
justify themselves in saying that we owe no pro-
tection to the soldiers who have fought so nobly
32
ft>B years, but will abandon them to their cruel
fate, i shall leave them to meet that issue and to
explain it to their constituents as best they may.
I shall take no such responsibility. I shall vote
fortius measure of retaliation, ana for any meas-
ure of retaliation that promises to be effective.
Ay, sir, I will carry it to the point of starvation.
A Senator the other day put the question, would
you carry it to the stake? Yes sir, 1 will carry
it to the stake, and 1 will carry it to any extent
that is necessary to preserve the lives of those
suffering and helpless prisoners now dying by
thousands in the hands of these accursed, hell-
ish rebels.
Mr. McDOUGrALL. Mr. President, I am not
disposed to enter into this argument, it cannot
be made an exact argument. It belongs rather
to the power of recognizing instinctive truths
than to the fields of intellectual argumentation.
In and about a question I cannot well argue, 1
will state. If through my statements may run a
thread of argument, I may rather beg than boast
as to all that belongs to what may seem advanced
as argument.
Mr. President, it has been within the limits of
my opportunity to have read something of that
intense and terrible revolutionary movement, cen-
tering m Paris, and radiating throughout con-
tinental Europe, and populatly known as the
Fiench Revolution; tohavercad ofParis, Fiance,
agitated into madness; the fired caldron bring-
ing like slag to the surface all the evil passions
of mankind.
At the worst agitated period of that terrible
episode in history there appeared a man, brought
from out the cellars of Paris, a man marked in
history, known then and now by the name of
Marat. Marat et. id represented the anarchy of
their period. Marat first. Marat left this world
before I remember to have been the light. I have
not seen him depicted by any artist. I have only
in my mind's eye conceived the Marat. He is
not remembered in poetry or song; he has been
sufficient to add a black page to history. 1 never
expected, I never wished, to realize Marat in
human form. At first, listening to the fierce, sav-
age, and terrible demands made by the Senator in
charge of this measure [Mr. Wade] 1 could not
but feel the presence of Jttarat, name him as you
will, in this Senate Hall.
Mr. President, I will not attempt to reason or
argue this question. Those who can make it a
matter of discussion, abandon the base of true
argument. They abandon their own conscious-
ness of justice, the truth, the right.
The historian who shall write the record of this
discussion, for it is an important one, in charac-
terizing the qualities of this revolutionary period,
in discussing the moral character of the American
people, the North American people, if you please,
their relation to humanity and to high civilization,
will investigate the debate which goes into the
records of the nation, and read what has been said
by men calling themselves leaders of opinion,
Christian men, waging war in favor of humanity,
and reading this record, he will pronounce this
judgment: " The great Republic of North Amer-
ica,- calling itself the very representative of the
highest civilization of the age, on this particular
occasion was on the very verge of barbarism, and
in council hall, in Senate chamber, proposed to
realize the wild scenes that were spasmodic in the
French Revolution, but otherwise have not been
realized since the terrible wars of the middle ages."
I speak not so much of the resolution as of the
sentiments of Senators, which have more to do
with the subject-matter, when I say that rules have
been pronounced here which have been repudiated
by alljust, wise, true-thinking men forcenturies—
great men who have tried to elevate our imperfect
humanity up out of barbarism into true civiliza-
tion. It is to me—and 1 am not a sensitive man,
but profess to be a Christian man—somewhat
terrible to hear proclaimed such sentiments, opin-
ions, and judgm^htsas have been proclaimed here
on this floor, particularly by the gentleman who
has charge of this proposition.
In the nam^ of liberty, in the name of human-
ity, and, through the clergy, even in the name of
the Prince of Peace, we are invited to retaliate,
upon whom? The one who has done the wrong?
No, but upon any person whom we may obtain
as a victim. In ancient times victims that were
sacrificed were either fair animals, or else they
were the outcasts of'the land. Ever since the
beginning of the Christian era this idea of vic-
tims has been ignored by teaching, by word of
mouth, but not by acts and deeds, at least not by
acts and deeds on the part of a great portion of
those who profess the religion of the Prince of
Peace. You take twenty or fifty or one hundred
prisoners who in their own conscience think they
are maintaining their just rights, and because
wrong has been done to others of an adversary
party, they are to go through privations such as
were practiced in the dungeons of Venice, such
as were known in Spain under Ferdinand and
Isabella and Torquemada.
Mr. President, I have been taught to think that
revenge is one of the qualities that pertains to
Erebus and black night, and tfiat revenge is one
of the crimes that compels the ghosts of men to
wander long upon the Stygian shore; but, sir,
the Senator from Ohio wants vengeance. Had
-he not better remit that vengeance to Him whose
vengeance is
" Not like human Ire,
Blown in an instant to a scorching fiie ;
Hut fixed and certain, though it long may lie
Wrapped in the vast concealments of the sky?"
The world has pronounced judgment upon the
wrongs of past ages. The Council of Ten lies in
the teeth of our period. Their wrongs were
woiked in the name of liberty and religion. We
shall fall below those periods and justify a more
emphatic condemnation if we, forgetting the les-
sons of the Christian faith, ignoring the lessons
taught by Him,thehighest, upon iheMount,caU
for multitudinous crucifixions.
There is a lex talionis; it belongs to the acci-
dents and necessities of war. It is called for by
the immediate occasion, and must be adminis-
tered by the commander in the field, and he is un-
derstood to understand both the laws of war and
of nations; were it otherwise he would not be
equal to command. This power belongs to the
Administration, to the Executive, and conse-
quently to the war power.
Permit me to ask how you are to furnish arule
of retaliation to govern armies in the field ? Can
we here in our seats in the Senate Chamber fur-
nish it? No. Can the President furnish it? No.
The present occasion furnishes it,as it may seem
a military necessity as between belligerents in the
field.
The Chief Executive is Commander-in-Chief
of the Army and Navy. Wc direct him to do an
act belonging to administration and the exercise
of his military authority.
Mr. President, I have not been pleased with
some of the impingements of the executive upon
the legislative department of Government. It is
my moie particular duty to aid in preventing the
department of legislation interfering with the
proper offices of administration.
Mr. President, I did not rise to argue; I did not
rise to say anything that might be characterized
as a speech, but that I love and am proud of my
country; therefore I could not sit silent and with-
hold my oral protest against sentiments which, if
they should obtain by the voice of this Senate,
would entail a disgrace upon our period in the
history of this nation.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to submit a
very few remarks in reply to a portion of the re-
marks of the Senator from Ohio. He has, I have
no doubt, assigned the true reason, if there is
any, for Use passage of this resolution. During
the presidential canvaas last fall I said that the
present President of the United States should not
be reelected for the reason that he had failed to
take care of our prisoners. I charged itupon the
stump. They said I was a copperhead. I did
not charge it as fiercely as the Senator from. Ohio
