498
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
has done. If he were out in my country and
^sfiould make the accusation against the President
•which he has made this morning they would de-
nominate him the worst copperhead in the world.
However, I do not propose to interfere in this
fight. It isa beautiful sight to see brethren agree-
in^just exactly as they do herenow. I haveonly
to say in reference to this fight that I believe both
sides are right, and I want to see. the quarrel go-
ing on.
Aside from that, I desire to call the attention of
the Senate to a portion of the remarks of theSen-
atorfrom Ohio, and to illustrate, if I can, by the
very point that he called up, the correctness of the
position that I assumed. The Senator says that
where an individual has committed murder he has
forfeited his life, and men take his life in vindica-
tion of the law by the law. Let me ask the Sen-
ator from Ohio,if a man poisons another and that
man is convicted of the poisoning, do they in any
civilized country poison the man who has been
convicted?
Mr. WADE. Does the Senator want an an-
swer?
- Mr. RICHARDSON. Certainly, I will yield
for an answer.
• Mr. WADE. I find no fault with the law that
attaches to murder, by any means, either by poi-
soning or in any other way; but 1 said, and still
say, that the object and justification of the pun-
ishment is not to'be found in vengeance or vin-
dictiveness against the prisoner", but, according
to all the writers, because it is supposed to have
the effect of preventing such ctimes in the future.
That is the justification; and it is just so with re- 
tahation.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Civilized nations exe-
cute the man convicted of murder; some in one
mode, and some in another; but none of them
metes out the punishment just exactly as the act
was performed.
Hut, sir, the Senator says that Butler, and Sher-
man, and Grant, have given the notice and ex-
ercised the power. That is all that I claim.
Mr. WADE. They exercised the, power and
then gave the notice.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The argument that I
made was, thatCongress had not the power,and
that the officers in the field and the President of
the United States had. They have exercised it.
They have the power to-day. You confer no
additional power upon them by the passage of
this or any resolution. I ask the Senator if he
believes that the passage of this resolution will
make the President of the United States act any
faster than he has done?
Mr. WADE. I hope and expect it will. I
have no doubt it will.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Then does the Senator
propose in every measure where the President
does not go forward fast enough in the discharge
of his duty to urge him by Congress? Is not
this one of the powers conferred upon the Presi-
dent and the generals in the field, and restrained
from Congress because it is conferred upon them ?
Have you the power to direct how the President
shall exercise power conferred upon him ? You
have the right to pass laws. This is not a law;
it is a mere resolution. You invite the President
to interfere with your authority by interfering
with his rights and powers.
My objection to the resolution is not to retalia-
tion, but because it is a power belonging to an-
other department of the Government, and not to
us. Senators cannot escape from the point by
sayingthat the rebels have committed great enor-
mities in the treatment of our pnsuncis .n then
hands. I agree to that; but I assert that the power
to retaliate is lodged in the Executive and in the
generals in the field, if they fail to perform their
duty, with what grace can the Senator from Mich-
igan say that Senators will be held responsible
for every prisoner of ours that dies in the hands
of the enemy? If the President has the power
and neglects to exercise it, and in consequence of
that the responsibility devolves upon him, let the
Senator from Ohio and the Senator from Michi-
gan, who elected-him over my exertions and my
efforts, turn their batteries upon him; and not
upon me and other Senators here; let them not
say that we shall be responsible to the country
and to ourprisonersfornotdischargingourduty.
Those who have preceded us have not imposed
the duty upon us; it does not belong to us; it be-
longs to the President of the United States and
the officers in the field. Those officers have ex-
ercised it. The complaint here is that the Presi-
dent will not exercise it.
Mr. President, it would be, in my judgment,
highly improper to pass this resolution after the
remark made by the Senator from Michigan.
The construction given to acts and resolutibns
by their advocates goes into history. The Sen-
ator from Michigan declares that he would starve
man for man. This nation should not place
upon its records an act which', according to the
construction given to it by its friends, would
place us on the same footing with a barbarous
and savage foe with whom we are dealing. In
my judgmentit would be highly improper to pass
such a measure as this; and I am therefore op-
posed to it.
The power of retaliation, ample and complete,
exists in the President, and can be exercised.
Why, then, does the Senator say that we are re-
sponsible? For one, during the thirty years of my
political life I have endeavored to discharge my
duty, and let the consequences take care of them-
selves; and with the period so near at hand when
I shall pass forever from public view, I am un-
willing now by any threats of responsibility to
be driven from a position that i believe to be
right.
The Executive has his duties to perform and
Congress theirs. That this is a duty devolving
upon the Executiveis a fact well established,and
it has been often exercised. I do not believe, if
you pass the resolution, that it will help a single
prisoner in a single instance. I believe that the
resolution proposes to exercise a power belonging
exclusively to the Executive, and 1 am therefore
opposed to it.'
Mi*. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I regret
that when the motion was first made by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts to recommit all these
propositions to the Committee on Military Affairs
it was not at once done. I think the committee
would have returned a resolution to the Senate
that might perhaps have received almost! the unan-
imous support of the body; for, although there
has been much discussion here, so far asi under-
stand the temper of the Senate and of those who
have engaged in the discussion, all would agree
substantially upon the passage of a resolution
which shall conform to the precedents set by Con-
gress heretofore, the Congress of 1799 and the
Congress of 1813. If we look back into the pre-
cedent which was set us in 1813 we shall find that
this question then arose mainly from the fact that
the English, who were at war with us, took every
means in their power to enlist the savages as allies
in their cause, practicing all the savage barbar-
ities which grow out of Indian warfare upon our
inhabitants. Piesident Madison called the atten-
tion of Congress to the subject in his message of
December, 1813. He used this language:
il The systematic perseverance of the enemy in courting
the aid of the savages in all quaiters had the natural effect
ot kindling their onlumiy propensity to war into a pa^ion.
which, oven among those best disposed towaid the United
States, was ready, it not employed 011 our side, to be turned
against us. A departute from our protiaoted forbearance
to accept Ihe seiiices tendered by them has thus^ been
forced upon us; Imt in jioldmg to it the retaliation has
been mitigated as much as possible, both in its extent and
its chaiacter."
The whole subject of the conduct of the British
in that war with us was brought up in Congress,
and an act was passed containing two sections on
this subject of retaliation. The words of the act
are as follows:
"An act vesting in the President of the United States the
power of lctaliation.
" Be it cnactcii by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
in all and every case wheiein, during the piesent war be-
tween the United States of Ameiica and the UmleiT King-
dom of Great Butain and lieiaiid,any violations of the laws
and usages of war among civilized nations shall be or have
been done and peipetrated by those acting under authority
of the British Government on any of the citizens ot the
United States, or peisons in the land or naval service of
the United States, the President ot the United States is
hereby authorized to cause full and ample retaliation to be
made, aceotding to the laws and usages of war among civ-
ilized nations, lor all and eveiy such violation as afoie-
said."
The second section provides—
"That in all cases where any outrage or net of cruelty
or baibarity shall be or has been practiced by any Indian
or .Indians in alliance with the British Government, or in
: connection with those acting under tire authority of the said
Government, on citizens of the United States or those under
its protection, the Piesident ot the United States is hereby
authorized to cause full and ample retaliation to be done
and executed on sucli British subjects, soldiers, seamen, or
marines, or Indians in alliance or connection with Great
Britain, being prisoners of war, as if the same outrage or
act of cruelty or baibarity had been done under the authority
of the British Government."
These two sections were passed by the Con-
gress of 1813, and I presume, notwithstanding all
.the discussion we have had here for two or three
days on this subject, that if when the Senator
from Massachusetts moved, after the first day's
discussion; that all these various propositions
should be recommitted to that committee, it had '
bfeen agreed to, they could have, as he intimated
when he made the motion, agreed, and agreed
unanimously, upon a proposition which would
have received almost the unanimous support of
the Senate. But, sir, the debate has gone on,and
some portions of the debate, and the spirit in
which it has gone on, I, for one, deeply regret.
I will say to my friend from Ohio that I regret
that he should undertake to say tha't every man
here who votes forthe motion of the Senntor from
Massachusetts 1ms 110 sympathy with our soldiers
in rebel prisons, or that we have sympathy with
the rebellion, or that we are not in favor of taking
every means which the laws of civilized war will
allow, to prevent 
Mr. WADE. I do not think I argued in that
way. I argued it on the ground that they had
lost self-respect more than any sympathy.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 do not know that what
the honorable Senator now says makes his por
sition any better. It is not for that Senator to
dictate to me or other Senators on this floor the
measure of his own self-respect. I say to that
Senator that while my sympathies for our sol-
diers who are in prison are, I believe, as quick
and as warm as his, while 1 am prepared to do
all that the laws of civilized warfare will permit
to rescue them from the prisons of their confine-
ment, 1 do not yield to the dictates of frenzied
passion in its declamations here, that would over-
ride the laws of civilized warfare, because it is
averred by Senators that if I do not agree with
them and follow their lead I sympathize with the
rebellion, and have no sympathy with the pris-
oners of the United States m the hands of the
rebels. When gentlemen disagree with me in the
course they pursue on this floor, I never impute
to them an unpatriotic motive. I have no right
to do so. I am bound to respect them upon this
floor as my equals, and that they act from mo-
tives as conscientious, as pure, and as patriotic
as my own; but while I do not assume to dictate
to others, I, for one, am not willing that there
shall be this assumed authority here to dictate to
me.
Now, Mr. President, a single word in relation
to the proposition of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr, Wilson.] The Senator from
Ohio denounces the proposition that commissaries
should be sent to look after our prisoners in rebel
hands as an unheard-of thing.
Mr. WADE. Commissioners, not commis-
saries.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the word " commis-
sioner" is used m the resolution, it is evidently a
mistake for the word " commissary," for commis-
saries are the parties that are always sent to look
after prisoners, and not commissioners. The
law of nations on that subject is perfectly clear.
By the modern usage of nations, and su fm as
the law of belligerency is concerned, it would ap-
ply, and has applied, to the rebel prisoners as
well as our own prisoners in rebel hands. We
have already appointed commissioners or com-
missaries of exchange.
Mr. WADE. I have no objection to that.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The honorable Senator
says he has no objection to that. Then why does
he denounce the proposition of the Senator from
Massachusetts, which intends that and nothing
more, stating in the resolution itself the puipose
for which these persons are to be appointed, to
go and look after our prisoners. The language of
the resolution contains in substance that proposi-
tion. I will lead from an authoiity on this sub-
ject:
(i By the modern u^age of nations, commissaries arc per-
mitted to reside in the respective belligerent countries lor
the purpose of negotiating and cairying into effect the ne-
cessity arrangements for the sirpportas well as the release
and exchange of prisoners of war."
