1264
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
campaign is due somewhat to its not being inter-
fered with?
Mr. GARFIELD. That may be true; but 1
would like to have the report of the committee
on theconductofthe war to show that, if it is true.
Mr. GOOCH. I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. PERRY. I move that the resolution be
laid on the table; and upon that I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 49, nays 80, notvoting 53; as
follows:
VEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Ancona, Baily, Augus-
tus C. Baldwin, Bliss, Brooks, Chanler, Clay, Cox, Daw-
win, Denton, Edgcrton, Eldridge, Engli„h,Fmek, Canson,
Grider, Hall, Herrick, Ilolraan, Philip Johnson, Kalb-
fleisch, Keriian, Knapp, Law, Lazear, Le Blond, Long,
Mnllory, Marcy, Middleton, William H. Miller, James R.
Morris, Nelson, Pendleton, Perry, Pruyn, lladford, Rogers,
James S. Rollins, Ross, William G. Steele, Stiles, Strouse,
Stuart, Tracy, Ward, Wiinley, and Winfield—49.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnold, Ashley, John
D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Blaine, Blow, Boutwcll,
lioyd, BroomaU, Freeman Clarke, Cobb, Coflroth, Cole,
Thomas T. Davis, Dawes, Dixon, Dunioilt, Eekley, Ehot,
Frank, Garfield, (Jooeh, Grinriell, Gnswold, Hale, Higby,
Hooper, Asaliel \V. Hubbard, John If. Hubbard, Hulburd,
Kasson, Kclley, Francis W. Kellogg, Oilando Kellogg,
Knox, Littlejohn, Loan, Longyear, Marvin, McBride,Mc-
Clurg, Samuel F. Miller, Moortiead, Mornll. Daniel Morris,
. Amos Myers, Norton, Odell, Charles O'Neill, Orth, Patter-
eon, Pcrham, Pike, Pomeroy, Price, William II. Randall,
Alexander H. ltiee, John 11. Rice, Edward II. Rollins,
Schenck, Scofield, Shannon, Sloan, Smithers, Stevens,
Thayer, Thomas,'l'ownsend, Upson, Elihu B. Washburne,
William B. Washburn, Whcelei, Wilder, Wilson, Wiu-
dom. Woodbridgo, and Worthington—80.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. William J. Allen, Alley, An-
derson, Blair, Brandegee, Jaines S. Brown, William G.
Brown, Ambrose W. Clark, Cravens, Crc-nvcll, Henry
Winter Davis, Deming, Donnelly, Dnggs, Eden, Farns-
wortli, Harding, Harrington, Benjamin G. llairis, Charles
M. Harris, Ilotehkiss, Hutchins, .lngersoll, Jenekes, Wil-
liam Johnson, Julian, King, McAllister, McDowell, Me-
Indoe, McKitmey, Moriison, Leonard Myeis,Noble, John
O'Neill, Samuel J. [landall, Robinson, Scott, Smith,
Spalding. Stan, John B. Steele, Sweat, Van Valkenbuigh,
Voorhees, Wadsworth, Webster, Chilton A. White, Joseph
W. White, Williams, Benjamin Wood, Fernando Wood,
and Y eaman—53.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. GANSON. Would it be in order now to
ask the Committee on Military Affairs to report
in reference to the Old Capitol prison?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. lobjectto
any question being asked now.
Mr. GARFIELD. I call for tellers on order-
ing the mam question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Johnson,
of Pennsylvania, and Gooch, were appointed.
lite House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 73, noes 26.
So the main question was ordered; and under
the operation thereof the amendment to strike out
" thirty" and insert "ninety" was agreed to.
The concurrent resolution, as amended, was
passed.
Mr. GOOCH moved that the vote by which the
resolution was passed be reconsidered; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MISSOURI AND KENTUCKY WAR CLAIMS.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask unanimous consent
to report back from the Committee of Ways and
Means with an amendment, a bill (S. No. 359) to
1 reimburse the State of Missouri for moneys ex-
pended for the United States.
Mr. HOLMAN. Was that bill referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means?
The SPEAKER. It was recommitted to the
committee.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to reporting the bill.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 move to suspend the rules I
to enable me to do so.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to know whether
the object be to refer the bill to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union or to put it
upon its passage.
Mr. MALLORY. Of course to put itupon its
passage. 1 call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Mallort
and Holman were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 80, noes 20.
So the rules were suspended.
Mr. MALLORY thereupon reported the bill.
The amendment, which was read, appropriates
the sum of $2,300,000 to reimburse the State of
Kentucky for moneys expended in raising, equip-
ping, and supplying troops for the United States,
such sum to be disbursed by the commissioner
under the same restrictions and upon' the same
conditions as are provided for the State of Mis-
souri.'
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a question of order.
The rules were suspended to allow the bill to be
reported only. My point of order is that this
amendment, being an appropriation, it must go
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated to the
House what the motion of the gentleman from
Kentucky was; the gentleman from Kentucky
also answered the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens,] stating what his object was.
Mr. HOLMAN. The' gentleman stated that
he moved to suspend the rules to enable him to
report the bill.
Mr. MALLORY. And to put it upon its pas-
sage.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order upon the ground that the rules were
suspended in order to allow the committee to re-
port the bill for consideration at the present time.
Mr. MALLORY. The amendment merely
places Kentucky on the same footing precisely
that the bill places Missouri. The bill author-
izes the appointment of commissioners to exam-
ine and audit the accounts of Missouri for money
expended in raising, arming, and equipping troops
called out by the Governor of Missouri and the
Federal Government to aid in the suppression of
rebellion in Missouri. My amendment provides
for just the same thing in relation to Kentucky.
In both States men were called out by the State
Executive, and then received into the Federal
Army and used by the Federal Government. We
provide in this bill that an accurate'examination
of the whole matter shall be had by commission-
ers appointed by the Government of the United
States. Not a cent is to be paid unless those
commissioners find, by undoubted evidence, that
the money has been advanced by those States. It
also provides that the Government shall be cred-
ited with the amount the State owes the Govern-
ment by direct taxes, and the balance, if there be
any balance, shall be paid by the State.
I do not know that it is necessary that I should
detain the House further. The justice of the case
is apparent; and the impossibility of defrauding
the Government out of a cent is so well estab-
lished by the bill that I can see no earthly objec-
tion that any man can have to voting for it. If
I could I would try to remove it, but I cannot,
and therefore I call the previous question.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me for a moment.
Mr. MALLORY. I will do so; I withdraw
the demand for the previous question.
Mr. GARFIELD. I wish to say to the gen-
tleman from Kentucky that a bill has been re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs in
reference to the payment of the Missouri State
militia, and a report on the subject has been di-
rected by them to be made. 1 have prepared such
a report.
Mr. MALLORY. I must claim the floor.
Mr._ GARFIELD. 1 hope the gentleman will
indulge me for a very few minutes.
Mr. MALLORY. I will yield for a few min-
utes to the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. GARFIELD. I wish only to state the case
as the Committee on Military Affairs understood
it. The Missouri State militia were raised in pur-
suance of general order No. 90, which provided
that the State militia of Missouri should be re-
ceived into the service of the United States, and
be paid, fed, and clothed, but no mention was
made of bounties. They were not to go out of
the State of Missouri, as provided by the exact
terms of the order, except for the protection of
that State. I have the order in my hand.
Mr. LOAN. These men were not connected
with this matter.
Mr. GARFIELD. Well, I have the order be-
fore me which was sent to me by the Secretary
of War in answer to the inquiry of the Military
Committee in regard to the Missouri bill now be-
fore them. Now, by an act of March 25, 1862,
the Secretary of War was ordered to pay these
troops raised under this order the same pay and
emoluments, including bounty, that other volun-
teers ill the service of the United States received.
, Mr. LOAN. Will the gentleman allow me one
moment?
Mr. GARFIELD. Let me get through with
my statement. A few weeks subsequently to
that a joint resolution was passed by the same
Congress ordering the Secretary of War to sus-
pend all payments under the act of March 25, and
to appoint three commissioners to go to the State
of Missouri and make a full and complete exami-
nation of all the claims referred to in the act. The
time allowed the commissioners was subsequently
extended six months, and they continued their
examination and made a full report on all the
questions committed to them by the law appoint-
ingthem. Oneof the earliest acts that the Thirty-
Eighth Congress passed—the third, I think—waa
to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
some $700,000 in full for all claims for pay, sub-
sistence, clothing, and bounties, in the depart-
ment of the West known as "the department
of the Missouri." It was understood at the time
that that settlement, made in pursuance of the re-
port of the commissioners, was a settlement in
full of all dues to the troops in that department.
A law was also passed putting the Kentucky
troops upon the same basis as all other volunteers
except as to bounty. The bounty was excepted
in terms,and now it is proposed that another bill
shall be passed doing still more for Missouri
troops. This may be perfectly proper, but it is
incumbent upon gentlemen from that State to
show us what troops these are, whether they are
the same that we have at leastfive times legislated
for and appointed commissioners to adjust their
claims. I make these remarks with no design to
obstruct any just claim of Missouri, but to elicit
some explanation of this bill. I think, with the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Mallory,] that
we ought to appoint a commission to do as much
for the Kentucky troops as we have done for the
Missouri troops. But I do not understand how
we can be called upon to do any more for the
Missouri troops than we have already done with-
out knowing what troops they are, and when,
how, and where they have been employed.
These are my questions.
Mr. BLOW. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] has certainly notexamined
the bill he is so harshly criticising, nor do I be-
lieve, sir, he has read the Senate report, which
so clearl y establ ishes the j ustice of the claim made
by the State of Missouri. The gentleman is mis-
taken in considering the home guard claim with
this bill. He is entirely mistaken in supposing
that the laws and orders he has alluded to have
any connection with the troops proposed to bo
paid by this bill. If I can get the undivided at-
tention of the House for a few minutes I will
make a statement and show so clearly the justice
of its provisions, that I think even the gentleman
from Ohio will be satisfied that he is entirely mis-
taken til every point he has made,as every ques-
tion he has asked will be fully answered. This
bill was introduced in the Senate on the 19th ot
December last, by Hon. Mr. Henderson, and
on the same day referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia, and ordered to
be printed. Since that time every member of the
two Houses from Missouri has watched its prog-
ress with an interest which can only be appre-
ciated by those who have lived in the midst of
civil strife as we have, know what it has cost to
advance the men and money as we do, and have
witnessed the steady but inevitable decline of all
those blessings which once rendered our State
the most attractive portion of our country. On
the 18th of January last the bill was ably re-
ported from the Military Committee by Hon.
Mr. Brown to the Senate, and the report ordered
to be printed, and on the 9th ultimo, after a brief
presentation of its just and simple provisions,
was passed by that body unanimously. It cama
£°. wa9 promptly referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means, and is now presented by
that committee for the favorable consideration of
the House. To say that few bills have been
more carefully presented, examined, and consid-
ered than this, is only to announce the truth. In
Missouri we had too much at stake to suffer a
single error to be made, and hence the mass of
information and evidence presented was such as
demanded the confidence and respect which have
been awarded.
I bog that the Clerk may read the following
