THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY F. & J. RIVES. WASHINGTON, D. G.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, MARCH 3,1865.
New Series No. 80.
extracts from the debate on the bill. Our Sena-
tors hav$ stated the case so compactly that it
will occupy but a few moments to obtain a per-
fect knowledge of it.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"Mr. Henderson. This bill provides for an appropri-
ation of money, and therefore I know that there will be
unwillingness on the part of Senators to pass it, as tiiere
has been; and it is proper, it is nothing but right, to ex-
amine caiefuily and critically all measures of this charae-
teu I do not come here asking foi any bonus to the State
of Missouri, or anything that is not peifectly and legally
just. There is a report irmde by my colleague (repoit No.
107) from the Committee on Military Affaus, where the
subject was thoroughly examined. That  ct& out all the
facts connected with this matter. A bill was passed m 1862 ;
to adjust affairs of this character in the State of Missouri, j
but no adjustment was ever made, and not one dollar has
ever been paid under that bill. It provided that the direct
tax which iiad been levied on the .State by the act of 1861
should be set otf against the moneys appiopuated for the
payment of our troops.
"The circumstances may be readily stated. Tn 1861, at
the time of the beginning of the insurrection in the State,
we had no Fedoial tioops there, and large numbers of mi-
litia were called out, fir<t by General Lyon, and aftenvaid
by General Fremont. Tiiere was an act passed thatpio-
viiicd for the payment of these troops, and that has been
settled ; but the State convention passed a military bill in
the fall of 1861; and in the spring of 1862 another invasion
of the State was made under Coffee, Hughes, and various
other parties, who had under their command a large foiee
in northern Arkansas. They came into the f^tatc hi large
torce, and we lound ourselves entirely without the neces-
sary militaty force to eject them. A provision had been
made by which the military commander of the depattmeut
of Missouri was to be the major genet al of the State militia.
The design of this, the Senate will see, was to have enuie
and perfect coopeiation between the *5tate foiees and the
United States forces. The design was that the State mihua
should in 110 way be used in opposition to the commands
of the United States officers. The United States ofheers
called them out. The Scnatois will see, for instance, on
page 14 of the report, what General Schofield says iniegaid
to portions of this torce:
" cTlic" ten provisional regiments" which the Governor
organized for continuous service and placed under my com-
mand enabled nie to telieve an equal ioice of United States
tioops, and send them to Geneial Giant. On several oc-
casions I have called out from one to lour additional regi-
ments for ternporaiy service to meet the emeigeneies as
they have ansen. Wall a few exceptions, they have re-
sponded with promptness and alacrity, and have done good
t>eivice.
" { As an example illustrating the value of this organiza-
tion,on the J8th instant I called out the seventh regiment
of St. Louis to relieve troops in the city which 1 wished
to send after Shelby. VVuhni fcix hours after the order
was made the whole city was under the guaid of this iegi-
inent and a few' colored reciiiits, and the old troops were
ou then way to Jefteison City. The legiment was, just
as valuable to me, during the short time that its services
were requited, as a. regiment ot regular troops would have
been.'
" Senators will see on pages 9 and 10 of this report the
number of regiments that have been called into the field
under the militia laws of the State, and the time that they
have actually served. There have been at vauous times
a many as seventy ot eighty odd rogiments called out, be-
cause the militia organization in the State is perfect and
complete. They have been called into setvice only at
times of actual inva&ionor uprising in the State, when we
could not do without them.
"They have always been called out under the orders of
the major general whom the President has sent to take
command of that Department. For instance, Senators will
see on page 15 that General Curtis, under date of April 23,
1863, says:
" Headquarters Department or thr Missouri,
" St. Louis, Jipnl 23,1883.
" I desire to strengthen my forces on the Southwestern
Branch railroad, and also on the Iron mountain load.
"A formidable rebel force lias entered southeast Mis-
couii, which must be immediately repelled.
" I desire you to call out tbiee or four regiments of en-
rolled militia on each of the three roads for thirty days'ser-
vice, and that three legiments may be added to the stiength
of this city.
"I have the honor to be, Governor, your obedient ser-
vant, S. It. CURTIS,
" Major General.
"His Excellency Governor H. R. Gamble.
"And the Governor immediately gave the following
order:
"St. Louis, Jifvil 23,3863.
"The adjutant general will order General MeCormick
to call out three regiments for active service—say thirty-
second, SiXty-fouith,and sixty-eighth. He will order Briga-
dier Geneial Crawfoid to call out tinee legiments for active
service, to he embodied at suitable points. He will order
Brigadier Geneial Edwards to call into service three regi-
ments of his command. AH for thirty days.
"11. 11. GAMBLE.
" I have before me the figures showing the money that1
had been expended by the State up to July last; but Gen-
eral Rosecrans called a large force into the field during the
80
last fall, and in regard to that subject I have no figures. The
State of Missouri is now called upon to pay that force. I
have no figures eitherfrom the quartermaster's department
or the pay department in legard to the uoops called out by
General llosecrans.
" I will state, further, that General Dodge has called out
a large force there very recently, under an order dated Jan-
uary 30, 1865. 1 notice that in his order he has embodied
this provision:
"k The troops when called out will be clothed and sub-
sisted by the General Government, and armed, equipped,
and paid by the State, as provided by the military hill.'
"Though these men have been called out by the Fed-
eral authority, the State of Missouri has been required to
pay the troops. Not only that, but in the early pa) c ot the
war they compelled us to supply quarteimaster's stores for
these tioops.
"Mi. Johnson. Was any settlement made under the
act of I860?
"Mr. Henderson. No further than to adjust the ac-
counts so tar as our direct tax was concerned. The Sec-
ictaiy of the Treasury was requited, under the act of I860,
to offset our direct tax against the expenditures we iiad
made for the militia.
" Mi. Johnson. Is that tax to be deducted out of this
payment?
" Mr. Henderson. Yes. One of the provisions of the „
bill is that it shall be deducted. The pay department ac-
counts show that the amount due to u& up to July last was
§4,006,919 49, and the quartermaster's up to January 1 of
last year was §984,314 61, making an actual pa>ment by the
State of Missouri of {$4,991,234 10. Our diteet tax under
the act of 1861 was $761,127 33, leaving an amount due of
$4,230,106 77; but, as I have staled, these liguiesdonot
include the expenses of the oigamzation called out last fall
by Geneial llosecrans.
" Mr. Johnson. I want to know whether the approptia-
tlon of §4,0QU,U00 made by this bill is, in full ol' all the de-
mands .
" Mr. Henderson. I ask no more, and I have asked no
more because I cannot well do it. I have not the figures
fiom the pay department and the quartermasters depait-
ment. The quartermasters department will be able to
send but few figmes, because the United States have sub-
sisted the troops that have been called out within the last
year, and from the pay department 1 have no figures since
the ldt of July, and have not attempted to include them. I
do not want anything unless it be found by the commis-
sioner to be appointed by the United Slates utidei this bill
that the accounts are just and ptoper, that the tioops weie
called out as specified in the bill by United States ofBeois
under the command of United States officers, and acted m
conjunction with the Federal troops, and acted only when
they were absolutely needed, and not a dollar 13 to be paid
out at highei rates than were allowed for the same service
by the United States."
Mr. BLOW. Mr. Speaker, thepeopIeofMis-
souri are sound to the core, and have that kind of
pride and energy which always commands respect
and sympathy. We are no beggars, sir, and do
not come here to ask the bounty of our Govern-
ment, but to pray that justice may be done our
loyalty, and that sacrifices for the Union cause
may be recognized, at least so far as to repay into
our impoverished Treasury the money advanced
for furnishing and subsisting troops, under the
command and control of the United States.
Perhaps some honorable member who lives in
a part of our country where the misery and dis-
aster of the last four years have not penetrated will
conclude that we can do without this $4,000,000
for a while longer. If there is such a gentleman
in this body i beseech his attention while I state
a few facts concerning our material interests alone;
for the history of our sufferings, the bravery of
our troops, and the earnest tone of loyalty in
Missouri are, I trust, impressed upon the nation.
We have lost four years of business, and most
of this period in thiee fourths of our State there
was no safety, peace, or happiness. We have
had some forty counties so thoroughly desolated
that 1 doubt to-day whether there are ten thou-
sand Union men residing in them all. * This ruin
did not cost the people of Missouri less than
$30,000,000 to the 1st of January, 1864,^and in
a single month lgst fall, while Price was making
his grand raid through the southern and central
portions of the State, an additional loss was in-
curred estimated at $13,000,000. This seems
incredible, but is nevertheless a sound estimate.
We have emancipated all the slaves in the Slate
—loyalty demands nothing for its portion, and
rebels ot course are entitled to nothing. In my
own county, as I stated the other day, and am
proud to repeat on this occasion, much as we
have suffered we did not hesitate to tax ourselves
$400,000 for bounties to regiments now serving
in Tennessee, and in three months afterward ad-
vanced our credit for §700,000 more to repair
the damages inflicted by Sterling Price on the
Pacific railroad, and to extend that iron highway
to Kansas; and this great work, running through
the very heart and center of Missouri and throw-
ing protection far into the vast Territories to the
west of us, will soon be completed by the en-
lightened liberality of a people who could only
indulge it by practicing severe self-denial.
But language, Mr. Speaker, fails to convey any
correct idea of how our noble people have suffered,
arid how bravely they stand up against all tho
misfortunes heaped upon us. Our State debt to-
day, by official statements, amounts to $32,907,-
549, of which there is due for moneys advanced
the Government the-foliowing sums:
Amount borrowed by Governor Gamble...  $150,000
Defense wananU   24457$
Union military bonds....   1,771,03d
Amount   ,   2,165,30$
While there is yet due our soldiers at least  l,$Q,0,p,0<5>
Say in all due to-day         ..$3,165,309
We are, therefore, in pressing need of this
sum, and let me say in conclusion that the legis-
lation which enables Missouri to advance to hor
destiny with sure and rapid strides will be re-
paid a thousand fold. This civil war has enlarged
the mind of the nation, and few so dull as not to
see that she is the key to an empire whose lands
hold the treasure which is to restore the national
credit, redeem the national currency, and over
whose vast territory the wealth and travel of the
eastern and western continents will in a few year*
commence a flow which will endure through all
coming time. The Legislature of tho State in
Jefferson City, and the constitutional convention
now assembled in St. Louis, have both memori-
alized Congress, in most earnest terms, to pay
the amount now due and which is so necessary
to furnish the means of public defense.
I pray you, therefore, to remember that what-
ever other States are claiming they have not ad-
justed their amounts as we have, are enjoying
prosperity instead of the miserable uncertainty
which hangs a dark cloud on every hope and in-
terest we have, and that the relief so eminently
due our people, if withheld, may intensify the
fears that are now causing thousands to look to
other portions of our country where greater safety
and ptotection are afforded to life and property.
My friend from Kentucky has my thanks for
the time I have occupied, I could not make my
remarks shorter.
Mr. MALLORY. I have promised to yield
the floor for a few minutes to the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Hall,] and I now do so.
Mr. HALL. I think, Mr. Speaker, that the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] is entitled
to a specific answer. The House should be satis-
fied that there is no effort to pay money over
again by this bill, or to pay money which is not
justly due. I will answer very briefly, specific-
ally, and distinctly the questions which he has
asked. The amount appropriated last winter—
$800,000, I believe—was to pay for this class of
troops. When the President of the United States
first called for volunteers we had in Missouri a
Governor, C. F. Jackson, who was acting at the
time in concert with the rebel government. He
refused to supply any troops at the call of the
Federal Government. General Lyon was in a
strait. Patriotic citizens volunteered their ser-
vices, and under the name of the home guards,
aided General Lyon with troops that were not
militia, because the Governor of the State, being
himself a traitor, would not supply troops. They
were not Federal troops. They were a class of
troops unknown to the law, but they rendered
valuable services. The §800,000 that was appro-
priated last winterwas to pay these home guards
that were called out before the convention of Mis-
souri deposed the traitor Jackson. So much for
that.
The Missouri State militia of which the gentle-
man speaks—ten regiments—were eimplyVakta-
