1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
expense of printing the laws by Little & Brown,
now going on, and was necessary to provide for
the next fiscal year the payment for the publica-
tion by them of the laws of this session. The
Senate, therefore, receded upon that point. The
Senate had reduced the appropriation in conse-
quence of striking out the appropriation for the
publication of tins pamphlet edition of the laws
by Little & Brown, and the confeience restored
it. I ought to remark that this firm are now pub-
lishing the laws at a less cost than that at which
the Public Printer can possibly do it, by reason
of a contract made prior to the rise in the price
of paper. The conference resulted in the restora-
tion of the action of the House on that subject.
The next amendment related to the appropria-
tion by the House for judiciary expenses. In
this the Senate concurred.
The next amendment related to the expenses
in the disposition of land-claims in California.
On this both Houses receded, and they appro-
priated for the use of the office of the Attorney
General $10,000, in lieu of $20,000, as proposed
in the original bill, to be disbursed by him in the
administration of the interests of the Government
in California in connection with contested land-
claims there.
The next point of difference related to the sal-
ary of the circuit judge of the Pacific circuit, and
upon the showing made to the committee of con-
ference they agreed with the proposition of the
Senate to allow the amount of $1,000 additional
for his expenses in traveling over his largely in-
creased district and also coming to Washington
—a difference, by the way, that was recognized
in the original law.
The next point in reference to which a differ-
ence occurred related to the repairing of the court-
house at St. Augustine, Florida. The House
refused that appropriation, and the Senate receded
from their action.
The next question related to the treasurer's
office at Boston. On that also the Senate receded
and concurred in the action of the House.
The next related to the note-printing presses
of the Treasury Department. It was found that
the present Secretary of the Treasury had him-
self prepared and submitted to the Senate the
amendment which svas adopted by that body and
in which this House did not concur. It was
found, however, that the proposition was so
guarded in respect to expenditure, providing for
paying simply for what the Government has taken
and is using, payment to be made only when the
title to the presses and their use was conferred
fully upon the United States, that the conference
committee concurred in the* action of the Senate,
as a matter of simple justice.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. In order
that this matter may be clearly understood, I hope
the gentleman will have read the different propo-
sitions—the House proposition and the Senate
proposition.
Mr. KASSON. The Clerk will read them if
It is desired.
The Clerk read the Senate amendment, as fol-
lows:
Snike out the following:
Provided, That no fursiier expenditures shall be made
for the experimental system of hydrostatic printing by the
Treasury Depaitment mm! s-ueh expeiiments shall have
boon definitely authorized by law, and a distinct appropri-
ation made therefor.
And insert these words :
ProiiduU That the proper accounting officers of the
Treasury be, and thevaie hereby, authouzed and directed
to examine and adjust the accounts of Stewart Gwynne
for pinning presses, machinery, material, and labor fur-
nished and supplied to tlio Tieasuiy Department, and for
expenditures under the authouty of the Secietary, and to
award to lnrn such sum as maybe equitably Ins due, to
In: p.ud fiom the appropriation for tlie expenses of national
loans: Provided finther, That lor items furnished or sup-
plied undei coutfact^no greater sum than the contract puce
shall be allowed: Jind provided further, That before any
payment shall he made, the «. id Stewart Gwynne shall in
such form as shall be pre-cisbed by the Secretary of the
Tieasurw fullv eonveyaiul seeuie to the United States the
ri"ht to "use said pieces and am additional number there-
of! with then machuietv and fuluie mipiovements, in the
TieuMirv biuidmg or anv other building dneeted by the
Secretaiy, for any and all panting the Government may
desire for its own u e and purposes.
Mr. KASSON. I will state that my colleague
on the committee of conference, the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. Davis,] has examined per-
sonally this matter and thoroughly, and I ask him
to explain it more fully.
Mr. WILSON. I ask my colleague whether
the committee, in determining this report in refer-
ence to printing took into consideration that in
the loan bill one per cent, was appropriated for
printing purposes?
Mr. KASSON, That is for another item of
•printing, the printing of bonds, &c. I yield now
to the gentleman from Maryland.
' Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. 1 will endeavor to
make this matter plain in a very few words. Mr.
Gwynne was an employe, not exactly an office-
holder, but an employe of the Treasury Depart-
ment, for the purpose of executing under the au-
thority given to the Secretary of the Treasury to
print certain portions of the money authorized by
the Government of the United States. He pro-
posed to Secretary Chase a particular system of
printing the money. That form was adopted by
Secretary Chase. Mr. Gwynne was authorized
to contract for requisite machinery to print the
money, that which day by day we use, and which
passes from hand to hand. Whether wisely or
unwisely, it was done under the order of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury in execution of a law of
Congress, and was as legal as any other form of
executing that law. AH that the bill now pro-
poses is that the expenses incurred for the machin-
ery which was contracted for in Mr. Gwynne's
name by the authority and with the assent of the
Secretary of the Treasury, which has been ac-
cepted by the Secretary of the Treasury, which
is to-day in operation in the Treasury Depart-
ment, which is to-day printing the money which
is being printed under the act of Congress, shall
be paid. The amendment proposes, and all what
the committee of conference has agreed to is, that
the Secretary of the Treasury has recommended
should be paid as having been contracted under
his order, and it shall have the sanction of the
House.
My friend from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] will be
familiar with the subject, because he was a mem-
ber of the investigating committee by which this
was one of the subjects considered, and whether
wise or unwise he will remember that every at-
tempt to show theie was no legality in the trans-
action entirely failed. Everything done is now
sanctioned by the former letter of the Secretary
of the Treasury, which is among the papers. I
think no other explanation is now needed.
Mr. KASSON. I pass to the next point, in
relation to providing accommodations for the At-
torney General's office and for officers and em-
ployes of the State Department, if necessary, aris-
ing from the extension of the Treasury building
over the site of the State Department, which it is
anticipated will take place during the next year.
In lieu of the arrangement proposed by the Sen-
ate, which seemed to compel the Attorney Gen-
eral to go to the Interior Department, where he
did not wish to go, and where they do not want
him, we have substituted a small appropriation foi;
fitting up and furnishing, if necessary, an office
for the Attorney General when it shall be required.
The next amendment related to the equalization
of the salaries of the Assistant Secretaries. The
majority of the conference committee thought that
it was just, and concurred in the Senate amend-
ment.
The next amendment related to the deficiency
bill, in which the House had non-concurred pro
forma, but the items of which had received us
approval.
The last point was one on which a serious dif-
ference had existed between the two Houses. In
lieu of the resolution proposed by the House and
rejected by the Senate, the conference committee
finally agreed to the lesolution which was read
at the conclusion of the report, providing for an
addition to the contingent fund of the House, to-
be disposed of in payment of contingent expenses
as may be directed by resolution of the House.
■ This is all I liave to say. The bill is a very
long one; a great deal of difficulty attended the
settlement of its provisions; and as the time for
engrossing it is very short i am compelled to ask
the attention of the House to it as early as pos-
sible. I therefore feel constrained to demand the
.previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. # I hope it
Jpwill not be seconded. I want to discuss this
printing matter a little.
Mr, BROOKS. I desire to ask the gentleman
a question.
Mr. KASSON. I yield to answer Any qui#
tion which gentlemen may wish to propose;
Mr. BROOKS. I ask the gentleman whether
this question of hydraulicpresses is not the same
that was discussed by this House, and vofretl
down three to one, some time ago?
Mr. KASSON. Not upon the same facts. Tfid
facts now ascertained by gentlemen who have be^ii
appointed committees by the Senate, and th.ose
w.ho have been on committees from the House,
show that this experiment has approved itself,
aod that the Treasury Department cannot dis-
pense with it. It is now the simple question of
the payment of an honest debt.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 have to say in reply that
there is not a practical printer in the country who
would attempt to use these presses for any such
purpose. And if they work well it is only
when a Senator or a member of Congress comes
in to see them, and break down in ten or fifteen
minutes afterward. I have also to say that this
is aivattempt to ingraftaprivate bill on a general
appropriation bill.
Mr. KASSON. I was aware that the gentle-
man from New York had committed himself by
a former report touching that part of the Treasury
Department, and I donotexpect to be able to cop-
vert him upon the testimony of any sub-commit-
tees, or committees of both Houses. 1 demand
the previous question. ''
Mr. BROOKS. I call for tellers.
Tellers were refused.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oidered.
Mr. WfASHBtJRNE, of Illinois. I call for the
yeas and nays upon agreeing to the report of the
committee of conference.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 87, nays 53, not voting 45;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Ashley, Baxter, Blaine,
Bliss, Blow, Boutwell, Boyd, Broomall, Freeman Clarke,
Cobb, Cole, Henry Winter JJuvis, Thomas T. Davis, Daw-
son, Demmg, Dixon, Dricgs, Dumont, Eckley, Eliot,
Farnsworth, Flunk, Garfield, Gooeh. Grtder, Gihmell,
Gn<wold, Hale, llmbv. Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard,
John 11. flubb.ird, lntr<>rM>il, Jenokes, ICasson, ICeliey,
FiancisW. Kellogg. Orlando Kellogg, King, ICtmx, Law,
Liulejohn, Loan, Longyear, Maltorj, Maivm, MeBiido,
iVlcding, Samuel F. Milhr, Moorhead, Morull, Daniel
Morns, Amos Myer«, Leonard Myers, Norton, Odcll,
Charles O'Neill, Patteison, Perhum, Pomeroy, Price, Wil-
liam ii. Randall, Alexander II. Kice, John II. li/cc, Ed-
waul II. Rollins, Schenck. Seofield, Shannon, Smithers,
Stevens, Stuart, Tbaver, Tiaey, Upson, Wf.rd, William
B. Washburn, Webster, Whaley, Williams, Wilder,
WJndom, W'mfield, Woodbudge, Woithmgton, and Yea-
man—i*7.
NAYS—Messrs. Jaines C. Allen, Ancona, Arnold, Au-
gustus C. Baldwin, John I). Baldwin, Bemnan, Brooks,
Chanler, Cl.iv, Coffroth, Cox, Dawea, Denison, Eden,
Edgeiton, Eldndge, English, Finck, Gannon, Hanington,
Henick, Ilolman, Philip Johnson, Kalbtleisch, Kernan,
Ivii.ipp, Le Blond, Long, M.ticy. Middleton. William II.
Miller, Janus R. Moriis, Moriw>n, NeUori, Noble, Orth,
Pendleton, Perry, Pike, Radford, Rogers, Ross, Scott,
John li. Steele, William G. Steele, Stiles,Strouse, Sweat,
Thomas, Townsend, Ehhu B. Washbumo, Chilton A.
White, and Wilson—53.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. William J. Allen, Alley, An-
den on, Bailv, Blair, Brandegee, James S. Biown, William
G. Brown. Ambrose W. Cl.uk, Cravens, Cre«weJI, Don-
nelly, flail. Hauling, Benjamin G. Hart is, Charles M. Hai-
ris, Hotehkbs, Hulbind, Ilntchins, William Johnson,
Julian, Laze.tr, McAllister, McDowell, McIndoe,MeKin-
nev, John O'Neill, Pruvn, Samuel J. Randall, Robinson,
James S. Rollins, Sloan, Smith, Spalding, Starr, Van
Valkenburgh, Voorhees, Wadsworth, Wheeler, Jo^epii
W. White, Benjamin Wood, and Fernando Wood—49.
So the report was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON moved that the vote by which
the report was agreed to be reconsidered; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The lattermotion was agreed to.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, from the committee of con-
ference on the Army appropriation bill, reported
that the committee on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the amendments to the bill (H.
R. No. 683) making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Army for the year ending the.30th of
June, 18GG, having met, after full mid free confer-
ence, had agieed to recommend and do recommend
to their respective Houses that the Senate recede
from their fourth amendment; that the Hoyse of
Representatives recede from their disagreement
to the second and third amendments of the Senate;
that the Senate recede from their disagreement to
the amendment of the House to* the sixth amend-
