1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
501
the Army and Navy employed for the defense of the Gov-
ernment against the existing rebellion, and the onerous
taxes imposed upon the people for the purpose of meeting
such expenses, it is the sense of this House that no law
ought to be enacted whereby the salary or compensation
of any class of employes of the Government shall be raised
or increased.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suggest to the gentleman
that he should modify his resolution by inserting
after the words "employes of the Government"
the words it except the soldiers."
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from "Wis-
consin demands the previous question.
Mr. STEVENS. I thought that all these res-
olutions went to some appropriate committee.
The SPEAKER. That part of the morning
business embracing bills on leave and joint reso-
lutions has been gone through with. This is the
call of States for resolutions, under which the
gentleman has the right to demand the previous
question in the same manner as was done last
Monday on the paper-duty bill.
Mr. STEVENS. Unless the gentleman will
consent to have the resolution referred to some
committee, 1 move that it be laid on the table.
Mr. COBB. On that motion i demand the yeas
and nays; and call for tellers on ordering the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were notordered; and the yeas and nays
were notordered.
The motion of Mr. Stevens was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the Resolution was laid on the table, and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TAXATION 01? STEAM AND SAIL VESSELS.
Mr. BR&WN, of Wisco nsin. 1 offer the fol-
lowing resolution, on winch I demand the previous
question:
Resolved, That the Committee nf Ways and Means are
hereby instiueted to inquire into the expediency of &o
amending the laws taxing earnings' of steam and &:ul ves-
sels as to levy a tax on the net instead of gross earnings.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the resolution was adopted.
POLITICAL PRISONERS.
Mr. ELDRIDGE submitted the following res-
olution, and demanded the previous question on
its adoption:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
spectfully requested, and the Secretaiy ot State and Sec-
retary of War be dirceK'd, to lepoit and fuini&h to this
House the names of the persons, if any there are, who >
have been arrested and are now held in impugnment or j
confinement m any prison, fort, or other place whatsoever,
for political offences or any other alleged offense aganihtthe
Government or authority of the United States by the order,
command, consent, or knowledge of any of them, or either
o{ them lespeetively, and who liave not been charged, tried,
or convicted beloie any civil or criminal (not military)
comt of the land, together with the chaige against such
person, orcause for such arrest and imprisonment,excepting
only such persons as may at the time of their an eat have
been in the military or naval service of the United States,
together with the name of the person, fort, or place wheie
they are severally kept or confined; nl&o whether any per-
son or persons, for any alleged like offense, have been ban-
ished or sent from the United States, or those notin rebel-
lion to the rebellious States, the name.-, ume\. alleged of-
fenses, and causes thereof; and whether with or without
trial; and if tried, before what court.
The SPEAKER. This being a call on the
executive departments for information, must, if
objected to, lie over one day.
Mr. SLOAN. I object.
INCREASE OF INTERNAL REVENUE.
Mr. SLOAN submitted the following resolu-
tion, and demanded the previous question on its
adoption;
Resolved, That the Committee of Wnys and Means be,
and hereby are, instructed to report a bill amending the act
to provide internal revenue, &c.. so that the revenue pio-
duced by &aid act shall be increased at least Unity-three
and a third per cent.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mairc question ordered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The resolution is an
absolute instruction of the Committee of "Ways
• and Means.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask the gentleman from
Wisconsin to modify his resolution so that it will
direct the committee to inquire into the expedi-
ency of increasing the internal revenue, &c.
Mr. SLOAN. I decline to modify the resolu-
tion.
Mr. ELDRIDGE moved that the resolution be
laid on the table.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 73,
noes 19.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was laid on the table,
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by his Private Secretary, Mr.
Nicolay, notifying the House that he had ap-
proved and signed on 28th January, instant, bills
of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 659) making appropriations
for the service of the Post Office Department dur-
ing the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1866;
and
An act (H. R. No. 677) to amend an act en-
titled "An act to provide ways and means for the
support of the Government, and for other pur-
poses, approved June 30, 1864."
TOBACCO AND MEDICINES FOR SOLDIERS.
Mr. McINDOE submitted the following res-
olution; which was read,considered,and agreed to:
Whereas many of our soldiers in the field are so situated
that they can obtain many of the necessaries of life onlj by
mail from their fi tends at home, and as many complaints
are made in legard to the exorbitant rates of postage they
aie compelled to pay upon many articles, imposing upon
them a burden to which their limited pay is unfit: There-
lore,
Be it resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be dnectcd to inqune into the expediency
of po amending existing postage laws that soldiers in the
field may be enabled to receive the following enumerated
articles at theiaieatwhichthey receive packages of cloth-
ing, to wit; tobacco and medicines.
DISTRICT OF OREGON.
Mr. McBRlDE submitted the following res-
olution ; which was read,considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce he instructed
to inquire into the expediency of so amending the act oi-
ganizing the district of customs known as the District of
Oregon as to include the city ot Portland within the limits
of said distiict, and to repoit by bill or uthrrwise.
BRANCH MINT AT DALLES, OltKGON.
Mr. COLE, of Washington Territory, pre-
sented the memorial of the Legislative Assembly
of Washington Territory, in relation to the branch
mint at Dalles, Oregon; which was referred to the
Committee of Ways ami Means, and ordered to
be printed.
KKMOVAL OF CUSTOM-HOUSE.
Mr. COLE, of Washington Territory, also
presented a memo: ial of the Legislative Assembly
of Washington Territory, praying Congress to
remove the custom-house from Port Angelos to
Port Townsend; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
CONTRABAND MANUFACTURE OF LIQUORS.
Mr. INGERSOLL submitted the following res-
olution; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Rcsokcd, That the Committee of Wnys and Mentis is
hereby lnstiilcted to inquire whether any lurther legislation
is necessary to prevent the contraband manufactuie ot do-
mestic liquors; and further to inquire mto the practicability
of establishing a uniform system 01 mode of causing and
inspecting domestic liquors throughout the United States,
which shall he tile basis of all sales, except by special
agreement to the contraiy.
THANKS FOR GENERAL BUTLElt's REMOVAL.
Mr. ROSS submitted the following resolution,
and demanded the previous question on its adop-
tion:
Revolted, That the thanks of Congress and of the coun-
try are due, and are hereby tendered, to Ins Excellency
Atnaham Lincoln, President of the United States, for re-
lieving fiom seivice Major General Benjamin F. Butler.
Mr. GRINNELL moved that the resolution
be laid on the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is discus-
sion in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
discuss the resolution, and I hope the previous
question will not be seconded.
The question was put, and it was decided in
the negative—ayes 37, noes 70.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to de-
bate the resolution.
The SPEAKER. Then -the resolution goes
over under the rule. :
Mr. MALLORY. Did not thegentlemajifroro
Iowa [Mr. Grinnell] move to lay the resolution
on the table ? • ;
The SPEAKER. The Chair did notjiesx it,
and did not entertain the motion. > .
Mr. GRINNELL. I made the motion.
Mr. MALLORY. I heard the gentleman make
the motion.
The SPEAKER. Then the Chair will con-
sider the motion as pending.
Mr. MALLORY. On the motion to lay the
resolution on the table I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE,of Illinois. I understand
the Chair did not hear the motion, and did not
entertain it. I demanded the previous question,
jnd that motion was put.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is mistaken.
His colleague demanded the previous question,
but the gentleman from Illinois hoped it would
not be seconded.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Did the gen-
tleman from Iowa rise in his seat and make the
motion ?
Mr. GRINNELL. I did.
The SPEAKER. The Chair entertains the
motion, as he has uniformly done, on the asser-
tion of the gentleman from' Iowa that he sub-
mitted it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is not the
gentleman at liberty to withdraw it?
The SPEAKER. He is; but the gentleman
persists in the motion. _
The question was put, and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 97, nays 43, not voting 42;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Arnold, Ashley,
Bnily, John 1). Baldwin, Baxter, Bemoan, Blaine, Blair,
Blow, Boutwell, Brooniall, William G. Brown, Ambiose
VV. Clark, Freeman Clarke, Cobb, Cravens, Henry Winter
Davis,Thomas T. Davis, Dawes, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs,
Eckley, Edij)i, Edgerton, Eliot, Fainswortll, Finck, Gar-
field, Gooeli, Grinnell, Iligby, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Asahel
VV. Ilubhaid, John H. Hubbaid, Hnlburd, lngersi.il,
Jenckes, William Johnson, Julian, Kalbfleiscli, Kelley,
Francis W. Kellogg, Oilando Kellogg, Knox, Law, Lmle-
John, Longvcar, Marvin, MeBride, MeCluig, McTmioe,
Samuel F. Miller, Moorliead, Mori ill, Daniel Moiris, Mor-
rison, Amos Myers,Leonaul Myers, Odell, Charles O'Neill,
Ortll, Fattcrsou, Peiliani, Pike, l'ltee, William fi. Randall,
Alexander II. Rice, John H. Rice, Robinson, Edward U.
Rollins, Schenek, Scofield, Sloan,Smith, Smulicrs,Spald-
ing, Starr, Stevens, Tlwyei, Tiacy, Upson, Van Valken-
bui"h,Ellliu B. Washburrie, William li. Wa-hburn, Wha-
ley, Wheeler, Williams, Wilder, Wilson, Wiudom, Fer-
nando Wood, and VVorliilligton—-97.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Ancona, Augustus C,
Baldwin, Bliss, Boyd, James S. Blown, Clay, Coffiotll,
Cox, Dawson, IVnison. Eldndue, Frank, Ganson, Glider,
Harding, Harrington, Chailes M. Harris, Ileriick, ilol-
mati, Ilutchlns, Keiiian, King, Li* Blond, Loan, Long,
Mallory, McDowell, William 11 Miller, Nelson, Noble,
John O'Neill, lloss, Scott, John B. Steele, William G.
Steele, Stiles, Smart, Wadsworth, Chilton A. White, Jo-
seph W. White, Win field, arid Benjamin Wood—43.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. William J. Alien, Anderson,
Brandegee, Brooks,chanler, Cole, Creswell, Iteming, Du-
inont, Engll.-h, Oriswold, Hale, Hall, Benjamin G. Harris,
Philip Johnson, Kas-on, Knapp, Lazear, Marcy, McAl-
lister, McKinney, Middleton, James It. Morris, Norton,
Pendleton, P^rry, Pomeroy, I'lliyn, Radfoid, Samurl J.
Randall. Rogers, James S. Rollins, Shannon, Strouse,
Sweat, Thomas, Townsend, Voorliees, Ward, Webster,
Woodbridge, and Yeamau—42.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
Mr. GRINNELL moved that the vote last
talcen be reconsidered, and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Sec-
retary of War transmitting a stajjement fiom the
Adjutant General as to I he publication of the Array
Register; which was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed. ,
RECRUITS TO FILL UP OLD REGIMENTS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of War in re-
ply to a resolution of the House respecting re-
cruits enlisted to fill up old regiments.
The communication was read, as follows:
War Department,
Washington' City, Januaiy 2b, 1885.
Sir: In answer to the resolution of the House, dated De-
eeniber 15,1884, making inquiries concerning certain al-
leged letters and orders respecting recruits enlisted to nil
