THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
$d regiments, T have the honor to submit the annexed
report ofthe Adjutant General.
To the resolution of the House of Representatives of the
7th ofUanuary^ relating to the same subject, and inquiring
Why the information called for by the previous resolution
had not been furnished, I have the honor tp state that the
delay in answering was occasioned by the pressure of busi-
ness upon this Department, and the necessity of examining
orders, correspondence, and master-rolls embracing a pe-
riod of more than two years, and relating to the enlistment
©fji^an'y thousand solders.
J "iTie^xlgencies-of ttie'service in the field, and absence
, occasioned by sickness, or on public business, have much
-reduced the.experienced force in this Department. This,
and the transaction of daily business during the sessions of
JSohgress, unavoidably protract answeis to .calls by coijimit-
jeesarnj Congress for information that requires examination
of the voluminous correspondence and rolls of the Depart-
ment.
Your obedient servant, EDWIN M. STANTON,
t , # Secretary of War,
Hon. ScBUY~x.tr Colfax,
' Speaker of the House of Representatives.
War Dkpartment,
Adjutant Generai.'s Office, _ •
Washington, D. <J., January 28, 1865.
'Sir:' I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt on the
U6th« ultimo of your reference of the following resolution of
the House of Representatives:
December 15,18o4.
' '.On motion offtfr. IIolman,
*>Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to fur-
nish to the House copies of the order issued from ins De-
partment on the 21st day of December, 1863, in regard to
ipcrqits enlisted with conditions that they should be dis-
' charged when their regiments were mustered out of sei vice:
also, copy of order or tetter,dated the22d day of December,
,18)53, qnd addressed to the Governor of the State ol Mas-
sachusetts, in regard to recruits to fill upold regliuonts,aud
that he inform the Home whether the pimciple* announced
in the order above mentioned have been applied to all sol-
diers mustered into the service to fill up the old regiments.
- Attest: EDWARD McPlIERSON,
Cleik.
. In reply, I respectfully report as follows:
- ' 1. Wo order of December 21. 1863, such as appears con-
templated by the .aforesaid resolution, was issued by this
Department.
2. No <*,order or letter" of December 22,1863, was " ad-
dressed to the Governor of the State of Musbuchusetts in
regard to recruits to fill up old regiments."
A copy of a telegram ol July 21. I860, believed to be the
one contemplated by the resolution, and referring to that
subject, is submitted herewith.
In accordance with the intent of that telegram, the re-
cruits enlisted under its special authority in the year 1802.
were mustered out with their icguncnts, but It was held
inapplicable to subsequent enlistments in 1863. ilv a letter
to Governor Andrew, on the 28th ol December, 1863, which
maybe the same alluded to in the resolution, a copy where-
of in annexed, he was informed of the view taken by the
Department, and that while those enlisted specially for the
•unexpired term under the telegram of July 21 would be
mustered out m accoidauce with it, that rule was not then
in force.
3. The principles announced in the telegram of July 21
1862; have not been Sk applied to all soldiers mulcted into
the service to fill up the old regiment*." The .principle ap-
plied to soldiers mustered into the service to fill up old regi-
ments, has been to hold them for the term of seiviee tor
which they were mustered i;;  taking the muf>ter-in roll us
conclusive evidence of the enlistment contract with the
Government, where it was no, modified by express author-
ity of the War Department.
It is believed, also, that in all but these excepted eases,
where bounties were paid, tlK bounty received by the sol
dier corresponds with the musier-m roll.
1 have the honor to be, veiy respect! ully, your obedient
servant, E. D. TOWNSEND,
Assistant Adjutant General.
Hon. E. M. Stanton, Secretary of War,
Washington, J«fi/21,1862, 4.15 p, m.
Governor Andrew, Boston :
You are authorized to say that new recruits for old regi
jneilts will be mustered with the regiment.
EDWIN M. STANTON,
Secretary of War
The foregoing telegram is given as it was written and
transmitted, but Governor Andrew claimed, and no doubt
correctly, that the word " out" was designed to follow the
word "mustered," but had been inadvertently omitted,
and that he had so understood and acted upon it. This
view had been assented to by the Department, so that it
should read as follows:
Washington, July 21, 1862, 4.15 p. m
Governor Andrew, Boston:
You are authorized to say that new recruits for old regi-
ments will be mustered out with the regiment.
EDWIN M. STANTON,
Secretary of JVar.
Adjutant General's Office,
Washington, D. C., December 28, 1833.
Sir: The Secretary of War directs me to inform you
that all men enlisted in volunteer oiganizations from Mas-
sachusetts forlhe unexpired term of service of regiments,
pursuant tt> his telegram of July 21,1862, will be musteicd
out of service and discharged with the legiments to which
they belong. It is of course unnecessary to add that this
rule is not now in force.
I am. sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
y v SAMUEL BRECK,
Assistant Adjutant General 
His Bxo«Hency John A. Andrew,
Govern or of Massuehusalls, Boston.
The papers were referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, in the same
connection, desires to lay before the House a
memorial of the General Assembly of the State
of Indiana upon the same question, which was
sent directly to the Chair to be laid before the
House.
The memorial was received, referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the memorial may
be printed in the (jlobe.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
The memorial is as follows:
To the Senate and
House of Representatives in Congress assembled:
The General Assembly of the State of Indian* respect-
fully beg leave to memorialize your honorable body upon
matters herein set forth, and which your memorialists deem
of great importance to many citizens of the State, and to
which your immediate attention is earnestly requested.
Prior to the 1st of January, 1863, the ranks of the old
regiments then in the field had become so greatly decimated
by hard service and frequent engagements with the enemy
that it became necessary, in order to preserve fcuch organ-
izations, and a general anxiety was felt, both by the people
and the authonues, that tl^ey should be speedily filled up
with recruits.
This anxiety greatly stimulated enlistments, and the.
prospect of serving in companies with expenencpd com-
nules encouraged volunteering.
The men thus recruited in the State of Indiana had the
full understanding that they weie enlisted for the unexpired
time of the old organizations into which they were mus-
tered, and that they would be mustered out of the service at
the expiration of the original term of service of such old
organizations.
In this understanding the volunteer, the recruiting officer,
the State authorities", and the people, fully participated, and
in the absence of any order fioin the War Department af-
fecting the subject, and lor reasons following, this view of
the matter was not unreasonable.
1. At the time these enlistments were made the impres-
sion picvailed generally m the Army, and among the {fbo-
ple, that the war would end and the soldiers be discharged
even betore the expiration of the original teini of service
ot' the organizations into which such recruits were mus-
tered.
2. The recruiting was carried on forparticularregiments,
and not for the service geneially, there being no general
svstem of recruiting for the Army established, thus natu-
rally producing a belief that no service ouMde of or beyond
the term of these regiments would he exacted.
3. The advantages of maintaining old oiganizations, and
placing recruits among old, experienced associates, under
the command of tried othcers, was apparent to all, and it
w.is equally apparent that no rccruits could be induced to
enlist in any oigamzation that would terminate prior to the
expiration of the teim for which said recruits w*re to be
mustered, thereby separating such recruits from their for-
mer comrades and officers, and without their consent at-
taching them to organizations in which they would be total
strangers.
4. Whole regiments had been enlisted and accepted into
the service for term* no greater, thus inducing the belief
that soldiers were desired without particular leferenbe to
the term of service.
5. The impending draft of that year wa<* for a term of
nine months, which induced the belief that voluriteenng
toi a much long peuod,as was the case with such recruits,
would be a judicious uirangcmeut lor the Government.
6. At the tune these enlistments were made no system
of redlining had been deviled or talked of, and of course
there could be no intimation that any regiment would be
continued beyond the tune of it-1 original enlistment.
With these views recruiting officers invariably informed
such leciuits that they weie to be discharged at the expira-
tion of the term of service of the old oiganizations into
which th'.y consented to be musteied, and this was agreed
to and concurred in by the mustering othcers then on duty.
Recruiting and mustering officers werestrengthened in this
view of the case from the general teuor of certain orders
of the War Department, pioviding for and regulating re-
cruiting for old regiments, winch orders when cmically
considered were not as explicitas might have been desired,
but nevertheless were apparently on the hypothesis that
the recruiting was for the old regiments, and not for the
general service, and that they would be dischaiged at the
expiration of the term of such old regiments. One of the
orders reads as follows:
[General Orders, No. 108.]
War Department,
Adjutant Ghneral's Office,
Washington, 28,1863.
1. Whenever volunteer troops are mustered out of ser-
vice, the entire legimentor other organisation will be con-
sidered as mustered out at one time and place,except pris-
oners of war, who will be considered as in service until
their arrival in a loyal State, with an allowance of time
necessary for them to return to their respective places of
enrollment.
By order of the Secretary of War:
3 E. D. TOWNSEXD,
Assistant Adjutant Uenetal.
Nor was this understanding, as your memorialists are
advised, confined to the people ot the State ofludiaua-, but
that it prevailed extensively in other States. And this gen-
eral prevalence of such views tended to strengthen the
same with the people of Indiana. The following official
document was ejuwiulvely published in the public journals,
and .greatly tended to increase the probability of the cor-
rectness of the views generally eutertamed by the people.
War Department,
Adjutant General's Office,
Washington, September 26, 1862.
Sir: In reply to yours of the 21st instant statins the
number of regiments raised and to be laised m your State,
and also making suggestions in reference to filling old regi-
ments, 1 am directed to say that recruits for old regiments
of volunteers for three years or during the war will be dis-
charged at the expiration of the term for which the regi-
ment w;is originally enlisted.
By order oi the Secretary of War:
C. P. BUCKINGHAM,
Brigadier General and A. A. General.
His Excellency Governor Kirkland, of Iowa.
The foregoing facts vour memorialists believe to he suf-
ficient to e&tabhsh the tact that recruits enlisted in old or-
ganizations at the time referred to were fully under the
impression that they were only to serve for the unexpired
time of the organization into which they were mustered,
and that their retention in the sei vice alter such time work?
a great hardship upon them, and is greatly calculated to
discourage and dishearten them. Your memorialists are
fully aware that the muster rolls which said recruits signed
descubed an enlistment for three years or during the war,
but at the same time are informed, and believe, that such
averments m said rolls were explained to them as being
mere technical forms, and would m nowise interfere with
the understanding upon which they were enlisted, and thus
did not distuib the conviction in their ihmds that they
would be discharged with the regiinepts they were as-
signed to; but on the contrary that the Government would,
in good faith to her soldiers, execute fully the agreement
made with them by the recruiting officers.
Your memorialists are fuither mfoimed that this matter
has by his Excellency Governor Morton been fully laid
befoie the War Department, and its action urged m refer-
ence to the same, and that said Department has decided
that it can take no action in the matter, as from the form
of the muster rolls these recruits would be held for a term
of three years, without reference to the expiration of the
term of the organizations to which they belong. But at the
same tune yourniemonahsts are confidently of the opinion
that it is clearly withm- the power of Congress to grant
the piopor remedy to those worthy men, and £our attention
is respectfully but earnestly tailed to the matter, as alike
demanded by ju*.tice, good faith, and sound policy.
One case your memorialists desire to call your especial
attention to, as somewhat differing from all others.
The company of Captain Charles W. Patton, lu the forty-
fifth regiment (or third cavalry) of Indiana volunteers, were
enlisted enure under the full understanding above set forth,
and in all respects are entitled to the benefits in the fore-
going memorial mentioned, as they were recruits mustered
into an old organization. But their case presents another
"merit not enjoyed by any others. So confident were all par-
ties that the recruits weie simply to serve tor the unexpired
term of the old organizations, that the muster rolls, ot this
company show that fact. By reference to such rolls on file
m the office of the adjutant general, your memoiiahsts find
that the certificate of the mustering officer attached to the
muster-in rolls of said company reads as tollows:
I certify on honor that I have caiefully examined the men
whose names are borne on this roll, their horses and equip
ments, and have accepted them into the service of the Uni-
ted States for the unexpired tewn of three years, lor the forty-
fifth Indiana cavalry, unless sooner discharged, from this
11th day of December, 1862.
1 ' JOHN B. MILLER,
Captain Thirteenth, United States Infantryt
Mustering OffUcr.
Date, December 11,1862.
Station, Indianapolis, Indiana.
The forty-fifth regiment, into which this company was
thus mustered, hah reived the full term of three year*, and
has been mustered out of the service of the United States,
except such recruits to the same asabove mentioned, which
said recruits (composing the company of the said Captain
Patton) are still held and retained in service, notwith-
standing the express understanding above referred to, and
the official certificate of the musteiing officer, as above re-
cited. Wherefore your memorialists- respectfully eubmit
the foregoing memorial, and confidently expect that your
honorable body may speedily adopt such measures as the
merits of the case, and justice to the patriotic detenders ot
our common country, require.
JOHN U. PETTfT,
Speaker of the Hoitse of Representatives.
CON HAD BAKER,
President of the Senate,
Attest: CYRUS T. NIXON,
Principal Cleik of House,
A.T. WHITTLESEY,
Principal Secretary Senate,
REBEL RAID ON LAKE ERIE.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from the
Secretary of War,in answer to a resolution of the
House calling for the report of General Dix in
relation to the rebel raid on Lake Erie; which was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
CONTINGENT EXPENSES OP THE HOUSE.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent
laid before the House a report from the Cleric o*
the House of the annual contingent expenses (ti-
the House; which was laid on the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION. *
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Has the mining hour
expired?
