1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBES.
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I asl* unanimous con-
sent to make a personal explanation.
Leave was granted.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It will be recollected
by the House that a week ago to-day my col-
league [Mr. Washburne] introduced a joint res-
olution reducing the duty upon imported paper
from twenty per cent., the present duty, to three
percent. Upon it he called the previous question,
and it was passed by the House without debate.
I now send to the Clerk's desk an article in the
Chicago Tribune, a letter which I understand was
written by an employeofthis House, lask the
Clerk to read it.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"Mr. Washburne's motion to-day,springing the ques-
tion of lepeahng tlie paper duty, took the House by sur-
prise. ICasson, Blow, Pendleton, and Mallory had
been at woik in the Ways and Means Committee trying to
secure a repoit in tavor of a repeal, or at least the reduc-
tion of duty, but Washburnu determined to eut tlie knot
ofdelay by bringing in an nulepenclentresolution and bring-
ing the members squarely up to the question. The paper
monopolists died very liard, and after they saw that the
House was two to one against tbem, they still persisted in
filibustering, under the lead of Jud<;e Spalding of Ohio,
Farnswortii of Illinois, and Broomall of Pennsylvania,
who, together with Rice of Massachusetts, were the con-
spicuous advocates 01 tliistax on knowledge and defenders
of tiic paper monopoly. Several members voted aqaiust the
repeal on the principle of opposing any important legisla-
tion foieed through under the previous question. The vote
does not, therefore, show the full strength of the House in
favor of the repeal. Paper makers are here in foice, and
are exceedingly active in lobbying. They will now con-
centrate their tuli force in the Senate, where friends of the
repeal will also need to bestow special attention. The fol-
lowing are the yeas and nays on the final vote on the pas-
sage of the lepcai m the House."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I pre-
sume that it has not passed out of the recollection
of members of the House what the proceedings
were upon that occasion. It is true that a large
minority of this House opposed the passage of
that resolution, expressing at the time their dis-
sent to that sort of legislation, under the gag rule,
which settles an important question of tariff with-
out discussion and without investigation.
But 1 rose for the purpose of calling the atten-
tion of the House to this article, and of making
an explanation of the position which I occupy
with reference to that resolution. I am not in
the habit of noticing newspaper articles. I am
not either in the habit of looking upon news-
papers with contempt. I have great respect for
newspapers and for npwspaper men. Tlus is the
first time that I have ever occupied the attention of
the House in noticing any article from a news-
paper; but it seemed to me that this attack upon
a large minority of the House, and that, too, by
an employe of the House—for I undeistand this
article was written by the librarian of the House—
is so gross and false and scandalous that it ought
not to pass unnoticed and unrcbuked.
When my colleague [Mr. W^ashburne] intro-
duced-that resolution, I stated to the House that
I hoped it would not pass without discussion,
and when the previous question was pressed, I
moved to lay the resolution on the table, and then
when that motion failed 1 voted against the pas-
sage of the joint resolution. That was the extent
of my action upon that occasion.
This scribbler, however, apologizes for a por-
tion of the members who voted with the minority
upon that occasion. He does not wish his editor
to understand that every member who voted with
Spalding and Farnsworth and Broomall and
Rice of Massachusetts, was equally culpable with
them, for some of them voted against the resolu-
tion upon the ground that they did not like to
settle an important question ol legislation under
the previous question. But he charges upon us
four, and upon some other members who are not
named, that we are paper monopolists, and that
we are tlie creatures of lobbyists for this " tax
upon knowledge," as he represents it.
Now, let me say that I have not seen in this
House, nor m the city of Washington during the
present session of Congress, nor have I heard of
there being here, a paper manufacturer or a lob-
byist for a paper manufacturer. And yet who
does not know that we have been constantly lob-
bied by newspaper men who are in favor of this
reduction of tlie tariff?
Mr. CRAVENS. I rise to a question of order.
I hardly think this is a privileged question.
The SPEAKER. It is not; but the House has
granted unanimous consent to the gentleman from
Illinois to make a personal explanation.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. This is
certainly not a personal explanation. The gen-
tleman is discussing a resolution which passed the
House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that up
to this point the remarks of the gentleman from
Illinois have been in the nature of a personal ex-
planation.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. Itmaybe
personal to other members, but not to himself.
The SPEAKER. When the House gives
unanimous consent to agentleman to make a per-
sonal explanation, it opens a very wide range of
debate.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, the very
writer of this article himself, it seems, is a lob-
byist for the newspaper men on this question;
and not only does he lobby members of the House
here, but he writes letters to newspapers that are
to come back to members for their perusal, to in-
fluence their mind and action in this House, It
is said that this is " a tax upon knowledge!" If
we repeal the duty on paper, had we not better
repeal the taxes that are now levied on articles
that are of prime necessity to the poor man, and
with which he cannot dispense? Had we not
better repeal the tax upon shoe-leather, on tea,
coffee, sugar, and all other articles that the poor
man cannot dispense with, that are articles of
prime necessity, as much so, certainly, as knowl-
edge?
It seems to me, Mr. Speaker, that if my col-
league [Mr. Washburne] had taxed Ins krvowledge
a little more he never-would have introduced Ins
resolution. A tax upon knowledge! These are
the cant phrases, ihe clap-trap expressions, used
by men who seek to repeal this duty; yet we tax
those things which are necessary to sustain life
itself. The shoemakers might with as much pro-
priety cry out against the duties upon leather as
a tax upon understanding! The House will rec-
ollect that while the newspapers can speak weekly
and daily to the members of ihis House and to
the country, the paper manufacturers, the men
representing that growing interest of the country,
can not speak through any such agency. A tax
upon knowledge! You cannot take up a circular
or a petition or a newspaper article on the subject
in whieh you do not find this phrase constantly
repeated. But I would ask any member of the
House whether he has received petitions from his
constituents, fiom those who pay this "tax upon
knowledge" to vote for a repeal of the duty on
paper? 1 have a large constituency, a reading
constituency. There are many newspapcis pub-
lished,in my district besides the city newspapers
that ciiculate there. I have, not received a letter
or petition from any of them asking me to vote
for a reduction or repeal of the tariff on imported
paper. And yet they are the men who are taxed,
as it is said; they are the men who take newspa-
pers and read them and pay for them. If this be
a tax on knowledge, it is a tax that is brought to
their doors and not to the doors of the newspa-
pers.
Mr. MORRIS, of New York. The gentleman
from Illinois has inquired whether any member
has received a petition from his constituents in
favor of the repeal of this duty. It may be per-
tinent for me to say herothat two of the local news-
papers in my district have taken ground against
the icpeal of this duty on paper.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then they arc very
sound papers, and soundly edited. And I am
satisfied that, on theexaminattonof this question,
every reasonable editor throughout the country
will find that he is standing very much in his own
light, and acting against his own interest as well
as against the interest of his country, in striking
thisblow at the large paper-manufacturing in-
terest of the country.
When this subject was first broached to me some
time ago, as it was by newspaper men in the State
of Illinois, I was inclined, without much reflection,
to coincide in their sentiments. I was inclined to
the opinion that the duty should be lepealed. So
much was said to me that 1 commenced an investi-
gation of the subject, and tin: more I examined it,
the more I investigated it,and the more 1 thought
of it, the more I became convinced that the true
policy, not only for the country, but for the news-
papers also, was to let the duty on paper remain
as it is, thus fostering and protecting, ifneedbe,
the manufacture of paper, as we,now do all; other
manufactures, and allow it to regplate itself: by
proper competition. The manufacture of
is steadily increasing in the West. Paper can bf
manufactured there cheaper than perhaps ariy-H
where else in the United States.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania, I rise,to a
question of order. I do not thinlc that every, mem-
ber of this House has a right, under the guise of
% question of privilege, to consume an hour in an-
swering every newspaper paragraph that ,KKiy;
come under his notice. This subject is not a
question before the House, but has been already
passed upon.
The SPEAKER. The House has decided that
tlie gentleman from Illinois should have unani-
mous consent to speak for one hour in personal
explanation. That is the decision of the House,
antl not of the Chair.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I know that it has
been said, and is said by the advocates of the re-
peal of this duty upon paper, or rather by the ad-
vocates of the reduction of the duty to three per
cent., that the Government being a consumer of
paper to some extent, is now a loser by impo-
sing the present tariff of twenty per cent., which
amounts to prohibition, and that, by reducing
that tariff to three per cent., which is the amount
of the excise tax upon manufactured paper, the
Government could derive the same amount of
revenue that it now receives from the manufac-
ture of paper. I want to say a word or two on
that subject.
Now, sir, if the three per cent, excise tax were
all that the Government derived from the manu-
facture of paper, still the reduction of the duty
upon the foreign article to three per cent, would
not bring into the Treasury as much as does the
three per cent, excise tax, because the three per
cent, excise tax 
Mr. MALLOllY. I rise to a question of order.
My point of order is that the gentleman from Il-
linois is not making a personal explanation, but
is arguing deliberately and in extenso a .measure
of public policy. The time will arise when the
gentleman can say all that he wishes to say.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Iam explaining the
reason for my action, which has been criticised-
in this paper.
Mr. MALLORY. Anything whieh involves
an attack on a member individually, which goes
to impugn his motives, may authorize him, per-
haps, under the privilege of making a personal
explanation, to make statements to show that
these charges are false; but I deny that,under
permission to make a personal explanation, a
member can legitimately go into an argument of
a question of taiiff, revenue, or any other such
subject as is being discussed by the gentleman.
I submit that such a course is an abuse of the
privilege extended to him by the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, in deciding the
point of order, would state that, if the gentleman
from Illinois had submitted this matter as a ques-
tion of privilege, the Chair would have ruled that
this debate was not in order, as the gentleman,in
proceeding in this line of remarks, would be de-
bating a proposition which the House had deter-
mined, by sustaining the previous question, should
not be debated. It has always been held that,
when the House grants unanimous consent to a
gentleman to make a personal explanation, the
largest latitude of debate is given. The Chair,
therefore, cannot attempt to control the line of the
gentleman's remarks so long as he confines hipa-
seif to the point upon which he has been criti-
cised, and in regard to which he has asked consent
to make a personal explanation. The House
having, by unanimous.consent, granted him that
privilege, the Chair cannot arrest the gentleman's
remarks.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not intend to oc-
cupy much time, nor to abuse the courtesy ex-
tended to me by the House. But I deem it proper
to explain the grounds of my action in reference
to this question, as it has been criticised by this
newspaper.
I was about to say that the three per cent, ex-
cise tax now paid upon the manufacture of paper
is paid upon the value of the paper manufactured
here, while the tariff which it is proposed to re-
duce to three per cent, is paid upon the value of
the imported article in theforeign country. Now,
