186&
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLO
Should be no more money paid to them for the
transportation of the troops and property of the
United States. It was that proposition, in that
broad sense, which was objected to by the Senate,
upon this ground: that while such might be the
law, yet it would operate harshly upon, not the
Illinois Central Railroad Company—that bloated,
and pampered, and merciless monopoly, and one
of the most stupendous franchises the world has
ever known—but it would operate harshly and
unjustly upon the railroads in other States, the
new roads, as it were, which are not fairly under
way. They therefore struck out the whole pro-
vision. The question then came before the com-
mittee of conference for them to settle. In that
state of the case that committee determined that
they would make the provision apply only to the
Illinois Central Railroad Company, and let the
War Department go on and pay all those other
roads for transportation, if it should see fit. The
proposition of the conference committee does not
propose to interfere with them. But they do pro-
pose that no more shall be paid to the Illinois
Central Railroad Company.
They propose that for these reasons: that com-
pany has already been paid out of the money of
the people, and without warrant of law, the sum of
0552,000, although this House has unanimously
passed two resolutions directing the Secretary of
War not to pay. that company another cent, and
td take measures to collect back the money al-
readypaid. And why should they be paid? And
why should we not pay them any more? The
reasons which apply to the other roads do not
apply to the Illinois Central railroad. I can prove
to this House that the Illinois Central Railroad
Company 13 vastly better off to-day than it would
have been if there had been no war, even had they
carried these freights, these troops, and property
of the United States free, as they were bound by
the law to do. I have been fortunate enough to
get hold of a report this company made of its
business for 1863. And let me here say I do not
know why my colleague [Mr. J. C. Allen]
should feel such a particular interest in this road.
It is not owned by the people of Illinois, or by
any part of the people of Illinois. It is not con-
trolled by those living in Illinois. Among the list
of directors published on the back of this report
of the road there are only two or three names of
persons who live in that State. The president of
the road lives in the city of New York. It is a road
that is owned, I believe, by British bondholders.
And my colleague and myself have no particular
interest in the people who own and control that
monopoly so far as guarding the interests of our
constituents is concerned.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. Will my colleague yield
to me one moment, simply that I may reply to
that last point?
_ Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I did not
interrupt my colleague in his remarks, and do not
want to be interrupted myself.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. It is true, I believe, that
most of this stock is owned in Europe. We had
to go there to get men to build that road.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I wish to
call attention to some facts in regard to this road
which my colleague cannot gainsay. I was for-
tunate enough to get, by a sort of "flank move-
ment," one of the reports of the company, and
1 could get only one. When the president of the
road was here a short time ago, lobbying and but-
ton-holing members in order that he might prevent
Congress from interfering with a further raid upon
the Treasury, I asked him to furnish me with all
the reports of the company as necessary to assist
members of Congress to judge in order to dis-
charge their duties in this regard. He has neg-
lected to do so, and I have not been able to get
those documents. Butlwiil show by the report
that I have what has been the business of the
road for one year, at least, since the war com-
menced. This report shows what has been the
business of the road in 1863, as compared with
the year 1862.
In 1862, while this war was going on, the
amount of receipts for passengers was, in round
numbers,$900,000. In the year 1863 the receipts
of this road for passengers were more than fifteen
hundred thousand dollars, and that, too, wasinde-
pendentof what the Government paid to the com-
pany. Hence I say that this road has increased its
business immensely in consequence of the war
by the increase of business which the war has
brought The statement in regard to the freight
business exhibits very nearly the same proportion
—an increase of thirty-three per cent.
I asked the president of the road to let me see
the report for the year 1864. I wanted it that 1
might show Congress what equitable^ claim this
company have upon Congress to take this addi-
tional amount of moneyoutof thcTreasury. He
put me off with the statement that the report had
not been published; but I have seen in the news-
papers a statement, which I have no doubt is cor-
rect, showing the amount of the earnings of that
road for the year 1864, and they are absolutely
enormous. According to this statement the earn-
ings of the road from May to October were
#3,363,000, making at the rate of nearly seven
million dollars for the year!
But, sir, what else is shown by this report?
Do gentlemen understand what they are doing
when they propose to tax our constituents still
further for the benefit of this corporation ? Sir,
I believe I am the only member of this House
who has, I may say, in one respect, the misfor-
tune to live upon the line of this road. Gentle-
men around me who reside in States where the
rate of fare on railroads is limited by law may
not have had the same experience that I have
had. There is no limitation of the kind in the
charter of the Illinois Central railroad. When
I travel on that road, I pay, as do my constitu-
ents, as local fare, six cents per mile, and some-
times more than that; and the charge on freight
is in proportion.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. If my colleague will
yield to me a moment, I desire to state that the
rate of travel on the Illinois Central railroad is
four cents per mile. My colleague has doubtless
taken a ride between local stations, when the
charge is higher, as it is on all roads.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I said " the
local fare;" and I know what I state to be true,
because I have paid the fare myself.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. Did the gentle-
man pay six cents local fare ? or did he pay four
cents local fare with an addition because he did
not buy a ticket at the office ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No, sir. Let
me tell the gentleman that from Galena to Scales-
mound is a distance of twelve miles, and when
you go to the office at Galena to buy a ticket you
are charged seventy-five cents. How would you
like that, living as you do on the line of the New
York Central railroad? How would your con-
stituents like it?
Mr. DAYIS, of New York. In our State the
rate of fare is limited by law to two and a half
cents per mile.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. And Itrust
that there will be virtue enough in the New York
Legislature to refuse to remove that restriction.
Now let us look further at this report. Let us
see what amount of the fertile and beautiful lands
of our own prairie State are held by this com-
pany, who are putting them up to the people who
want to emigrate to Illinois at fifteen and twenty
dollars peracre. They say that there are one mil-
lion two hundred and eighty-two thousand acres
remaining of that land; and that during the last
year their cash receipts for lands were $6,749,000,
contracts, $9,914,000, making $16,000,000 that
this company was to have for that one year from
their lands alone. This is the poor, suffering,
half-starved corporation for which the gentleman
pleads. A poor corporation ! Let us look at the
income of this abused, stinted railroad company.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. Will my colleague have
the candor to say what the construction of the
road has cost, and also what the rolling stock has
cost?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suppose
that they cost as much and no more than other
roads of the same length have had to pay.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. Will my colleague yield
to me to make a statement?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hold the
floor at the pleasure of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, then, hurry on.
[Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will hurry
on. I will read the result of the income account
of this road. Let us see what it is for 1863.
There is $453,000 for a balance. The net collec-
tion from lands amounted in-1863, principal. ana
interest, to $1,278,000, and the net income from
traffic amounts to #2,118,000, milking the grdsS
amount of $3,802,000. ,
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I hope that my colleague
will yield to make a statement in regard to that,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois" I hold tfcl
floorby the courtesy of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, and he declines to permit me to "yield.
I will give tt little more information to my col-
league, who seems to feel a great interest in thiB!
matter, as I certainly do. The president of the
road in his report uses language like this, that it
is worthy of fiote that when the interest due on
many of the contracts is made up the total re-
sults of sales of half the lands .will, exceed
$17,000,000, the value placed upon the entire
grant of lands ten years ago. Ten years Ago
they placed an estimate of $17,000,000 upon tea
whole of the lands!
A Member. It was a regular oil transaction.
[Laughter.]
M«. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Yes, sir,
that company has " struck ile."
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I ask my colleague to
yield to me.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I willif the
gentleman from Pennsylvania will permit me.
Mr. STEVENS. I cannot let the gentleman
have the floor more than five minutes longer.:
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I desire to say that that
company expended $19,000,000 in laying the
road-bed and putting down the rails, and that it
has now $12,000,000of rolling stock in operation'.
And it has paid into the treasury of Illinois
$400,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have no
desire to say anything further on the subject. I
think I have brought the attention of the House
to the claim that this railroad has to induce us to
tax our constituents as they have taxed them
over half a million dollars already by the money
they have wrung from the Treasury. 1 make the
prediction that if we permit this thing to go on,
the amount this company will eventually get wilt
amount to more than a million dollars. Sir, I
deny our right to take this amount of the money
of our constituents to pay this unjust and unjus-
tifiable and impudent demand of this company.
Let us save ourmoney to pay our brave soldiers
in the field instead of voting it as a gratuity to a
mammoth monopoly that is grinding to the earth
every interest of my State along the line of the
road.
Mr. STEVENS. I have made up my mind
after examination that the present stockholders
never paid a dollar for the stock—that is, all they
paid has been reimbursed—and they have land
now worth $25,000,000 which they will put into
their pockets when it is sold. They can carry
the Government troops and munitions of war
and have a net profit of twenty per cent. I call
for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 78, nays 37, not voting 67;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Ancona, Ashley, John D. Bald-
win, Baxter, Beanmn, Blame, Boyd, Broomall, Cobb, Cole,
Henry Winter Davis, Dawes, Dawson, Deming, Dixon,
Driggs,Dumont,Ecklry, Eliot, English, Finck, Frank, Gan-
son, Garfield, Griswold, Harrington, Hernck, Higby, floi-
man, Hooper, Asahel W.Hubbard, John H.Hubbard, Hul-
buid,Jenckcs,Keliey, Orlando Kellogg, Knox,Loan, Long-
year, Marvin, McBride, MeClurg,Middleton,Sainuel P.Mil-
ler,Moorhead, Daniel Morris, Amos Myers,Leonard Myers,
Norton, Chailes O'Neill, Orih, Perlinm, Pike, Fomeroy,
Kadt'ord, William H. Randall, Rogers, Edward II. Rollins,
Schenek, Scofield, Scott, Shannon, Stnithera, Stevens,
Thayer, Thomas, Tracy, Upson, Ehhu B. Washburne,
Whaley, Williams, Wilder, Wilson, Wmdom, Winfield,
WoodUndce, and Worthington—78.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Arnold, Clay. Cof-
froth, Cox, Thomas T. Davis, Eden, Edgerton, Eldridge,
Farnswortb, Grinneil, Inger&oll, Philip Johnson, Kernan,
Knapp,Le Blond,Liulejohn, Long, Morrill,JamesR.Mor-
ris, Morrison, Noble, Odell, Patterson, Pendleton, Pruyn,
James S. Rollins, ltobs, John B. Steele, William G. Steele,
Stiles, Strouse,. Stuait, 8vv«at, Townsscnd, WiUiam B.
Washburn, and Clulton A. White—37.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. William J. AJlen, Alley, Alt-
eon, Anderson, Raily, Augustus O. Baldwin, Biair, Biies,
Blow, Boutwell, Brandegce, Brooks, James,S. Brown,
William G. Brown, Chanter, Ambrose W. Clark, Freeman
Clarke} Cravens, CresweJl, Denison, Donnelly, Goocft,
