1270
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
J
Oridcr, Hale, Hall,, Harding, Benjamin G. Harris, Charles
M. Harris, Hotchkiss, Hutohins, William Johnson, Julian,
Kalbfleisch, Kas>on, Francis W. Keilogfj, King, Law, La-
zear, ATallorv, Marcy, McAllister, McDowell, Mclndoe,
McKmney,William H. Miller, Nelson, John O'Neill,Ferry,
Price, Samuel J. Randall, Alexander H. Rice, John H. Rice,
Robinsun, Sloan, Smith, Spalding, Starr, Van Valken-
burgh, Vooihces, Wadsworth, Ward. Webster, Wheeler,
Joseph W, White, Benjamin Wood, Fernando Wood, and
Yeaman—67.
So the report was adopted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved that
the vote by which the report was adopted be re-
considered; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled a joint resolution arid
bill of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
Joint resolution (H. It. No. 176) authorizing
the Secretary of the Navy to advance to Paul S.
Forbes $250,000 additional out of the sum to be
paid him under his contract for building a steam
screw sloop-of-war; ami
An act (H. It. No. 800) to establish the office
of Solicitor and Navul Judge Advocate.
MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I move thatthe rules be sus-
pended , and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
on the miscellaneous appropriation bill.
* The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended, and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the stale of the Union, (Mr. Pike in the chair,)
and resumed the considoiation of the bill (H. It.
No. 786) making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of the Government for the year ending
the 30ih of June, 1866, and for other purposes;
the pending question being on the amendment of
Mr. Stevens, to insert the following:
For publishing the annual repoit of the National Acad-
emy ot ben'iieeti made to Congie 5> under the act approved
March 3, 1863, §§',000.
Tellers were ordered;and Messrs. HoLMANand
Ashley were appointed.
Tho [louse divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 80, noes 16.
/ So the amendment was agreed to.
/ Mr. ASHLEY. I move to amend by insert-
[ ing after line three hundred and twenty-eight,the
following:
Thai from and after the passage of this act the chief
justice and the associate ju^iees of the supreme comt of
th<! Toiriiory of Coloiado bhall each receive the same sal-
ary now paid to each of the judges of the Territories of
New Mexico, Utah, Arizona, Idaho, and Montana.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a point oforder. The
salnnes of these judges are fixed by law at a cer-
tain sum. If this appropriation pass the law will
be changed. This is not one of the departments
of the Government to be cairied on.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point oforder, and luies out the amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, of N*-w York. I move to amend
by inserting after line three hundred and thirty-
one, the following:
For protecting and continuing the work on the Potomac
aqueduct, $100,000, to be expended under the direction of
the Secretaiy ot the Interior.
I introduce this amendment because I believe it
to be due to the public interests of this city. The
Potomac aqueduct, upon which we haveexpended
a large amount of money, has never yet accom-
plished the purpose for which it was designed,
and for which the expenditure already incurred
has been laid out. 1 am told here incidentally
that it never will. 1 do not know whether it ever
"will or not. It never will unless Congress shall
appropriate the necessary funds for the comple-
tion of that work.
A Member. How much will it cost?
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. It may cost a
hundred and fifty or two hundred thousand dol-
lars. But, sir, I am not unmindful of the fact
that the people of this metropolis have now no
water fit for consumption, except that which
comes from the springs in the city, and I fear very
much that unless we can supply them with water
from the Potomac purer than that which now
flows below the High Falls they will be drink-
ing something else more deleterious, and I do not
know but members of Congress may getintothe
habit of doing the same^thing.
Now, sir, the object of the Potomac aqueduct
was to furnish the city of Washington with pure
water from the Potomac, above the High Falls,
but the expenditure already incurred has not been
sufficient to complete the work for making the
conduit from the dam below those falls down to
the reservoir of the city.
Mr. P1ULBURD. "What was the last ap-
propriation last year? ,
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. The last appro-
priation was $150,000,1 believe. I believe all but
$30,000 and odd have been expended in that work,
and that over $30,000 was expended, under the
language of the bill, under the interpretation of
Senator Morrill and the interpretation of the
Secretary of the Interior, in paying liabilities al-
ready then existing, and which were a charge
upon that fund by the very letter and words of
the bill. That was $150,000; and I understand
it has ail been expended except $37,000 for that
specific purpose, and that some money has been
expended for the fees of arbitrators and other ex-
penses incidental to the prosecution of the work,
about the policy and justice of which I have
nothing to say. I do not know whether there
has been any misappropriation of money or not.
All that I know is that the Secretary of the Inte-
rior is charged with the supervision of the dis-
bursement of this fund. It is his duty to pay it
according to law, and if we appropriate the fund
and he refuses or neglects to pay it in conformity
with law he is responsible to law, and I would
hold him to his responsibility.
Mr. PRICE. I wish to ascertain from the gen-
tleman from New York whether, in the present
condition of the reservoir, when the gates are
opened, the water will run in or out.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. That is a matter
with which I have nothing to do. This appro-
priation is for the purpose of completing the aque-
duct to bring the water around the reservoir to
the city.
In my own judgment the construction of that
reservoir was a magnificent failure. I think it
very likely that there have been other failures in
connection with this work. But 1 hold it to be
the interest and the policy of the Governmentnot
to fail again, but to go on and furnish the metrop-
olis with pure and wholesome water for the eon-
sumption of its inhabitants.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. How much money has
been expended in the payment of arbitrators?
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. Seventeen thou-
sand five hundred dollars have been expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior in the payment of arbitrators and expenses
of witnesses and other expenses incident to im-
portant arbitrations arising under contracts for
this work. 1 have no doubt as to the policy,ex-
pediency, and justice of this appropriation. The
amount thus expended was expended under the
provisions of the law directing the Secretary of
the Interior to pay existing liabilities upon the
work.
Now, sir, there may have been corruption
even, there may have been wrong; but I ask the
House if that is any reason why we should not
furnish to the citizens of this metropolis this ne-
cessary beverage for health and domestic uses?
it seems to me that we should be wrong in say-
ing that no more shall be expended, and that a
work partially completed shall be suffered to go
to decay. And I desire to know why the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, charged with the
administration of the finances of the country and
knowing the necessity of an appropriation for
this work, have not reported to this House some
appropriation for the purpose of completing this
work.
Mr. PRICE. I oppose the amendment. I have
a very distinct recollection that last session they
asked for an appropriation of$150,000 to complete
this aqueduct. I remember that it was disclosed
in the discussion of that matter that the $100,000
expended prior to that time had been expended in
making a reservoir, into which the water was to
be let trom the Potomac; but during its construc-
tion some water gathered in it, and when they
opened the gates, instead of the Potomac water
flowing into the reservoir the water in the reser-
voir flowed into the Potomac. [Laughter.] We
were then asked to appropriate $150,000 for the
purpose of correcting the error or mistake which
had been made by the engineers who constructed
the work. That appropriation was made for the
purpose of correcting past errors and giving to the
people of this metropolis a beverage conducive to
health and happiness.
And now they come and ask $100,000 more to
" complete" the reservoir again. I am tired,for
one, of completing this aqueduct. It never will be
completed. It is always doing and never done,
and I for one am opposed to making any such
further appropriation.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, the gentle-
man from New York inquires why the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means did not recommend an
appropriation for the completion of this reservoir
and aqueduct. For one 1 am ready to answer
the question. On a thorough examination of the
engineer and of the Department the committee be-
came dissatisfied with the vast expenditure of
money for this purpose, and was unwilling to
recommend an' appropriation of another dollar
until the whole matter should be thoroughly in-
vestigated. There was no time this session to
do that.
Mr. KASSON. I inquire of the Chair whether
the five mimuesofthegentleman from New York
are yet terminated.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I presume not.
Mr. KASSON. I should be glad to use part
of his remaining time in answering his question.
Mr. DAVIS, of Nesv York. I give way.
Mr. KASSON. I want to ask the gentleman
from New York, who spoke about the danger of
the work already constructed being lost, if he can
name any specific danger that exists. I want
also to answer the question he put as to the rea-
son why the Committee of Ways and Means did
not recommend an appropiiation this session.
During the last session the Committee of Ways
and Means, at somebody's expense, I believe,
went up and examined this work all the way to
the Great Falls of the Potomac; and we found
that the statement of the engineer was tolerably
correct; that by the appropriation made last ses-
sion he could conduct the real water of the Po-
tomac around the reservoir which takes in the
wash of the surrounding hills, and could give
pure water to the city. They also wanted some
clause put in about paying extra liabilities.
That unfortunate clause was adopted, not in ref-
erence to any ai bitration of awards, but to facil-
itate the actual, necessary, and immediate work.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom
mend an appropriation in good faith, believing
that good faith was used in the representations
made, and that pure water would be brought into
the city. It is now said that it has not been done,
and that it still requires $100,000 to complete it.
It seemed to the Committee of Ways and Means
that there is so much doubt hanging over the dis-
bursement of the appropriation for this purpose
that it could not in good faith to the House
recommend an appropriation of an additional
$100,000 which might not yet result in the ac-
complishing the purpose of the work.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I wish to ask the
gentleman from Iowa whether the necessity for
pure water for this metropolis is any less now
than it was one year ago?
Mr. KASSON. I answer, sir, that I think
there is a great deal more necessity for it now.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. Very well, then.
Mr.GRlNNELL. Whisky is higher. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. KASSON. There is more necessity for
it, as the prices of other ingredients in drink are
increased. [Laughter]. But 1 am not at all cer-
tain that we would get it for this $100,000; for we
should have to appropriate it on the same basis
identically as we made the appropriation last
year when we were disappointed.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. Mr. Chairman,
if the parties charged with the construction of
the work have failed to perform their duty, it is
competent for the House to interfere and to say
that the work shall be constructed under another
construction and another supervision. All that
I insist upon here is that we shall give the people
of this metropolis pure water to use; and it is no
answer for us to make for refusing to do it that
some contractor has failed to do his work, or has
squandered the money appropriated for the pur-
pose.
