1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1271
Mr. PRUYN. Mr. Chairman,as the facts of
this matter are not fully understood, I should
like to make a brief statement to the committee.
Last year estimates were laid before Congress
showing that it was necessary to appropriate a
little over two hundred thousand dollars to
complete the work. The House allowed only
$150,000. The estimate now is that$72,000 would
be required to complete the work, which is only
$22,000 in excess of the estimate of last year.
That is all there is of this thing, if I under-
stand it.
Mr. PRICE. The title of the law of last year
is this: " To provide for the supervision, repair,
liabilities, and completion of the Washington
aqueduct." If that does not cover alt the ground,
then 1 do not understand language.
Mr. PRUYN. That is all very true that the
act of Congress used that language. I am now
referring to what we were told by the engineer
this would cost, and lam comparing the estimate
with the amount appropriated, in order to show
that the charge of wasteful extravagance or of ex-
travagance of any kind in regard to this matter
arises from some misapprehension on the part of
the Committee of Ways and Means.
We were told last year that this work would re-
quire $200,000. We appropriated #150,000, and
it turns out now that the whole excess required
over the estimateoflastyear is $22,000more. It
is thought by some of my associates on the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means that part of the ap-
propriation was used to pay legal expenses in
connection with the aqueduct. Judge Curtis, late
of Boston, and four others, I think, five in all,
were appointed arbitrators in regard to certain
claims arising in reference to taking the water at
High Falls. Those arbitrators were paid from
two thousand to twenty-five hundred dollars each,
making, with the charges of the counsel, Mr.
Bradley, some seventeen thousand dollars, which
the Secretary of the Interior thought himself au-
thorized to pay. Those were debts due by the
United States, and it is no matter whether the
money to pay them was taken out of one appro-
priation or another; we owed them and they
ought to have been paid.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not desire to throw any
imputation upon the integrity of the Secretary of
the Interior, although 1 think he committed a
great error of judgment in paying these claims.
Bht I would ask the gentleman from .New York
[Mr. Pruyn] whether he thinks that a stale claim
that has been before Congress for years and re-
fused by committees of Congress was one that
the Secretary of the Interior ought to have paid
under the term of " liabilities" on account of this
aqueduct.
Mr. KERNAN. And a claim that was offered
for sale over and over again for $3,000.
Mr. PRUYN. I only know this, that the
proper officer of the Governmentasked those men
to agree to act as arbitrators in this matter, that
the Government was found to be indebted to this
amount, and that it was paid out of this appro-
priation.
Mr. MORRILL. Does the gentleman sup-
pose that a single member of Congress under-
stood by this word f< liabilities" that this stale
claim would be paid out of that appropriation ?
Mr. PRUYN. I do not know about its being
astale claim, for I was not here before. I know
that the term "liabilities" is a very broad one,
that these arbitrators deemed the claim to be a
just one, and that an honorable Senator of the
United States construed the term " liabilities" in
the appropriation to include this claim. And
another thing: if thecommitfee meant to exclude
any class of liabilities or claims they should have
said so. But they used a broad term which in
my judgment covered all these cases.
Here is a great national, work, a work of the
greatest importance to the interests of the public,
to all our public buildings in Washington, to the
health of the inhabitants of Washington, and, if
you please, to the health of members of Congress;
and the sum now asked for the purpose of finish-
ing this work is comparatively but a little more
than was estimated for last year. I am told that
the water of the Potomac has never yet been
brought into this city,excepting, I believe, to a
very small extentat the time of a high flood; and
1 do trust that unless we have made up our minds
to abandon this important work, after having
already expended so much money upon it, we
will vote this small amount for its completion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
recall to the attention of the House the circum-
stances under which the law approved July 4,
18G4, was passed; 1 think I have a pretty clear
-Bcollection of them. I then supposed that the
denouement would come in a reasonable time, but
1 confess I did not expect it would come quite so
soon. I have been here i$ Congress for some
years I have seen immense sums of money ap-
propriated for this work, year after year. At
last, 1 believe, we put in some proviso that no
more money should be appropriated for this pur-
pose, and we also rejected some old claims.
When this appropriation was proposed at the last
session, 1 was advised of the true state of facts,
and was told what would be the result if it was
passed; and I resisted it by every parliamentary
maneuver of which I was master. Of course I
was beaten; there could not be got enough to
give us the tellers on ordering the yeas and nays.
The bill was passed making an appropriation for
this work of $150,000. We were told, over and
over again, that that would be enough to com-
plete the work. My honorable friend from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] I recollect, made this
distinct statement, that unless that appropriation
was made the soldiers in the hospitals in this city
would not have water to drink. And under the
appeals which were made, and upon the express
understanding and the asseveration that the
amount then proposed would complete the work,
and that we would not be called upon foranother
dollar, the bill was passed.
Now these men come in here, after having used
a part of that appropriation in the payment of old
bogus claims, as I believe them to be—some of
them having been before Congress and rejected
as unjust—they now come in here and ask that
we shall appropriate $100,000 more. I hope it
will not be given. I am very glad the Committee
of Ways and Means seem to have got to the bot-
tom of this matter, and have refused to recom-
mend this appropriation.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 will say a few words upon
this subject, and then 1 will ask for a vote upon
it. Last year, having expended some $3,000,000
upon this work, the committee thought they
would stop making appropriations for it. We
were taken,at somebody's expense, very politely
all along up the work. For my part 1 could not
see where a half a million had been honestly ex-
pended. But what did we find? Three miles
out there was a dam built across a valley between
two hills, where there was a small run, and forty
acres of the surrounding country, including barn-
yards and stables, were drained into that, reser-
voir. From the reservoir down was a conduit.
The people here had supposed thatthey had been
drinking the water of the Potomac. 1 can't say
that I liked it; I could not tell what it was like,
and I eschewed it pretty much as my friend here
[Mr. Washburne, of Illinois] does other liquors,
compounds, and mixtures. [Laughter.] We
found the water in that reservoir to be about
eight feet deep. We inquired a little into the
history of it, for no report shows the fact, and
found that there had been a tunnel brought from
the Potomacat the falls into the upper end of this
reservoir, near the " White House," coming out
down at the gateway. The fact appeared upon
cross examination, and was admitted, that when
it was opened into this reservoir to let the water
of the Potomac in, it drained the whole reservoir
into the Potomac and muddied that stream, and
they were obliged to put at the upper end of the
reservoir a gate, which was there when we ex-
amined the work, to keep the waterfrom running
back into the Potomac. We therefore thought it
better to stop all these reservoirs. They had made
arrangements for the expenditure of $3,000,000
more for reservoirs. We put an end to that plan.
We concluded that it was best to construct a con-
duit which would avoid this reservoir altogether,
so that we could get the Potomac water without
its passing through this mud-hole. We inquired
of the engineers there as to the expense of this
arrangement, and they assured us that $150,000
would do it. We included an appropriation for
this purpose in a bill which we leported. We
were told that there were some bills unpaid, for
work, horses, carts, &c., and we were asked to
put the appropriation in such a shape that those
charges could be paid. Nobody ever said a word
about outstanding claims for fees. We were fool-
ish enough, therefore, to put the appropriation in ■
a form which would allow these charges, small,-
as we supposed, to be paid. The result is. that •
instead of applying that appropriation of $150,000
for the work which we contemplated, a large por-
tion has been paid out for purposes for which it
was never appropriated.
Mr. MORRILL. Can the gentleman state
whether the contract was given to the lowest bid-
der?
Mr. STEVENS. I am coming to that.
They paid out of that appropriation an old
claim of some very respectable lawyers, amount-
ing to seventeen or eighteen thousand dollars,
for what? For having examined the damages
and awarded immense sums to the riparian own-
ers above and below the Great Falls, entirely
ignoring the established principle of American law
that in our great rivers the tide-water does not
limit the eminent domain of the Government, and
that the riparian owners, instead of owning the
bed of the river and the water of the river, own
only to low-watermark. I had supposed that to
be the common law of America; I suppose that
no lawyer here will deny that it is. But there
was awarded to these people I do not know how
much, perhaps a million or two of dollars. The
lawyers who some years ajjo made this award,
charged for their services $17,000. No Congress
would ever pay this claim; but under the provis-
ion which I have mentioned, designed for the pay-
ment of a few poor workmen, these lawyers re-
ceived $17,000.
When the contract was to be given out for the
conduit between the White House and the Gate
House, bids were put in by parties whom the
engineer admitted to be responsible-in every sense
of the word. When we asked him, " Did you
give the contract to the lowest bidder?" he an-
swered, "We gave it upon the lowest bid."
That is, instead of giving it to the lowest bidder
they took the lowest bid, and gave it at that rate
to certain favored contractors.
Sir, 1 for one shall never vote a dollar for this
woik until it gets into other hands not less honest
than those that now control it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
know who it was that gave out this work in that
manner.
Mr. STEVENS. I believe the name of the
engineer was Seymour.
1 now move that debate be closed on this sec-
tion.
The motion was agreed to.
The question was taken on the amendment of
Mr. Davis, of New York, and it was rejected.
Mr.DUMONT moved to amend by adding the
following:
For fencing in, repair and completion of the United
States'eourt-houj-e arid po*t olfice <it Indianapolis, In-
diana, and paving the sidewalk in front of the t-aine, the
sum of' $0,00(1, or such patt thereof as may be necessity,
is lieteby appiopriated to be expended under the direction
of the Seciotdiyof tin; Interioi.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Pike reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had under consideration
House bill No. 786, making appropriations for
sundrycivil expenses of the Government for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1866, and for other
purposes, and had come to no resolution thereon.
An then, on motion of Mr. ANCONA, (at
twenty minutes past eleven o'clock, p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 2, 1865.
Prayer by Rev. B. B. Emory, of Washington,
District of Columbia.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal was dis-
pensed with.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. FOSTER presented a petition of Mrs.
Mary E. Fitzpatrick, praying for a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
