1272
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
Mr. SHERMAN presented a memorial of per-
sons engaged in the business of buying and sell-
ing, refining, clarifying, and rectifying wines and
otjier liquors in the city of New York, praying
that the present tax of fifty cents per gallon levied
upon manufactured wines may be removed and
a tax of five per cent, upon sales be substituted;
■which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CHANDLER presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Michigan in favor of a grant of
land for the endowment of a mining school in
that State; which were referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
REPORTS HtOM COMMITTEES.
Mr. SUMNER, from the select committee on
slavery and freedmen,to whom were referred the
resolutions of the constitutional convention of
West Virginia, in favor of an appropriation to
aid tnat State in emancipating the slaves therein,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
"was referred the memorial of officers of United
States volunteers holding positions in the colored
organization in Louisiana, praying for the aboli-
tion of slavery, and that colored men may be ad-
mitted to ail the civil and political rights of white
men, asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration; which wasagieed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred two petitions of citizens ofBoman
county, Michigan, praying that one or more of
the southern States may be set apart as a hotae
for colored people, asked to be discharged from
their further consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
■was referred a petition of citizens of Wisconsin,
praying tlmfcolored soldiers may be placed 011
the same footing in all respects as white soldiers,
asked to be discharged from its further considera-
tion; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a petition of Richard Foster, praying
that Congress grant him the means to purchase
n cork leg and enable him to attend school six
months at the colored college in Oberlin city,
Ohio, asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referied a petition of citizens of the United
States, and a petition of citizens of Ohio, praying
for an amendment of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States more fully recognizing the obligations
of the Christian religion, asked to be discharged
from their further consideiation; which was
agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. The Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to whom was referred two memorials of
Norman Wiard, praying that the invention and
fabrication of ordnance may be opened to public
competition, have directed me to ask to be dis-
charged from their further consideration. The
Senator from Ohio, the chairman of the committee
on the conduct of the war, submitted a very
voluminous leport on this subject which was
before the Committee on Naval Affairs, but which
has not yet been printed, and it is therefore desir-
able that the matter should lie over.
The committee were discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the subject.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs,to whom were referred three petitions of
captains, commanders, and lieutenant command-
ers on the active list of the United States Navy,
praying for a restoration of the pay allowed to
their respective grades prior to the passage of the
act " to establish and equalize the grades of line
officers of the Navy," approved July 16, 1862,
asked to be discharged from their further con-
sideration; which was agreed to.
He alse, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R.No. 605) to increase
the pay of midshipmen and others, reported it
with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of the American Medi-
cal Association, praying for an increase of the
rank and pay ot surgeons in the Navy, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred resolutions of the Chamber of Com-
merce of the State of New York relating to a
general tax on the sales of merchandise; to a ship-
canal uniting Lakes Erie and Ontario; to the estab-
lishmentof a lineof steamers fromSan Francisco
to Japan and China; and to fast-sailing ships of
the Navy, asked to be discharged from their
further consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a petition of R. B. Forbes, praying
that the Secretary of the Navy may be authorized
to purchase the steamship Meteor, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred a petition of officers of the United
States Government employed in the Washington
navy-yard, and a petition of acting assistant sur-
geons attached to the Mississippi squadron, pray-
ing for an increase of compensation, asked to
be discharged from their further consideration;
which was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 749) providing for the confinement of juve-
nile offenders against the laws of the United States
in housesof refuge,reported itwith an amendment.
Mr. DIXON, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the
petition of JE. M. Dennison, crier of the supreme
court of the District of Columbia, praying for an
increase of compensation, reported a bill (S.No.
484) regulating the compensation of the crier of
the supreme court of the District of Columbia;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. MORGAN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (H.R.No.
729) to amend the act relating to officers employed
in the examination of imported merchandise in the
district of New York, reported it with an amend-
ment.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred
(he memorial of the piesident and secretary ofthe
Board of Commissioners of the Soldiers'National
Cemetery Association, praying for an appropria-
tion to aid in the erection of a monument to the
memory of the soldiers who fell in the battle of
Gettysburg, submitted a report, which was or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H.R. No.
566') for the relief of Francis Patterson, reported
it without amendment, and submitted an adverse
report; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 357) for the relief of
Olivia W. Cannon, widow of Joseph S. Cannon,
late a midshipman in the United States Navy,
reported it without amendment, and submitted an
adverse report; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr.FOSTER. The same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 790) for the re-
lief of Hen riecta 0. Gardner, have directed me to
report it without amendment, and with a recom-
mendation that the bill do not pass. The peti-
tioner is no doubt meritorious, and her husband
was a meritorious officer; but he was in the
revenue service, and it is deemed contrary to the
policy of the Government to pension those who
are engaged m the civil service ofthe Government,
or to pension their widows in case of their death.
KEBECCA SCOTT.
Mr. FOSTER. The same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 436) granting a
pension to Rebecca Scott, widow of Major John
B. Scott, late of the United States Army, have
directed me to report the same back with an
amendment, and recommend its passage. The
amendment will require to be acted upon by the
House. It merely changes the time when the
pension is to commence, making it from the time
of the application here instead of going back as
the House bill does. I think the case a merito-
rious one. If it passes the Senate now, it may
receive the action of the House and become a
law; and as the bill consists of but three lines I
ask the unanimous consent of the Senate to allow
it to be acted upon at the present time.
Mr. COLLAMER. For three or four morn-
ings I have endeavored to call the attention ofthe
Senate to the annual post route bill; and I cannot
but say that I feel it to be my duty to insist that
a preference shall be givan to that bill over any
private bill whatever.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) Objection being made, the bill can-
not be considered.
PROPOSED CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred a petition of
citizens of the United States praying for an
amendment of the Constitution more fully recog-
nizing the obligations of the Christian religion,
have directed me to report it back, and ask to be
discharged from its further consideration.
In making this report I desire to state that the
committee instructed me to make a report a few
days ago in reference to some petitions both for
and against this amendment to the Constitution,
and I observe that it is reported in the newspapers
that the Committee on the Judiciary leported
againstthe recognition of God in the Constitution.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported no such
thing. The committee simply asked to be dis-
charged from the consideration of the memorials
both for and against the amendment of the Con-
stitution as proposed, they being of the opinion
that it was unnecessary and injudicious, at this
time, at any rate, to make such an amendment.
The committee believe that the Constitution of
the United States does recognize the existence of
a Supreme Being. It requires every officer to
take an oath; and what is an oath but a promise
corroborated or confirmed by an appeal to the
Supreme Being? It also contains a clause pro-
viding that Congress shall make no law prohib-
iting a free exercise of religion, thereby recog-
nizing the right of religion. The committee con-
sidered that such an amendment of the Constitu-
tion as was prayed for by those memorialists was
unnecessary; and it is for that reason the com-
mittee ask to be discharged from the further con-
sideration of this memorial.
The motion to discharge the committee waa
agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had agreed to the
report of the committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill (H.
R. No. 649) making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30, 1866,
and additional appropriations for the current fis-
cal year.
PRIVILEGES OP THE SENATE.
Mr. HALE. I rise to a privileged question,
and I will state it by reading a resolution that I
propose to submit:
Resolved, That the letter of G. V. Fox, accompanying the
answer of tile Secretary of the Navy to a resolution of in-
quiry of the Senate, be not received by tile Senate, it being
irrelevant to the subject-matter of inquiry.
I will read the first paragraph of that letter, so
that the Senate may know what it is:
"Hon. Gideon Welles, Secretary ofthe Navy:
'•Sir: As part of your reply to the'resolution of the Senate
of February 3, 1865, in response to the allegations of Hon.
Joh.n P. Hale against me, m advocating said resolution
I beg leave to submit the iollowing statement."
And then follows a statement of about seventy
pages of autobiography of Mr. Fox, stating how
much sea service he has seen, and that it is more
than some of the admirals now in command of
squadrons, and vindicating the wisdom of his
measure for relieving Fort Sumter. I think the
Senate ought to take some action upon it, and as
it is late in the session I shall be content if the
Senate will simply rescind the order to print the
document. If i make a speech I have to pay for
its publication out of my own pocket, and I do
not think it is right for the Senate of the United
States to print Mr. Fox's answer to my speech
as a public document; and I think it is an abuse
of the privileges of the Secretary to send such a
paper in here.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator ask for the present consideration of the reso-
lution?
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir,
Mr. CONNESS. I object to its present con-
sideration.
ThePRESIDlNGOFFlCER. Objection being
made, the resolution cannot be considered to-day.
Mr. HALE. Does a question of privilege go
over on a single objection?
