1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
5©9i
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move to amend the
amendment by adding thereto the following:
And each member of Congress shall appoint aboard of
three competent persons, whoshall examine all candidates
for admission, and the candidate approved by said exam-
iners shall be nominated by the member of Congiyss.
Mr. SPALDING. I think the gentleman had
better put this provision in a separate joint reso-
lution.
Mr. WASHBTJRNE, of Illinois. I prefer to
have it in this bill*
Mr. BOUT WELL. Mr. Chairman, I do not
wish to detain the committee by discussing my
amendment. I think the country is entitled to
the services in the Army and Navy of the most
promising young men who can be brought into
these branches of the public service. I daresay
that every member of this Congress would exer-
cise a sound discretion in the selection of cadets
for the Naval Academy, but possibly as much
cannot be assumed for our successors. I am,
therefore, in favor of a board of examination in
in each district who shall select a competent per-
son. If I may be allowed to refer to Massachu-
setts we have there for many years had in our
colleges forty-eightopen scholarships. Our board
of education from year to year examine all can-
didates for admission without reference to any-
thing but moral and intellectual qualifications.
The results have been that we have notoniy edu-
cated a class of competentpersons forthe highest
domestic and public dutiesof (he country, but we
are also elevating the colleges themselves by in-
troducing Into them a set of aspiring and compe-
tent, and moral young men.
Now, I believe the fact would be somewhat the
same if we were to admit to the Academy at "West
Point and to the Naval Academy only those young
men who, upon examination, appear to be best
qualified for the places, and I submit that no mem-
ber of Congress representing the people ought to
exercise tins high trust for his individual or po-
litical benefit, it is a trust which he should ex-
ercise in the service of the country for the bene-
fit of the country, and the best way of exercising
that trust is through an examination by compe-
tent men, and then let the placf be given to the.
young man who appears to be best qualified.
Mr. STEVENS. I am opposed to theamend-
mentof the gentleman from Massachusetts. Jf
the law gives me the authority to make' these
nominations I propose to exercise it myself, and
not leave it to anybody else. Moreover, there is
one of the strictest boards ever constituted any-
where which examines the candidates for admis-
sion to this Naval Academy.
Mr. GANSON. 1 was about to remark that
these young men are now subjected toa rigid ex-
amination. I dare say the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts has had some candidates rejected whom
he had recommended, because the examination
was so severe.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. Washburne's amendment was then agreed
to.
Mr- PIKE. I move to amend the clause in
relation to the Naval Observatoiy by striking out
the words:
And there b hereby autlioiizcd to be appointed in said
office one additional aid, at an annual salary of $1,333 33,
and said amount is hereby appropriated theiefm.
Last year there were four aids in the Naval
Observatory receivingsalaries of $1,000 each. It
was said then that they could do the business
with three aids, and they proposed to divide the
§4,000 between the three aids, and we assented
to that proposition.
Now, it appears from this provision that it is
proposed to increase the salaries of these gentle-
men. 1 think it is a kind of indirect way of rais-
ing salaries that should not be encouraged, and
for that reason I make the motion to stuke out.
Mr. STEVENS. This provision is one which
comes recommended by the Naval Department.
I am not a very a;ood astronomer myself-, peihaps
the gentleman fiom Maine is more capable of
judging of such matters as this than I am; but
stilfl prefer to trust the Department, who know
more about this whole subject than either of us.
Mr. PIKE. I will say in reply that I do not
act upon my own knowledge at all, for I should
defer to the supetior knowledge of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania or the conductors of this Na-
val Observatory. 1 merely repeat the statement
which they made last year that they could do the
business with three aids.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I raise a point of order on
the following clauses of the bill:
For pay of clerks in the Ordnance department at the sev-
eral navy-yards, in lieu of the present per diem pay,viz:
For salary of one clerk at Portsmouth, New IJaiupshne,
navy-yard, $1,200.
For salary of one clerk at $1,500, and one at $1,000 per
annum, at Boston navy-yard, §2,200.
For salary of one clerk at $1,200 per annum, and one
eletk at $1,000 per annum, at the New York navy-yard,
§2,200.
For salary of one clerk at the Philadelphia navy-yard,
$1,200.
For salary of one clerk at $1,400, one clerk at $1,000, one
draughtsman at $1,600, one analytical chemist at $2,500,
one assistant pyrotechnist at $1,400, and one keeper of
magazine at $480 per annum, at the Washington navy-
yard, $15 J 80.
It seems to me that they are changes of law,
rather than appropriations to carry out law.
The CHAIRMAN. (Mr. Washburne, of Illi-
nois, in the chair.) The Chair sustains the point
of order, and holds that it is independent legisla-
tion in an appropriation bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not know that these
clauses increase the pay of the employes referred
to. They merely fix their pay and make their
positions permanent instead of being temporary.
Mr. WILSON. I would like to ask the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means what
the per diem of temporary clevks is now?
Mr. STEVENS. My impression is that it is
P 50.
Mr. WILSON. If this be forgiving them the
same pay only, I presume it is better to let it re-
main as it is, instead of making these cleikships
permanent cleikships at fixed salaries.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order is sus-
tained.
Mr. STEVENS. As that completes the bin I
move that the committee rise and report the bill
to the House.'
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Before that mo-
tion is put I offer the following amendment, to
come in as additional sections at the end of the
bill:
Sec. 2. Jind be it further enacted t That the President, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate, shall ap-
point a Boaid of Admiralty, which shall consistof the vice
admiral ami one rear admiral,onecommodore,one captain,
one commander, and one lieunnmnt commander, over
which the Secrnary of the Navy or the officer highest
rank present >hdll preside; and when the subject under
eonsiih'taiion shall appertain to tbe duties of any bunMin.
in the Navy Department, the chief of such bureau ^hali
he a member of the hoard, and entitled to sit and vote on
the consultation of the subject.
Sii.e. 3. •And he it fuilhcr cnncled, That the board shall
dfhheiate in common and advice the Secretary on any
matteis submitted by htm relating to naval oig.uuz;itio ,
naval legislation, the eon-<tiuetion, equipment, and attna-
mcnt of vessels, ruivy-yauls, and other naval establish-
ments and the direction, employment, and disposition of
the naval forces jn time of war. All such opinions shall
"be lecorded.
Sec. A. And be it further enacted. That no vessel-of-vvar
shall bo built or materially altered, nor any guns of new
construction ordered or adopted, nor any engine for any
vessel-of-war adopted or oidci ed, nor any permanent struc-
ture for naval scivice executed, until the plan*, estimates,
proposals,and contracts foi the same shall have been sub-
milted to the boaid, and 1H opinion and advice thereon
eoiMinunieated in wriunjj to the riccreuiy; nor t>hall any
patented invention be bought or adopted lor the naval ?ei-
vice without lii-t the opinion of the hoaid thereon having
been taken; and all experiment-* decided to t<"-t inven-
tions and naval plans and t-uueuires shall be conducted
under the inspection of the boaid, or members tiieteoi
named by iln; riecr«laiy,and t-ubmitted to the board tor its
opinion thereon
Sec. 5. *flnd ha it farther Th.it all invitations for
plans or proposals lor anv ot the works above mentioned
shall be prepan d by the board, Mibjeet to the nppjov.il of
the Secretary; and all bids oi ofFeisor proposal-* lor the
same shall be opened m the presence of the boaid, and the
award made by 11, subject to the approval ot the eretarv.
Set. d be it fuitht-r enacted. That the beerenuy
may add to the board, tiom time to tune, other oiiieer> ol
the Navy eligible to the position of chief of bureau, not
exceeding thiee, at any time, lor consultation on anv
of the above subjects. The board may take the opinion
of eminent piaetical engmeeis, mechanic-*, machinist*',
and architects, in their it>peeiivc brant boa of ait or in
dustrv, when m their opinion lb" public sctvice will be
promoted by it, and pay thfcm such reasonable compensa-
tion as the Secretaiy may approve.
Mr. WILSON. I make the point of order
that this is independent legislation, and is not in
order as an amendment to an appropriation bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Then I move it
as a proviso to the bill—as a limitation on the
appropriations granted, i take it that, in that •
point of view, it is perfectly in order.
Mr. WILSON. I make the same point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The Chair does not think that
the amendment proposed is, properly speaking,
limitation on the appropriations made in the bill.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Then I move the
following as an express limitation:
Provided, That no money appropilated for the naval ser-
vice shall be expended otherwise than in accordance wiMt
the following provision, so far as it is applicable; that is t<x
say, that the President, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, shall appoint a Board of Admiralty,
which shall consist, &c.
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Chairman, if that
amendment is considered jn order, I wish, before
the committee proceed to act upon it, to say a
word. A bill similar in substance to that amend-
ment was introduced into the House and referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and is now
undergoing investigation befgre that committee.
I hope the House will not act upon the subject
until that committee shall have made its report.
Mr. WILSON. I make the pointof order that
the amendment proposes independent legislation
and is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The Chair does not think that
this can be regarded, under the rules, as a proviso
limiting the appropriations.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I appeal from the
decision of the Chair. Is the appeal debatable?
The CHAIRMAN. Itisnot. Thegentleman
from Maryland offers an amendment^to the bill.
Tbe Chair decides that the amendment is not in
order, as being independent legislation in an ap-
propriation hill. Prom that decision the gentle-
man from Maryland appeals. The question :
Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the judg-
ment of tiie committee ?
The CHAIRMAN ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Mr. Davis of Maryland, and Mr. Steele
of New York.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 45, noes 41; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN. No quorum voting, the
Cleric will call the roll.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 ask that there be a recount.
There being no objection, the tellers resumed
their places.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 45, noes 50.
So the decision of the Chair was overruled, and
the amendment decided to be in order.
Mr. DAVIS,of Maryland. I desire, Mr. Chair-
man, to make some remarks explanatory of the
amendment which I have offered. If the commit-
tee have patience to hear me at this hour in the
evening, 1 um ready to go on. But it is impossi-
ble that a measure of this importance can be passed
over without due consideration when I am charged
with it.
Mr. BLAINE. Will the gentleman from Ma-
ryland allow me to make a suggestion? It isnow
four o'clock; iind the gentleman is not to-day in a
favorable physical condition for speaking. There-
fore, out of cojjrtesy to him, and for the conven-
ience of all of us, 1 move that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Washburne, of Illinois,
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had under consideration
as a special older, the bill (H.R. No. G76) making
.appropriations for the naval service for the year
ending 30th June, 1866, and had-come to no res-
oiution thereon.
KAIIJIOAD TO NEW YORK.
Mi*. GARFIELD, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a biil to provide for the construction of
a. line of railway communication between the
citics of Washington and New York, and to con-
stitute the same a public highway and-a military
road and postal louteof the United States; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
NAVAL PAINTING BY \Y. II. POWELL.
Mr. SCHENCK. i ask unanimous consent
to introduce a joint resolution authorizing a con-
tract with William H. Powell for a picture forthe
Capitol.
