1270
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2£
what the meaning of the act of Congress making
these donations of land was. Some insisted that
by the terms of the act these railroad companies
undertook to furnish the machinery and rolling
stock and the men to transport the property and
troops of the United States without any charge
whatever. Others, and that was my opinion, in-
sisted that the law which .declares that these roads
shall be a public highway for the use of the Uni-
ted States simply made them highways for the
use of the Governmentin the same way that turn-
pike roads and canais were made highways for
the use of the Government, which the Government
might use without paying anything for the Use of
the road. This was the construction which had
been put upon these acts by the Government.
The Government, it seems, had agreed with all
these land-grant railroad companies to pay them
two thirds of the amount which it paid to other
railroad companies; that is, sixty-six and two
thirds per cent. Those who insisted that the com-
panies were bound to transport, under the law, free
ofexpense, conceded that when these land grants
were made it could not have been m the contem-
plation of Congress or anybody else that such a
state of things should exist as we now see in the
country; and that, at any rate, it was no more
than equit£\Jble or just to these companies to make
the arrangement with them by which they were
to receive one third less than other railroad com-
panies; and the Senate by a vote of, 1 think, some
live to one rejected this proviso.
The bill went to a committee of conference.
Notwithstanding this decided vote of the Senate,
What does our committee of conferencc do? With
a vote, if 1 remember aright, of five to one against
this provision, the committee of conference go
out and agree to the provision in the most objec-
tionable shape you can imagine. What do you
suppose they do ? They strike out of the proviso
all roads but one; and they say that all the land-
grant railroads shall be paid excepting one; and
as to that one no money appropriated by this act
shall be used for the purpose of paying for the
transportation of troops. Upon what principle
can you make such an invidious distinction as
this? The language of the acts of Congress which
granted these lands to the railroad companies is
precisely the same. I inquired of one of the com-
mittee of conference why they disregarded the
vote of the Senate and agreed to such a proposi-
tion as this, why they made this invidious dis-
tinction, upon what ^principle, and I suppose he
will answer to the Senate what I maybe per-
mitted here to say was hi3 answer to me, that this
company was rich and the others were poor, this
company can afford it, and the others cannot.
Suppose that is so, does this great Government
deal thus with parties? If a man by his thrift,
liis enterprise, and his industry, has husbanded
his resources,is that a reason for punishing him ?
If a railroad company has managed its affairs well
and prosperously, is that a reason for exacting the
, pound of flesh from it, while a company that has
Y not managed its affairs so well is notto have meted
out to it the same even-handed justice ?
I ask Senators, what is the obligation which
these companies incurred when they accepted the
land grant? I stated the other day that when the
Government of the United States gave these lands
to these companies they doubled the price of the
land which they did not donate. The particular
company which is excepted by this bill, and to
which nothing is to be paid for transporting the
troops and property of the United States, is the
Illinois Central Railroad Company. That is the
principal company in my State. What was the
donation of land to that company ? The. Govern-
ment of the United States donated to the State of
Illinois every alternate section of land along the
line of the proposed road, doubling the price of
the other alternate section which it held. These
lands had been in the market for years, some of
them for a quarter of a century, and no purchaser
bad been found at §1 25 an acre. The Govern-
ment gave half of them to the Stjte of Illinois to
build this road, and doubled the price of the other
half, l'he other half which the Governmentheld,
in consequence of the building of this road has
been sold at $2 50, and there has been paid into
your Treasury just as much money, and at a
much earlier day than you would have received
it but for this grant. Then where is this great
donation ? The Go vernment of the United Stat«s
has been benefited by the early sale of its lands.
The people of Illinois and the whole country have
been benefited by the construction of this road,
which has cost, let me say, as I understand,
#30,000,000.
Again, sir, what was this land worth? There
were about three million acres given to the rail-
road company, which was held at $1 25 an acre,
so that it was worth between three and four mil-
lion dollars; and yet the rolling stock upon the
Illinois Central railfoad cost, I understand, be-
tween eleven and twelve million dollars; and you
propose to take it and use the whole of it with-
out paying for it. In addition to receiving double
price for your lands, I am informed that this com-
pany has transported the property of the Gov-
ernment of the United States since this war be-
gan to an extent which if paid for as other rail-
roads are paid, would amount to $500,000 more
than they have received. Suppose you have got
the power; suppose the construction of this law
be as Senators contend, and you have the power,
are you going to grind to the earth a company in
this way? Can anycompany exist and do this?
I wish to say in this connection that I have
not, and never did have, any connection with this
Illinois Central Railroad Company. I scarcely
know one of its officers. I do not think I know
by sight three of the officers connected with the
road. 1 oppose this proposition not from any
sympathy that I have with the Illinois Central
Railroad Company more than with any other
railroad company; but I wish to do justice to that
company as well as to all other companies.
Now, sir, there can be no sort of foundation
for this discrimination. I wish the Senate to no-
tice how this proviso will read as the committee
of conference have agreed to it. I will read it;
and 1 hope Senators will pay attention to it:
Provided, That 110 money appropriated by this act shall
be used for the purpose of paying the Illinois Central Rail-
road Company for the transportation of property or troops
of tlie United States.
That is the whole of it. No reason is given.
It is simply a proviso put upon an appropriation
bill, for the purpose of forcing it through Con-
gress, it would seem, providing that no money
shall be paid to the Illinois Central Railroad Com-
pany for the transportation of the troops or prop-
erty of the United States. Why not? You do
not say here that itis a land-grant company; you
have stricken all that out; and the proviso now
reads that a certain railroad company in the Uni-
ted States shall have no pay whatever for trans-
porting the property of the United States. That
is the report of the committee of conference. Is
it possible that the Senate, understanding this,
can do such an act?
_ What will be the effect upon your other secu-
rities ? I said that I was informed that $30,000,000
had been invested in this enterprise. What will
be the value of its stock when you legislate in
this way ? What will be the value of the stock
of the other land-grant roads? Whatdo you say
by this bill? You say to every one of the land-
grant companies—ana I ask my friends from the
new States to observe this—"The moment your
road is completed, and you are able to bear it,
you shall not have a dollar from the Government
of the United States for all this work." How
many bonds do you think you can sell with such
a provision as that adopted as the legislation of
Congress? I should lilte to know how many
bonds you expect to sell going to the world with
such a provision as that.
I am astonished that this report should be
brought in here. In thefirst place, this provision
has no business on an appropriation bill; it does
not belong to it. If you want to legislate on this
subject do it on a separate bill, and not on an ap-
propriation bill in this way. Here is an unjust
discrimination, an invidious distinction, put as a
proviso to an appropriation bill, that a certain rail-
road company shall not be paid for doing the
work of the Government.
Butit is said thiscompany is wealthy. I think
it is immaterial whether it is or not; but let me
ask my friend from Pennsylvania who made this
report, how does he know that this company is
rich? I suppose he has seen some report that the
Illinois Central Railroad Company has made of
the extent of its business and its receipts. If he
would consult the Senator from New York, [Mr.
Morgan,] he would tell him that it would be dan-
gerous to invest in a railroad company on a report
made and casually examined. It would take an
expert weeks to look into all the machinery of
these railroad companies. The dividends this
company has declared do not show it to be so
very rich. It never declared a dollar of dividend,
I understand, until within the last two or three
years. The value of its stock, I think, is about
112, or somewhere along there; I do not know
the precise sura.
Mr. HOWE. One hundred and eighteen.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My friend from Wisconsin
says 118; but thatis in the currency of the coun-
try, of course. It has never paid any dividends,
I understand, until within two or three years, and
the average dividends during that time have not
been more than six per cent.-, andlapprehend those
dividends, like the dividends of most railroad
companies, have been just as much as the ability
of the company would enable them to make for
the purpose ofkeepingup the stock and the credit
of the company.
If you pass this bill, with this provision in it, you
will stop this great work. An officer of the com-
pany informs me—1 am not posted in regard to
these statistics—that the Illinois Central Railroad
Company cannot do this work for the Government
for nothing. It is the great road leading north
and south over which your supplies go. The
army of the Southwest receives a great portion of
its supplies over the Illinois Central railroad; and
I understand that the whole rolling stock of that
road for weeks at a time has been used by the
Government for the purpose of transporting sup-
plies to the Army. Chicago is the great grain-
purchasing market. The oats and corn and
forage for that army go over this road.
As I said before, it makes no difference whether
the road is rich or poor. The Government of the
United States can legislate upon no such princi-
ple, and make an invidious distinction against a
company because it is prosperous or because it
is not prosperous. It cannot stand upon such a
position; and let me say to my friends of the
Committee on Finance that such legislation as
this will do more to strike down the credit of your
Government than all the tax bills you can pass
during the remaining days of the session will do
to support it. I trust, sir, that the Senate will
refuse to concur in this report, and that we shall
have another committee of conference to carry out
the views of the Senate as heretofore expressed.
Mr. COWAN. In the first place, Mr. Pres-
ident, it is proper to consider what my honorable
friend from Illinois in his very able and elaborate
argument constantly keeps out of sight; and that
is, that by the terms of the creation of this cor-
poration it bound itself by the contract to do this
work for the General Government. Let that be
remembered. This is not a matter of grace or a
matter of favor, but it is a matter of right upon
which the Government of the United States stands
in its dealings with this corporation in Illinois.
To give any other construction to that contract
than the one given by the Senate the other day,
as I understood most of those who addressed
themselves to that question, is not to make the
contract avail, but to destroy it. If it be a con-
tract at all, and if it have any meaning, then this
road bound itself when the emergency arose, the
contingency happened, that it would carry the
troops and munitions of war of the United States
free ofcharge. Why should not the United States
insistuponit? Is there any reason which can be
given? There is no reason unless it is that the
company'is unable to comply with the terms of
its contract. As I understand, there are several
land-grant roads in the same situation, and they
came forward and said, " It is true we are bound
by the obligation of this contract; but at present,
in the imperfect condition of our roads, we are
not able to comply with it;" and therefore the
Government advanced to them a certain sum.
The Illinois Central railroad came in in precisely
that way, and they are now receiving from the
Government, not full pay for carrying the troops
and munitions of war of the United States, but
they are itceiving four ninths of the whole amount
paid to other roads. For instance, all the rail-
roads joined together and agreed to carry for tha
Government for two thirds of the ordinary fare,
in consideration of the quantity, and in consid-
eration of the whole cargoes required to be trans-
ported by the Government. Then the land-
