THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
January 31.
ators in such opposition. And said-committee shall have
power to continue its investigations during the recess of
i$s'-SeOate, and to send for persons and papets, aud to ad-
journ from time to time and day to day.
Mr. HALE. honorable friend from Ken-
tucky1 wants to have a committee of frauds gener-
ally, a standing committee. I am opposed to it,
aoI stated beforehand I stated one of the reasons
why I was opposed to it. It was that I thought
a few of-the frauds which had been discovered
and brought to light ought to be dealt with before
we went hunting for any more. I hold in my
hand a report made to the House of Representa-
tives a few years ago by a very distinguished
gentleman, then a member of the House, John
Sherman, of Ohio. I do not violate any rule, sir,
•in mentioning his name, because I am not speak-
ing of a member of the Senate, but of a man who
•was-a member of the House of Representatives
some years ago. [Laughter.] That gentleman
.discharged his duties upon that committee with
great fidelity, and submitted, as the result of his
investigation, certain resolutions to the House
"Which i will read. It should be remembered that
that House in 1859 was about evenly divided; it
was difficult to say what party had a majority; it
was not more than one or two either way; but
the House, by a very decided vote, passed these
.resolutions, a rote of nearly two thirds. I will
read them:
" In conclusion, the undersigned recommend the adop-
tion of the following resolutions:
" iieso/ue</,That the Secretary of the Navy,"—
That was not this Secretary of the Navy; it
was another Connecticut man—
" with the sanction of the President,"—
1 believe that President was Mr. Buchanan—
i( abused his discretionary power in the selection of a coal
•agent and in the purchase of fuel for the Government.
"iie«>fuerf,TUat the contract made bvthe Secretary of the
Navy, under date of Septembei 23,1H5S, with Mr. VV, C.
N. Swift, for the delivery of live-oak timber, was made in
violation of law, and in a maimer unusual, improper, and
injurious to the public service.
".Resolved, That the distribution by the Secretary of the
Navy of the patronage in the navy-yards among member*
ot Congress was destructive of discipline, coriupting in its
influence, ami highly injurious to the public service.
" Resolved, That the President and the Secretaiy of the
Navy, by receiving and considering the partv lelatlons of
bidders lor contracts with the United States, aud the effect
of awarding contracts upon pending election", have set an
example dangerous to the public safety, aud deserving the
reproof of this House,
" Resolved, That the appointment by the Secretary of the
Navy of Daniel ii. Martin, chief engineer, as a member of
a board of engineers to report upon proposals for construct-
ing machinery for the United States (the said Martin at
the time being pecuniarily Interested m some of said pro-
posals) is hereby censured by this House."
. Those resolutions were passed in the House of
Representatives, as I said, by a majority of two
thirds,'some of them falling a fraction short of
two thirds, and some of them going over that.
.One of the contracts that was thus censured was
of a very gross, outrageous character, to wit,
the contract for Jive oak made by John Lenthail;
and the excuse that Mr. Lenthail, on oath, gave
for this violation of duty for which the House
censured the Secretary, was that he was com-
manded to do it by the Secretary; and he had the
advantage of that excuse. When the Senate com-
mittee of last session sat, they did not censure
the Secretary, but they took ||ie individual men
•who had committed the frauds and put their hands
upon them. It seems, however, that it cannot be
done either way; the right person cannot be hit.
Lenthail excused himself under oath in his ex-
amination in 1859 by saying that he was ordered
by the Secretaiy to do what he did, and he did
it; and in the language of the House of Repre-
sentatives, the contract made by the Secretary
of the Navy, under date of September 23, 1858,
with Mr. W. C. N. Swift, for the delivery of live-
oak timber, was made in violation of law and in
a manner unusual, improper, and injurious to the
public service." How was Lenthail ever dealt
-with for that gross violation of law? i will tell
you. The first opportunity thatpresented he was
promoted and made chief of the Bureau of Con-
struction. The odium that was thrown upon his
official character by this report, and by fche action
of the House of Representatives upon it, was such
that he was not confirmed at the first session that
Ins name was sent in, and the nomination was'
laid over; but still.it was insisted upon, and he
was renominated as chief of this new bureau that
•was created, and the nomination was finally con-
firmed by th*e Senate. The perpetrator of that
fraud, thus exposed through the vigilance and
faithfulness of the committee of the House of
Representatives, and brought to light, instead of
being punished, was rewarded, and promoted,
and put into a place where he might do, and as I
contend has done, the same thing over again sub-
stantially.
Mr. DAVIS. By what Secretary was he pro-
moted ?
Mr. HALE. The official records of the Gov-
ernment will show it. While that is the case,
while this volume of I do not know how many
pages, showing the gross frauds of the Navy De-
partment, which were censured by a vote of two
thirds in the House of Representatives, has had
no effect on earth except to promote those guilty
of the frauds which were censured, in Heaven's
name, what does the Senator from Kentucky
want of any more committees? I tell you, sir,
that if ever I vote for a committee on frauds in
the Navy Department, they shall be instructed to
cover them up, instead of exposing them; befcause
if we expose them and do not punish the perpe-
trators, we only disgrace the nation. If we do
not mean to punish, let us cover them up, andlet
us have a committee whose duty it shall be to
whitewash and cover up these frauds and defal-
cations.
I mention that circumstance to show the folly
of having any more committees of investigation
to hunt after frauds. Now, sir, I am going to
give you some more. When the committee of
the Senate examined some of the bids in the sev-
eral bureaus—for Lenthail is not alone; there is
no one bureau that we examined which can claim
any exemption overanother—they took upa very
extraordinary bid made in the Bureau of Yards
and Docks. 1 will read,what it was: 9
"The attention of the committee was also called to a bid
in the Bureau of Yards and Docks, winch is of so extiaor
dinary a cluuacter that it sefcms to demand a parsing notice.
This is for class seven, ship-chandlery, at the New York
navy-yaid. itvvasawardedtoaMr. Bin2ham,at$17,77823.
O. W. Scofield was a bidder at .$13,003 90. The original
footing of Scofield's bid was $12,053 90: an error of #1,000
was discovered in the bureau after the bid was handed in,
so that it should have footed $13,053 90, after the con ec
tion of this error. Without the correction of tins enoi this
hid would have been $'5,721 33 below the next bid. Mr.
Bingham's! Such being the state of these two bids as
they were oiinitially made, Mi. Scofield'n bid is raided by
the sum of .$5,000 m one single aiticle, and yourcommittee
do not find theie was any othei alteiation made. Tins altei
auon of Scofield's bid, by which the aggregate was so
largely increased, was effected by putting a unit to the left
of the" figures 65, which was the sum bid foi hickoty buts
each, and there being five thousand of them wanted, the
addition of a dollar apiece for them would nmke the amount
of $5,000, and Scofield's bid would still have been the low
est, and he would have got the contract after this amount
was thus added, had uot.au eirorbeen discovered in his
original computation, which, being subsequently eoircctod,
and the $5,000 being added, made his bid higher than Mr.
Bingham's, and lie thus failed of realizinganything by this
fidiid."
Rear Admiral Smith, the head of that bureau,
had his attention called to these bids, and was
asked if there was any fraud in them, and he re-
plied generally, as the rest of them did, that there
was none. 1 will read what he said:
"Mr. Smith, chief of the Bureau'of Yards and Docks,
makes no general declaration of the kind made by Mr.
Lenthail and Mr. isherwood, but confines himself, while
speaking of an erroneous computation dis>covor«d by Mr.
Smith and brought to public notice in his pamphlet, to the
assertion that lie i is confident that no collusion or eirone-
ous exhibit was intended by the clerks. J iiave the utmost
confidence in the honesty and fidelity of those gentlemen.3 "
This was so gross, so glaring—a 1 inserted on
the left hand of 65 in that bid for five thousand ar-
ticles, so that the bid was raised $5,000 in amount
by this single alteration—that i addressed a note
to Mr. Smith, not willing to let him stand on the
record as this paper put him, and called his at-
tention to this particular case, and he wrote to
the committee as follows : #
"J have examined the testimony of Mr. Bronaugh, and
the original bids for class T—ship-chandlery foi ordnance
department at the New York navy-vard. It is evident to
me that the original price charged m {Scofield's bid for the
hickory buts was sixty-five cents, and the aggiegate was
carried out accordingly ; that the figure 1 in tile column of
dollars was added subsequently, but the aggregate was not
altered. It is also evident to me that the alteiation m price,
the aggregate of the ciass as written in words, and Hco-
field's signature, wcie all written by the same hand and
with the same ink, and I am perfectly satisfied thai this was
all done before the bid came to this office."
Of course he was satisfied. Before his atten-
tion was called to it he was satisfied that there
was no alteration at all; he had perfect confidencc
in his clerks. When his attention is called to it,
and this enormous and glaring fraud is pointed
out, by which $5,000 might have been taken out
of the Treasury in a single article, he then admits
that it is so, that it was fraudulently done, but
still it does not shake his confidence in his clerks 1
Now, sir, it is worth while to look atthis. This
alteration, as I contend and as the committee be-
lieved, was made after Scofield knew the state of
the bids. Remember, this bid then stood with
an erroneous footing by which it was $1,000 less
than it ought to have been; but after he saw the
next highest bid he could raise his bid $5,000 and
still be the lowest bidder. The alteration was
made, and then the error of the erroneous com-
putation to the extent of $1,000 was discovered,
and by the discovery of that mistake this fraud
was prevented from being successful!,
If Senators had read this report, if the keen
appetite of the Senator frorfi Kentucky had per-
mitted him to give half an hour before breakfast
to reading the report, he would have found that
the history of these bureaus was full, full to over-
flowing, of just exactly such cases; and that where
ever there was but one bidder, his bid was in-
creased before the opening to the extent of one or
two hundred per cent., and exactly in the same
way that this was done. Let me call attention to
one case of that kind particularly, because I do
not speak without the book upon this matter:
"This bid, which was rejected under advertisement of
February 13, 1863, was class thirty-three, for hardware for
Brooklyn yard, and was at least one hundred per cent,
above the market price.
" This bid came to the bureau, as is alleged, with an ag-
gregate looting of the prices of $15,797, the correct footing
of which was $22,585 40."
That is a very successful dodge of fraudulent
contractors, because they think the bureau will
just look at the footings; so they make an errone-
ous footing.
" Thls was the bid of Joseph L. Savage, and he was tlie
only bidder for this'class at the Brooklyn yard at this let-
ting. Ass this bid is one characteristic of a laige class, your
committee propose to call attention to some things about
it which to them, to say the least, appear exceedingly
strange and unaccountable by any theoiy consistent with
the integutyof those acting for the Government in this
matter. *
"'ilho agijrt'gate of this bid as originally made out and
wiitten down at length, was $6,725 40. That was the state
of that bid when it was completed, and by subsequent al-
terations and erasures and additions it was increased to
$22,585 40, thus, by tpis means, increasing the aggregate of
the bid more than two handled per cent. The cluet clerk
of the bureau, who appeared before the committee and was
examined by them, swears that the bid as it now is is just
as it was when it was opened. This evidence should be
weighed and considered along with the other evidence in
the case in determining how the fact is. In the first place,
the clerk does not appear to have, nor does he mean that
he has, any particular recollection of the precise facts of
this identical bid, buf swears from a general belief that such
was or should have been tho fact in ail cases. Against this
statement there is presented this question, arising on the
face of the paper, namely: Does it appear credible or even
possible that the honest correction of mistakes or errone-
ous estimates of puces by a merchant in a bid deliberately
made should carry prices from $6,725 40, to $22,585 40—
more than two hundred per cent.?
"This question appear? the more significant when we
look at the mode by which this result has been reached.
" In one aiticlo of brass screws, of whicii there were to
lie purchased 1,000 gioss, originally bid for at $3 a gioss,
and carried out correctly, $3,000, the 3 was subsequently
altered to 9, making the amount $9,000, instead of $3,000,
as it ouginally was, and by this single operation raising the
piice $6,000.
<4Another item of 75 yards iron jack-chain, originally bid
for at 41 cents, and carried out correctly $30 75, hatfa fig-
ure 1 inserted before 41, thus making the bid 141, instead of.
41, and making another item by which the bid is meieasfd
$75. It appears strange to your committee that the honest
eoriection of a mistake should require the addition of a
dollar to a bid which must be supposed to have been un-
derstanding^ made at 41 cents originally.
"Another correction of this kind is found of 50 dozen
scutcheons, thread brass, assorted, originally bid for at 30
cents, vubsequentlychanged to $1 30, the original carrying
out of the price being $15, which is coriect, and the addi-
tion of $1 making an increase of the piice to the amount
of $50, and the aggregate $05 instead of $15. These alter-
ations appear to have been made with different ink from
tiiat originally used in making the bid.
" Another correction of a similar character is where 300
pairs bra&s butt hinges, ouginally bid for at 75 cents n pair,
had a figure 1 subsequently in«erted before the 75, making
the bid $1 75 a pair instead of 75 cents apair,as originally
bid.
"Another instance of the similar correction of a mistake
in this exttaordinary bid is wheie 400 pairs of brass butt
hinges, originally hid for at 30 cents a pair, and carried out
in the nagiegate conectly at $120, has by the same process
had a fi^uie 1 inserted be foi e the 30, making tie bid $1 30
a pair, instead ol 30 cent*, as it oiiginally wa , and the ag-
gregate $520 ; making a difference against ihe Government
in this article aione of $400.
'• Your committee foibear to pursue this particular branch
ofinquiiy in regaid to this bid any fuither, satisfied that from
