THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PHOCEEDEnGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY F. & J. EI YES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 18G5.
New Series No. 33.
tlic cases referred to enough is shown to enable any one dis-
posed to pursue the lnqiU'y honestly, and to give to estab-
lished and unquestionable i'aets their just consideration to
come to a fair solunou of any question which the tacts rai'ce.
<• in the first place, were these alterations, thus exhibited,
honestly made, and the fair coriection of errors in prices at
first inadvertently made, and upon subsequent reflection
hun stly corrected ? To that question, in the minds of your
committee, there is and can be but one answer, and that a
decided negative."
The YICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
has expired.
Mr. HALE. I bow to that, of course; but I
would suggest that it is rather inconvenient to be
making these speeches at such little short hitches,
and I would be glad if the. suggestion of the Sen-
ator fiom Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittle] should
be complied with, and that if we intend to look
this up, (fori am interested about this committee
question,) we assign some day for its consider-
ation.
Mr. WILSON. Say the day after to-morrow.
Mr. HALE. I move that the resolution be
postponed until the day after to-morrow, (Thurs-
day,) and made the special order for one o'clock
of that day.
The motion was agreed to by a two-thirds vote.
MESSAGE FltOM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed a joint resolution (H. R.
No. 126) declaring certain States not entitled to
representation in the Electoral College.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
assigned for this day is a bill (S. No. 359) to re-
imburse the State of Missouri for moneys ex-
pended for the United States; but that is super-
seded by the unfinished business ofyesterday (S.
R. No. 97) advising retaliation for the cruel treat-
ment of prisoners by the insurgents.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to state to the
Senate that the bill which was made the special
order for to-day is a bill of very great importance
to my State, and unless it is passed promptly in
this body, I fear that there will not be sufficient
time left to secure for it the consideration of the
House of Representatives, and I desire very much
to have it passed by Congress at this session. It
has been postponed to enable Senators to examine
the report made in the ease by the Military Com-
mittee, unanimously, as I understand. I desire
that it shall be taken up to-day, and not lose its
place. I therefore move that all prior orders be
postponed, and that the bill be now considered.
I think it will take but a few moments.
The motion was agreed to; and the Secretary
commenced to read the bill.
Mr. WADE. Before that is read, I move to
proceed to the order of the day; i see no reason
for supeiseding that order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The order of the
day is before the Senate.
Mr. WADE. 1 know it is before the Senate,
but I move to supersede it by taking up the un-
finished business of yesterday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The measure to
which the Senator from Ohio refers was before the
Senate a few moments since, and the Senate has
just postponed it.
Mr. WADE. That is so; but I suppose it is
in order at this time to move to lay this bill aside
and take up that. I was decr-ivcd in what was
up, or I should have resisted that motion. I was
told that what way proposed was what I wanted,
or I should certainly have opposed it, for I would
not consent to quit the regular order and take up
other business at this time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Ohio moves to postpone the pending order for the
purpose of proceeding with the consideration of
Senate joint resolution No. 97.
Mr. HENDERSON. I sincerely hope theSen-
ator from Ohio will not insist upon that motion.
Tins bill was called up some ten days ago, and ;
was postponed to and made the special order for I
33
to-day. It was supposed Alen that this would be
the last day we could possibly have, in order to
allow time for the proper consideration of the bills
in the House of Representatives. It is a bill of
very deep importance to my State. 1 do not de-
sire to antagonize it with the measure of which
the Senator from Ohio has charge; but it was
made the special order for to-day at one o'clock,
and I want action on it. I do not ask to have it
taken up so as to get rid of the Senators resolu-
tion, but so that it may be disposed of at once.
There is a lengthy report accompanying the bill,
a full report of all the circumstances attending
this claim on the part of the State, and Sena-
tors have no doubt thoroughly examined it. i
hope the Senator from Ohio will postpone for a
little while his desire to have his resolution con-
sidered this morning, and let me have this bill dis-
posed of. If it piovokes any discussion, 1 shall
be willing to let it be postponed and made the spe-
cial order for to-morrow, or the next day,or some
other very early day. i do not desire to conflict
with the consideration of the question that he is
now urging; but in view of the very great import-
ance of this bill to my State and the possibility of
the results which may follow its defeat, I must
beg the Senate to indulge me by early disposing
of the bill.
Probably Senators will remember that at the
close of the last session I undertook to get a bill
of this character passed, and then stated to the
Senate that unless u was done our State would
be overiun by Price and his men. Since then
that very thing has occurred. I desire now to
state to the Senate that, m my opinion, unless
something of this sort is done, we shall be sub-
jected to the very same treatment that we have
been subjected to there for the last three or four
years. By failing to act here lastyear, the people
of Missouri lost twenty millions of propeity in
consequence of that raid of Puce.
ft is a matter of very great importance to my
State. Financially it is overthrown, and without
something to sustain and uphold the finances of the
State, we have no ability to oppose ouiselves to
these fiequent inroads. We have to-day fifty-
nm« thousand men down in the army of the Ten-
nessee. They have been doing duty there. Our
men are sent out of the State just so soon as they
enter the service, and we are left, to defend our-
selves by our enrolled militia. The military com-
manders of the United States, being also major
generals of the enrolled militia, have called it out
year after year, and the State of Missouri has
been compelled to pay them; if the State does not
pay, nobody pays. The Senate will remember
the condition of my State; it is not in a condition
to meet these demands upon its treasury. I sin-
cerely hope, inasmuch as this bill was ten days
ago made the special order for to-day, that the
Senate will a^ree to have it now considered.
Mr. WADE. I will not consent that the regu-
lar order of the day shall bo superseded by any
pecuniary interest whatever. In my judgment
it is a measure that ought not to be delayed an
hour; and when the gentleman seeks to antago-
nize with it a bill which he says is of deep pecu-
niary interest to his State, involving a large sum
of money, I suppose, I know enough of the Sen-
ate to know that it will be debated perhaps for a
long time; and I cannot consent toallow thisgreat
measure, which the Senate have had so long un-
der consideration, to be superseded by any other
measure that Senators can get up. Of course, if
the Senate see fit to pass u by, they will do so,
but never with my consent. 1 hope the Senate
will proceed with the regular order of the day,
and finish it. to-dav.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. WADE called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I understand the propo-
sition is to postpone the consideration of the bill
that the Senator from Missouri has called up,
in order to go on with the resolution of the Sen-
ator from Ohio.
^ The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the ques-
tion.
Mr. HENDERSON. Now I desire merely
to state to the Senate, before the vote is taken*
that this bill was ten days ago made the special
order for to-day at one o'clock.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll, and
Mr. Anthony responded to his name.
Mr. HENDERSON. Senators seem not to
understand the question— 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
not open to debate, tlie call of the roll having
commenced and one Senator having answered to
his name.
Mr. HENDERSON. Senators seem not to
understand the question, and I desire at least to
have it stated again.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state the question again, if there be no objection.
Senate joint resolution No. 97, relating to retal-
iation, was before the Senate as the unfinished
business of yesterday. The Senator from Mis-
souri moved to postpone that for the purpose of
taking up the bill which was made the special or-
der for to-day. That motion was put and declared
to be agreed to. The Secretary was proceeding
to read that bill, when the Senator from Ohio
moved to postpone it for the purpose of taking
up the unfinished business of yesterday; and that
is the question now before the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. The question is on post-
poning the Missouri bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Yes, for the pur-
pose of taking up the unfinished business of yes-
terday.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to state that my col-
league [Mr. Grimes] has been detained for sev-
eral days from his seat on account of sickness,
and is still detained for the same reason.
The calling of the roll having been concluded,
the result was announced—yeas 20, nays 18; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Collnmer,
Conness, Dixon, Doollttte, Fnrweif, Foot, Foster, Hrul.m,
Howard, Howe, Usine of Indiana, Morrill, Ramsey, Ten
Eyck, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—20.
"NAYri—Messrs. Buckalevv, Carhlc, Davis, Hale, Hen-
derson, II endued, Johnson, Lane of Kansas*, Moigan, Nes-
limit, Powell, Richardson, t* iuls>buiy, Spruguc, Simmer,
Van Winkle, Will^aml Wripht—IB.
ABSENT—Mes«is. Biown, Cowan, Grimes. Harding,
II.uri<;. Hicks, McDougall, I'ouieioy, iiuldle, Sherman, and
Trumbull—II.
So the motion was agreed to.
RETALIATION ON REBEL PRISONERS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
accordingly resumed the consideration of the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 97) advising retaliation for
the cruel treatment of pi isoners by the insuigents.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Wilson] to recommit the resolu-
tion with all the amendments and proposed amend-
ments to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Milltia.
Mr. WADE. Thnt was withdrawn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Upon that ques-
tion the yeas and nays were ordered, and it could
not be withdrawn without unanimous consent,
which was refused.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I did not
expect to say another word upon thissubject,and
would not now except for some of the arguments
made yesterday by the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Wade] and the Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Chandler,] and more particularly because of an
editorial winch I find in the Republican organ of
the State of Indiana, which I received this morn-
ing, and parts of which 1 will read:
• In a recent discussion in the United States Senate on
the Mibjcct ol x'tahation upon the rebels for their inhuman
treatment oi our pa-oners of war. the telegraph reports Mr.
Hendricks as having t-uid 1 that lie. was> in favor of no re-
taliation. That was not a principle of Christianity. He
slated upon tii*1 authority <'f Captain Fljmi,;i released pris-
oner from Indiana, that the prinoneis at Ander.*onvilie were
treated n* well as the rebel guard*.' On foemg questioned
bv Mr. Howard in leferenee to his position, Mr. Hkn-
d'ricks leplied • that ho did not know only what he had
fctatcd upon the authority of a returnc-d prisoner."
