1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
515
ferred. The most earnest denunciation of the
measure was from the Senator from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Sumner.] I had not known that the
Senator from Massachusetts had ever very inti-
mate fellowship with the leaders of the rebellion.
I had not known that he was in high standing with
the leaders of therebellion. I think thatanything
but very intimate relations existed between that
Senator and the leaders of the rebellion; and I
can not conceive why the Senator from Ohio should
attribute to the Senatorfrom Massachusetts rela-
tions of that sort or sympathy with therebellion.
Does he refer to other Senators ? In the course of
this debate there has been nothing said which jus-
tifies the charge of sympathy with the rebellion.
So far as I am concerned I disclaim all sympathy
with the rebels. Politically, I have more cause of
complaint against the leaders of the rebellion than
the Senator. They never were his friends politi-
cally. Many ofthem once belonged to the Demo-
cratic party, and in my judgment they were in
honor bound to stand by the doctrines of that
party as enunciated in the Cincinnati convention
in 1856; and when they abandoned the Union they
abandoned theirobligations to theparty to which 1
belong; they cut them selves off from the sympathy
to which they were entitled while they stood faith-
fully to the Union and the Constitution.
Mr. WADE. If the Senator will allow me, I
think he is mistaken in one thing. He says that
the leaders of the rebellion belonged to the Demo-
cratic party. 1 think the Democratic party be-
longed to them. 1 think he is wrong in that.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not intend in the
course of this debate to bandy words. I am an-
swering the insinuations of the Senator. I should
have liked it better if he had made a direct charge
againstsomo Senator that he held sympathy with
the rebellion, rather than by insinuation to make
the charge. The Senator spoke earnestly yes-
terday of courage. 1 think, sir, it is evidence of
courage where a man makes a charge squaiely
and directly, rather than by insinuation. So far
as I am concerned, I throw the insinuation back
to the Senator from Ohio. I have never done an
act, I have never said a woul, that evidenced a
sympathy with the rebellion. This far I have
gone; this far I go now: I hope to see the day
when they will be back among us, friends again,
obedient to the law, honoring and respecting the
Constitution and the flag of my country, so that
we shall once more be the united, prosperous,
and happy people that we were before these dif-
ficulties c;ime upon us. Is that sympathy with
therebellion? That, sir, in my judgment, is sym-
pathy with my country, my whole country.
This is not the first time in the history of legis-
lation that fear has been held up to control the
action of legislators. The Senator from Michi-
gan [Mr. Chandler] makes throats of our con-
stituency, particularly vthc constituency,of the
Senators from Massachusetts. Js the Senator
not aware that the language of threat can only be
answered by that of defiance? Who constituted
the Senator from Michigan a pedagogue in our
body to hold the ferule over shivering children?
i expect to vote according to the dictates of my
judgment and cousciencc, and intimations of
" sympathy with the rebellion" will not control
me. My conscience being right on this subject,
I shall vote according to that conscience. As I
referred to the Fiench Revolution the other day
by way of illustration, I will refer to it again,
and will read one passage from Abbott's French
Revolution. Speaking of the horiible butcheries
daily perpetrated in Paris, the author says:
"Aivl yet then? iva* a cowardly *pnit impelling thc^c
tnri^sacreV:, Noonedaied i-peak a word in behall of mercy
lie should ha deemed in sympathy wnh aristocrats.
ITo* alone w;ui safe Itom siNpicjon who was nieioilos m
denunciation of the suspected. It i1-. however,lem-iikable
that neatly ail the actors in Ok'fo of blood, even in
the hom of death, protested their conscientiousness and
their liitesnty."
In the midst of those horrible scenes the most
extreme men excited suspicion against those who
were in favor of a wiser and amoie humane policy.
1 have here a list of the executions during those
horrible times, but I will not detain the Senate by
reading it. Hut, sir, he in Pans in those days
who was not in favor of wholesale butchery was
a suspected person*, and why ? Because the lead-
ers chose to use that suspicion as a power to con-
trol the votes ofmembers ofthe Convention. Why,
sir, did you ever observe the charge upon which
Dan ton was tried and executed? When the mas-
sacres had gone to such an extent as to shock even
Danton, he was put upon his trial, and this is the
charge:
"A secret meeting of the Committee of Public Safety was
convened by night, and Danton was accused of the 'trea-
son of clemency.'J> * * * * "As Damon
enteied the gloomy portals of the piison he said,
"'At lensrth f perceive that, in ievolution,the supreme
power ultimately lests with the most abandoned.'"
I have said, Mr. President, that I am in favor
of that policy which will secure the return of our
brothers and friends now in southern prisons to
their homes. I have said that I am in favor of
such retaliation as will secure to them treatment
according to the usages of civilized nations. Does
any Senator object to that proposition? This
is clemency, they say, and this justifies Senators
in intimating that there is a sympathy with the
rebellion. My sympathy is not with the rebel-
lion, but with my country. I say we cannot do
what is proposed and stand as a civilized people
among the nations of the earth. I wish I could
command at the present npoment the language of
one of the greatest oratois of our country. The
sentiment he expressed I can give. lie was speak-
ing of the conduct of Russia toward the exiles
from Hungary. He said the earthquake has its
power, the lightning has its power, the tornado
has its power, but there is a power greater than
all, and that is the judgment of the civilized world.
When the Senator from Ohio speaks of courage,
I claim to have the courage which I accord to him;
but I say, as a Senator representing one of the
proud States of this Union, I do defer to the judg-
ment of the civilized woild.
What record does the Senator propose that we
shall make? The South say that they have treated
our prisoners as well as they could. It is not be-
lieved heie; it is not believed by myself; but that
is their defense; that is what they say to the na-
tions of the world. " We have treated these
prisoners as well as our means would allow; we
have not wantonly and willfully inflicted cruelty
and barbarity upon them." That is the message
they send out to the world. What message do
we send? We say to the nations of the world,
in the language of the Senator from Michigan,
[Mr. Chandler:]
" I shall vote for this measure of retaliation, and for any
measure of retaliation that promises to be effective. Ay,
sir, f will cany it to the point of starvation. A Senator
the other day put the que*uon, would jou cany it to the
stake? Yes, su.l will cany it to the slake, and J will
cariv it to any exrent that is necessary to pren'i \v the lives
of those suffering and helpless prisoners now dying; by thou-
sands ai the hands ol the&e accused, hellish tebeW."
Nobody can chaige the Senator with any sym-
pathy for rebels after the use of such powerful
language. If thoughts become powerful as the
language is very strong, the Senator trom Ohio
and the Senator from Michigan certainly com-
mand most potentarguments. " Hellish rebels 1"
As 1 said, 1 hope to see the day when they will
be American citizens again, obedient to the laws
and the Constitution, and when that time comes,
I think the Senator from Michigan will look back
to this httle record of his with some regret. When
we come to be one people again, as he and I alike
hope for, when the social relations are restored,
when we visit them and they visit us, when the
railroads shall be reconstructed that bind us to
them, when our trade shall be renewed, and the
men of his State and of my State shall again
carry the products of our rich lands down the
rivers to sell to them, and buy from them and
bring back the means of increasing prosperity to
our respective States, then the Senator will wish
he had used such terms in this debate that all
could look back to it without a regret.
Mr. President, I cannot support the proposition
of the Senator from Ohio, though it is hard to tell
what his proposition is. He argued yesterday for
starvation; but his resolution isnotforstarvation.
He has yielded that. His proposition before the
body upon retaliation, conceding the power to the
President, directs him to exercise that power only
: according to the laws and usages of nations. Then
if he wished this debate to come to a close and
that we should have a vote on the measure, why
was it necessary to go back and discuss a prop-
osition which he had himself abandoned? My
objection to it is this: after he had abandoned his
original resolution by his modification, he then
makes this speech with the expectation, I sup-
pose, that the President will read the resolution 111
the light of the speech. I do notconsent to [hat.
His proposition of starvation,'and the proposition,
of theSenator from Michigan, of the stake, I think
would find but little support in this body- I dg
not go for it, and we canno.t go for it. Senators
say it shall be, but I say it will notbe. It cannot
be, for God and His religion forbid, it; itcsnnQt
be, for civilized humanity forbid it; it cannot be,
for the genius of our country presiding over .its
destiny forbids it. Let the resolution, then, be
modified by the committee so as to reflect the sen-
timents of the body as shown in the debate, and
the many amendments thathave been offered,and
there will be no difficulty in passing the measure.
Mr. TEN EYCK. Mr. President, I listened
the other day to the statement of the Senator from
Indiana as he understood it to have been made
by Captain Flinn to his neighbors at home in re*
lation to the manner ill which our prisoners had
been treated in Libby prison, or at Richmond.
That statement did not exactly accord with the
statement I myself had received from an author-
itative source; but I did not feel myself called
upon to arrest the Senator in the progress of the
debate for the purpose of making a counter state-
ment, nor did I consider it necessary at that time
to interfere with the discussion for the purpose
of counteracting the influence of that statement,
supposing it was not materially to be relied upon,
or that a point would not. be made of it in rela-
tion to the mode in which our prisoners were
treated at Richmond. But since that matter has
been referred to over and over again, and reiter-
ated during the course of this discussion some
three or four times, J think it is my duty,in jus-
tice to the true history of the mode of treating
prisoners there, and in justice to a gallant Union
soldier and sufi'erer, that 1 should make a simple
statement ofthe evidence in my possession.
Captain Henry Sawyer, who was taken at the
same time with Captain Flinn, and who was held
by the rebels for retaliation on account of two of
their officers who had been executed under Gen-
eral Burnside's command, eame to the city of
Washington the very day after he landed at An-
napolis, fresh fionvthe Libby prison. He was
from my State; and I am proud of the man who
has by his gallantry, although acting in an infe-
rior capacity, shed luster and honor upon her
soldiery. Captain Sawyer came tottering into
my house in the presence of my wife and chil-
dren, and he detailed the sufferings of our Union
soldiers in the Libby prison. He stated, if 1 re-
member his declarations aright, and they made a
deep impression upon me at the time, that they
suffered almost every thing butdeath. He stated
that they were nearly starved; that they had not
sufficient clothing and protection from the weather;
and so far as'regarded himself and Captain Flinn ,
they were cast into a dungeon, and one had to sit
up and watch while the dther slept to prevent
them from beinggnawed by the rats. The story
made such an impression upon me that I have
thought of it since in my dreams. Whether the .
report made by Captain Flinn's neighbors of the
treatment of prisoners in Libby is correct, or
whether the report made by my friend Captain
Sawyer is correct, 1 am unable to say; but the
effect of that treatment upon Captain Sawyer
was such that as soon as he was able to resume
the saddle he went, in accordance with the indig-
nation of his feelings, declaring in the presence
of my family that he would retaliate upon these
rebels with his saber; and he has done it since
to our credit and to his credit.
I make this statement in justice to him, and for
the purpose of putting his testimony befoie the
country in relation to the mode in which our
Union prisoners are treated at Richmond as well
as at Andersonville.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Mr. President, I desire to
occupy the attention of the Senate for but a mo-
ment or two onlyupon this question. Ithasbeen
discussed so fully and freely and frankly that I
feel in le fere lice to my position upon the question
very much as a patriotic lady from Philadelphia
felt yesterday. After listening to the debate on
this subject for a day or two she said, "My grand-
son shail be a Senator ot the United fetates. You
can imagine the mother's feeling in reference to a
relation so intimate os that of grandchild; and,
sir, if it is in my power to be of any service on
this floor in my capacity as a Senator, I shall yet
be inspired with a feeling to do and to dare for
