THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY F. & J. RIVES, WASHINGTON, ]}. C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2b Se&sion.
FRIDAY, MARCH 3, 1865.
New Series No. 81.
use for it in the crude state. It must go to some
refinery in order to be refined; and the chances
of detection in any attempt to cheat the revenue
will be sis forty to one against it. My impression,
therefore, is, from the detached condition of these
wells—they may often be found in bunches, and
then again none may be found for several miles—
it will require a great number of inspectors on
that account alone; and extending as this region
does over so large a strip of country and places
that are not readily accessible by the ordinary
roads, it will of course require a still larger num-
ber. On the other hand, every provision is made
in the preceding section to ptocure the return
under oath of the amount produced; and the as-
sessor will have it in iiis power, with a little care,
to verify those returns, made under oath, without
much difficulty; and all this in addition to what
1 have said, that all this oil must go either to a
point of shipment where it will reach the sea-
coast and be transported to Europe, or go to some
refinery where it will be manufactured into an
illuminating oil. There is, therefore, the possi-
bility of having every check which could be de-
sired upon it without the intervention of these
inspectors.
Mr. HENDERSON. It strikes me that if we
rely upon the assessors in the district where these
oil wells are to determine the quantity of oil that
may be obtained from the different wells, we shall
never get a true return of the quantity. I know
full well that my friend from West Virginia would
not advocate any policy whatever that would be
calculated to deprive the Government of a cent;
but we all know that it would be impossible for
an assessor for a whole congressional district in
West Virginia or Pennsylvania, where these oil
wells are, to^ittend to this matter himself.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. He has assistants.
Mi*. HENDERSON. My friend says he has
assistants. 1 appeal to him and ask him if any
thiee or four assistants of an assessor in one of
the congressional districts where these oil wells
are, could inspectall this oil. I will take for in-
stance his own district in Wirt county and the
counties adjoining in the State of West Virginia,
where there are a great many wells, and I under-
take to say it will take the assessor and fifteen or
twenty assistants properly to inspect this oil.
We all know that the assessor will have some-
thing else to do besides attending to these oil
wells. As I understand itsome of them produce
fiom eight hundred to fifteen hundred barrels of
oil per day; a great many of them are flowing
wells; and there is not room enough there for the
oil to be retained. It is carried off immediately;
put into barrels and sent off; and in the thousands
of barrels that are daily sent off from the oil re-
gion it would be utterly impossible for the as-
sessor and assistants to see that it was properly
inspected. Weshould have to rely entirely upon
the honor and honesty of the individuals who are
shipping it from the vicinity of the wells. But I
am not disposed to put any obstacle in the way of
the desire of these gentlemen, who certainly un-
derstand this question much better than myself. It
strikes me, however, that we had better have an
inspection, no matter what the cost may be.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. The remark of the gen-
tleman referring to my own neighborhood enables
me to illustrate what I said better than I could
without such reference. He states the num-
ber of wells in Wirt county. Now, every barrel
of oil that is produced in Wirt county must seek
the Little Kanawha river, either to be floated
down that river or to be wagoned by its side,
because such is is the topography of ourcountry
that the roads must lie along the water courses.
There are very few exceptions to that, and there-
fore all that oil does concentrate at Parkersburg
in order to be shipped up or down the Ohio river,
or at the first point it touches on the Northwestern
Virginia railroad, which is but eleven miles from
Parkersburg. At these two points an assessor
will have it in his power to know of every barrel
of oil which is produced from all that section of
country.
81
Mr. COWAN. A single word. As long as
the tax is levied on the gallon, of course there
must be some mode of ascertaining how many
gallons there are, and that seems to have given rise
to the sixth section to provide for an inspection;
but if, as I shall propose to amend the previous
section, we impose the duty on the barrel, then
the measurement by the inspectors does not be-
come necessary, because the barrels will be readily
counted and easily arrived at by everybody.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment striking out the section.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 9; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony, Carlile, Collamer, Cowan,
Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Faiwell, Foot, Foster, Giimcs,
Hale, Harris, Hendiicks, Johnson,Morrill, Nye, Pomeroy,
Powell, Ramsey, Spiauuo, Stewart, Sumner, Trumbull,
Van Winkle, Wade, Willey and Wiiglit—28.
NAYS—Messrs. ftrovvn, Chandler, Clark, Connors, Hen-
derson, Howe, Moigan, Sherman, and Ten Eyek—9.
ABSENT—IVIessis. IJuekalew* Haidins, Harlan, How-
ard, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, McDougall, Neg-
nnth, Richardson, Riddle, Saulsbuty, Wilkinson, and Wil-
son—13.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COWAN. Now, in order to make the
fourth section of the present bill (the sixth section
of the House bill) conform to the position in which
the bill is, I move to strike out on page 46, line
four of the section, the words "two cents on
each and every gallon" and insert "one dollar
on each and every barrel of not more than forty-
live gallons," as the duty on crude petroleum.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am in favor of the spirit
of the amendment; but suppose other casks are
used, not barrels, will there not be a ground for
debate?
Mr. COWAN. I made particular inquiry about
that. The barrels range from forty to forty-five
gallons; forty is the lowest, and forty-five the
highest.
Mr. SHERMAN. Suppose it is put in casks.
Mr. COWAN. There are no casks used.
Mr. HENDERSON. But suppose after this
tax is levied they should be used? Suppose the
oil men should obtain casks holding sixty-five
gallons, and ship the article in that way?
Mr. COWAN. Very well then; they have to
pay on that quantity.
Mr. HENDERSON. Not if the Senator is
done amending the section.
Mr. COWAN. You will sec when I^getdone,
I want to get one thing at a time. I now move,
on the 47th page, in line eight of section five, as
the bill stands, (section seven as it came from the
other House,) to strike out the word "gallons"
and insert " barrels," and in lines nineteen and
twenty to strike out the words "gallons barreled
or" and insert the word " barrels."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COWAN. 1 now move to add this pro-
viso to the section on page 46:
ProvidedJurlher, That when casks or barrels are used
holding moie than forty-five gallons the exce-s shall be paid
for at the late of one dollar for every tony-live gallons.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move to amend the
amendment by inserting the words "or other
vessels."
Mr. COWAN. I accept that modification.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER. I wish to move a slight amend-
ment on the 24th page of the bill, at line five hun-
dred and seventy-nine. It is after the word
" paid" to insert " or a sum paid equal thereto."
It does not, I think, change the meaning of the
text, but the object is to make it a little more clear.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let the proviso be read as
it will read if it be amended as now proposed.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Provided, however, That brass made of copper and spelter,
on which a duly of three per cent, ad valorem shall have
been assessed and paid, or a sum paid equal thereto, shall
be axspcsod and pay a duty of three per cent, on the in-
creased value only thereof.
Mr. HENDERSON, I should like to have
an explanation of that amendment. I do not un-
derstand it.
Mr. FOSTER. As the proviso now stands,.
" brass made of copper and spelter, on whicK
duty of three per cent, ad valorem shall have been, 11
assessed and paid, shall be assessed and pay a4
duty of three per cent, on the increased value only
thereof." If the tax has been assessed in some
other form than ad valorem, if it has been a *spe-'
cific duty, which is the case in this instance,
although it would be more than three per cent.
ad valorem, there might be a question whether it
came technically within the expression. My
amendment is simply to make it clear that if a tax
has been paid equal to the amount of three per
cent, ad valorem, although it was paid in the form
of a specific duty, it shall be the same as though
it was an ad valorem tax.
Mr, HENDERSON. I understand.
Mr. FOSTER. It is not intended to evade the
law in any way.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I desire to offer an amend-
ment, to be added to the fifth section, to come in
after line six of that section, on page 46: V
Provided, That any existing bank organized under the 1
laws of any State having a paid up capital of not less than
$75,000, which shall apply bclbie the 1st day of July next
lor authority to become a national bank under the act en-
titled ii An act to provide a national currency secured by
a pledge oMfcJmted States bonds, and to pioviae for the cir-
culation and icdemption theieof," approved June 3, 1864,,
and shall comply with all the requirements of said act,'
shall, if Mich bank be found by the Comptroller of the Cur-
rency to be in good standing and credit, receive such au-
thority in piefercnce to new associations applying for the
same.
The object of the section as it stands of course
is to destroy the State banks, or to compel them
to come into the national system.
Mr. SHERMAN. Perhaps the Senator had
better offer this os a new section.
Mr. ANTHONY. I offer it, then, as new
section, striking out the word "provided" and
inserting the words " and be it further enacted."
I propose, as the State banks are to be forced into
the national system, to give them the preference
over new associations in coming into it, provided
they apply before the 1st of July next.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I have an amendment
which I intended to offer to the banking system.
I intended to offer it as a proviso to the fifth sec-
tion, but probably it would come in more prop-
erly as a proviso to this amendment of the Senator
from Rhode Island. Its object is to enable the
State banks of West Virginia to avail themselves
of the privilege of becoming national banks,
though it is not confined to thatState. I offer my
amendment as a proviso to theamendmentof the
Senator from Rhode Island, in this form:
Provided, That it shall be lawful for any bank or bank-
ing association organized under State iaws and having
bumches, the capital being joint and assigned to and used
by the mother bank and branches in definite proportions,
to become a national banking association m conformity
with existing laws, and to letain and keep in operation its
branches or such one oi more as it may eicctto retain, tlrn
amount of the circulation ledecmable at the mother bank
and each branch to be regulated by the amount of capital
assigned to and used by each.
It may be perhaps that the law as it now stands
would not forbid banks of the character here de-
scribed becoming national banks and retaining
their branches; but there has been some mis-
conception in relation to the character of these
branches. It is not the system that prevails I
believe in Indiana and Ohio where there are in
fact a number of affiliated banks regulated by a
central board of control, and the objection to their
being transferred in a bunch and made national
banks is that there cannot be two controlling pow-
ers. But the banks of the character described in
the amendment that I have offered are found in
our State, in Missouii, in Pennsylvania, I believe,
and in some other States, and they amount simply'
to one bank having two or more offices at whicn
it transacts its business. In the case of our banks
the State owns about one half of the stock and in
granting an additional subscription of stock on
the part of the State—I will take a specific case
with which I am more familiar—in granting an
additional subscription on the part of the State
