1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1283.
the interest of an infant manufacture here—the
silk manufacture. In several descriptions of silks
that me made in this country the thread or yarn
from which the warps are made cannot be made
in this country and is always imported.
Mr. SHERMAN. On reflection I am con-
vinced that this is a very important and a very
dangerous change. Under the present law, when
a duty is paid on an imported article, that duty
cannot be deducted from the value of the imported
article in this country into which it goes, in esti-
mating the internal tax. That is the construction
put upon it by the Department. This amend-
ment of the honorable Senator, although probably
he does not so design it, would extend the pro-
viso so as to enable the manufacturers here to de-
duct the duty on the imported article which has
been paid probably by the importer from the ar-
ticle manufactured in this country out of material
on which an import duty has been paid. If the
purpose is to make such a radical change as that,
it is a very important provision, because many
articles of importation form a part of articles man-
ufactured in this country. Under the law as now
framed, a duty on an imported article cannot be
deducted from the internal tax. If that is pro-
vided for in this case, it will be the only case m
our whole system of internal taxation.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Perhaps ldtd notstate
the case exactly, as I was a little confused about
it when I parted with the amendment itself and
sent it to the desk. The idea is to provide that
the tax upon the manufactured article shall only
be on the increased value thereof, and theamend-
mentonly goes so far as this, that the duly which
has been paid on the importation shall be taken
into consideration as well as the internal tax, if
the goods have been imported, ft may be liable
to the objection made by the chairman of the
Finance Committee, but 1 do not think so.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let me take the case of
silk spools which I believe enter into the manu-
facture of worsted sjoods. We had some speci-
mens before us. These silk spools pay an import
duty of twenty or thirty per cent. They form a
part of the manufactured article of woisted goods,
of which a large quantity is made in this country.
Does the Senator suppose that from the tax on
the worsted goods when manufactured the duties
paid by the importer of silk spools shall be de-
ducted? That is the effect of the amendment. It
changes the whole theory of the law. By the
second proviso any duty paid in this country un-
der the internal revenue act, on the thread, yarn,
or warp, may be deducted from the duty on the
completed aitide, but toextend it beyond thatand
allow a deduction to be made of the duty on the
imported article which goes into and forms a part
of the manufactured article would be introducing
a new and very dangerous principle. The whole
of our duties on imported goods might then be
deducted fiom the duties on the completed articles
of which they form part.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. The amendment does
not piopose to deduct the import duty. It only
provides that in assessing this internal duty it
shall be laid on the incieased value. That is all
our artisans will have had to do with it. They
anufacture it fiom these imported warps, and
they ought to pay duty only on the value they
have added to it. I confess that i have not suffi-
cient practical knowledge of this subject even to
state it as itappears to my own mind, butitstrikes
me that it is only just to this infant branch of
manufacture to which 1 havealiuded,and which is
now struggling for existence, to adopt this amend-
ment. To make them pay a duty upon a duty
that has already been paid, it seems to me is go-
ing too far.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 offer this amendment as an
additional section:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That one fourth part of the
proceed*of the levenue that maybe collected underti is
acl and uiid<*r all U\v  of the Unued States imposing taxes
or raising sevenue, be, and tin: saiiK1 i.s hereby, dtcluicd in
bc^et apart and pledged to p.iy all debt*, claims, and de-
mands which any loyal State, citizen, or other person
friendly to the United States may have iiLMtnst the United
£tuto, and any such sState, citizen, or pesson may sue the
Uniied States in any ottln'irencuitordMrictcouitsforsueh
debts, climax, or demand?-, and *ucli suit &hall be heaid,
adjudged, and deles united according to the principles and
the lorms and modea of proceeding that are applicable in
suits between private individuals.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. CONNESS. I offer a slight amendment
which I think the chairman of the Finance Com-
mittee will accept. It is to insert after the word
" act," in line two hundred and eighty, on page
13, this proviso:
Provided, That this shall not apply to any miner whose
receipt from his mine shall not exceed annually $1,000.
The object is not to tax those who are abso-
lutely poor and searching for ore.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not see why the Sen-
ator wants to put that in. If he thinks it makes
the law any stronger than it is at present I have
no objection, but the exemption now under the
old law extends to all employments where the
amount realized is less than $1,000.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the chairman call my
attention to that particular part of the law?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is the eightieth section,
which says that no license shall be required in
cases where the amount of sales is less than
$1,000.
Mr. CONNESS. This is not a matter involv-
ing sales.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is a license tax. The
Senate will see it is the license on miners. Now
the section which is here proposed to be amended,
the eightieth section of the present law, provides
that no licenses shall be required where the amount
of sales or products is less than $1,000. How-
ever, I have no objection to the amendment.
Mr. CONNESS. Very, well. It is a matter
of doubt, and I prefer to have the proviso in to
remove the doubt.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. The ninety-fourth section
of the existing law contains a clause which I un-
derstand has been construed,and I suppose prop-
erly construed, to include fertilizing manuies—
an article very much in demand in all the middle
States, particularly in my own State—and the tax
is ten per cent. This supplementary bill does not
exempt fertilizingmanures from the incieased tax
U imposes on articles included in the ninety-fourth
section of the present law. I move to amend the
bill by inserting afler " benzole," in line eleven
of section four, page 45, the word u fertilizers."
The effect of this amendment, if adopted, will be
to letfertilizers remain subject to the tax imposed
by the original act.
Mr. HENDERSON. Why exempt them any
more than various other articles?
Mr. JOHNSON. Wood-screws have already
been excepted from the operation of this section.
Mr. HENDERSON. If we listen to Senators
we shall get most of the articles in the exception,
and there will be no use in making anyinctease.
Mr. JOHNSON. The reason I offer the amend-
ment is that this tax falls exclusively on the agri-
culturists; it increases the price of the fertilizers,
and they are now complaining very much of the
practical operation of the five per cent, winch is
imposed on fertilizers by the original act. It is
now proposed to increase that tax twenty per
cent., and it will be so increased unless this ex-
ception be made. I submit that when you are
taxing the agriculturist on all he eats and wears,
and looking to the benefits which the count! y de-
rives from the fertility of the soil, this is an im-
politic tax. My own view is that they ought not
to be taxed at all, but they are able to geton now
with the tax imposed by the original act; but the
information I have is that perhaps the whole busi-
ness will be stopped if it is increased as proposed
here. It amounts to very little in point of tact to
the Treasury, but a good deal to the farmers.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not know that I
shallmakeany special opposition to the Senator's
proposition, but I will make one remark. The
farmers of the country are less taxed under this
bill than any other class, except, perhaps, beer
drinkers; I think they get off very lightly. We
are afraid to tax anybody that drinks beer or man-
ufactures beer, and we do not tax farmers as much
as other individuals.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I move toinsfcrtafter" twenty-
eight," m line two hundred and seventy-six, on
page 12, the words, " by striking out paragraph
twenty-nine." If I can have the attention ot the
Senate for a moment they will see the effect of
this amendment, and I think will be disposed to
agree with me. The paragraph which I propose
to strike out is as follows: j
29. Foieigu insurance agents shall pay fifty dollars for |
each license. Every person who shall act as agent of any
foreign fire, marine, hfe, mutual, or other insurance com-
pany or companies, shall be regarded asa foreign insurance
agent under this act.
The previous paragraph provides that insurance
agents shall pay ten dollars for each license. The
Senate will observe that here is a discrimination!
against the agents of foreign insurance ofHcos,or,
as they are called, "foreign insurance agents."
In point of fact, there is but one foreign office
acting through agents in this country; that is the'
London, Liverpool, and Globe Insurance Office,
having an agency in New York, with otheragents
throughout the country; but the gentleman rep-
resenting this office in New York are all Ameri-
cans, and the agents appointed by them through-
out the country are all Americans; so that this
tax falls upon American citizens, ithas actually
happened that the agents of this company, par-
ticularly in the State of Ohio, where they were
numerous, have been obliged to give up their
agency, because their business was not enough
to justify the payment of this tax. They could
have paid ten dollars, but they could not pay ten
dollars. The consequence is that the revenue baa
actually lost from this provision instead of gaining.
Then again, sir, I understand that thisdiscrim-
ination is the only one in the whole bill as against
foreigners. In every particular the bill from be-
ginning to end, with this exception, treats all
alike, puts them on the same footing. If you go
to England for an illustration, I am told that there
is no discrimination there, and that in point of
fact there are at this moment two leading insur-
ance companies of New York operating in Liver-
pool and in London through agents, and those
agents pay nothing in England which the agents
of English insurance companies do not also pay.
Therefore, i might ask that foreign agents here
should be putori the same footing with the agents
of domestic insurance offices, on grounds of reci-
procity as between England and the United States;
but 1 put it on two distinct grounds: first, that
nothing is gained to the revenue by this discrimi-
nation; and secondly, that the discrimination,so
far as it takes effect, operates upon American cit-
izens. 1 think there can be no objection to the
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 move to insert on page
30, after the word " transportation,"in line seven
hundred and twenty-four
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Michigan proposes to amend an amendment
already adopted. That is not now in order. It
will be in order when the bill shall have been re-
ported to the Senate.
Mr. HENDERSON. I offer an amendmentaa
an additional section:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That section one hundred and
ten be amended by inserting after the words " 1st day of
July, 1864," the words" Pioaided, That on and after the
l*t day of July, 18S5, in addition to the duties on circula-
tion prescribed in t-aid section, there shall be levied, col-
lected, and paid by all banks, associations, corporations,
companies or persons is«umji circulating notes and having
a capital of mote than $300:0UU,a duty of one eighth at ona
per cent, each month upon the average amount of circula-
tion iss-ued by any such bank, association, corporation,
company, or person in exce&s of eighty per cent, of its au-
thouzed'capital; and after the 1st day of July, 1866, atiuty
of one lout th ol one per cent, e&ch month upon the average
amount ot its circulation as aforesaid, in excess of sixty per
cent, of its authorized capitaland that said section b«
further amended by striking out all of the first proviso to
said section down to and inclusive of the words " redemp-
tion thereof."
Senators will see by reference to section one
hundred and ten of the existing law that it im-
poses a duty upon bank deposits of one twenty-
fourth of one per cent., upon bank capital one
twenty-fourth ofoneper cent.,and upon bank cir-
culation one twelfth of one per cent, per month.
The first proviso to that section declares that it
" shall not apply to associations which are taxed
under and by virtue of the act to provide a na-
tional currency,"&c. Itappliesonly to the State
banks. We have now determined to blot out the
State banks and to convert them into national
banks. The amendmenuadopted this morning,
I presume, will foice all the State banks in the
count!y into the national system. My idea in
offet ing this amendment is simply to restrict the
circulation of the country. We authorize the
national banks when they are organized to issue
a circulation of ninety per cent, upon their capi-
tal. My opinion is that you will have too much
circulation.
