1284
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the whole amount
of circulation authorized?
Mr. HENDERSON. Three hundred million
dollars..
Mr. JOHNSON. Is that too much ?
Mr. HENDERSON. I think so. 1 will state
to the Senator that if I understand the matter
properly, a great many of the State banks that
have been converted into national banks have a
State bank circulation and a national bank circu-
lation also, both out to-day.
Mr. JOHNSON. What I wanted to suggest
to the honorable member was this: if he is right
in supposing that the State banks will go out of
existence, if they are all to become national banks,
then the entire circulation which the national banks
will be at liberty to issue will be $300,000,000.
Mr. HENDERSON. Let me suggest to the
Senator that the whole circulation of the State
banks and of the national banks to-tlay does not
exceed §250,000,000.,
Mr. SHERMAN. There is $136,000,000 of
State bank paper and $84,000,000 of national bank
circulation.
Mr. HENDERSON. Then there is buta little
over two hundred millions of both in circulation.
I believe the Comptroller of the Currency himself
believes that the banks with large capital ought to
be restricted in the amount of their circulation.
That is my opinion. I do not think that a bank
like the Bank of Commerce in New York ought
to be authorized to issue a circulation of ninety per
cent, of its capital stock; a bank with $10,000,000
of capital issuing $9,000,000 of circulating notes !
The Comptrollerof the Currency,as I understand,
recommended to the committee to restrict banks
of large circulation in the amount of their circu-
lating notes.
Mr. JOHNSON. And you effect that by tax-
ing the surplus?
Mr. HENDERSON. By taxing the surplus
over a certain amount, and the amendment only
taxes those banks which have a capital as large
as §300,000. There are but few country banks
that have a capital of that amount; and my under-
standing is that the Comptroller of the Currency
desires to have some limit put on the large banks
in the cities; and I believe he sent to the House
of Representatives a bill, which was introduced
there, limiting materially the circulation of these
banks. My proposition is that after the 1st day
of July of this year one eighth of one per cent,
each month, that is three per cent annually, shall
be levied on the average amount of circulation
issued by any bank in excess of eighty per cent,
of its capital; and then after the lstof July, 1866,
to levy one fourth of one per cent each month,
that is six per cent, annually, on the average
amountof circulation in excess of sixty percent,
of its capital.
Then the latter part of the section I offer strikes
out the first part of the proviso to section one hun-
dred and ten, so as to make the provision appli-
cable to all banks, the national banks and the
State banks.
1 have no idea that the amendment will be
adopted. I suppose my friend from Ohio will ob-
ject to it, and if so, he being chairman of the com-
mittee, it will go by the board. 1 desire only to
suggest now that inasmuch as we have gone into
this banking system heels over head, and deter-
mined to make everything a national bank, we
ought to limit in some way the circulation of the
banks we authorize. 1 ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas Id, hays as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. BucKalew, Carliie, (Jollainer, Davis,
t>onlittk>, F.mvelt, Foot, Henderson, Hendricks, Johnson,
fowcll, ami Wright—1^.
NA\ S — Messrs. Chandler, Clark, Conness, Cowan,
Dixon, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Harlan, [Iarris, tiowe, Jjane
ol'Indiana, L:uie of Kansas, Morgan, Morrill, Nye, Ramsey,
Sherman, Spiague, Stewart, Sumner, Ten Kyek, Trum-
bull, VV.nle, anil Wilson—'3o.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Harding, Howard,
McDonizali, Xesmitli, X'omeioy, Richaidson, IliddIe,Hanls-
bury, Van Winkle, Wilkinson, and Willey—13.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. IIOWE. X want to offer two or three
amendments, one of which is not strictly in order
now. 1 propose to insert at the end of the seven
hundred and thirty-sixth line, on page 31, these
words: " by inserting the word   net' before the
words ' deposits of money,' and." This is an
amendment to a clause already adopted as an
amendment. If I were to propose to add these
words to the clause, the amendment would be in
order; but it would be a little better to have it come
in where I propose, and as I suppose the amend-
ment itself is not objected to, I presume there
will be no objection to entertaining it now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It may be en-
tertained by unanimous consent.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the Senator will let
the bill be reported to the Senate.
Mr. HOWE. I have been brooding over these
three amendments. The Senator understands the
effect of the one I now offer. It is simply to in-
sert the word "net" before "deposits" in th*3
one hundred and tenth section of the existinglaw.
M.c.SHERMAN. Yes, and I have been brood-
ing over it, and I cannot agree to the amendment.
I may as well state the difficulty. W hat are " net
deposits?" I haveinquired of two or three bank-
ers what they meant by " net deposits," since
the Senator suggested the matter to me. A de-
posit in a bank is a deposit. We know what net
profits are, but what are net deposits? It is a term
introduced in New York for the purpose of deduct-
ing a large portion, of their deposits, and if the
words " net deposits" are used it will be very
difficult to tell what are the deposits of a bank on
a particular day. I have conversed with two or
three intelligent bankers about it, and I am satis-
fied that the introduction of the word " net" be-
fore " deposits" would reduce the amount of the
tax very largely. I ask the Senator from Ver-
mont if he knows what net deposits are.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have made inquiry and I
do not know.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do notunderstand what
is meant by it. 1 suppose the Senator from Wis-
consin can define what he means.
Mr. JOHNSON. We can ascertain what the
average deposits of the year are, but I do notun-
derstand what net deposiis are.
Mr. HOWE. As soon as 1 find outhow many
Senators do not know what it means, I will try
and tell the Senate what I understand it to mean.
The bank returns in our metropolitan cities uni-
formly give a return of what they call their net
deposits; and 1 understand that those net depos-
its are ascertained by the settlement which takes
place at the clearing-house, and represent the sum
of money as distinguished from the checks which
are on deposit in the several banks during the day.
Oneman may have deposited in one bank §100,000,
he may then go into the street and make a pur-
chase for which he drawte a check for §50,000
against that deposit; his vendor deposits that
check in another bank, so that the gross depos-
its in the banks growing out of that deposit of
§100,000 would be $150,000. He may make
another purchase of §50,000 more and draw a
check for it, and that check maybe deposited, so
that really he has no money on deposit, there is
no money due to him in the bank, but there are
§100,000 deposited in two or three other banks.
Both the representative and the principal are
counted as gross deposits. The object of this
amendment is to have only the net deposits
counted, the deposits of money not checked
against. That is really what 1 understand it to be.
The reason why you tax ^deposits at all, I un-
derstand, is because it is a sum of money depos-
ited to the use of the bank holding it, though it
is subject to payment on demand. The law as-
sumes, what is known to be the fact, that it isan
advantage to the bank to hold that money, and
therefore you impose a tax upon it. But it is of
no suit of advantage to the bank after it is actu-
ally checked against; and whether it is checked
against or not you cannot tell until the settlement
has taken place at the clearing-house. I suppose
the only advantage of my amendment would be
in those cities where there ia a clearing-house es-
tablished. Evidently it is just, and I cannot see
the slightest danger in it. Bankers know what
it means; our metropolitan journals know what
it means; the Comptrollerof the Currencyknows
what it means; and they all agree, I believe, that
it is entirely just and proper. I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COWAN. I am rather inclined to think
I shopld favor the amendment of the Senator from
Wisconsin if there was any practicable way of
getting at it. I feel, I think, as sensibly as he
does, the absurdity of taxing both the principal
and the representative at the same time, because
the representative may be multiplied indefinitely;
but in the case of outstanding checks and money
on .deposit which may represent the same basis
or sum as a principal, 1 do not see how the net
result can be arrived at. There may be some
method by which it can be achieved, but 1 do not
know what it is. If i was satisfied or could un-
derstand how it could be arrived at, I might favor
the amendment, because 1 see the hardship of
taxing not only the thing itself, but that which
represents it in half a dozen places, perhaps, all
over town the same day.
Mr. HOWE. I can only say to the Senator
from Pennsylvania that this is ascertained every
morning when thestatementstake place;isknown
and is published. I hold in my hand the returns
of the banks in New York for the week ending
the 18th of February. It gives the net deposits
of the banks during that week.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony, Doolittle, Farwell, Foot,
Gumes, Hale, Han is, Hendricks, Howe, Morgan, Powell,
SpiaL'ue, Trumbull, Van Winkle, and Willey—15.
NAYtf—Messrs. Buekalew, Chandler. Clark, Collamer,
Conness,Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Foster, Harlan, Henderson,
Laneol Kansas, Morrill,Nye, Ramsey,Sherman, Stewart,
Sumner, Ten Eyck, Wade, and Wilson—21.
ABSENT —Messrs. Brown, Carliie, Harding, Howard,
Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Mcboujrall, Nesmith, Pomeroy,
Iticliardson, Kiddie, Saulsbury, Wilkinson,and Wright—14.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HOWE. I now move to amend on the
3d page by inserting after the word " accounting"
in the forty-fifth line and by adding after the fiist
proviso in the same section the following:
Provided further, That no more shall he allowed to any
assessor for clerk hire than seventy cents for eacii hundred
names assessed in his district, and no more shall he allowed
to any assessor or assistant assessor for stationery than one
cent for each name assessed in their respective districts.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not know the propriety
of adopting that. Does the Senator mean that
there shall be but seventy cents allowed to an as-
sessor in a country district for assessing a hundred
names ?
Mr. HOWE. For clerk hitg, and one cent a
name for stationery.
Mr. SHERMAN. Has the Senator consulted
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue whether
it is sufficient? I should like to know the basis.
Mr. CONNESS. It may stop the whole assess-
ment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Senator from
Wisconsin if he has computed the matter or
relies on the statement of the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue?
Mr. HOWE. 1 have not been governed by
the estimates of the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. In point of fact, the purpose of the
amendment is to correct the estimates or to en-
deavor to correct them. I am satisfied he has
been very much mistaken in his estimates. I
have paid considerable attention to this subject.
That there is no danger thatthisamendment will
limit the allowances for clerk hire too closely I
think is manifest by one statement which I will
make to you, that, although it will save §50,000
in the expenditures for clerk hire in the aggre-
gate, it will increase the allowances in more than
half the districts in the United States. It will
increase the allowances made in ninety-five dis-
tricts to the amount of §20,870, but it will de-
crease the allowances made in seventy-eight dis-
tricts §78,620.
Mr. CONNESS. And that is its very danger.
Mr. HOWE. That, [ am told, is its very dan-
ger. That i think is its essential grace. There
can be no possible occasion for any such differ-
ence; and gentlemen who have investigated the
matter, who are most familiar with the character
of the work and the amount of work to be done
in the offices of the assessors, say that the num-
ber of names to be assessed in a district does fur-
nish the best possible test of the amount of cleri-
cal labor required. I havea schedule heregiving
the present clerk hire and the number of names
assessed in each district in the United States and
the allowances for stationery in each district of
the United States. Jf you look at the discrepan-
cies it will be manifest to every one that soma
correction is absolutely demanded. I am not
£omg{o read this table atlength, buttogive some
figures from it. in the third Massachusetts dis-
