THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
■shelter to the men to whom they are bound to ren-
der it by the laws of war, by the laws of civil-
ization, and by the laws of Christianity. How
■shall we compel them to do it ? Retaliation is the
only instrumentality offered to you. But what
kind of retaliation? Not "in kind," says the
■Senator from Massachusetts. What then? We
•are compelled to tell these authorities, "If you do
;Jlot feed our men we will do something, not to
< you, because you are not within ourreach, butto
1; these men of yours who are in ourreach." Now,
what do we do? Take out a given number of
'them and shoot them, in order to compel them
tp feed our men to-morrow ? No; thatwouldnot
"lie retaliation in kind. It would be retaliation;
'riot retaliation in kind, butit would be barbarous,
"infinitely more barbarous than to tell them, " If
'you do not feed our prisoners to-morrow we will
;notfeed your prisoners to-morrow." That is re-
taliation in kind; but it is the mildest, the most
legitimate form of retaliation that my mind can
conceive of, and I have heard nothing else pointed
out. You have no means in the world of coer-
cing these authorities to do what duty requires of
them, excepting the power you have over these
prisoners in your hands. How will you apply
that power? If you want shelter for your pris-
oners, withhold shelter from theirs. You may
withhold food,you may withhold clothing, with-
hold anythingelse. You cannotapply any phys-
ical punishment to them, because that is more
inhuman.
Sir, instead of this proposition being so mon-
strous and barbarous as it has been constantly de-
nounced, if you will take it right before your eyes
and look at it, it is nothing in the world more than
equitable process,of sequestration to enforce the
' specific performance of a duty, a most equitable,
and a most Christian duty. I have said, therefore,
that I do not feel condemned under the testimony
of Mr. Edward Everett, nor under the testimony
t of Professor Lieber. 1 have shown you abun-
dantly that Mr. Everett was not testifying for our
instruction, and I have shown you abundantly
that Professor Lieber did not understand the meas-
ure which we have before the Senate. But the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts was not content with
arraying these witnesses against us, he put Mr.
Shakspeare on the stand—Shakspeare, who was
" both jurist and poet," we are told. I cannot
deny that he was a pdet of very respectable pre-
tensions. He might have been a lawyer. How-
ever that may have been, I did not profess to be
as well read in Mr. Shakspeare as the Senator
from Massachusetts undoubtedly is, but accord-
ing to my understanding of him, I have read the
tragedy of Macbeth, and I never supposed that
really it was the intention of the great dramatist
, to produce Mr. Macbeth in the character of an
illustrator and delineator of humanity or of an ex-
pounder of international law. [Laughter.]
Sir, there are two or three otherquostions about
this whole matter. You all agree that there is a
crime in daily perpetration heie on this continent
and within our jurisdiction, a crime the magni-
tude of which blanches all of you, and you ail
agree that that crime ought to be stopped. Now
tell me how you would do it. Seeing the num-
bers of our men and the sufferings of our men
there, I proposed a year ago, as I could not get
our men exchanged, to make a levy en masse of
the American people to go down there and take
them out of custody. That was considered a
radical measure, and it was dismissed. There
.they are still.
Gentlemen tell us, "Exchange for them." We
• are trying to exchange, and have been trying, but
we cannot exchange, because it takes two parties
to make an exchange, and, as 1 showed you the
other day, the other party will not agree to it. As
fast as they do agree we do exchange.
The Senator from Massachusetts who sits at my
left [Mr. Wilson] says " Negotiate." Without
this resolution you send commissioners to the
rebel authorities, and what in the world can they
say? " Release our prisoners." "No.wecan-
' not do it." "Peed our prisoners." "No, we
will not do it." What else can they ask? Ne-
gotiate? What have they got to offer? Will
• these commissioners say, "If you will feed and
.clothe our prisoners, if you will shelter them, we
will shelter and feed and clothe your prisoners."
They say, " You do that now, and you dare not
do the contrary from that; your Senate forbids it;
your Legislature forbids it." What will you do ?
What can the commissioners say ? But pass this
resolution and then you can negotiate with effect;
then your agents of exchange will know what to
say. Then that brave, that gallant, that heroic,
and that Christian man, as 1 understand him to
be, John E. Mulford, can say to these authori-
ties, " I am told by the Governmentof the Amer-
ican people to tell you, in the name and by the
authority of those millions, that if you do not
cease your barbarities, if you do not feed these
men that you are now starving, and shelter them,
the command has gone forth that your men in our
hands shall not be fed, and shall not be shel-
tered." That isinhuman, is it? Well,theonly
theory upon which any sort of inhumanity can
be made out is that the rebels will not consent to
this, that they will not consent for the sake of
having their prisoners fed to feed ours.
Senators have told you over and over again that
they deny this conclusion; that it is not the fact;
that it is not the legitimate inference; that if
humanity does not compel them to do their duty
toward our prisoners, policy will compel when
they see that it is necessary to the feeding of their
own. I believe it; but I am willing to follow this
process of sequestration to the end of it, and I
will speak, for a moment, upon the assumption
that they will refuse, as Senators assume they
will.
Suppose when your agent of exchange goes
down there and tells them, " This is the law; you
must give bread to our prisoners or bread is taken
from yours; "and they tell you, "Take your bread
from our prisoners; we care not for that; we will
not give bread to yours;" what then ? You must
violate the resolution or you mustwithhold these
supplies; but you say it is cruel and inhuman to
withhold supplies. There is no other course for
you to take. Go back to those estranged, rebel-
lious citizens of yours and say to them, " Guilty
of treason as you are, you have been in our hands
for months and we have sheltered you; we have
fed you; rebels to our authority, traitors as you
are, we have furnished you the treatment which
belongs to humanity; we are willing to do it; but
men who resist your treason have been taken pris-
oners by those authorities tlmt have commanded
you; they are not sheltered; they are not fed; we
have visited those authorities, and we have told
them that they must administer this comfort, that
if they did not we would visit you with like treat-
ment,and they absolutely refuse; they say, ' We
do notcare what treatment you bestow upon our
men in yourhands, we will not feed or shelter the
Federal soldiery.' "
Now, sir, you will say to these prisoners, "Are
you willing to be longer instruments in the hands
of authorities who practice such barbarities not
only toward their enemies but toward their own
soldiery; are you willing to be longer the agents
and instruments of an authority that will tuin you
out to be treated as they treat our prisoners?"
What will they say? I think they would say,
"No; we have followed the standards of rebel-
lion long enough; we have followed the flag of
barbarism as far as we can afford to go, and hence-
forth we will follow the flag of humanity, the flag
of loyalty, the flag of the Union."
But suppose they would not say that; suppose
we are utterly mistaken both as to what the rebel
authorities would do,and what the rebel prisoners
would do; and suppose they should say, "We
are still loyal to this barbarity which has raised its
shocking and monstrous head down there; we
know they mete out starvation to your prisoners
daily; we are glad that they do it; we stand by
the authority which decrees that, and we will
fight their battles when we can get out of your
prisons; we are ready to do it, notwithstanding
its utter want of humanity." What will you say
to them, then? I am followingthe lessons of this
resolution, as I understand it; following them clear
to the end. What will you say to them, then?
There they are, avowing their advocacy of this
great monstrosity, taking part in it, committing
themselves to it,and to all thecrueltyand savagery
there is in it. What will you say to them? I do
not know what you will say, I am sure; I have
some doubt aboutthat; but I have not the slightest
doubt as to what I should say myself. I should
say to them that they had incumbered the face of
the earth too long. I should say to them that if
I was more disembarrassed in my movements, I
would still allow them space to linger on and air
to breathe; but inasmuch as it took bread and
meat to feed them, and inasmuch as it took loyal
force to guard them, and inasmuch as I wanted
this loyal force to attack the rebel masses which
stand around our prisoners in their dens and starve
them daily, I would say to them, " We cannot
furnish you these guards any more, and you shall
not incumber the earth any longer."
To make myself perfectly intelligible, I have
supposed an extremity of barbarity in twoclasses
of men which I know cannot be found; but when
you find that extremity of barbarity, what will
you do but obey God and end it? If you find any
milder means of accomplishing this end, very-
well. We tell you over and over again that we
want to attain but a single end, not the punish-
ment of anybody for any thing that has been done,
but thereliefofhuman beings from suffering which
is inhuman. Show us any means milder than
this for attaining that end and we will take them
and follow them most gladly, but we say that if
we can accomplish it the end must be and shall bs
attained, and until you stop merely denouncing
barbarism, and turn your attention to some prac-
tical way of ending the barbarism, we must fol-
low the track, or rather,for I speak onlyfor my-
self, I must follow the only path which 1 see open
to that end.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. If the Senate will
pardon me for a very few moments, 1 will en-
deavor to direct the attention of the body to pre-
cisely the present position of the question. Some
thirty days ago or more the Senator from Min-
nesota [Mr. Wilkinson] introduced a resolution
on the subject of rebel barbarities perpetrated
against our prisoners, which resolution was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Some two or three weeks since I had the honor
to present a memorial from a portion of the peo-
ple of Indiana upon the same subjcct, asking for*
retaliation, and asking further that discharged
Union soldiers from rebel prisons should be placed
in the command of rebel prisoners in the North.
At that point the Senator fiom Ohio [Mr. Wade]
introduced these resolutions which have been de-
bated for the lasttwo weeks. The memorial and
the resolutions were referred to the Military Com-
mittee, and they reported after mature delibera-
tion and after an investigation upon the whole
subject. When that leport was made, various
modifications and amendments were proposed,
and after a lengthy discussion one of the dis-
tinguished Senators from Massachusetts [Mr.
Sumner] proposed an amendment by way of
substitute for the whole report of the committee,
which recited these rebel barbarities and atroci-
ties, and wound up with ageneral declaration that
it would outrage Christian public sentiment and
Christian civilization to do anything. That is
precisely the tenor arid scope of the amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts. Recognizing
the great evil inflicted upon our prisoners, and re-
citing in the mosteloquent terms their barbarities,
it wound up with a lame conclusion that our hands
were tied, we could do nothing without outraging
civilization, Christianity, and our common hu-
manity. That is precisely as I understand the
tenor and effect of the resolutions of the Senator
from Massachusetts.
The Senator from Missouri [Mr. Henderson]
then introduced his proposition for the appoint-
ment of commissaries of prisoners or commis-
sioners of prisons to visit the rebel States and
make arrangements in reference to ameliorating
the condition of our prisoners, and to facilitate
exchanges. Thatpropositionis substantially re-
peated by the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson.]
Now, how do we stand? The resolution as re-
ported by the committee was retaliation in kind
until these rebel barbarities shall cease. I prefer
that, to-day, to any other mode of redress. Why
do we retaliate at all? Because it is necessary to
protect our own prisoners. Where, then, is the
limit to retaliation? Simply the relief of ourpris-
oners; and if we stop short of that we are plsy-
ingamere child's play, idleand nonsensical. We
have no right to retaliate except to accomplish a
good end, and that end is to relieve our prisoners.
If we stop short of that, the whole thing is a
mockery, a delusion, and a humbug, and I will
notstop short of thatpointto whatsoever extreme
it shall carry me. I am for retaliation earnestly
