1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1285
trict forty-five thousand names are assessed and
they are allowed $3,800 for clerk hire. In the
fourth district of New York and the thirty-second
district of New York there are twenty-four thou-
sand names assessed in each, but little more than
halfas many as in the third Massachusetts,.and
they are allowed §5,000 each for clerk hire. In
the eighth New York district twenty-one thou-
sand names are assessed and $4,200 are allowed
for clurk hire. In the third New Jersey,twenty-
one thousand, precisely the same number of
names, are assessed, and $1,000 is allowed for
clerk hire, less than a quarter as much. In the
third Pennsylvania and second Pennsylvania
nineteen thousand names are assessed in each
district, and $4,000 is allowed to each assessor
for clerk hire.
The chairman of the Finance Committee, who
called on me for this explanation, now begs me
to stop, and as I only took the floor to indulge
him I will surrender it to indulge him. I am
bound to indulge him.
Mr. SHERMAN. I was only suggesting to
the Senator that this is probably the last day for
this bill and I do not want it blocked up.
Mr. HOWE. I only want to give one or two
more figures. I have just given you two districts
assessing n inetecn thousand names each and where
$4,000 is allowed for clerk hire. The District of
Columbia assesses the same number of names,
and there is allowed $800 for clerk hire.
The inequalities in the allowances for stationery
are just as remarkable, perhaps more so. There
is not only an immense difference made in the
allowances to districts having the same amount
of work to do but there is an enormous difference
made in the same districts for different years.
For instance, my eye just lights here on the first
Illinois. The first year up to the 30th of June,
1863, before tjiey had learned how to do things,
they only required §183 19 for stationery. The
next year there was required and paid $926 11,
and the same district had the same work.
These allowances for stationery run from the
twenty-eighth New York district, which assesses
seventeen thousand names and was allowed sixty-
nine dollars for stationery last year, to the second
Pennsylvania, nineteen thousand names assessed,
only two thousand more, and they were allowed
for stationery $2,181 77.
Mr, SHERMAN. But $ word in regard to
this amendment. It is so material thatl am afraid
to adopt it. I want to say a word to my friend
from Massachusetts and to my friend from Wis-
consin. We have changed the whole mods of
making allowances for stationery and c.lerk hire
by this bill. Let us try its operation. Those
accounts are hereafter to go to a different class of
officers. I hope we may have a vote on this
amendment without further debate.
Mr. WILSON. I do not understand this propo-
sition. There is a great mistake about this matter.
Mr. HOWE. Let the amendment be returned
to me.
Mr. WILSON. I have prepared an amend-
ment on the same piinciple, but making certain
allowances, especially /or the Pacific coast, and I
will read it:
That the general rate of allowance for c-Jcrk hire to as-
sessors of internal revenue, except the assessors in Cali-
fornia, Oregon, Nev-ada, and the Territories, shall not ex-
ceed the rate ot' seven dollars per one Hundred persons
assessed upon the monthly and annual lists as aforesaid,
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1865, and each fiscal
year thereafter; and tn consequence of the increased cost
of living and the additional labot required in large cities
and towns, there shall be allowed, in addition to the above
rates, as follows: to assessors whose offices are in cities
wliieh, by the census of 1860, contain a population of not
Jess than one hundred thousand, $1,500 ; to each assessor
whose office is in a city of not less than fifty thousand in-
habitants, $1,200; to each assessor whose office is in a
city of not less than twenty-five Uiousand, §800; to each
assessoi whose office is m a city of not less than twelve
thousand inhabitants, $500; to each assessor in a town of
less than twelve thousand inhabitants, whose lists contain
tbenames of fifteen thousand persons or upward, $100, and
the same rate for any portion of time served Jess than one
year. And the assessors in California, Oregon, Nevada,
and the Territories, shall be allowed double the above-
named rates.
Jf the number of persons assessed be fifteen
thousand, at seventy dollarsa thousand, it is very
easy to calculate what it would be, $1,050 for
clerk hire, an addition of $100 would make
$1,150. Then take a district where there were
twenty thousand names, and that is as large as
they will average in New York, it would be
$1,400 for clerk hire, where they now get $5,000.
A district of twenty thousand names, at seventy
(dollars a thousand, would be $1,400, and $1,500
added would make $2,900, which would be a re-
duction of $1,100, and that is as much as they
ought to have. On the basis of this proposition
one hundred and sixteen offices would be increased
and about seventy diminished—some a small
amount and some a large amount. They would
be equalized by it, and the aggregate cost would
be about four thousand dollars more than it is
now. But the proposition of the Senator from
Wisconsin shuts up every one of the large offices,
for they could not get along in any large city un-
der it.
Mr. CONNESS. What the honorable Senator
has just stated shows the danger of this class of
amendments. We are all, I presume, equally
anxious to diminish the expenses of collecting
the revenue. As far as locality is concerned,
with which I have no feeling, I could make no
objection (if the amendment of the honorable Sen-
ator were right in the nature of it) to the provis-
ion he proposes to apply to our country; but
that is not the question; that is not what I am at.
I am afraid of these arbitrary rules that are pro-
posed for governing what must vary to a very
remarkable extent according to the place, circum-
stances, and other conditions that we cannot be
always aware of here. I have a very extensive
statement here which I cannot trouble the Senate
with, but I will read from it upon one point. It
has been made since the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts made a speech the other evening,
and if the statement made by the Senator was true,
this is certainly very false and incorrect, and vice
versa.
Mr. WILSON. I want to get that statement.
I have heard about it. I should like to know
what it is.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator cannot have
heard of this, for I have not named it to anybody.
I will read one item; it is in regard to the sta-
tionery for the thirty-second district in New York,
the allowance being as stated by the Senator,
$3,070 for stationery for one year.
Mr. WILSON. For twenty-two months.
Mr. CONNESS. Then certainly the statement
of the Senator does not show a very remarkable
state of things, considering that that is one of the
wealthiest distripts that we have in the country.
Again, much of that stationery, I am told, has
been distributed from that office to the offices of
other assessors. If that be the case, it materially
reduces even the statement the Senator meule.
The Senator will understand 
Mr. WILSON. I happen to have a few docu-
ments about that. The statement I made is ab-
solutely correct.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator will understand
me that my purpose is not to make an issue with
him,
Mr. WILSON. I understand the Senator. I
know he would not do that.
Mr. CONNESS. I only wish to call attention
to the danger of these arbitrary conditions that
we are proposing to affix here, applicable to other
conditions that we cannot possibly understand,
particularly,as suggested by the chairman of the
committee, since we have made other corrections
which will undoubtedly check any irregularities
that may have occurred. I regard it as a very
dangerous procedure to attach this amendment
now.
Mr. WILSON. I will simply say that at the
present time, and with this pressure upon us, I
have no desire to take up time. I made a few
remarks the other evening on the subject. I had
prepared myself for a two or three hours'speech
of statistics, and 1 can stand here ten hours and
detail facts and never make a mistake as to the
facts, because they are founded on official rec-
ords. I made a few statements. I made an
allusion, to that thirty-second New York dis-
trict 
Mr. GRIMES. I want to know if the diffi-
culty is in a defective law or a defective execu-
tion of it.
Mr. WILSON. In a defective law primarily,
and in a faulty execution. In the first place, the
law was based on no principle. The whole mat-
ter should be equalized and properly regulated.
As it stands now the man who is most persever-
ing in urging an increase gets it.
But I will not detain-the Senate further. The
other evening I quoted a few facts here, and I
soon heard that my speech was sent for to the
Globe office, that the reporter's notes were hunted
after, and a great parade was made of some mis-
take that i t was alleged I had made in regard to one
particular district, no other fact stated by me being
attacked. I am right about that district; I have
seen the official accounts.
Mr. CONNESS. It was not unnatural to look
to the Globe after the Senator had spoken.
Mr. WILSON. I have restrained myself from
presenting facts in regard to this office which I
have in my possession, because to present them
would do no good. 1 merely stated enough to
show that we ought to do something, that in"the
first place we ought to correct the law; but more
than all and above all put the office into the hands
of men qualified to administer it so as to protect
the great interests of the country.
Mr. HOWE. I must say another word. Iam
not going to take much time of the Senate. It is
a little embarrassing and a little discouraging to
see a Legislature, conscious ofdefectsand wrongs,
and so persistently reluctant to make an effort to
correct them. I indulge in no declamation either
about the character of the present internal revenue
law or of the administration of that law. I am
bound to say that in my judgment the adminis-
tration is a great deal more honest than the law
itself, so far as I know about it; and I do not
mean to be flattering to the administration of the
law at all when 1 make that remark. There are
two or three features in that law that Kcannot
think of without a shudder. The Finance Com-
mittee, as a body, know of them perfectly well
to-day, and did know of them perfectly weli dur-
ing all the last session.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator now says that
the Committee on Finance, of which he is a mem-
ber, as a committee know of something outra-
geous in the law, and they have failed to correct it.
I do not want to Lie led off into an argumentabout
this matter, but such a declaration made by a
member of the committee is certainly a very start-
ling one. If I knew anything wrong in the law,
certainly I should be willing to correct it, as one
member of the committee. I had but very little
hand in framing this law, but I should be willing
to correct any defects found in it.
Mr. HOWE. I want to test the Senator's dis-
position on one single proposition which is pend-
ing. During the last session an effort was made
to get rid of more than one exchequer, to get rid
of more than one Treasurer, to direct the pay-
ment of the immense sum that is collected from
the internal revenue into that very Treasury
where your law has thought it absolutely essen-
tial your duties should be paid for twenty years,
and where they have been paid. The amend-
ment was adopted here in the Senate, but was
abandoned in a committee of conference at once.
Mr. CLARK. That was not the Finance Com-
mittee.
Mr. HOWE. That was not the Finance Com-
mittee.
Mr. SHERMAN. We adopted the amend-
ment this session.
Mr. HOWE. I am aware that after a year's
further experience the same amendment has been
voted upon favorably in the Senate. Here is,
however, a proposition to restrict the expendi-
tures for clerk hire—one single abuse. The Sen-
ator from Ohio says that he is willing to correct
these errors when they are presented to his at-
tention.
Mr. SHERMAN. We have corrected thnt
error by transferring the whole of these matters
to another officer.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, we did that very
thing last winter. Your law was made as ex-
plicit as it needed to be, soexplicit that no mem-
ber of Congress, I think, misunderstood it, no
member of either of the committees misunderstood
it, and none of the officers of the Treasury De-
partment misunderstood it, as I am informed, ijntil
within the last sixty days.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I ask the Senator
how the Committee on Finance is responsible?
They adopted it last year and they adopted it
again at this session.
Mr. HOWE. I do notcharge thatfaulton the
Committee on Finance. But even with that
amendment the abuse is not entirely corrected.
