1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
and honestly, and no sham; and I am for retali-
ation until the object shall be accomplished.
I have, Mr. President, but one brother, whom
I love as 1 love myscllj if ho were a rebel in arms
to-day against this Government, I would take him
ill my arms, as Abraham did Isaac, and offer him
upon the altar of the country, and ask Almighty
God to bless the sactifice. I have none of this
squeamishness, none of this smypathy for these
lebel prisoners; 1 would retaliate up to the point
of achieving the object we have in view.
I set out not to argue this resolution but to
show you now that them is nothing to refer to
the Military Committee. My distinguished col-
league from Indiana [Mr. Hendricks] says it is
highly appropriate and proper that all such ques-
tions should go to a committee. The distin-
guished Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sum-
ner] says that these committees of the House are
eyes and ears to the House. Is this measure sud-
denly thrust upon theattention of the Senate? It
has already been before a committee for more
than one month, and it comes here upon the re-
port of a committee. That report has been mod-
ified by the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wade] until
it meets the approbation, 1 venture to say, of every
single Senator upon this floor; and yet we are
asked to refer it and to delay further. Is there
■i Senator upon this floor who does not believe
in the right of retaliation? Is there a Senator
upon this floor who doubts the rebel barbarities
against our prisoners? Then if you believe in
retaliation at all, you say the limit is the usages
of civilized nations and the laws of war. That
is precisely the language of the present resolu-
tion, that the President shall be directed to retal-
iate upon these rebel prisoners according to the
laws of nations and the usages of war. That is
precisely the resolution as it now stands. Then
what do you gain by a reference to acommittee?
Different phraseology ! If you intend todoany-
thing, if you believe in the right of retaliation at
all, how else can you retaliate? You say you
would not retaliate in kind. I would. But sup-
pose you would not; the resolution is now so
modified as to use precisely the words that you
wish to have incorporated m it, that we shall re-
taliate according to the laws of nations and the
usages of civilized warfare. That is the resolu-
tion as now modified. Then what are you de-
bating? Has it come to this, that there is a grave
debate in the Senate as to whether we have aright
to say that we will retaliate according to the laws
of nations and the usages of civilized warfare?
That is the whole of it. Are you ready to vote
upon that ? Your prisoners aie dying by thou-
sands daily in southern prisons, without shelter,
without food, without clothing, lying upon the
bare ground with the inhospitable sky above
them, and with their dying fingers are digging
their own graves, hundteds becoming insane, so
reduced that they are joining the enemy, taking
the oath of allegiance' to the rebel government,
rather than undergo the pangs of starvation; and
we are hero debating whether we have a right to
retaliate according to the laws of civilized war-
faie, and that is the whole of it; and who doubts
that? If there is a man who doubts it, while I
might respect his motives, I should certainly not
sympathize with his action.
I am ready to retaliate. I believe the people
require it. I believe the soldiers in the fieid re-
quire it. But gentlemen say to retaliate is barba-
rous and would shock the civilized world a high-
sounding phrase, meaning less than nothing in
tins great argument. Suppose you present the
other side of it. "VVe do not propose to retaliate
as a matter of revenge or of vengeance for past
wrongs, but to prevent these very atrocities that
all admit. Suppose it should be flashed over the
wires, suppose it should be carried over the ocean,
that this great people having called a million
men into the field, when they were staiving and
eulFering in southern prisons, lefused to defend
and protect their own soldiers by the only means
possible by which they can be protected, you
would he a by-word and a reproach forever in
the history of civilization. We do not do this
from any purpose of vengeance, but to protectour
own soldiers from these rebel baibarities. Yet
frcntlemen say the civilized world is to be shocked.
What is the civilized world ? What is the Chris-
tian public sentiment of Gin istendom to-day ? Do
they sympathize with you now? Let England
and France teil the story. "With the exception of
the German States and Russia, there is no Chris-
tian public sentiment that sympathizes with us.
Would England be shocked at such a course as
this of retaliation? If so, read the bloody history
of the Irish rebellion, or the bloody history of the
Sepoy rebellion in India, where fifty Sepoy pris-
oners were tied at the mouths of British cannon
and blown to destruction; yet they are to be
shocked because we resort to this system of re-
taliation ! The truth is, the laws of nations have
nothing to do with our punishment of these trai-
torous, insurgent, rebel citizens. It is for us and
us alone to measure out the meed of their punish-
ment, past, present, or to come. We are sover-
eign of all Powers upon earth as to them, and
we arc to adopt our own punishment; and even
if it should be unheard of and terrible for this
terrible and unheard-of iniquity, no other nation
could object.
Then why refer this resolution? The commit-
tee had it two months, and we have debated it two
weeks. We have come now to a common con-
clusion; for I venture to say that when the vote
is taken by yeas and nays upon the resolution as
now modified not one member of this Senate will
recoid his vote against it.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Sumner] says that committees of
this body are the eyes and the ears of the body;
and therefore, after passing a high eulogium upon
eyes and ears, he hopes this resolution, with the
amendments, will be recommitted. Well, sir,
eyes and ears are very important members of the
human body. I admit theyare important; but
when men are dying by thousands and tens of
thousands, dying of staivation, and demanding
at our hands a measure of rediess, what is re-
quired of us is heads and hearts and hands to act
immediately, and not eyes and ears.
Mr. President, immediate action is what is de-
manded fioin us. 1 see no object in referring this
matter to any committee. I believe there is not
a member of this body whose mind is not made
up as to whether he will protect these helpless
piisoners now suffering and dying by thousands,
or whether he will not.
Yesteiday the other Senator from Massachu-
setts, not now in his seat, [Mr. Wilson,] called
me to account for a remark which I then made.
He said that 1 had threatened him. Sir, I did
no such thing. I stated a fact which he and every
other member of this body will find to be a fact,
and that was that this account was not to be set-
tled here upon this floor with his colleagues, but
with his constituents at home. I uttered no threat,
I made a simple statement of a fact. Every man
here must meet this question at home. He must
meet these returned soldiers and he must meet
the friends of those who have died of these rebel
barbarities. But again the Senator said:
"As I listened to-day to the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Wa5)k,] and thpti ngrun to the Senator from Michigan [Mr.
Chandler] 1 thought the old slave-masters had come back
again. I thought J witnessed all their Insolence and some-
thing more than their coarseness."
That is a mere matter of taste. It is a matter
which I do not propose to discuss, much less to
discuss it with the distinguished Senator from
Massachusetts, a gentleman who is as much a
master of deportment, as we ail know, as Mr. Tur-
veydrop; a man who, m matters of taste, beauty
of expression, finish of argument, refinement of
language, cannot be approached. He is unap-
proachable. Therefore, sir, 1 pass that by as a
mere matter of taste with which 1 have nothing
But, sir, the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Hen-
dricks] has called me to task for pretty much the
same thing. I can only repeat, with regard to
the alleged threat, that it was no threat, but a
simple statement of fact. The Senator from In-
diana objects to another statement that I made,
which was that these rebels were " hellish," or
something to that effect On reflection 1 think 1
have done an injustice, and no man is more ready
to apologize for an injustice done than I am; but
when 1 apologize for that remark it will not be to
the rebels, but to the inhabitants of lull. I do
not believe that any barbarities equal to thens
have ever been perpetrated by any people on earth,
nor do I believe that the inhabitants of any region
that we read of in sacred or profane history could
be found to be guilty of the barbarities that have,
been perpetrated by these rebels.
The Senator says the time will come when I
shall regret that 1 have used this strong language
relative to these rebels. Sir, when those men who
have instigated these barbarities come back and.
associate with us, meet us in the social circle and
in the halls of legislation, meet us on friendly
terms of intercourse, then the Senator says that
I shall regret that I have used this s.trorig lan-
guage. Sir, when the originators of these bar-
barities come back upon this floor and associate
with us upon termsof equality, that Senator may
take them to his bosom, but he will not find anjr
loyal man who will greet them as living men.
These men are to be punished for their crimes;
they are to be punished for their barbarities; they
are to be punished as traitors and murderers, and
not welcomed back into the social circle or legis-
lative halls by any loyal man who now stands
by this Government, in my estimation. I cer-
tainly shall never regret that I have done them
justice at this or at any other time.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, it is not
my intention to enter into this discussion; it has
not been my intention at any time since its com-
mencement to do so, and I do not propose to de-
tain the Senate for more than a moment. I un-
derstand, however, that upon the motion to refer
to the Military Committee the yeas and nays have
been ordered, and we have been notified that in
case that motion fails the yeas and nays are to be
called upon the final passage of the joint resolu-
tion. I have not engaged in the discussion, be-
cause 1 have no taste for its sickening details. If
one half is true that is alleged by the Federal
authorities against the confederate authorities in^
reference to their cruelties to prisoners, or if half
is true of what is alleged by the confederate au-
thorities against the Federal authorities, as we read
in extracts from their newspapers, then it is vain
either for them or for us to boast of Christianity
or freedom from barbarism. If these statements .
be true, then since the dawn of civilization thero
lias never existed upon the face of the earth a
people moie barbaious and unchristian than the
people of America, both North and South.
I admit that it is in the power of this Govern-
ment or any other Government, any belligerent
Power whatever, to resort to retaliation. The
question with me, however, is whether this meas-
ure as proposed, advising the President of the
United States to resort to it now, would lead to
any practical good. I doubt it.
The question has been discussed in every pos-
sible form in which it could be presented except
one; every suggestion possible to be made but
one for the relief of the suffering Federal prison-
ers has been made. That one 1 propose to make;
and whether it be popular or unpopular, whether
it shall be heralded by the papers as patriotic or
unpatriotic, is a matter of indifference to me.
That measure is peace. If these acts of cruelty
which are alleged to have been perpetrated have
been perpetrated, it is only additional proof that
this war ought never to have been begun; but
having been begun, that it ought instantly to stop.
If these allegations be true, these enormities dis-
grace man and reduce him to the level of the brute;
ay, sir, reduce him to the level of the fiends,
I am not ashamed to raise my humble voice in
the Senate of the United States in behalf of peace.
Peace descends from heaven; war springs from
hell; and when hell's agency is at work, you
cannot expect the blessings of Heaven. It is sel-
dom, sir, that I can appiove of any act of the
President of the United States; but if the rumor
be true which is current to-day that commission-
ers are on their way from the South to this cap-
ital to treat for peace, and that that is the result
of an informal message from the President of the
United States, I will take occasion here, while
approving but little that he has done before, to ap-
prove his action in that respect. Sooner than re-
sort to the bloody scenes which may resultfrom
a system of retaliation, if it be true that commis-
sioners are to meet to discuss the terms of peace,
( instead of invoking starvation and death upon
i any set of men, any set of prisoners, either Fed-
! era! or confederate, I would, if it were in my
' power, cause the thunderbolts of the Almighty
I to roll and the lightnings of heaven to flash one
