1286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
This is a fatal mistake. You have voted here
that $1,500, or $3,000 or $3,000 must be allowed
to the assessor who lives in a city more than is
allowed to one who lives in the country. That
is wrong. There is no reason in if; there is no
justice in it; and I prove it to you by these very
tables. Here is the District of Columbia, which
is all city nearly, and they are allowed but $800
for clerk hire; and they do the work. There is
the first district in Wisconsin, the assessor of
which lives in acity of fifty thousand inhabitants,
and they are allowed only $800 for clerk hire
there. You see that clerk hiiecan be furnished,
and is furnished for that sum, and so far as 1
Jcnow these assessors are peifectly content with
lha amount allowed them. I have never heard
of any extra allowance in the first district of W is-
consin, if any has been made H has not been
brought to my nouce. The woik is done there;
ji is done for that money; and what is done there
can be done elsewhere, and just as cheap else-
where.
I want to tell the Senate one thing, and I will
conclude with that lemaik. Either you must
bring these heavy allowances down to what your
ttinety-cight distncts are doing the work for, or
those ninety-eight districts, just as certain as lime
las'.s, will go up to what the seventy-five are
doing the work for. They are not going to be
content to wotic for thirty-three percent, of what
js allowed to the same class of officers elsewhere;
nml when you get them ail up to the maximum
lhat will not be the happiest time to effect a re-
form. i wish the Senate would adopt this amend-
ment. I have done my duty, however, in calling
their attention to it. ifyou will give me the yeas
and nays, and vote it down or up, I shall be
content.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
theehais.) Dees the Senator demand the yeas
and nays on this amendment?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir; 1 call for the yeasand
nays.
The yeas nnd nays were ordered.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the Senator by striking out all after the
woid u that" where it firsL occurs, and substi-
tuting :he amendment 1 send to the Chair, which
makes some allowance for the larger cities where
an allowance ought to be made.
Mr. GRUMES. Why should that be?
Mr. WILSON. Because it costs more.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 should like the Senator to
explain why it is moie expensive in a city where
the population is dense and easily accessible to
these clerks and these assessors? You can em-
ploy a man cheaper there than in Milwaukee or
Chicago.
Mr. WILSON. We make an allowance in
Chicago.
Mr. GRIMES. Well, any other town of ten
thousand inhabitants.
Mr. WILSON. But that is very different from
a place in the country.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
suggest to the Senator from Massachusetts that
bin amendment is in th<5 foirn of a separate and
indepcndentsection, and is notin conformity with
the body of the bill where it is proposed to be in-
serted. The amendment moved .by the Senator
from Wisconsin is a partial amendment to the
body of the bill at a certain point. It would make
it incongruous if the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts were adopted at that point.
Mr. WILSON, i do not desire to press It out
of place; nor would I press it at all but that I
want something that will equalize this matterand
correct ihcse abuses; but I know the proposition
pending is not a just one, and I cannot vote for
it. The proposition I have offered is based upon
the figures; and if I had time I could demonstrate
that it would equalize and make this matter right.
I will withdraw it; but I cannot vote for the
amendmentoffered by my friend from Wisconsin,
for I know that will not do justice.
Mr. GRiMES. Why not point it out ?
Mr. WILSON. I have not time to do it.
Mr, HOWE. I had the misfortune to be born
without the capacity of knowing a great many
things; and another misfortune befell me, per-
haps cjuite as great, that I had the capacity for
believing some things. [Laughter.] If I had
either had the faculty of knowing things, or of not
believing, it might have been a great deal better
for me. I can only say now,not to protract this
debate any longer, that I have no manner of be-
lief that this extra allowance is demanded for
clerks in cities because 1 know no reason for it
in the nature of things, I having been in cities
and country both; and because I show you the
tables here where the work is being done in your
cities without the extra allowance; and I look at
these facts as more conclusive evidence than any
theory 1 have heard yet, either in the revenue
office or here.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator fiom Wis-
consin.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 12, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS Messrs. OolUimer, Davis, Doolittlo, Grimes, Har-
lan. Ilonduek>, Howe, Lane of Indiana, Moirill, Powell,
llam-ey, and Ten Eyck-—12.
NAYS—Messrs Buclulew. Cathie, Clark, Conneas,
Dixon, Frii well, Foot, Foster, Harris, Henderson, Howard,
JoiniHin, Lane of Kansas, McJDougal), Morgan, N>e, Rid-
dle, She/man, Sp <u$ue, Stewart, Sumner, Trumbull, VVii-
iev. Wilson, and Wright—25
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Drown,Chandler, Cowan,
Hale, Harding, Nesmith, Pomeroy. Richardson, Sautebury,
Van Winkle, Wade, and Wilkinson—LI).
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MORGAN. There seems to be an amend-
ment necessary on the 24th page of the bill, line
five hundred and eighty-three. After the words
44 brass nails" I move to insert 44 or rivets.'* It
seems to be necessary, to put them in the same
category as theothers; and i therefore move that
amendment.
Mr. CONN ESS. Why not say 14 and rivets."
Mr. MORGAN. " Or rivets" is better.
Mr. CONNESS. There are brass nails and
rivets both.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
now, in accordance with the custom of the Senate
in such cases, put the question on concurring in
all the amendments made in Committee of the
Whole in the aggregate, except such as by indi-
cation of any member shall be reserved for a
separate vote.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to have a separate
vote upon the subject of taxing the savings banks.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will be
reserved for a separate vote.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire, also, a separate
vote on the fifth seciion; that is the bank tax.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will be
reserved.
Mr. POWELL. I desire a separate vote on
the section imposing a tax on sales.
Mr. SUMNER. And I desire one also on
the section relating to fishing bounties.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Theseamend-
ments will be reserved for a separate vote.
Mr. JOHNSON. I request a separate vote on
the amendment in relation to the exemption from
tax of teams transporting logs, ore,&c.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will be
reserved for a separate vote.
Mr. SPRAGUE, I desire a separate vote upon
the drawback on cotton goods exported.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will be
reserved for a separate vote. The question will
now be put on concurring in all the amendments
with the exception of those reserved.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to move an amend-
ment to the bill as amended in committee at the
proper time; and I wish to inquire of the Chair
whether it will be in order for me to move an
amendment to one of the amendments made in
committee after it has been concurred in in the
Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be too
late then. Any amendment that is reserved for
a separate vote will be open to amendment when
it is under consideration.
Mr. MORRILL. Then I should reserve the
amendments I desire to amend now. I wish to
reserve the amendment on page 29, line seven
hundred and three, imposing a tax of two and a
half per cent, upon gross receipts; and also the
amendments to section four, page 45. I desire
to offer an amendment to that section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Those amend-
ments will be reserved for separate action.
Mr. GRIMES. There was an amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Sumner] exempting foreign insurance companies
or agents from taxation; lhat I wish to have re-
served.
Mr. CHANDLER. I wish to reserve the
amendment on pftge 30, lines seven hundred and
seventeen to seven hundred and twenty-nine.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Those amend-
ments will be reserved; and the question now is
on concurring in all the amendments made in
Committee of the Whole, except such as have
been indicated for a separate and distinct vote.
The remainder of the amendments were con-
curred m.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ments that have been indicated for a separate vote
will now be considered in their order.
The first excepted amendment was on page 31,
after line seven hundred and thirty-five, to insert
the following:
That section one hundred and ten be amended by strik-
ing out after the words "and redemption thereof" the
words " not to any savings batik having no capital stock,
and whose business is confined to receiving d< jiObUs and
loaning the simeon interest lor the hem-fit of tlx* deposit-
ors only, and winch do no other harness ofbanking."
Mr. HALE. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire merely to have
a vote on this question. I shall not debate it.
Those who are in favor of the savings banks will
vote44 nay," and those who are in favor of taxing
them, 1 suppose, will vote 44 yea.'*
The question being taken by yeas, and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 20; as follows:
YE\S — Messrs. Brown, Chandler. Conness, Cowan,
Davis. Doolmle, Grimes, Harlan, II«irri , Henderson, Hen-
dricks, Howard, Lane ot Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Morgan,
NoMiuth, Powell, Ramsey, Sherman, Stewart, Ten Eyck,
and Trumbull—22.
NAYS—Messrs Anthony, Buckalew, Clark. Colinmer,
Dixon, Harwell, Foot, Foster, Hale, Johnson, McDougall,
Morrill,Nye, Riddle, Sprajfue, Sujtmur, Van Winkle, Wxl-
ley, Wilson,and Wright—20.
ABSENT—Messrs. Carhle, Hardin*, Howe, Tomeroy,
Richardson, SauL^buiy, Wade, and Wilkinson—8.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The next reserved amendment was on page 45,
in the fifth section, which was as follows:
Sec. 5. Jind be Ufwlkei emitted, That every national
banking association, State hank, oj- State banking associ-
ation, or broker bhail pny a tax of ten per cent, on the
amount ot notes of any State bank or State banking asso-
ciation paid out by them after the 1st day of Jauuaiy, 1803.
Mr. COLLAMER. The amendment reported
by the Committee on Finance was to strike out
that section.
Mr. SHERMAN. That failed, and that is the
end of it. There is no amendment to this sec-
tion reported from the Committee of the Whole
to the Senate, i have no objection, however, to
a vote being taken on the section, because any
Senator can move to strike it out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That being the
case, the mode of reaching it would be by offer-
ing the amendment anew.
Mr. COLLAMER. I move to strike it out.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is a little outof order at
present, but I am perfectly willing to consider it
now.
Mr. COLLAMER. We have arrived at this
portion of the bill, and we may as well take a
vote on the seciion.
The PRESiEHNGOFFICER. The Chair will
state that there was a slight modification made in
the section by adding the words 44 or broker"
after the word 44 association," and the question
is on concurring in that modification. It will be
concurred in if there be no objection. The Sen-
ator from Vermont now moves to amend the bill
by striking out this section.
Mr. HALE. Js that in order at this time?
Mr. COLLAMER. Nobody objects to it; the
question is before us; and we might as well con-
sider it now as at any time.
The PRESIDING" OFFICER. If there be n<?
objection the question will be taken on the amend-
ment now. The usual course is to offer amend-
ments after the amendments made as in Commit-
tee of the Whole have been acted upon.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope the amendments
made as in Committee of the Whole will first be
acted upon, because there was another spction
added on my motion which, in my view at least,
materially modifies this; and if that amendment
is adopted in the Senate it will make a difference
j in my vote.
I Mr. SHERMAN. Thatis not in this section.
