1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
,521
amendment is carried, that that latter clause will
have to be stricken out, as being inapplicable to
the resolution, and 1 shall make*that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maryland is entitled to the lioor.
Mr. JOHNSON. I was about to say that the
* criticism of the honorable Senator from West Vir-
ginia is perfectly correct,provided we are author-
izing any retaliation which the laws of nations or
the usages of war among civilized nations do not
forbid, because we go on to say thatalthough our
advice to him is thathe should only resorttosuch
retaliation as the laws of nations and the usages
of war do not forbid, yet he is to understand we do
not mean to limit him in that way; he maybe as
savage and as barbarous-as he thinks proper. 1
shall move at the proper time, therefore, to strike
out that latter clause.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on agreeing to the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts to theamendmentofthe Sen-
ator from Ohio, on which the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 13; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Oarlile. Cowan, Davis, Doolittle, Foot,
Foster, Harlan, Hams, Henderson, Hendricks, Johnson,
Lane of Indiana, HJcDouuali, Morgan, Nesnuth, Pomeroy,
Powell, Richardson, Riddle, SatiKhury, Sherman, Sumner,
Ten Evck, Van Winkle, VVilley, Wilson, and 27.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandlei, Clark, Uollamer, Conner,
Dixon, Farwcll, Hale, Howard,Howe,Ramsey,Truuibull,
Wade, and Wilkinson—13.
AJJSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Buckalexv,Grime?,
Harding, Hicks, Lane of Kansas, Moral!, and Sprague—9.
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 move further to amend
the resolution, in lines thirty-one, thirty-two, and
thirty-three, by striking out the words, " to limit
or restrict the power of the President to the modes
or principles of retaliation herein mentioned, but"
so that it will read, " Congress do, however, in-
tend by this resolution only to advise a resort to
them as demanded by the occasion."
Mr. WADE. I hope that amendment will not
be adopted, it will destroy the whole resolu-
tion. I hope we shall not take any further coun-
sel of our enemies.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope so, too.
Mr. JOHNSON. The honorable member is
very quick in favor of his own proposition. How
does he know 1 am opposed to that? I have told
him four or five times on the floor, and said to
himself, that I was not, as itnow stands. I have
not offered this amendment with any view to im-
pair its efficiency.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
will pardon the Chair for a moment, his amend-
ment is not now in order. The question befoie
the Senate now is on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade.] "When that shall
ho disposed of, it will be in order to entertain the
amendment of the Senator.
Mr. JOHNSON. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is oil agreeing to the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio, as amended.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Is it not competent to
amend that amendment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is; but the
words in the latter part of the resolution are not
a part of the pending amendment.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I understand that. I
move to amend the amendment by striking out
all after the woid " and" m the twenty-sixth line
down to the word " hereby" in the twenty-sev-
enth line, in the following words, " that the exec-
utive and military authorities of the United States
are," and to insert the words 41 he is," so that it
will rpad " and he is hereby directed to retali-
ate," &c. The effect will be to get rid of the
word " that," which has no business there any-
how, and to direct the President to retaliate in-
s stead of " executive and military authorities of
the United States."
The amendment to theamendment was agreed
to, there being, on a division—ayes twenty-three,
noes not counted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on agreeing to the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio, as amended.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 will simply suggest a ver-
bal amendment to the substitute, instead of the
words "in conformity with" the phrase "ac-
cording to," that being the phrase employed in
the statute of 1813. It reads better, and it is in <
conformity with the precedent. I merely suggest
it. There is no difference in the effect.
Mr. WADE. The Senator is not acting ac-
cording to the precedent he quotes. That law
directed the President to make " full and ample
retaliation." Those words are two strong for the
Senator's nerves altogether, and he has skipped
them over.
Mr. SUMNER. I propose to substitute " ac-
cording to" for " in conformity with" merely to
bring the language into conformity with the pre-
cedent, and to make it read a little smoother.
Mr. HALE. I should like to hear some phi-
lologist give us the difference in meaning between
the resolution if amended as the Senator proposes,
and as it now stands, i am not in favor of mak-
ing amendments unless there is something to be
effected by them. If it is a mere matter of rhetoric,
1 think it sounds as well now as it will if you al-
ter it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to theamendmentof the Senator from
Massachusetts to the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio.
Theamendmentto theamendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on agreeing to the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio as amended.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to inqui-re for in-
formation whether the last sentence, beginning
with the word " Congress," in the thirtieth line,
is now in the resolution?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not in the
amendment. When the amendment shall have
been disposed of thatclause will be open to amend-
ment.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move what I suppose
the Senator from Maryland had intended to move,
but his motion was not in order when he made
U, and indeed I think it would require that he
should go a little further than he proposed to go
in order to carry outhis own idea. 1 had intended
to move it originally, but it was not in order when
I made the other motion. It is to strike out all
after the word " soldiers" in the thirtieth line on
the 3d page, in these words:
Congress do not, however, intend by this resolution to
limit or restnet the power of the PiChident to themodes or
principles of retaliation herein mentioned, but only toad-
Yise resoitto Ukmij a-3 demanded by the occasion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair desires
to state that there is another amend ment pending
before the amendment of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts or the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Maryland will be in order. It is
theamendmentof the Senator fiorn Ohio, [Mr.
Wade,] to add the words "and require" in line
thirty-three, after the word "advise." That is
the amendment now pending.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, is it in order to move
that the Senate do now adjourn?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I make that motion.
Seveial Senators. Oh, no; let us dispose of
this subject.
The motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Ohio, to in-
sert the words " and requite "after the word " ad-
vise," in the thirty-third line.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
proposed by the Senator from Massachusetts is
now in order.
Mr. SUMNER. It is simply to strike out the
last passage, beginning with the word " Con-
gress:"
Congress do not, however, intend by this resolution to
limit or ie-.trict the power of the Pic-idunt to the modes or
principles of retaliation herein mentioned, &c.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before that motion is put,
I desire to submita motion, if it is in order, which
I think will better attain the object desired. I
think that last House ou^ht to bo retained, with
the exception of the words u to the modes or prin-
ciples of retaliation herein mentioned." ihose
words ought to he struck out,being inconsistent,
and then it would read:
Congress do not intend, however, hy this resolution to
limit or restrict the power of the Preside at, but only to ad-
vise and require a resort to retaliation as demanded by the
occasion.
Mr. SUMNER. That is right; I accept that
in lieu of the amendment I proposed.
Mr. HOWARD. There is no objection to
that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio proposes to amend the resolution by strik-
ing out, in line thirty-two, after the word " Pres-
ident," the words "to the modes or principles of
retaliation herein mentioned;" and in line thirty-
four, to strike out the word " them," and insert
the word " retaliation;" so that, as amended, the
clause will read:
Congress do not intend, however, by this resolution to
limit or restrict the power of the President,but only toad-
vibe and requiie a resort to retaliation as demanded by the
occasion.
Mr. WADE. I do not know how far that
amendment might change the principle of the
resolution. It uses the words 44 to limit or re-
strict the power of the President," but it does
not say to what modes. It does not restrict him
at all. I do not know that it hurts it, however,
and I shall not object to it.
Theamendment was agreed to.
Mr, HENDRICKS. I desire to offer the fol-
lowing amendment as an additional section:
And be it further resolved, That in the judgment of Con-
gress such mcasuics ought to be token as may be necessary
to bccuie the earliest exchange of prisoners at all times
duung the continuance of the war.
Mr. HOWARD. Itseems to me there isa very
plain distinction between the two things, the mere
treatment of our prisoners in the hands of the
enemy, and the exchange of them in the regular
pursuance of a cartel, i sec, therefore, no neces-
sity for burdening this simple resolution of retal-
iation with any recommendation whatever upon
the subject of exchange. Believing as I do that
the Executive of the United States and the mili-
tary authorities have been diligent and faithful in
their endeavors to bring about an exchange of
prisoners, I do not feel authorized upon this oc-
casion to insert in this resolution a censure of the
President and the military authorities by impli-
cation such as itseems to me would arise from
the use of such language. I therefore am opposed
to the amendment offered by the Senator fiom
Indiana. If it shall appear hereafter that the Gov-
ernment is derelict in regard to the exchange of
prisoners, that it is inattentive to our interests or
the interests of the prisoners, I will with pleasure
join the honorable Senator in resorting to meas-
ures which shall be effective*, but I do not sec the
propriety of incorporating this clause in this res-
olution, and therefore oppose it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I intended to offer, as I
said to the Senate a while ago, a substitute for the
entire resolution, this being a paitof it; but as
the resolution introduced by the Senator from
Michigan has been so amended as that I have no
objection to it, I offer this as an additional sec-
tion. It presents this simple question, whether
Senators are in favor of an exchange of our pris-
oners. I am not going into a discussion now as
to whether the Administration has done its duty
on this subject. This is no criticism upon the
Administration. The first resolution as now-
adopted by the Senate is mandatory. This is
but an expiession of the judgment of Congress
that that policy ought to be adopted which will
secure an early exchange of prisoners during the
continuance of the war.
For myself, I am not satisfied that justice has
been done to the soldiers on this subject of ex-
change. As I said the other day, a distinguished
member of the House of Representatives, of the
Senator's own political party, brought it as a
grave charge against the War Department that
these exchanges might have boon made months
ago, but that thousands of our soldiers had been
left to die because that duty was not done by the
War Department. The Senator from Ohio, at
the head of the committee on the conduct of the
war, who is presumed to be well informed on the
subject, in the debate the other day, said that he
could not understand why exchanges were not
made. I do not desire to say in this resolution,
that the Administration is in fault; but upon so
grave and important a question as this, one aOect-
ing so seriously the comfort of the soldiers and
the happmees of their friends at home, is it not
proper for Congress to express an opinion ? I
