1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1281
Mr. ANTHONY. It is not in this section;
but if we should adopt the section that I offered
by way of amendment, it would affect my vote
upon this question.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think there is any
objection to the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think we had better pur-
sue the usual form, go through with the amend-
ments made in Committee of the Whole first, and
then other amendments enn be offered.
Mr. COLLAMER. I think this is the usual
form. I understand, when we come toasubject-
rnatter in the bill, whatever action is to be had
upon it is had then. This is the subject-matter
that I desire to have action upon.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think there is any
use in consuming time about the order of busi-
ness. As the motion to strike out this section
failed in committee, there was nothing reported
back to the Senate, as a matter of course; and
consequently the bill is still open for a motion to
strike out; but that motion cannot be put until
after the amendments reported from the commit-
tee are acted upon, according to strict paihament-
ary law.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
rule on the subject except that of strict parlia-
mentary law; and the practice is to act on the
amendments made in Committee of the Whole
first, and then the bill is open to general propo-
sitions of amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think we might as well
take the question now.
Mr. COLLAMER. If Senators will indulge
me, I desire to have the vote taken on this sub-
ject now; I shall be compelled to leave the Cham-
ber presently. This question was raised and
settled in Committee of the Whole, and it was
decided that this section should not be stricken
out. I want to know whether that question is
not before us now; whether we shall concur in
that vote in committee?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No question
is presented upon that proposition except a sep-
arate motion is made—a motion to renew that
amendment. No modification was made in Com-
mittee of the Whole; the amendment was not
agreed to in Committee of the Whole; and it
leaves nothing for action except upon a separate
and independent motion to amend.
Mr. CLARK. Perhaps the Senate will allow
me to state what the Senator from Vermont does
not quite like to state; he does not expect to be
here this evening and he would like to have the
vote taken now.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no objection to
that, and I think we had better do it, as we have
now a fall Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That course
will bo pursued.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not wish to detain the Sen-
ate; but 1 will make a remark or two in relation to a
tax of ten per cent, on the issues of State banks.
It is a principle of our Government that any
franchise belonging to the General Government
cannot be taxed by State law, and any "franchise
belonging to a State government cannot be taxed
by a law of Congress. It is an established power
of the State governments that they have a right
to institute State banks. They have the same
right to institute their State banks to perform the
same functions for the States that the Supreme
Court decided in the case of Maryland and Mc-
Culloch. Congress had to organize a United
States Bank to collect and disburse the revenue
of the General Government. The reasoning of
the Supreme Court in the case of Maryland and
McCulloch, by which the power of the General
Government to establish a United States Bank
was 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
must ask the Senator from Kentucky to suspend
his remarks until there is order in the Chamber.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, 1 am not speak-
ing to these people.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair re-
quires the Senate to be in order. It is not only
the province but the duty of theXJhairto enforce
order.
Mr. DAVIS. I remarked that I was not speak-
ing to the Senate. I was speaking to the Presid-
ing Officer of the Senate, because the Presiding
Ofiicer of the Senate was the only member of the
Senate that was giving me any attention. I would
as soon speak to pandemonium as to the Senate
whpn the Senate is indisposed to hear; but still I
will speak. I spoak to the Presiding Officer of
the Senate; I speak, through the newspapers, to
the country, or endeavor to do so.
Now, Mr. President, 1 have stated that the
reasoning and logical proposition upon which the
Supreme Court established the power of the Gen-
eral Government to organize a United States Bank
in the case of McCulloch and the State of Mary-
land was this: that that bank was necessary and
convenient in the fiscal operations of the General
Government; it furnished the General Govern-
ment with a depository of its money; it furnished
it with an agency by which it could transfer its
money from one section of the United States to
another; and it furnished the General Govern-
ment with a safe depository of its public funds.
A State, by the decisions of the Supreme Court,
has the undoubted and recognized power to or-
ganize a State bank; and the very reasoning that
establishes the power of Congress to create a
United States Bank for the United States Gov-
ernment, authorizes the States to establish State
banks for the convenience of the States. The
State banks are organized to aid in the collection
of State revenue. They are organized to be the
depositories of the State revenue. They are or-
ganized to facilitate the operations of the State in
the transfer of its funds, by the payment ofdebts
and other operations, from one part of the State
to another. There is not a solitary argument by
which the conclusion is drawn that the General
Government has the power to organize a national
bank as a power necessary and proper to cany
into execution other powers positively vested,
that does not apply with equal force to and au-
thorize as logically and as conclusively a State
government to establish a State bank.
In the very case of McCulloch and Maryland,
Chief Justice Marshall in his reasoning states
these propositions: thatany powerwhich the Gen-
eral Government may constitutionally exercise,
cannot be taxed by State law; and eo converse, he
says that no power which the State govei nments
may exercise can be taxed by the General Gov-
ernment. Now here is a State institution and a
United States institution. Both of them are fran-
chises. The Bank of the United States is a fran-
chise given by Congress. The State bank is a
franchise given by the State Legislature. The
reasoning and logical conclusion of Chief Justice
Marshall is express, that neither of these can be
taxed by the Government of the other; because
he lays it down as a legal and constitutional prop-
osition, as it is a proposition of logic and common
sense, that where cither the State or General Gov-
ernment have a right to execute a power, the ex-
ercise of that power cannot be taxed by the other
Government.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask my friend from
Kentucky to allow me to take the sense of the
Senate as to whether they will require a recess
to-day. My own impression is that we had bet-
ter continue along without a recess.
Mr. DAVIS, t have no objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not. We shall
get a vote directly. 1 understand that the Sena-
tor from Kentucky does not intend to make a
prolonged argument.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 have only a word or two more
to say.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We shall get a vote in a
moment.
Mr. SHERMAN. If there be objection the
motion cannot be made.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I shall object.
Mr. DAVIS. Now, Mr. President, I putthis
proposition: the States have their treasuries; they
have their treasurers; money is received into the
State treasuries; and the banks are sometimes
used as substitutes for these treasuiies. Let me
ask gentlemen this question: suppose there was
a provision in this bill that proposed to tax alt
the money that isreceived by the States into their
State treasury ten per cent.; would not its absurd-
ity and its unconstitutionality strike every mind?
Where is the difference in principle between tax-
ing a State bank that is created by the State and
performing State offices by imposing a tux upon
the issue of its money of ten percent, pcrannum
and taxing all the moneys received in the State
treasury the same amount? I put the question in
this form again: suppose this was not a tax upon
the issue of State banks but was simply a pro-
hibition against the State banks; that hereafter no
State banks should be authorized, and all State;
banks now authorized should cease to existfrom
and after the 1st of July next; would it be com-
petent for Congress to pass a law containing such
a provision as that? Certainly not. Whynot?
Because the States, according to the decisions of
the Supreme Court, have the recognized power to
establish State banks; and possessing that power
to organize State banks Congress would have no
power to repeal the State banks which they had
organized bylaw. EverySenatorwilladmitthat
Congress could not do it directly.
If a direct repeal, a direct abrogation by law of
Congress so as to destroy the existence of all the
State banks be admitted to be unconstitutional,
upon what principle can Congress pass a law that
will have precisely the same effect by a vote of
taxation that will render it impossible for the
State banks to live? Can Congress do an act in-
directly that it cannot do directly ? Can it pass a
law which by indirect operation would be as fatal
to the existence and to the organization of all
State banks in the future as though they were to
pass a bill directly prohibiting the enactment or
organization of State banks by State legislation ?
If they can do it in the first and indirect and cir-
cumlocutory form, they can do it in the honest,
straightforward, direct form. If they cannot do
it in the latter form they cannot do it in the first
form; and, sir, they cannot do it in any form'
without a flagrant violation of the Constitution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment moved by the Senator from
Vermont, which is to strike out the fifth section
of the bill on page 45.
Mr. HENDERSON. I suppose the vote of
the Senate will be against my views on this sub-
ject, as it has been heretofore; but before the vote
is taken I move to strike out in the second line
the words " State bank or State banking associ-
ation. " Senators will perceive that that discredits
with the national banks all the State bank notes;
the national banks cannot receive them any longer;
and it leaves the State banks then to operate upon
their own credit and by their own solvency. X
think if the State banks are left to operate upon
their own credit, it is as much as the Senate ought
to ask. You can prohibit, I suppose, the banks
that you create by your authority from receiving
the paper of State banks. I will not doubt, for
the sake of the argument, your power to do that.
If your national banking system is a better sys-
tem than the State bank system it will ultimately
override it. You have discredited the State bank-
ing system so far as your legislation goes; but if
it is a system that the people prefer to your na-
tional banking system it will live. If it does live
it will only be because the people do prefer it; it
will only be because they believe it to be a better
currency than the national currency, that it can
live after the legislation of Congress discrediting
it. I hope that the amendment to the amendment
will be adopted. I ask that the section be read
as it will stand if amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The section
will first be read, and then the amendment.
The Secretary read the section, as follows:
See. 5. And he it further enaotcd, That every national
banking association, State bank, or State banking asso-
ciation, or broker, -halt pay n tax of I'■ 11 per cent, on the
amount of notes of any State bank or Bute banking asso-
ciation paid oat by them after tile lot day ot January, 18Gt>.
Mr. HENDERSON. I was not aware that
those words " or broker'' had been inserted. I
will modify my motion, and move to strike out the
words * ' State bank, or State banking association,
or broker;" so that the section will read:
That eveiy national banking association shall pay a tax
often per cent, on the amount of notes of any State bank
or State banking association paid out bytiiem alter the 1st
day ot January, 1SGS.
That will discredit the State bank paper. It
1 will beeqmvalent to saying that the national banks
shall not deal in this discredited paper at all.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I sympathize with the
desire of the chairman to pass this bill at this
time; and I think we ean do it by five o'clock. I
therefore move that the time for taking a recess
be changed to five o'clock, and that will give U3
over half an hour to go on with this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
j! can only be entertained by unanimous consent.
