1288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object; and I do it on
this ground: if Senators are determined to debate
over again all these questions this bill cannot be
passed; you can do no business; and if Senators
will 
Mr.GRIMES. I rise to a point of order. The
Senator has objected to the motion, and he has no
right to go on and discuss it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am discussing the meas-
ure before the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Mis-
souri to the fifth section of the bill.
, Mr. TRUMBULL. On that question I take it
I am in order; and the speech 1 wish to make is
ejmply this: that we never can dispose of this bill
if all these questions are to be debated overagain.
I think Senatois should have some respect for the
intelligence of each other, and should suppose that
we can understand these questions when they are
stated, without a reproduction of the arguments
in reference to them. I do hope we may be per-
mitted to vote on these questions.
Mi. McDOUGALL. 1 do not think these ques-
tions are understood by all the members of the
Senate. I do not think that this pending question
is understood by many raembcis of the Senate;
and I am fearful that it is not well understood by
1 he Senator fiom Illinois, whose comprehension is
equal to almost every subject, although it does
not comprehend the whole. The cffect of the
measure pending would be to destroy everything
that is organized in the way of capital on the
coast of the Pacific, where we deal in gold and
bilver. That is not understood. That must be
coirected; that must be perfectly legislated upon
liere, or 
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator from Cali-
fornia will give way for one moment, the Senator
from Illinois withdraws his objection to the mo-
tion 1 made afew moments ago, and 1 hope,there-
fore, that the recess will be dispensed with for to-
day. The Senatot from California, I think, is in
favor of that; and I hope, therefore, that we will
go right on. I move that the recess be dispensed
with altogether.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Can that be done if there
is objection ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It can only be
done by unanimous consent.
Mr. IIEjNDRICKS. Will the Senator con-
sent to give us a recess, when the bill is passed,
until seven o'clock?
Mr. SHERMAN. As soon as the bill is dis-
posed of I shall have no objection to the Senate
taking a recess.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection to the consideration of the
motion; and it is moved that the Senate rescind
the order directing a recess for this evening from
half past four until seven o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. Now let us have a vote.
Mr. McDOUGALL. After I havegot through
my remarks, with tlie consent of the Senator from
Vermont.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
will proceed with his remarks.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Th 0 proposition involved
here is one of the most mischievous that has been
advanced since 1 have had the honor to occupy a
place on thin floor. I do not know that it is un-
derstood to be so mischievous; for it is not the
habit of Senators, as I have observed, to take
care to inquire into things in detail belonging to
subject-matters of this kind. They have adopted
the maxim long since expressed 
Several Senators. Question ! Question !
Mr. McDOUGALL. Call the question, gentle-
men, as loud as you please. I have the privilege
of the floor. When I get through my observa-
tions the question can be taken. I have been dis-
turbed by the noise 
Mr. CLARK. I rise to a point of order. The
Senator from California is not addressing the
Chair; and I call for the enforcement of the rule
that a member when called to order shall take
his seat and not go on without permission of the
Senate.
Mr. McDOUGALL. When the Chair calls me
to order I will take my seat. I cannot be called
to order by Mr. Clark.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair,) The Chair considers the point of
order to be well taken. No Senator can occupy
the floor without addressing the Chair.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I have the floor; I have
not left it; and wherein have I departed from the
rules of the Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California is occupying the floor, but not
addressing the Chair.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I made my proper ad-
dress to the Chair before I addressed the Senate.
! Who questions that as a matter of fact?
| Mr. CLARK. I ask for the enforcement of
: the 6th rule of the Senate, that
" It' any member m speaking or otherwise transgress the
I rules of the Senate, the Presiding Officershall, or any mem-
ber may, call to order; and when a member shall be called
to order by the President or a Senator, lie shall sit down,
and shall not proceed withoat leave of the Senate."
The Senator is called to order, and the Chair
sustains the point of order.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Ah, indeed! I will see
if 1 am out of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New Hampshire will state his point of order.
Mr. CLARK. I understood the Chair to rule
j thatthe pointof orderwas well taken. The point
of order was thatthe Senator was not addressing
the Chair, and the Chair having sustained that
point of order, it is the duty of the Senator to talce
his seat, and he cannot go on without leave from
the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, Shall the Senator have leave to proceed in
order?
Mr. McDOUGALL. Allow me to make an in-
quiry. This is a somewhat singular proceeding
to me. I addressed myself to the Chair 
Mr. CLARK, 1 again call the Senatof to or-
der. The point of order must be decided with-
out debate, and there is no appeal taken from
the decision of the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, Shall the Senator from California be allowed
to proceed in order?
Mr. COLLAMER. Who raised that question ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The rule re-
quires that when a Senator has been called to or-
der he shall not proceed without the consent of
the Senate.
Mr. CLARK. Nobody has moved that he
shall be permitted to go on.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I make that motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Indiana moves that the Senator from Cali-
fornia have leave to proceed in order.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Now, Mr. President, I
have something to say about that. I addressed
myself to the Chair and then to the Senate. The
Senator from New Hampshire called me to order.
Mr. CLARK. 1 again raise the point of order
thatthe Senator is not addressing the Chair on
the subject before the Senate, but is addressing
the Senator from New Hampshire.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California was not certainly addressing the
Chair on the subject under debate; but it has
been the custom of the Senate to allow some lati-
tude in debate.
Mr. CLARK. It becomes necessary at this
stage of the session and in the condition of the
public business to enforce the rule strictly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
do so.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will abandon the right
I have as a Senator because I am forced to do so
at the present moment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Mis-
souri to the fifth section, after the word "associ-
ation,"in the second line, to strike out the words
" State bank or State banking association or
broker."
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to strike out in
the fourth line of the fifth section the words
" paid out" and to insert the words " issued or
reissued." I willexplain this amendments two
words. The effect of it will be to restrict the
State banks in their further issue of paper.
Mr. COLLAMER. Is not "paid out" the
same thing?
Mr. HENDRICKS. No, sir, it is not. The
issue of a paper is the act of the bank itself whose
note £oes out. A bank issues its paper and puts
its bills in circulation. It pays out the bill of
another bank when it is in its possession and in
the ordinary course of business.
Mr. COLLAMER. How can a bank issue
paper without paying it out?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Ordinarily, and I sup-
pose nearly always, a bank bill is issued by being
paid out. Perhaps the word 44 issue" includes
the words " pay out," but the words " pay out"
do not mean the same as "to issue." This
amendment, I suppose, will accomplish what the
chairman of the committee and the advocates of
this section have said to the Senate they desire
to accomplish; that is, to prevent the increase of
the circulation of the State banks. I am not in
favor of the restriction itself, but I prefer it to the
section as it now stands.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. RAMSEY. I desire to propose the fol-
lowing amendment, to come in immediately after
the close of the fifth section:
Provided, however, That the circulation of State banks
secured by a depoMt of bonds of the Government of the
United States shall be exempt from tins tax.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. CLARK. I move to amend the section
in line five by striking out the word " January"
and inserting "April." [Say " July."] At the
request of some Senators I will move to insert
"July." That will give these banks a little
longer time. I ask for the yeas and nays on the
amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. RIDDLE. I have paired off on this ques-
tion with the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trum-
bull.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Claik, CoHamer,
C' wan, Davis, Dixon, Doolmle, Farwell, Foster, Grimeb,
Harris, Ilendiicks, Howe, Johnson, McDougall, Morgan,
Moirill, Nesmith, Nye, Powell, Spragnc, Ten Ryck, Van
Winkle, Wade, Wiliey, Wilson, arid Wright—28.
NAYS — Messrs. Brown, Chandler, Conness, Harlan,
Henderson, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Ramsey,
Sherman, Stewart, and Sumner—13.
ABSENT—Mcb&rfe. Catlile, Foot, Hale, Harding, How-
ard, Pomeroy, Richardson, Riddle, Saulbbury, Trumbull,
and Wilkinson—11.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now recurs on the amendment to strike out the
fifth section as amended.
Mr. COLLAMER called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 17, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Collamcr, Davis,
Dixon, Doolittle, Fostej, Henderson, Hendricks, Howe,
Johnson, McDowra!), Powell, Ten Eyck, Van Winkle,
Wiliey, and Wright—17.
NAVS—Messrs. Brown, Chandler, Clark, Conness, Far-
well, Gnmes, FUii Ian, Harris, Lane of Indiana, Lane of
Kansas, Moigan, Morrill, Nesmitb, Nye, Ramsey, Sher-
man, Sprague, Stewart, Sumner, Wade, and Wilson—2].
ABSENT—Messrs. Carlile, Cowan, Foot, Hale, Hard-
ing, Howard, Pomeroy, iliebardson, Kiddle, Sauisbury.
Tiumbull, and Wilkinson—12.
So the amendment was rejected.
The ne^t reserved amendment was to add the
following as a new section:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That all persons li-
censed under the provisions of this act or the act to which
this is an amendment, aud who are engaged in the sale of
good?, wares, or merchandise, or of articles produced or
manufactured, whether foreign or domestic, shall, within
ten days after the 1st day ot each and every month, make
return, under oath or affirmation, of the amount of goods,
wares, and meichandise, or articles sold diuing the month
preceding, and shall pay thereon a tax of one half of one
per cent.; and all such persons, in the assessment and col-
lection of the tax imposed by this section, shall be subject
to the provisions of law relating to the assessment and col-
lection of taxes of manufacturers mentioned in the eighty-
second section of the act to which this is an amendment,
as far as the same ai e applicable. And the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue, with the appioval of the Societary
of the Treasury, is authorized to make all needful rules
and regulations for the assessment and collection of the
tax imposed by this section.
Mr. POWELL. I call for the yeas and nays
on the question of concurringin that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 20, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Conness,
Doolitile, Farweli, Foster, Harris, Howe, Lane of Kan-
sas, McDougall, Morgan, Morrill, Nye, Ramsey, Sherman,
sprague, Stewart, Wilkinson, and Wilson—20.
NAYS—Messis. Brown, Buckalew, Davis, Dixon, Har-
lan, Hendcr.-on, Hendricks, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Nes-
mith, Powell, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Von Wiukie, Wade,
Wiliey, and Wright—17,
