1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
527
same blessings, long after my mortal frame shall
have moldered into dust, is dearer to me than
friends or party or political position. Firm 111
the consciousness of right, 1 know that posterity
will do me justice, and feel that no descendant of
mine will ever blush at the sight of the page on
which my vote is recorded in fhvor of country,
Government, liberty, and progress.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. It is not my
intention to discuss the measure now pending
before the House, but simply to give a resume
of the reasons which must determine my own
course. This, upon a matter of so great import-
ance and involving differences of opinion so wide,
is due both to myself and to my constituents.
The amendment of the Constitution abolish-
ing slavery can be made effective in the rebel-
lious States only by arms. But the President
has already by proclamation declared those slaves
free, and asserted his intention to use our armies
to enforce it. The President has four years in
which to try this experiment, with the unlimited
control of the resources of the nation during that
period; the amendment could not hasten military
operations or take from the power of his master
a single slave. It is therefore, for the purpose of
abolishing slavery, without practical effect unless
the President should recede from his declared in-
tention of enforcing Ins proclamation.
It is mischievous in so far as it would tie the
hands of the President in so regulating the mode
of abolishing slavery as not to precipitate upon
the country three million ignorant and debased
negroes, without the slightest preparation for lib-
erty, or power on the part of Government, by a
system of nppienticeship or otherwise, to lequne
them to labor.
It removes all inducementon the part of south-
erners to resist in the last instance the proposi-
tion of Davis to free and arm the southern slaves
and turn them against our northern armies and
people.
With that proposition slavery is a weapon in
our hands and for our benefit. The slaveholders,
between the hostile action of the two opposing
pauies, will be glad to save any portion of their
rights; they will, when Davis undertakes to en-
force his desperate policy, be only too willing to
assent to an abolition as rapid as the interests
either of the country at large or of the negroes
themselves will permit.
It reserves no power, in case experience should
demonstrate great evils in the intermixture of
large masses of the black und white races, to
guard by colonization against such evils.
It utterly ignores the greatest evil of slavery;
extends tluough generations its effect in com-
pletely debasing the subject of it and making htm
unfit either to be a good citizen or a good man.
It violates that good faith which all civtlizcd
Governments have hitherto observed, by destroy-
ing valuable rights hitherto acknowledgedasprop-
eity, and yet refusing compensation.
England, in emancipating the slaves on her
islands, not only established a system of appren-
ticeship, but compensated those who lost. It is
no answer that slavery is immoral; individuals,
upon the faith of laws which recognized rights in
negro labor, have invested their property in such
rights. When the Government sees fit to change
its policy and destroy the rights, it owes com-
pensation. Of course compensation is due only
to loyal owners.
It is a dangerous abuse of the power of amend-
ment conferred by the Constitution.
I agree with neither of the gentlemen who have
argued the constitutional effect of such an amend-
ment. I draw a distinction between the right to
make such an amendment and thepower to make
it. The right affects the consciences of those au-
thorized to act, the power the consequences of the
act when complete. In most of our States, by
constitutional enactment, no person can twice be
put in jeopardy for the same offense; the veidict
of a juiy, therefore, acquitting a criminal is not
susceptible of a review; no matter how corrupt
or how much in violation of law, it is final and
conclusive. They have, therefore, power to dis-
regard the instructions of the judge on points of
law and acquit an acknowledged criminal, but
they have no such right, and it would be a vio-
lation of conscience and of their highest duty.
Amendments proposed by two thirds of Congress
and ratified by three fourths of the (States become
part of the Constitution. The power of determ-
ining what is or is not an amendment rests with
Congress and three fourths of the States; they,
on their consciences and oaths, say that any pro-
vision is an amendment, and nowhere is there a
power, except by revolution, which can hold that
determination wrong. The Supreme Court can-
not, because the very existence of that court is,
beyond question, within the power of amend-
ment. Congress and the three fourths of the
States arc therefore the final judges as well of what
is an amendment, or the removal of a defect, as of
the propriety of making it a part of the Constitu-
tion. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox] is
therefore right in saying that thepoioer of amend-
ment extends even to creating a king. But this
is only because our decision, supported by three
fourths of the States, is final, and if we are false
to our oaths there is no review. But I hold that
if, upon a desert island where there is no civil
government, one man kills another, he is not the
less a muidcrer because there is no power to pun-
ish. And in our case, the fact that we are toact
as judges as well as legislators only increases the
responsibility of observing strictly the spirit and
object of the Constitution.
The Supreme Court of the United States, in
sustaining the validity of the United States Bank,
put their decision on the ground that the decision
of Congress in declaring it necessary as a fiscal
agent of Government could not be reviewed. It
was true, as a part of the current history of the
period, that its fiscal agency had little influence
upon its creation, and that its general financial
power and the regulation of exchanges were the
chief objects it accomplished; but Congress de-
cided otherwise, and an institution at war with
the real spirit of our Government was preserved.
Our present banking law, if (as I do not believe)
it should finally be sustained by the highest tri-
bunals, must be sustained on the ground of the de-
cision of Congress that it was the fiscal agent of
Government, or necessaiy as a part of its finan-
cial system, although the majority of us, and
doubtless the courts themselves, believe that it
was a scheme to enable overgrown moneyed cap-
italists to increase their gains from the necessities
of the country, and to escape fiom their share of
State taxation, (necessary to sustain the war,)
and throw the whole burden upon the poorer
classes, leal estate owners, laboring and business
men. It is therefore as judges that we are to
say that the proposition before the House is an
amendment within the spmt of the. Constitution.
An amendment implies the removal of a defect
or an improvement upon the Constitution; it is
necesNuuly consistent with and not destructive of
the Constitution in its true spirit. It is to the
fabric of government very nearly what 4< repair"
is to a building. There is probably no lawyer in
this House who has not been employed in cases
involving the distinction between a new erection
and repairs. It is almost impossible to give any
general definition by which, in every case, the
distinction between the two can be determined;
but almost every one in ordinary cases can feel
that distinction. The power given 13 to amend,
and an amendment must be consistent with the
fabric, improving portions of it. Here again 1
must illustrate, by reference to ordinary life, an-
other distinction.
1 have said that the word amendment in the
fabric of the Constitution answers very nearly to
" repair" as applied to buildings, but addition is
very different from either repair or amendment.
The owner of a house is discontented with its ex-
tent: he adds a library-room,a dining-room, or a
kitchen; this is no repair; nor would any ad-
dition in substance to the powers of the General
Government or any destruction of the powers of
the State be an amendment. St ill 1 concede that
amendment has a somewhat more extensive sig-
nification than repair, and that it would not be
always safe to resort to the analogy.
The Constitution in its true spirit delegated cer-
tain powers of general interest in every State to
the General Government; in no instance did it
seek to interfere with the merely local interests
or institutions of any State. Indeed, any such
interference would be entirely Inconsistent with
the declaration of the Constitution itself as to its
objects. I do not believe thatany one State voting
for the Constitution would have done so had any
such exercise of the power of amendment been
deemed possible. We are therefore on our oaths
to declare that interference with an institution
local in us character is not merely an addition to
the powers of the General Government as a de-
struction of the local powers of the States, but is a
matter necessary to the general weal of all parts
of the country. I cannot so hold, and am less
inclined so to hold because there is no tribunal to
review our decision. I am not now and never
have been nn apologist for slavery. I have never
believed that it could be a permanent institution;
the seeds of death were in its nature. Had Hived
in Maryland I should have voted to abolish sla-
very; I should so have voted in Missouri; I would
so vote in Kentucky. Their material interests
will undoubtedly be advanced by such abolition;
but it is still a question reserved under the Con-
stitution for their own people.
This is, however, not even a question of the
practical abolition of slavery. There are causes
at work, which in any event will destroy it; the
progress of our armies is wasting it; even a rec-
ognition of the confederacy would not save it
from its final doom. The rebels have themselves
challenged for their favorite institution the atten-
tion and hostility of the world; they have placed/
it in the front rank, where every blow dealt by our
soldiers at rebellion strikes it with destructive
force.
Thousands of the mostintelligent have already
escaped; new ideas as to liberty (a word hitherto
unknown to them) have through intermingling
with our soldiers been scattered among them; the
patient drudge of former times (who then scarce
knew that he had a soul) will soon inquire into
the reason why his bone and sinews are the prop-
erty of another; the wealth of the southerner in
slavery, if it cannot take to itself wings, will at
least lake to itself legs and disappear.
JNor am I altogether indifferent to the effects
upon national character of such an amendment.
It is a declaration upon our part that slavery is
not merely a local institution, but a national sin,
sustained and upheld by the Constitution. Our
fathers carefully avoided the possibility of this
charge; nowhere have they used in the Constitu-
tion the word slave. In providing for their sur-
render it uses the words " persons held to service
or labor;" in depriving the South of full repre-
sentation for slaves, it requires an enumeration of
free persons, &c., and three fourths of all others.
So careful were they to avoid a recognition in any
way of slavery! We might fairly change these
two provisions; but to ingraft upon the Consti-
tution a provision abolishing slavery, is to de-
clare upon our oaths that slavery was connected
with the purposes and object of the Constitution,
and belonged to the North as well as to the South.
But while for the reasons stated I cannot vote
for the amendment, I have been extremely doubt-
ful whether I ought to vote against it. 1 recog-
nize the absolute fealty due from a member of
Congress to the interests of his country and his
constituents. Not only is it his duty, as a mat-
ter of conscience, not to vote for a bad measure,
but he is bound, when he cannot defeat bad legis-
lation, not to increase the evil by useless oppo-
sition. We all know that in the next Congress
there is a majority of extreme men. They will,
without regard to the effect of this measure upon
the country, pass it. And whatever may be the
personal wishes of the President, he is so com-
mitted to the radicals on this question that he must
call a special session of Congress. A session of
Congress unsettles all the business interests of the
country. JNo man seeking legitimate profits can
know what course to pursue. Some new freak of
legislation may tax him into bankiuptcy, or so
depreciate the currency as to effect the same re-
sult. Better a pestilence than a session of Con-
gress, so far as business is concerned, if a session
is pernicious to the business interests, it is ten
times more so to our armies. Each day politi-
cians throw stumbling-blocks in their path. "It
was only yesterday that this House passed a res-
olution impliedly censuring the most successful
genera! of the war—a complete soldier in his plans,
a hero in the field,a statesman in council. I mean
Geneial Shtrnun.
If, then, there is no hope of great advantage
by the mere delay of this measure, it is the duty
of those opposed to it not to vote.
But is it not of the greatest consequence to re-
lieve our armies, even fora short time, of this bur-
