628
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31.
den. which we are attempting to put upon their
shoulders? Grant, Thomas, and Sherman, in
despite of both rebels and radicals, may, if we
delay this blow at them, succeed in a few months
inoverthrowing the rebellion. I have stated that,
ho far as slavery is concerned, I consider this
question as one involving simply the difference
between a healthful process of emancipation and
one injurious alike to the negro and the country.
But that is certainly a mere matter of opinion,
and gentlemen honestly believing in emancipa-
tion may well ask for a security. I have, to avoid
this doubt, drawn a substitute for the amend-
ment, which obviatesthegieater part of the prac-
tical objections which I have raised; it leaving
only the question of abuse of power. I ask that
it may be read, as at the proper time I intend to
offer it.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Sec. 1. Hereafter every sale, transfer, or assignment
of the right of one person to the service or labor ot" an-
other, shall be void ; and by the m^re tact of the consent
of the owner to such sale, assignment, or transfer, the per-
son owing seivice or labor shall be released from all such
obligation and become free.
Sec. 2. All females, such as arc usually termed slaves,
owing service or labor to others, are hereby released from
such obligation, and are and bliall be wholly free.
Sec. 3. From and after the 1st day of January, A. D.
1880, slavery, and all mvoluntaiy service, except that aris-
ing from the lelations of paient and child, master and ap-
prentice, guardian and ward, or that imposed as a punish-
ment for crime, are and shall be abolished.
Sec. 4. Cong*ess shall by law provide compensation for
the actual and direct damage or lo s f-ustained through the
operation of this law, by loyal citizens of the United
States.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. It will be per-
ceived that it immediately obviates the worst
objections to negro slavery, and yet presents in-
ducements for the rebels to return to their alle-
giance. It is much better for them than Davis's
proposition to free and arm the slaves, and there-
fore may defeat that measure.
It prevents an industiial revolution which, de-
stroying the South, will utterly forbid the idea of
aid from that quarter in paying the interest on our
public debt.
If this substitute is accepted, while I cannot
directly vote for it, as being an abuse of power, I
shall not vote against it, and I am well assured
that there are others on the Democratic side who
wilt either directly or indirectly support it; so
that the measure will pass the House. It is for
gentlemen on the other side to say whether they
lirged this in good faith, or as politicians*, if in
the first view, they will accept the substitute; if
in the last, reject it,
Mr. HARMING addressed the House. [His
remarks will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. KALBFLEISCH. Mr. Speaker, the ar-
gument upon the question now before the House
has been so ably conducted and so long continued
that it is witli more or less reluctance I ventuie
to delay the public business by stating even hi icily
the reasons which induce me to dissent from a
majority of my fellow-members, and to cost my
vote,as I propose to do, to maintain the Consti-
tution as it is and as it was when our country,
governed under it, was marching with proud and
stately step to cmpire-and to greatness. I am not
sure, sir, that I would trespass at all upon the
House at this stage of its proceedings upon this
question if it were not for the fact that, my im-
mediate associate, speaking for a constituency
closely connected with that which I have the
honor to represent, sees the line of his duty in a
different direction from that which I propose to
take. Though what I have to say may not in-
fluence the vote of any member who hears me,
still, sir, I believe the people of the great city in
whose behalf I have the honor in pait to speak
on this floor would not be fairly represented in the
national councils if I did not in the name, and I
believe with the approval, of a large majority of
them state here that their faith in the Constitu-
tion as it is and as it was when they required of
me the promise to faithfully maintain it, is not im-
paired by anything which has since transpired,
but that, on the contrary, they cling to it still as
their fathers did before them as to the sheet-
anchor of their safety.
Mr. Speaker, I have watched the course of
events to little purpose if the troubles which now
surround us are in any degree due to imperfec-
tions in the Constitution; on the contrary, sir, I
am mistaken if these troubles might not have
been averted had we rendered a^more cheerful, a
more implicit obedience to that instrument. In-
stead of squaring the Constitution to suit our no-
tions, we would do better to make our opinions
conform to the Constitution. All our misfortunes
are, to my mind, clearly traceable to a disregard
of its provisions. I can understand those who
have never loved the Constitution in the past
eager to tinker it now, and if you show me a
man who has been noted in the past for disloy-
alty to the Constitution, and for his disregard for
the Union whiph it made possible, I will show
you a man in favor of this amendment. The
party to which I belong have looked ever to the
Constitution as the guide of thjsir policy. It was
the chart by which they directed the course of the
ship of State in the better days when the vessel
was under their guidance. The chart has been
discarded by others; the ship is among the break-
ers; storms, dark and menacing, shut out the sky.
In such an hour, instead of trying to amend the
chart, 1 am for following it, and I doubt not, if
we do, but that there is still a pleasant voyage
before us, and a haven of safety at the end of it,
in which the old ship may lie in security and at
peace.
I am told, Mr. Speaker, that if I desire to save
the Democratic party I will help to amend the
Constitution so as to abolish slavery; I must try
to cut it loose, so it is said, from dead issues.
Singularly enough, sir, this advice comes from
men who have spent their lives in misrepresent-
ing the Democratic party and in vilifying its lead-
ers. These men have become very suddenly so-
licitous for the welfare of the Democracy. They
tell us, sir, there is a great future in store for us,
if we Democrats only follow their advice. I am
suspicious of this new-born zeal for the interest of
the Democratic party coming from such a source.
1 for one have not learned Democracy from its
most inveterate foes, and I will not place myself
under their instruction now. I cannot but be-
lieve that my immediate colleague has been giv-
ing too much importance to this new school of
Democratic advisers. I am afraid, sir, he is re-
pealing second-hand the chaige that the Demo-
ciaiic party had been always subservient to the
South, and found its subserviency followed by
increased exactions in the interest of slavery. I
owe it to my own self-iespect as a Democrat, I
owe it to my party, to say that this charge is en-
tirely unfounded. When the South asked what
the Constitution gave her we cheerfully yielded
that; we as Democrats could not do less, and we
never did more. My colleague again says that
he has an especial enmity against the South as
a Democrat, because the South abandoned the
Democratic party. Well, sir, heie the South
committed for herself and for all ot'us a very sad
mistake, as all who purpose to follow the bad ex-
ample will; but I cannot believe that the spirit of
revenge and recrimination winch such remarks
as these indicate is that winch should be indulged
in by those who are intrusted with the grave re-
sponsibility which devolves on the members of
this body. Not only the South, but a majouty of
the people of the North, have abandoned, tempo-
rarily, the Democratic party; and sir, the majority
of both sections have traveled further, and I be-
lieve have fared worse.
Mr. Speaker, since 1 entered this House I have
endeavored to shape my conduct to the end that no
word or act of mine would stand in the way of the
restoration of peace and Union to these States.
I believe the legislation of the country should be
shaped in the spirit by which, I believe, I have
been actuated. In my opinion the amendment
you now propose to provide for may stand in the
way of both peace and Union. Even while this
measure is under discussion messengers are pass-
ing between Washington and Richmond, and if
these men are successful, and if the negotiations
they propose to inaugurate result in anything, the
very question we now propose to commit our-
selves upon will form the chief obstacle in the
way of a settlementof our difficulties. Suppose,
sir, that the South should be willing, as the basis
of peace, to consent to gradual emancipation?
Should we place ourselves m a position that would
prevent the acceptance of such terms ? The amend-
ment you now propose to make will then stand
as the only obstacle in the way of peace. If there
be men here willing to risk the life of the nation
on the hazard of battle, and willing to see rivers
of human blood shed for immediate as against
gradual emancipation, among such men I do not
desire to be numbered.
It is not many months since the President of
the United States, above his own signature, pub-
licly stated that if he could save the Union he
would do so, irrespective of slavery. 1 am for
leaving open to him the opportunity of redeem-
ing the pledge thus given to the country. Since
that time the President, in his famous note ad-
dressed " to all whom it may concern," insisted
upon the abolition of slavery as a preliminary to
peace. The position taken m that, document was
so generally condemned that even the editor of
the New York Tribune was disgusted by the folly
of the man who wrote it. We now propose to
commit the country to a policy which everybody
condemned but a few months ago. Sir, I, forone,
cannot give my vote to do it. The proclamation
ofemancipation was all but universally condemned
by the true friends of the Union. I believed it to
be at once impolitic and illegal, and yet i am asked
to give my assent now to legalizea policy which
I cannot approve of, either in the president or in
Congress.
Mr. Speaker, I desire to save the party in power
from itself, and I tell its leaders here that they had
better never have been born than live to see the
day when their experiments in legislation, of
which this amendment is one, may be the chief
obstacle in the way of the realization of that most
dear to the truly loyal American heart—the res-
toration of the Union.
While I have argued, sir, against this measure
as if it were in truth an " amendment" to the
Constitution, I regard it as subversive of the en-
tire spirit of that instiument. We have been
warned by the " Father of his country" to dis-
countenance irregular opposition to the Constitu-
tion, " and at the same time to resist with care tlie
spirit of innovation upon its principles^ however spe-
cious the pretextsOne method of assault, he telis
us, sir, u may be to effect m the forms of the Con-
stitution alterations which will impair the energy
of the system, and thus to undemnine what cannot
be directly overthrown." These, sir, are words of
prophetic warning. Under " specious pretexts"
of amending the Constitution, you desire to make
it the instrument of depriving men of vested rights,
and to leave behind you a precedent which, if
followed, will leave every right, civil or religious,
which the minority possesses at the will of the
majority. When the Constitution went into op-
eration there were twelve slave States and but
one free State. It was within the power of the
twelve slave States to force slavery on Massa-
chusetts, in the same way that you propose to
force abolition on the South. Would Massachu-
setts, think you, have submitted to so gross a
perversion of the compact she had just entered
into? Did she fight against England for seven
years for the right to manage her own affairs only
to transfer that light to another authority against
which she had no legal safeguard? Sir, Massa-
chusetts might have been left u wilderness, but
this right could not have been wrested from her
people. Do you propose to force from South
Carolina, men of Massachusetts, what you would
have yielded yourselves only with your lives?
We aie told, sir, and the fact seems to be con-
ceded by a vast majority of those in favor of this
measure, that slavery is dead. The progress of
the war and the incidents connected with it, we
are told, have destroyed the institution in this
country, and placed it beyond the hope of resur-
rection, Why then do we find gentlemen, and
especially those most clamorous m insisting that
slavery is dead, so urgent and pertinacious in
seeking to lay sacrilegious hands upon that ven-
erated and almost sacred instrument, our glorious
Constitution, underthe pretense that alteration of
U is necessary for the abolition of slavery ? Has
not its abolition been proclaimed by the Presi-
dent? Nay, further, does not the President de-
mand as a condition precedent to the restoration
of peace, and in fact as the only terms upon which
he will consent to a restoration of the Union, that
the States in rebellion shall themselves abolish
slavery ? In the face of all this, how can his po-
litical supporters now deny that the destiuction
of slavery is demanded at our hands? Taking
these gentlemen at their words, Mr. Speaker, and
there is no necessity for any change in the Con-
stitution to secure the abolition of slavery. What,
