1294
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
as the Department lias heretofore existed, these
midshipmen, when they graduated, became en-
signs and received $1,200 a year. Now it is pro-
posed, not to make them ensigns immediately,
bat to allow them to go to sea in the capacity of
midshipmen, and to give them a mean pay be-
tween that which they would receive if they were
immediately promoted and that which they are
receiving at the Academy. The truth is, that it
is a saving of the difference between $1,200 and
$800 over the system that has prevailed during
the last four years. It is proposed now to send
these young men to sea as midshipmen. During
the last four or five years when they graduated
they became ensigns, and being ensigns they re-
ceived $1,200. It isnow proposed that they shall
have some experience in the grade of midship-
men; and if they go to sea in that grade they are
to have $800 in place of the $1,200 they would
reccive as ensigns.
Mr. FARWELL. Does this bill change the
position they hold when they go to sea?
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir; this bill does not say
that they shall go to sea in any grade. That is
a matter that is regulated by the Navy Depart-
ment, and has been from the foundation of the
Navy.
Mr. FARWELL. I observe that the bill pro-
poses to increase their pay.
Mr. GRIMES. It proposes to increase their
pay while they aie at sea and obliged to Iteep up
their mess, over what they now receive at the
Academy, where they are notcorapelled to furnish
their provisions. They receive at the Academy
$500. This bill proposes to give them $300 more,
if (hey g-o to sea, to support them while at sea.
Mr. FARWELL. After they have graduated ?
Mr. GRIMES. After they have graduated,
while they are at sea as midshipmen.
The bill was passed.
NOTIFICATION TO VICE PRESIDENT-ELECT.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the joint committee
of the two Huuses appointed to wait upon Andrew
Johnson, of Tennessee, and notify him of his
election as Vice President of the United States,
reported that they had performed the duty assigned
them, and that Mr. Johnson replied that he ac-
quiesced in the will of the people, and that he was
reudy at the proper time to take the oath of office
and enter upon the dischaige of,his duties.
MILITARY SERVICE.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up House joint
resolution No. 170.
Mr. HOWARD. What is it?
Mr. WILSON. The title of it is, "A joint
resolution declaring and defining the meaning of
the law in regard to officeis' servants," to which
1 desire to propose an amendment of some eight
or ten sections which it is very important to pass,
and it is very important that it should go back to
the House of Representatives as eaily as possi-
ble. I consulted with the Committee on Military
Afhtits of the House, and told them I would get
it down there last night, and I expected to be able
to do so then, or eaiiy this morning. I do not
think it will take more than ten or fifteen minutes.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope jt will not be taken
tip. Wo have a great many bills of much more
importance to act upon.
Mr. WILSON. You have none at all. It in-
volves in it the organizing of six regiments of
engineers; it involves in it the clothing of our vol-
unteers; and it involves several other important
tilings which we will all agree upon if they are
only read and considered. 1 think we can settle
it in ten or fifteen minutes, and it is of great im-
portance that if should be passed.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I should like to ask the in-
dulgence of the chairman of the committee to
permit us to take a vote upon the paymaster's
bill before that resolution is taken up.
Mr. WILSON. That bill cannot pass Con- ,
gress at this late hour in the session. J t is a Sen - ;
ate bill, and if passed here it would have to go to J
the House of Representatives, and it is a trifling i
affair compared with one single item in this prop- |
osition. I he amendment that 1 shall propose to '
this resolution makes provision for the clothing :
of our volunteers, which the Quartermaster Gen- I
f-ral of our Army says is essential. Theyreceived i
forty-two dollars when the war opened, and the !
i egulars now receive alxmt sixty dollars, and they j
have to pay the difference out of their own pock-1
ets. There are several just provisions in the
amendment.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Does the Senator decline to
permit me to take up this bill?
Mr. WILSON. I cannot give way to a meas-
ure of this character for the one the Senator de-
sires to take up, because there is no comparison
between the two. This is a House resolution upon
which I propose to offer an amendment of great
importance, and the bill of the Senator, if it should
pass here, may reach the House and may not
pass at this session; but this is of vital importance,
and I am very anxious to have it passed.
Mr. HOWARD. I beg to inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs whether
the measure to which he alludes has been before
the committee?
Mr. WILSON. It has been before the commit-
tee, and has been reported as a bill; but in order
to save it, as we are pressed for time, I propose
to offer the bill which we have reported as an
amendment to this resolution, so that it may have
a better chance of passing. If we were to pass
the original hill now, it would have no more chance
to become a law than this paymaster's bill.
Mr. SPRAGUE. 1 hope this measure will not
be taken up. From the remark made by the Sen-
ator from Michigan I do not believe it has received
theattention ofthe Committee on Military Affairs,
and at this late period of the session I do not be-
lieve that it is a proposition that should pass.
Mr. WILSON. I am utterly amazed at the
declaration made by the Senator from Rhode Isl-
and that this has not received the consideration
of the Committee on Military Affairs. It has re-
ceived that consideration, and I know it, whether
the Senator knows it or not. Now, sir, 1 propose
to show what this bill is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
suggest that the merits of the measure are not
strictly in order on a motion to proceed to its con-
sideration. Reasons may be given why it should
be taken up; but that does not involve a debate
on its merits.
Mr, WILSON. Well,sir, without discussing
it, I hope the Senate will take it up. We could
have passed it before this if there had been no
opposition.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
eider the joint resolution (H. R. No. 170) de-
claring and defining the meaning of the law in
regard to officers'servants.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I observe that the com-
mittee report an amendment to strike out all of
the original resolution, and insert a substitute;
and I presume the Senator from Massachusetts
does not wish to have the original resolution
read.
Mr. WILSON. No, sir; I only desire to he?
the substitute road.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading
of the original resolution will be dispensed with
if there be no objection, and the substitute only
will be read.
The Secretary proceeded to read the amend-
ment, as follows:
That the meastue of allowance for pay for an officer's
servant is the pay of a private soldier its fixed 4>y law at
the time; that no non conimUsioued officer shall bo de-
tailed or employed to act as a servant, nor slmll any private
soldiei be feo derailed or employed except with Jus own
consent; that for each soldier employed as a servant b)
any oihcer there shall he deducted Jrom the monthJv pay
of such officer the lull monthly pay and allowances of the
soldier so employed; and that, including any tidier or
soldiers so employed, no officer shall be allowed lor any
greater number of servants than isnow provided by law,
nor be allowed tor any servant not actually and in fact m
hi< employ.
Sec. '2. And be it further resolved, That lion-commis-
sioned officeis and privates in the volunteer *eivice shall
receive the same amount of clothing as non-commissioned
officers and privates; ofthe  ume arm of the regular Arm).
Mr. HOWARD. 1 notice that the Secretary
omitted to read section two of the printed amend-
ment, reported by the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, m these words:
Slc. 2. And be it further resolved, That hpreafter the
bread ration shall he fourteen ounces of hard btead or
twenty ounces of soft bread, or its equivalent m flour ; or,
in lieu ot an increase of the bread ration, the allowance
may be made m vegetables.
I beg to inquire of the chairman whether that
is not a part of their amendment.
Mr. WILSON. That is a part of the bill that
was originally reported, and which I now propose
as au amendment to this resolution; but I con-
cluded to leave thatout, because, 011 investigation
and consultation with the committee in the House
who had the same subject under advisement, they
thought it was doubtful whether it could carry,
arid that it had better be abandoned. 1 have a
letter from the commissary department, stating
that it was not necessary.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 was merely inquiring for
information; that is all.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
amendment; as follows:
Sec. 3. And he it further resolved, That if a soldier, dis-
charged for wounds, icceived in battle, die before receiving
the bounty provided bv the act of Maich 15, 1863, entitled
"An act to amend an act to authonze the employment of
volunteers, arid so forth," the bounty due shall be paid to
the following per&ons, and m the order following, and to
no oilier poison, to wit: first, to the widow of such de-
ceased soldier, if ihere be one; second, if there be no
widow, then to the children of such deceased soldier, share
and shaie alike ; third, if such soldier left neither a widow,
or child or children, then, and m that case, such bounty
t-hall be paid to the following persona, provided they b<3
residents of the United States, to wit : first, to his father;
or, if he shall not be living, or has abandoned the support
of his family, then 10 the mother of such soldier, and if
theie be neither father nor mother, as aforesaid, then such
bounty shall be paid to the brothers and sisters of the de-
ceased soldier resident as aforesaid.
Sec. 4. And he it further resolved, That every non-com-
missioned officer, private, or other person who has been,
or shall hereafterbe, discharged from the Army of the Uni-
ted States by reason of wounds received in battle, on skir-
mish, on picket, or in action, or in the line of duty, &liall
he entitled to receive the same bounty as if he had served
out his full tcim ; and all acts and parts of acts inconsistent
wnh this aie hereby repealed.
Sec. 5. And he it /u?i/ierresoZtfe<?,Thatthelegalheirs of
tho>e persons who shall have become entitled to the bounty
under the pieced tug section ot this act, and shall have died
befoie receiving tin: same, shall be entitled to receive the
bounty upon making application fot the same, as m the
case of the lieirs of those who die or are killed in the sei-
vice.
fc£c. 6. Jind be it further resolved, That all persons of
coloi who were enlisted and mustered into the imhtarv ser-
vice of the United States in South Carolina, by and under
the direction of Major Geneial Hunter and Brigadier Gen-
eral Saxion, in pursuance of the authority Irom the Secre-
tary of War dated August 25, 1862,that the persons &o
received into &eivice, and their officers, to be entitled to
and receive the same pay and rations as are allowed by law
to other volunteers in the service;" and in every case
wheie it shall be made to appear to the satisiaccion of the
Secretary of War thai any legiment of colored troops has
been mustered into the service uf the United State?, under
any assurance by the President or the Secretary of War,
that the non-commissioned officers and privates of such
regiment should be paid the same as other troops of the
same aim of the service, thull, (ram the date ot then en-
listment, leceive the same pay and allowances a>, are al-
lowed by law to other volunteers in the military service;
and the Secreiaiy of War shall make all necessary regula-
tions to cause payment to be made ia accordance there-
with.
Sec. 7. And be it further resolved, That the President is
herobw'authorized to enlist or organize, out of troops al-
readjpin the service,six regiments of volunteer engineers,
to he organized by existing regulations, to have the same
pay and allowances of engineer troops of the regular Army
and to be subjected to the rules and articles of war.
/ See. 8. And belt further resolved, That the President is
hereby authorized to enli-t two additional companies, to be
added to the regiment of volunteer engineers raided under
the provisions of an act approved May 20, 1864, entitled
"An act to organize a regiment of veteran volunteers,"
ami said legiment shall be considered one of the regiments
authorized in the preceding section of this act.
Sec. 9. And be it further resolved, That whenever a regi-
ment in the regular Army is reduced below the minimum
number, no officer shall be appointed in such regiment be-
yond those necessary iur the command ot sucli reduced
number.
Slc. 10. And he it fuither resolved, That acting as-
sistant surgeons" and ,k contract surgeons,''while in the
mihtaiy noivicp of the United States, shall hereatter he
exempt from all liability to be dratted under the provisions
of this act and the acts to which this is an amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask for the rereading of the
eighth section, providing for volunteer engineers.
The Secretary again read it.
Mr. WILSON. Does the Senator want an ex-
planation of that section?
Mi. GRIMES. Yes, sir.
Mr. WILSON. Last year the House of Rep-
resentatives passed a bill for a regiment of volun-
teer engineers, and provided that it should be
composed of ten companies, when it should be
twelve; and they desire now to have the same
number of companies as other regiments.
Mr. GRIMES. Is that in addition to the six
regiments that are provided fot?
Mr. WILSON. Tii is regiment was ordered
last year, and instead of having twelve companies
was composed of but ten, and tins section proposes
to make it uniform.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand that; but there
is a section in the amendment which proposes to
make six new regiments of engineers. Does that
stand?
