1296
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2.
Employed to act as a servant, nor shall any private soldier
be so detailed or employed except with his own consent.
I want to sttike out all of that section after the
word "employed," because it is very easy for a
commanding officer if he wants a servant out of
the ranks to get his consent. If a general or a
colonel wants one of the privates for a servant it
is very easy to get his consent, and the private ordi-
narily would not withhold it. But we do not enlist
and pay men and give them bounties to be ser-
vants for officers. They are privates and put into
the ranks, and they ought to serve there, and they
oughtnot to be subjected to this servile duty, even
with their own consent. I move to strike out all
of the section after the word " employed."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not in order
now to move to strike it out, because the amend-
ment has just been adopted as a substitute. As
soon as the bill is reported to the Senate, it will
be in order to agree to the amendment with an
amendment.
Mr. WILSON. I will say to the Senator from
New Hampshire that at the last session of Con-
gress we made the jaw in regard to the employ-
ment of soldiers as servants very stringent, and
from that time to this hour we have had a great
deal of difficulty about it. It is said that down
at the front it is with the greatest difficulty that
servants can be obtained atall, and it is very im-
portant to make this modification and this change.
The House of Representatives made a construc-
tion of the act of last year that would cost the
Government $1,000,000. We have saved that
amount by sinking out the original resolution,
and this provision simply upplies to the employ-
ment of these persons in the future; and 1 hardly
see how they can get along without it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is it in order to offer to
amend a single word in the amendment of the
committee?
The PRES1DINGOFFICER. A verbal change
can be made by common consent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The sixth section pro-
vides, m the seventeenth line, that the persons re-
ferred to in the former pait of the section shall
rcceive the "same puy and allowances as are al-
lowed by law to other volunteers m the military
service." It ought to be in the past tense, "as
were allowed by law to other volunteers in the mil-
itary service." The law has since been changed;
but I presume it is not proposed to pay them a
different sum from what other persons in the ser-
vice at that tune received.
Ihe PRESIDING- OFFICER. That change
will be made, if there be no objection.
Mr. BUCKALEVV. I offer the following
amendment us a new section;
•find be xt fuithcr resolved, Tli.it where any revised en-
rollment in any cougressionsil or draft district ha* been ob-
tained or made pi tor in any actual drawing of name* from
tiie eiinillnn'ijt dish lets, the quota tit such district may be
adjusted and appoitioned to yurh revised emollmout, iu-
M*'ad ot bring applied to, or based upon, the enrollment as
it may have Mood bolote revision.
Mi. GRIiVlEti. 1 should like to know some-
thing about that amendment.
Mr. BfJClvALEW. It is to authorize the
proper oilicei to apply the quota to the actual en-
rollment us revised and existing ut the time when
the draft is made. He finds some difficulty in the
question of his power to do so. There is no
question about the propriety of it; and 1 desire to
add it to this resolution for the purpose of relieving
lum from ail question on the subject of his power;
that is all.
Mr. WILSON. I suppose we have got to
abandon the eni oliment act passed by the House
of Repiesentatives. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania intended fu move this amendment on that
bill, and I see no harm in it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. \yiLSON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to strike out ihe fifth section of the
amendment as it is included in the first section,
and J supposed it was marked out.
1 he PRESIDING OFFICER. No objection
made, that section will be stricken out.
Mr. GRLYlhiS. I wish to move an amend-
ment to this resolution that has passed the Sen-
ate once or twice, and which I believe met the
approval of everybody. It ought to beadopted,
and it would have saved a vast number of men
to the Army,probably one hundred thousand, if
it had been adopted a year ago:
Jlsuibe it fartksi iesoloed} That no person owing military
service shall be exempted from liability to perform the
same on account of furnishing a substitute for the Navy,
unless the substitute is piesented in person to the board of
enrollment by which the principal is enrolled, and is ac-
cepted by said board of enrollment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
as amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New Hampshire suggested an amendment
in committee which will be m order if he desires
to offer it.
Mr. HALE. No; I do not care about it. The
chairman says the section is right as it is.
The amendment was concurred in,andordcred
to be engrossed, and the joint resolution to be
read a third time. It was read the third time, and
passed.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the title of the
joint resolution was amended by adding the
words, " and for other purposes."
VERIFICATION OF INVOICES.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
697) further to provide for the verification of in-
voices, have directed me to report the same back
without amendment and recommend us passage;
and I will ask the indulgence of the Senate to pass
this and two or three other short bills that are very
important to the interests of commerce, and will
take no time. 1 do not think it will take more
than ten or fifteen minutes to dispose of them;
and I will ask the indulgence of the Senate for that
space of time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Michigan asks the unanimous consent of the
Senate to consider the bill just reported at the
present time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have several House
bills that have been reported for some time from
the Committee on the Judiciary, which I have
been struggling, I think for a week, to call the at-
tention of the Senate to; and they aie bills of a
public character. 1 thmk there would be no ob-
jection to any of thern. I think they ought to
have precedence overabillthat is reported at tins
time and is not in older. My friend from Michi-
gan had the floor the other day and I think passed
six bills in about as many minutes.
Mr. CHANDLER. Only five.
Mr. TRUMliULL. If the Senate will allow
me a few minutes, I think I can get nd of, not
six, but thiee or four bills that ought to be passed.
I he PRESIDING OFFICER. A ny objection
to this bill carues u over. The Chair hears no
objection.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the hill, which authorizes
all consular officeis of the United States to require,
before certifying any invoice or invoices under the
provisions of the fiist section of the act euLitled
"An act to prevent and punish frauds upon the
revenue,to provide for the more certain andspeedy
collection of claims in favor of the United States,
and for other purposes,"approved March 3,1863,
satisfactory evidence, either by the oath ot the
person or persons presenting such invoices or
otherwise, that such invoices arc correct tind true;
but in the exercise of tin1 discietion hereby given
they are to be governed by such general or special
regulations or instructions as may horn time to
time be established or given by the Secretary of
State.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third tune, and passed.
CALIFORNIA LAND CLAIMS.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to take up Senate bill No. 238.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the Senator will
let me go on with my bills.
Mr. HENDRICKS. This bill, if not passed
now, cannot pass at this session, ft is reported
from the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator will allow
me, in ten or fifteen minutes I can pass two or
three bills from the Committee on Commerce, and
I hope I shall be permitted to go on for that length
of time.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think the bill that I
propose to take up will occupy but very little time.
It is simply to authorize a party to appearin the
courts, waiving the slatute of limitations, 111 Cal-
ifornia, respecting one of the California claims.
It has been thoroughly examined by the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is a private bill; and 1
move that that and all prior orders be postponed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is not
before the Senate yet. The Senator from Indiana
moves that the Senate now proceed to the con-
sideration of the bill indicated by him.
Mr. HENDRICKS called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. HALE. Will the Chair please tell us what
the title of the bill is?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be read
for information.
The Secretary. '' A bill to ascertain and set-
tle certain private land claims in the State of Cal-
ifornia."
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 think the Senator from
Indiana ought not to insist upon taking up a pri-
vate bill now when there are so many bills of
public importance that have passed the House
of Representatives that ought to be acted upon.
That consideration governs me entirely. If his
bill were a public bill,I would vote with him to
take it up.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will explain to the
Senate the difficulty about this bill. It has been
elaborately considered by the Senate at a former
session. A very elaborate report was made by
Senator Bayard, representing the Committee on
the Judiciary at the time, and the bill passed the
Senate upon discussion, I believe, by an almost
unanimous vote. The point is just this: this
particular claimant was kept out of the courts by
the invention of another claim that at first was
supposed to be right. It was afterward decided
by the Supreme Court that that other claim was
not a correct claim against the Government of
the United States.
Mr. HARLAN. I suggest to the Senator from
Indiana that the Senator from California [Mr.
Conness] is opposed to this bill, and as it affects
people in his State, perhaps it would be courte-
ous not to call u up at this time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That being the case I
hope the Senator from Indiana will withdraw his
motion and let me take up two or three public bills.
Mr. HENDRICKS. As the chairman of the
Committee on Public Lands makes that sugges-
tion, 1 of course have no intciest in tins matter,
and 1 will not press the motion.
PRESTON STAltRET'f.
Mr. POWELL. I move to take up the reso-
lution reported from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary for the relief of Preston Slarrett. It will
take but a single moment.
The motion was agreed to; and the following
resolution was read a second time and considered
as in Committee of the Whole:
Resolved, That Preston Starrett be paid out of Hie con-
tingent fund ot the sSenate the amount of'iits compensation
as messenger of the Senate from the of July, 1Si5I. un-
til the 17th ot December, 1861, at wlneli tune las uftiee is
considered as vacated.
Mr. TRUMBCJLL. That is a simple resolu-
tion of the Senate. Does it tequirc three readings?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, it does, as it
proposes to take money Irom the Treasury.
The resolution was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment.
Mr.MORRILL. It has been suggested tome
that the rule of the Senate requires that a resolu-
tion of this sort should be referred to the Commit-
tee to Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses
of the Senate. I make that suggeauon. i do not
know how the fact is.
Mr. POWELL. This resolution is reported
from the Committee on the Judiciary. It is to
pay this little pittance to a poor old man who was
appointed a messenger by a resolution of the Sen-
ate and was then turned out.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 make no motion but merely
the suggestion.
The resolution was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
DEPOSITIONS IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.779.
Mr. HENDRICKS. What is the title of u?
Mr. TRUMBULL. "A bill to regulate iho
taking of depositions in certain cases." It is re*
ported unanimously from the Committee on the
