THE CONGRESSIONAL" GLOBE.
if* f
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY E. & J. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. Gi
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, MARCH 3, 1865.
NEW Series Na; 82,''
Judiciary, and it provides for the taking of depo-
sitions by a defendant in a criminal case in the
District of Columbia.
Mr. HENDRICKS. With the Senator's per-
mission I should lilce to ask him a question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. HENDRICKS. At an early period of
the session I felt it to be my duty to introduce a
hill regulating the right of giving testimony in
one's own case, so tdiat a man should not swear
in a case where he was litigating with an adminis-
trator or a guardian, the other party being dead.
I introduced that bill at a very early period of
the session, but have been unable to ascertain
what the Committee on the Judiciary intend to do
with it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have it in my bundle
now, and hope to be able to get attention to it if
the Senate will allow me to pass these bills.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Very well; that is satis-
factory.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on taking up the bill indicated by the Senator
from Illinois.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If that is a bill which
will lead to discussion it will hardly bo worth
while to take it up, as there is a special order for
eight o'clock this evening, and it is very near
that time now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not suppose there
will be any discussion upon it. I am not going
to offer any bill that will lead to discussion if I
know it.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee ofthe Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 779) to regulate the taking of
depositions in certain cases.
It provides thatany defendant in a criminal case,
in the District of Columbia, either after prelimin-
ary examination,indictment, or information, may
examine witnesses on commission in such man-
ner as is hereinafter prescribed. A defendant
wishing to take the deposition of a witness resid-
ing more than one hundred miles from the city
of Washington may select any ofthe following
officers as a commission to take such deposition:
the clerk or judge of any court of record, or any
notary public, or any consul of the United States,
either by the name of office of such officer, or
by his individual name and official style; and the
name of the court of which such constituted com-
missioner is clerk or judge, and the name of the
State and county,or if without the United States,
the name of the State and town, or city, in which
Buch notary or consul resides, must be stated in
the notice and in the commission.
Five days' notice must be given by a defend-
ant, or his or her attorney, of the time when a
commission will be sued out of the office of the
clerk of the criminal court for the District of Co-
lumbia for taking the deposition of the witness,
(giving the name of the witness,) which notice
must be accompanied with a copy of the inter-
rogatories to be asked such witness. At or be-
. fore the time fixed in the notice the district attor-
ney may file cross-interrogatories; but if he fail
so to do, the clerk shall file the following:
First, Are all of your statements in the fore-
going answers made from your personal knowl-
edge? and if not, do your answers show what are
made from your personal knowledge, and what
from information, and the source of that infor-
mation? ■ If not, now show what is from infor-
mation, and give its source.
Second, State everything you know concern-
ing this case favorable to either the Government
or the defendant.
The notice and copy of interrogatories may be
served and returned in the same manner and by
the same officers or persons as is provided by law
■ for the service and return of a summons or sub-
pena in civil actions within the District of Co-
lumbia.
The commission is to issue In the name of the
criminal court, and under its seal, and must be
signed by the clerk, arid need eontain Nothing
but the authority conferred upon the commis-
sioner and instructions to guide him, a statement
of the cause in which the testimony is to be used,
and a copy of all the interrogatories filed ap-
pended. Ihe person before whom any of the
depositions above contemplated are taken must
cause the interrogatories appended to the com-
mission to be written out, and the answers thereto
to be inserted immediately underneath the re-
spective questions; the whole, when completed,
being read over by or to the witness, must be by
him or her subscribed and sworn to in the usual
manner. All exhibits produced before theptrson
taking the deposition, or proved or referred to by
any witness, or correct copies thereof, must be
appended to the depositions* and returned with
them, unless sufficient reasons be shown for not
so doing.
The person taking the deposition is to attach
his certificate thereto, stating that it was sub-
scribed and sworn to by the defendant at the time
and place therein mentioned; the whole, including
the commission and interrogatories, must then
be sealed up and returned to the clerk of the crim-
inal court of the District of Columbia, by mail,
unless the defendant and the district attorney
agree upon some other mode; and, when received
by the clerk, he is to open the package and place
the deposition on file in his office. Unimportant
deviations from any of the above directions are
not to cause the depositions to be excluded where
no substantial prejudice could be wrought to the
Government by such deviation; and subject to
these regulations, the court may establiah further
rules for taking depositions and all other acts
connected therewith.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third.time, and passed.
OPINIONS OJt ATTORNEYS GENERAL.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 707) to provide
for the publication of the opinions of the Attor-
neys General of the United States. It authorizes
the Attorney General to contract on behalf of the
United States with a suitable book publisher for
the printing and'publishing of the unpublished
opinions ofthe Attorneys General of the United
Slates, delivered since the 4th of March, 1857, on
the following terms: the opinions are to be pub-
lished in as many volumes as may be necessary,
which are to be, as to the quality of paper, print-
ing, and binding, of uniform style and appearance
with the eighth volume of the opinions published
by Robert Farnham in 1858, and, as nearly as
possible, of uniform size with that volume, and
numbered in regular order after that; the copy-
right to be taken out by, and be for the use of,
the publisher, who is to deliver to the Attorney
General, for the use of the United States, within
one month after the publication, three hundred
sets of volumes, at the price of three dollars per
volume, payable after they are so delivered. The
Attorney General is also authorized to employ a
competent person to edit and prepare the opin-
ions for publication, with proper head notes, and
a full and complete index, and to supervise the
publication. When the three hundred sets have
been delivered for the use of the United States,
the Attorney General is to cause them to be dis-
tributed as follows: for the President of the United
States, two sets; for the Department of State, ten
sets; for the Department of the Treasury and the
heads of bureaus thereof, twenty-five sets; forthe
Department of War and the heads of bureaus
thereof, twenty-five sets; for the Department of
the Navy and the heads of bureaus thereof, fifteen
sets; for the Department of the Interior and the
heads of bureaus thereof, twenty sets; forthe De-
partment of the Post Office, ten sets; for the At-
torney General's office, ten -sets; for the judges
of the Supreme Court of th9 United States, one
set each, and the library ofthe court, three sets;
for the judges ofthe Court of Claims, the solicitor,
assistant and deputy solicitors of the court, one
set each;, for the Library of GoiigreSs,vfifiy'£er3f
for the use of both Houses of Congress; the resi-
due ofthe three hundred sets to remain in charge
of the Librarian of Congress,, at the future tlia-
posal of Congress. The bill appropriates.the sum
of $7,000 to pay for the editing of the opinions
and the price of the three hundred volumes, which
money is to be disbursed on vouchers approved
by the Attorney General.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
ATTORNEY GENERAL'S OFFICE.
Mr.TRUMRULL. I now move to take up——
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The hour spe-
cified by the Senate for the consideration of a
special order, the Indian appropriation bill, haa
arrived.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask that that be laid
aside informally until I can get through with these
bills. It will not take more than fifteen minatefj. j
I will not ask for more than a quarter of an hour;
and as we are on these bills at this time, I trust
the Senate will allow me to proceed with them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The special
order can be laidaside by unanimous consentonly.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the Senator can get
through with his bills in fifteen minutes I shall
not object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No objection
being made, the special order will be laid aside
for the present.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I now move to take up
House bill No. 758?
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 758) amendatory of the acts
relative to the Attorney General's office, and to
fix the compensation of his assistants and clerks.
It provides that hereafter the salary of the Assist-
ant Attorney General shall be raised to the sum of
$3,500 pur annum. In lieu of the provisions of
law prescribing the Attorney General's powers as
to the employment of clerks m his office, tho At-
torney General is to be authorized to employ in ^
his office one chief clerk at a salary of $2,206 get*
annum, two fourth-class clerks (being",one "'par-
don clerk" and one " opinion clerk") at annual
salaries of $1,800 each,.two third-class*clerks at
annual salaries of'fljOOO each,and one first-class
clerk atonannualsalaryofgl,200, besides such tem-
porary clerks as may from time to time be needed;
but the allowances to such temporary clerks is in
no one year to exceed $1,000. For the purposo
of paying for the current fiscal year the increased
compensation provided for in the bill, the Attor-
ney General is to be authorized, in addition to the
amounts already appropriated forthe payment of
salaries in his office in the appropriation bill for
the current fiscal year, to draw on and use from
the unexpended balance of moneys standing'on
the books of the Treasury on the 1st of July last,
to the credit of his office forthe pay of clerks and
messenger, or from any other appropriation then
standing to the credit of his office, and yet Sub-
ject to-his control and unexpended, a sum not ex-
ceeding in the whole #2,400, toward such addi-
tional compensation for the current fiscal year.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendriient, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
JOVB.NILH OIFBNDER3.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, the bill (H.
R. No. 749) providing for the confinement of ju-
venile offenders against the laws of the United
States in houses of refuge, was considered as in
Committee of the Whole. According to its pro-
visions, juvenile offenders against the laws of tha
United States, under the age of sixteen years,
who may hereafter be convicted of crime by any
courtof the United States, the punishment where-
of shall be imprisonment, shall be confined,dur-
ing the term of sentence in some hous,e of refuse
tobe designated by the Secretary of the Interior,
and shall be transported and delivered tolhefl&r-
den,or keeper of such house of refuge by.tbeiaar-
shal ofthe diatrtct whore the conviction shall
