1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
531
son, Noble, John O'Neill, Pendleton, Perry, Pruyn, Samuel
J. Randall,Robinson,Ross,Scott, William(i.Steele,Stiles,
Stiou&e, Stuart, Sweat, Tovvn^end, W.ufewotih, Waul,
Chilton A White, Joseph W. White, Winfield, Benjamin
Wood, and Fernando Wood—57.
NOT VOTING—Messts. Augustus C. Baldwin, Hutch-
ins, Eazear, Le Blond, Marey, McDowell, MeKinney, Mid-
dleton, Nelson, Radford, Rogers, John B. Steele, and Voor-
hees—13.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question recurred on the passage of the
Joint resolution.
Mr. ASHLEY. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. MALLORY. I rise to a question of or-
der. My point of order is that a vote to recon-
sider the vote by which the subject now before
the House was disposed of in June last requires
two thirds of this body. That two-thirds vote has
not been obtained.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The rules of the House author-
ize every bill and joint resolution to pass by a
majority vote. The Constitution of the United
States, however, declares that no constitutional
amendment shall pass except by a two-thirds
vote. On the question of the passage of the joint
resolution the constitutional provision will oper-
ate, and not till that time. All other qncstions
are governed by the rules of the House.
The Chair will state that this has been the uni-
form usage of the House in regard to bills vetoed
by the President. In such cases all votes up to
the time of taking the question on the passage of
the bill over the President's veto are decided by
a majority vote; but on the final vote a two-thirds
vote is ncccssary.
Mr. MALLORY. My action upon this ques-
tion of order will depend a good deal on the re-
sponse to a proposition whu;h I am about to make
tothegentleman fromOhio, [Mr. Ashley.] There
are gentlemen belonging to this side of the House
who can be here to-morrow, but who are not here
to-day, who are anxious to vote upon this ques-
tion. if the gentleman from Ohio will agree that
the vote shall be taken at a fixed hour to-morrow,
all action upon this side of the House for delay
will cease.
Mr. ASHLEY. It lias been the universal un-
derstanding that we were to have a vote to-day.
Gentlemen upon the other side of the House will
bear me witness that I have prolonged tlusdebate
against the protest of gentlemen upon this side of
the House and of leading friends of the measure in
the country; and 1 think it does not come with a
very good grace from the gentleman fiom Ken-
tucky, m view of the time winch has been ex-
tended to his friends on that side of the House,
that he should demandnow, when notice was given
again and again that a vote would be taken to-day,
that it shall be postponed until to-morrow. It
seems to me that if gentlemen choose to absent
themselves from the House their action ought riot
to operate eithorto keep us in session here or jus-
tify members in resorting to the usual parliament-
ary rules to procrastinate and put off the vote.
Mr. MALLORY. #I was not aware that any
understanding had been arrived at as to a vote
on this question to-day. It was postponed till
to-day, but at that tune there was certainly no
undeistandmg that there should be a vote to-day.
Mr. ASHLEY. In reply to a question by the
gentleman fiom Pennsylvania, [Mr, Stiles,] I
gave noticc last week that the vote would be taken
to-day; and at the beginning of the discussion this
morning I fixed three o'clock as the time the vote
would be taken, instead of which we have pro-
crastinated it almost an hour to accommodate gen-
tlemen upon the other side of the House.
Mr. MALLORY. Did that understanding
exist upon this side of the House? If it did and
if gentlemen will say so, I shall take no action in
this matter.
Several Members. It was so understood.
Mr. ASHLEY. I cannot yield any fuither.
I desired this mot rung to be heard on this ques-
tion, and came into the House intending to close
the debate, as under the rules I had a right to do.
The time, the subject,and the occasion, all united
to make itdesnabie; but I yielded the time to gen-
tlemen on the other side, until it is now nearly
four o'clock, and members on all sides of the
House demand a vote. I therefore decline to
take up the time of the House, and demand that
the main question shall now be p'ut.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio to yield to me to offer a substi-
tute for the joint resolution.
Mr. ASHLEY. I cannot yield for that pur-
pose. I have a substitute myself, which I should
much prefer to the original joint resolution, but
I do not offer it.
The SPEAKER. No motion to amend would
be in order at this stage. The joint resolution
has passed its third reading, and is now on its
passage.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, the gentle-
man from Ohio says that he has a substitute
which he himself prefers to this joint resolution.
If so, why does he not offer it to the House?
There certainly will be no objection on this side.
Mr. ASHLEY. I do not offer it, because I
would not procrastinate this discussion or hazard
the passage of the measure.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It seems to me that if the
gentleman has a better substitute, he should pro-
pose it. [Calls to order.]
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; which was on the passage
of the joint resolution.
Mr. DAWSON called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 119, nays 56, not voting 8;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnold,
Ashley, Baily, Augustus U. Baldwin, John D. Baldwin,
Baxter, Boanian, Blame, Blair, Blow, Bontwell, Boyd,
Brandogee, Broomal I, William G.Biown, Ambrose W.Clark,
Freeman Clarke, Cobb, Cojfiotli, Cole, Co)lax, Cre^well,
lit iny Winter Davis, Thomas T. Davi*, Dawes, Doming,
Dixon, Donnelly, Drigu;«,Dumont, Eekley, Eliot, English,
Fartisuorth, Piank, Ganson, Gaificld, Good), Grinncll,
Gri^wold, Hale, Ilernck, Hooper, ilotchki^s, A&a-
hel W. Hubbard, John II. Ilubbaid, llulbuid, Hutching
In^eisoll, Jt'nekes\ Julian, Kas^on, Kclley, Francis W.
Kellogg, Orlando Kellot r, Kmp, Knox, Inttlejohn, Loan,
Lon«ycar, Marvin, McAllister, McBride, McChng, Meln-
doe, Samuel F. Miller, Moorhcad, Morrill, Daniel Morris,
Amos Mj ois,Leonard Mjeis,Nelson,Norlon,0(U;ll,Ch.ulej)
O'Neill, Onh, PatteiMm, Perham, Pike, Pomeioy, Puce,
Radtoid, William II. Randall, Alexander II. Kice, John II.
Rice. Edwaid H. Rollins, James S. Rollins, Schenck, Sco-
fiehl,' Shannon, Sloan, Smith, Smithers, Spalding, Stair,
John B. Steele, Stevens Thayer, Thomas, Tracy, (Jpson,
Van Valkenhuigh,Ehhn 13. Washburne,William B. Wash-
burn, Webster, Whaley, Wheeler. William-*, Wilder, Wil-
son, Wmdom.Woodbt idge, Wort hingum, and Yraman—119.
NAYS—.Messrs. James C. Allen, William J. Allen, An-
cona, Bliss Brooks, James S. Blown, Chanlcr, Clay, Cox,
Craven*. Dawson, Denton, Eden, Edgerton, Eldndgo,
Fniek, Grider, Hall, Ilaidmg, Harrington, Benjamin U.
Harris, Ciiailes, M. Hums, Dolman, Philip Johnson, Wil-
liam Johnson, Ivalbrlei-rh, Kernan. Kunpp, Law, Long,
Mallory, William H. Milter, Jame* R. Moms, Morrison,
Noble, John O'Neill, Pendleton, I'eriy, Pruyn, SamuelJ.
Randall, Holunson, iioss, ^cott. William G. Steele, Stiles,
Stiouc-e, Stuart, Sweat, Town^end, Wadsworth, Ward,
Chilton A. White. Joseph W. White, Wmheld, Benjamin
Wood, ami Fernando Wood—.r>6.
no t voting—Messi>. La/„ear, Le Blond, Marcy, Mc-
Dowell, MeKinney. Middletnn, kogeis. and Voorhees—8.
So, the two thirds required by the Constitution
of the United States having' voted in lavor thereof,
the joint resolution was passed.
During the roll-call,
On Mr. English and Mr. Ganson voting
"ay,55 there was considerable applause by mem-
bers on the Republican side of the House.
The SPEAKER called repeatedly to order, and
asked that mcmbeis should set a better example
to spectators in the gaileiy.
Mr. KALBFLEISCH and other Democratic
members remarked that the applause came, not
fiom the spectators in the gallery, but from mem-
bers on the floor.
The SPEAKER. Members will take their
seats and observe order.
The SPEAKER dnected the Clerk to call his
name as a member of the House.
The Clerk called the name of Schuyler Col-
fax, of Indiana, and Mr. Colfax voted " ay."
[This incident way greeted with lenewed ap-
plause.]
The SPEAKER. Theconstitutiomil majority
of two thirds having voted in the affirmative, the
joint resolution in passed.
!| [The announcement was received by the House
:i and by the spectators with an outbuist ofenthu-
!' siasm. The members on the Republican side of
i the House instantly sprung to their feet, and, re-
!j gardless of parliamentary rules, applauded with
!' chceis and clapping of handis. The example w as
'I followed by the male spectators m the galleries,
'I which were eiowded to excess, who waved their
|j hats and cheeied loud and long, while the ladies,
hundreds of whom were present, rose in their
seats and waved their handkerchiefs, participat-
ing in and adding to the general excitement and
intense interest of the scene. This lasted for
several minutes.]
Mr. INGrERSOLL. Mr. Speaker, in honor
of this immortal and sublime event I move tha t
the House do now adjourn. '
The SPEAKER declared the motion carried,
and again the cheering and demonstrations of ap-
plause were renewed.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I demand the
yeas and nays on the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 121, nays 24, not voting 37;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Ancona, Ander-
son, Arnold, Ashley, Baily, Augustus C. Baldwin, John
D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Blaine, Blair, Blow, Bout-
well, Boyd, Brandogee, Broomall, William G. Brown,
Chanler, Ambrose W. Clark, Freeman Clarke, Cobb, Cole,
Cox, Cresweli, Henry W.mter Davis, Thotnaa T. Davis,
Dawes, Dawson, Doming, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs, Eek>
ley, Eliot, English, Farnaworth, JTiank, Garfield, Goncb,
Grinncll, Gnswold, Hale, Ilerriek, Higby, Hotchktes, Ama-
bel W. Hubbard, John II. Hubbard, Hulburd, Hutching,
Ingersoll, Jenckes, Julian, Kasson, Kelley, Francis W.
Kellogg, Orlando Kellogg, Kernan, King, Knox, Littiejohn,
Loan, Longyear, Mallory, Marvin, McAllister, McBride,
McClurg, Melndoe, Samuel F. Miller, Moorhead, Moriill,
Daniel Moms, Amos Myers, Leonard Myers, Nelson, Not-
ion, Odell, Charles O'Neill, Patterson, Pendleton, Perham,
Pike, Pomcroy, Piice, William II. Randall, Alexander H.
Rice, John II. Ilice, Edwaid 11. Rollins, James S. Rol-
lins, Schenck, Scofield, Scott, Shannon, Sloan, Sinith-
eis, Spalding, Starr, Stevens, Strouse, Stuart, Thayer,
Thomas, Tracy, Upson, Van Valkenburgh, Wadsworth,
WardjElihu B. Washburne, William B. Washburn, Wha-
ley, Wheeler, Williams, Wilder, Wilson, Windom, Win-
field, Benjamin Wood,and Woodbridge—121.
NAYS—iVle*:sr«. JamesC. Allen, William J. Allen, Cof-
frotli, Denison, Eden, Edgerton, Eldudgc,Gudcr, llamng
ton, Benjamin G. Harris, Charles M. harris, Uohnau,
KalblieiMjh, Knapp, Law, Long, Morrison, Noble, Rad-
ford, Samuel J. Randall, Ross, Stiles, Towmsend, and
Jo-cph W. Wlme—-J4.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Bliss, Brooks, James S. Brown,
Clay, Cravens, Duiuont, Finck, Ganson, Hall, fiani<ng,
Hooper, Philip Jolui:>on, William Johnson, Lazear, L<j
Blond, Marcy, McDowell, MeKinney, Middleton, William
II. Millei, James R. Moms, John O'Neill, Orth, Peuy,
l'i in n. Kobinson, Kogcrs, Smith, John ft. Steele, William
G. Steele, Sweat, Voorhees, Webster, Chilton A. White,
Fernando Wood, Worthington, and Yeaman—37.
The House thereupon (at twenty minutes past
four o'clock, p. m.,) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 1, 3865.
Prayer by Rev. B. II. Nadal,- D. D.
On motion ofMr.WILSON,and by unanimous
consent, the reading of the Journal was dispensed
with.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a memorial of the
Legislature of the State of Minnesota, for an ad-
ditional grant of lands to aid in the completion of
the several lines of railroad and branches in that
State mentioned in the act of Congress approved
March 3, 1857, and for an extension of tne time
limited therein for the completion of the railroads;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, arid ordered tQ be printed.
Mr. DIXON presented the petition of Hillard
Gladding, praying foran amendment of the Con-
stitution of the United States forever prohibiting
slavery; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CHANDLER presented resolutions of the
Legislature of the State of Michigan, in favor of
a grant of land in aid of the construction of a har-
bor at the mouth of Ontonagon river, on the south
shore of Lake Superior; which were referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to
be printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of the State of Michigan, in favor of <i grant
of land in aid of the construction of a ship-canal
from Portage Lake to Lake Superior; which were
referred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to he" printed.
Mr. SUMNEll presented the petition of Wil-
liam Cioswell, fonneily in the naval seivke, for
a pension; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. MORGAN presented a resolution of the
Chamber of Commerce of the State ol N<- w York,
concurring in the resolutions o^ the Philadelphia
Board of Trade, recommending an amendment to
the Constitution of the United States imposing
