532
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
dutiosonejfports; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of officers of the
forty-fifth regiment United States colore^ troops,
praying for the passage of a. law authorizing the
appointment of. a brevet second lieutenant, with
the pay of the grade, for each company of colored
Jfcoops;, which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and the .Militia.
Mr. NESMITH presented a memorial of the
Legislature of the State of"Oregon in favor of the
establishment of a.branch mint at Portland in that
S.tate; which, was referred to the Committee on
Finance/
Mr. HALE presented the memorial of Janes,
Fowler, Kirtland & Co., of New York city, con-
tractors to furnish material for the new dome of
the Capitol, praying for additional compensation
on their contract; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a memorial of sen-
ators and representatives of the Legislature of the
-State of Ohio, for An increase of the salaries of the
judges of the district courts of the United States;
which was referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
Mr. SPRAGUE presented a memorial of S.W.
Macy, collector of customs at Newport, Rhode
Island, praying that a steam whistle be placed on
Castle Hill; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
• Mr. ANTHONY. I present the memorial of
Edward Harris and others, citizens of Rhode Isl-
and, deprecating the enactment of a bankrupt law
by Congress other than one purely prospective
in its character. The memorialists set forth that
•while they have no objection to one that is pros-
pective, they judge that a retrospective act, espe-
cially at this time, during the pendency of the
war, would be injurious to the interests of the
country. As the bill has been reported I move
that the memorial he on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a message from the President of the United
States communicating, in compliance with a res-
olution of the Senate of December 20, 1864, in-
formation in relation to the arrest of Colonel Rich-
ard T. Jacobs, Lieutenant Governor of the State
of Kentucky, and Colonel Frank Wolford, one
of the presidential electors of that State; which
was ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of War communicating, in answer to a
resolution of the Senate of the 10th of January,
1865, a list of officers of the regular Army, with
a statement how they were employed on the 1st
of January, 1865; w'hich was ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of War, transmitting, in answer to a
resolution of the Senate of the 6th of January,
1865, communications from Major General Mc-
Dowell, commanding the department of the Pa-
cific, in relation to a recent attempt to send arms
and munitions of war out of that department to
Mexico; which was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. SHERMAN, fiom the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred a bill (H. R. No.
649) making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30,1866, reported
it with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 418) supplementary
to an act entitled "An act to regulate the com-
pensation of members of Congress/' approved
August 16, 1856, reported adversely thereon.
fie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (H. R. No. 705) for the relief
of collectors and surveyors of customs in certain
cases, reported it without amendment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was recommitted the bill
(H. R. No. 222) to extinguish the Indian title to
lands in the Territory of Utah suitable for agri-
cultural and mineral purposes, reported it with-
out amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (H. R. No. 38)
directing the Secretary of the interior to. pay to
the Chippewa,Ottawa, and Pottawatomie Indians,
residing in Michigan, the sum of $192,850, re-
ported it with amendments, and submitted a
report, whicJi was ordered to be printed.
Mr.MORRlLL,from the Committeeon Claims,
to whom was referred a petition of Janes, Fowler,
Kirtland & Co., of New York, contractors to fur-
nish the material and labor for the construction
of the dome of the Capitol, praying for additional
compensation on their contract, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committeeon the Judi-
ciary, to-whom was referred the bill (II. R. No.
640) providing for a district and circuit court of
the United States for the district of Nevada, re-
ported it with an amendment.
Mr. FOSTER. The same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (H. R. No. 601) supplement-
ary to an act entitled " An act to enable the peo-
ple of Nevada to form a constitution and State
government, and for the admission of said State
into the Union on an equal footing with the ori-
ginal States," and the bill (S. No. 374) supple-
mentary to the same act, have instructed me to
report them back and recommend that they be
indefinitely postponed, their provisions being
comprised in House bill No. 640, which I have
just reported favorably.
The report was concurred in.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committeeon Claims,
to whom was referred the report of the Court of
Claims in favor of the claim of John Robb, sub-
mitted an adverse report; which was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the report of the
Comptroller of the Currency, reported a bill (S.
No. 423) supplementary to an act entitled " An
act to provide a national currency secured by a
pledge of United States bonds, and to provide for
the circulation and redemption thereof;" which
was read, and passed to a second reading.
THANKS TO GENERAL SIIEKIDAN.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Militaiy Affairs and the Militia to report
back the joint resolution (H. II. No. 142) tend-
ering the thanks of Congiess to Major General
Philip H. Sheridan and the officers and men un-
der his command, and recommend its passage,
and 1 ask for its present consideration.
By unanimous consent the joint resolution was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to tender the thanks of Congress to Ma-
jorGeneral Philip H. Sheridan and to the officers
and men under nis command for the gallantry,
military skill, and courage displayed in the bril-
liant series of victoiiea achieved by them in the
valley of the Shenandoah, and especially for their
services at Cedar Run, on the 19th of October,
1864, which retrieved the fortunes of the day and
thus averted a great disaster.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
ABOLITION OF SLAVERY,
A message from the House of Representatives,
by M r. McPiieiison, its Cleik, announced that the
House had passed without amendment the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 16) submitting to the Le-
gislatures of the several States a proposition to
amend the Constitution of the United States. A
subsequent message announced that the resolu-
tion had been enrolled, and that the eniollcd reso-
lution had leceived the signature of the Speaker
of the House. It was thun signed by the Vice
President, and transmitted to the President of the
United States, who, by his Secretary, Mr. Nic-
oi.ay, soon announced that it had been approved
and signed by him.
ItETUKN OP ARKANSAS TO THE UNION.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to take up the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 104) forthe return of Aikan-
sas to the Union, which 1 laid upon the table a
few days ago, for the purpose of having it re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion to take up the joint resolution was
agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. In moving the referencQ of
the joint resolution to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, I want to make a single statement. I
am encouraged to send it to that committee from
what I find in the report which they made at the
last session on the question of admitting the gen-
tlemen who then presented themselves as Sena-
tors from Arkansas. I did not at that time op-
pose that report, because I thought that it was
premature to agitate the question; the subject was
presented to us suddenly, and it was about th£
close of the session. There were various circum-
stances combined at that time why i thought
Arkansas could not be received ; but 1 am encour-
aged now to send this resolution to the commit-
tee, because in their report then, speaking of the
fact that a majority of the voters did not partici-
pate in the election, they stated:
"This, however, would not be fatal to the reorganiza-
tion, if all who were loyal to the Union had an oppomunty
to participate, and the State was tree from militaiy con-
tiol. Such, howevei, Is understood not to have been ihe
ease. Thfi President had not then, nor has he up to this
time, recalled his proclamation which declared the inhab-
itants of Arkansas in a state of insurrection against the
United States."
I have drawn this resolution to meet that case,
by authorizing the President to rescind that por-
tion of his proclamation. The committee further
state :
" When the rebellion in Arkansas shall have been so far
suppiessed that the loyal inhabitants thereof shall bo fiee
to reestablish their State government upon a republican
foundation, or to recognize the one already srt up, and by
the aid and not in subordination to the military to maintain
the same, they will then, and not before, in the opinion of
yom coinmittce, be entitled to a leprcaentation jn Con-
gress, and to participate m the administration of the Fcdeiai
Government."
All I desire to say is, that I think that state of
things has now arrived. I have before me some
evidence of that fact,-which i propose to send to
the committee. The best evidence that I can
think of is the report of the military commander
of that department. I know there are conflicting
opinions in regard to the fact, but I think we are
bound to take the besttestimony. 1 have before
me a communication from the commander of that
department, and also from the late Provost Mar-
shal General upon this very point, in relation to
which I think the Senate, and perhaps the coun-
try, have labored under a misapprehension. The
Provost Marshal General, in a letter to the Pres-
ident of the United States, says, speaking of the
condition of Arkansas:
"At no time has it been so free from hostile tread, and it
can be truly said that no portion of the tenuory in dispute
is so thoroughly legaiued. I have to-day received my
honorable di&ehargo trom the service, and X leol at liberty
to make some statements to you which X could not so
propeily have done while in otiiee, that bear directly on
this point.
" i have filled the office of Provost Marshal General since
the occupation of Little Rock until to-day, and huvo or-
ganized a veiy thoioujjh system of secict service. The
lesuliofthe infoimation which has of late been obtained
establishes eonclUMvely the laet. that since the d^wrou;*
(ailuie of Geneial i'rieeV laid the enemy had resolved on
the abandonment ot the State oi Arkansas, and fixing their
line of defense on lied liver."
He goes on to state that at no time was the State
so completely in the hands of the Union men and
so completely recovered as at present.
I wish to call the attention of the Senate for one
moment to the necessity of some action of this
character. It is known to the Senate that under
a law passed at the last session, and approved
July 4, 1864, quartermasters, in procuring sup-
plies in the States declared to be in insurrection,
were not required to give vouchers. The Union
man whose property is taken for the suppoit of
our Army cannot get pay for it in any of the dis-
tricts that have been declared by the President to
be in insurrection.
Let me say to the Senate, in this connection,
that if we expect to cultivate a Union sentiment
anywhere, especially in the districts that have
been overt un by the rebellion, we must encourage
the loyal men there; if we fake their property we
must pay for it; and we cannot pay for it under
the law until that restriction is removed which
declares this State, as well as others, in a slate of
insurrection. 1 have here a letter from Governor
Murphy, in which he says that the citizens of
Arkansas are preparing to go on their fauns, laise
crops, and make large improvements, but they
are discouraged from doing so because everything
they raise is liable to be taken to support the army
at Poit Smith. We have always had a military
post there; there is nothing new about that; but
