1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
when their property is thus taken, under the re-
striction upon trade which was put into the act
of July 4, 1864, they are not paid for it. I shall
not occupy the timeof the Senate by reading these
communications, but I desire to have them re-
ferred, with the joint resolution, to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
Mr. President, in my opinion the case of the
State of Arkansas now commends itself to the
Senate and to the country in a manner that it has
never heretofore done. The Union men of Ar-
kansas have suffered untold deprivations, and
while we have extended the most cordial cooper-
ation to the Union men of Missouri and Kansas,
and the anti-slavery men all through the West and
Southwest, we have left Arkansas alone. We
have not even smiled upon her. We have hardly
bidden her welcome when she has been struggling
and making efforts to return to the Union and re-
store her government.
I want to say one thing more. This restored
government of Arkansas ought not to be preju-
diced on account of any convictions individuals
may have in regard to the amnesty proclamation.
J know that a portion of the Senate, as well as of
the country, conceive the idea that every State
ought to come back under some general law, and
that we ought not to take back one State at a time.
My conviction is that the government in each
State should be restored and should stand upon
its own merits, and that we cannotmake anygen-
eral law for the return of these States any muie
than we can make a general law for the admis-
sion of new Territories.
It is nothing new to have a State government
protected by Llie military authority. When this
eubjectcomes up properly before the Senate I shall
undertake to provetliat the military authorities did
not establish this State government, and conse-
quently it was not established under the procla-
mation of the President of the 8th of December,
I8G3. It was a movement of the people. They
commenced this movement on the 30th of Octobei,
and the President's proclamation was not issued
until the 8th of December. There was a contest
aboui it. When the President did issue his proc-
lamation, he set the 28th of January as the day of
election; but after he found the people were moving
he submitted the whole matter to them. I wilt
read a letter which the President himself wrote,
in January, 18G4, addressed to lion. William M.
Fishback. He says:
" When f fixed a plan foi an election in Arkansas, I did
it in ignorance that your eon vent am was at tne *amc woik.
Smce'i learned the latter tan r have [teen constantly tr> ing
to yield my plan to theirs. I have sent two letter to Gen-
euil Steele, and tljiee or tour dispatches to you and others,
s;n inf; thai he (Genera! Sleek-) imM be master,bul that it
wilt piobably be best foi hnn to keepthe convention on its
own plan."
So the President himself yielded thepointin his
proclamation, and allowed the election to be held
and the convention to be organized according to
the plan marked out by the people, and it was so
organized. I have all the documents in the case,
and I ask to have them referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, with the hope that thisjoint res-
olution will be favorably considered, andan early
report made upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The order to refer
will be nytde.
representation in electoral college.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the joint reso-
lution (H. II. No. 12C) declaring certain States
not entitled to representation in the Electoral Col-
lege, have instiucted me to report the resolution
back to the Senate with a recommendation that
the resolution pass, and with an amendment to
the preamble. I will ask for the consideration of
the resolution at this time as the electoral votes
are to be counted a week from to-day, and it may
avoid difficulty in theffenvass of the votes if the
two Houses take action in legard to this matter
prior to that time. No change is made in the
House resolution; it is in punt on Senators'
tables, and they can see at once what it is.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution; which was read, as follows:
Whereaj the inhabitants and local aiithoiitics of the
States of Vngmia, Noith Oaioiina, South Caiohna, Geor-
gia ' Florida. Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana. Texas, Ar-
kansas. and' Tennessee rebelled against the Onveriiinent
of the United States, and have continued in a state of aimed
lebeilion for more than three years, and were in said state
of aimed rebellion oil the 8th day of November, 1864:
Therefore,
Beit resolved l/ylhe Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
the States mentioned in the pietimble to tliis joint resolu-
tion ere not entitled to repiesentaUon in the Electoral
College tor the choice of President and Vice President of
the United States for the term of office commencing on the
4th day of Match, I860; and no electoral votes shall be re-
ceived or counted fiom said States concerning the choice
of President and Vice President for said term of office.
The amendment of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary was to strike out of the preamble the fol-
lowing words:
And have continued in a state of armed rebellion for
more than three yeais, and weie in said state of armed
rebellion on the 8th day of November, 1864.
And to insert the following in lieu thereof:
And were in sncli state of rebellion on the 8th day of
November, 1864, that 110 valid election for President and
Vice President of the Unued St-ltes according to the Con-
stitution and laws theieof was held theieitl oil Saul day.
Mr. TEN EYCIC. Is this a proper time to
move an amendment to that amendment its re-
ported by the committee?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. TEN EYCK. Then I move to strike out
the word " Louisiana" in the preamble.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is not part
of the amendment of the committee. The ques-
tion is 011 the amendment reported by the com-
mittee.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator's
amendment would now be in order.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I move to strike out of the
preamble the word "Louisiana." I will simply
state that it is a matter of history that the State
of Louisiana has leorganized, or at least at-
tempted to do so, and in the opinion of many,
and perhaps most, of the loyal citizens of that
State, has reorganized as a State. It is a matter
of history that thoy have elected State officers
and a State Legislature; that they have elected
members to a constitutional convention and framed
a new constitution for that State; that that Legisla-
ture passed a law authorizing theelection of elect-
ors for President and Vice Piesidcnt of the Uni-
ted States in the last presidential election, and
that such electors have met and cast their votes.
Under these circumstances I think there is a strik-
ing distinction between the State of Virginia and
the State of Louisiana. My object in moving this
amendment is, under this slate of facts, that some
opportunity may be afforded to a loyal people
who have suffeied all the horrors of the rebel-
lion, who have got the better of it, and put it
under foot, of coming back and resuming their
place in the councils of the nation.
SENATORS FROM NEVADA.
Mr. CONNESS. With the consent of the Sen-
ate, I wish to present the credentials of Hon.
James W. Nye and Hon. William M. Stewart,
Senators-elect from the State of Nevada. I ask
that they be read and placed on file, and that the
oath of office be administered to the Senators.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is a ques-
tion pending.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to allow this to be done.
Mr. SUMNER. 11 is a privileged question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. In the opinion of
the Chair it is a question of privilege.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire thw subject to he over
until to-morrow. I promise ,tlie Senator fi om Cal-
ifornia that I will not ask any further postpone-
ment than to-moirow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
submit any motion?
Mr. TRUMUULL. These being Senators
from a new Slate, it will be necessary to clas-
sify them end that they draw lots for the terms
which they are to serve. I merely wish to inquire
whether the arrangements have been made for that
classification ?
Mr. McDOUGALL. I suppose that will be
in order after the Senators have taken the oath of
office. They will then be classified as Senators.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
infotm the Senator from Illinois and the Senate
that the necessary preparations have been made,
and the classification can be made whenever the
oath of office shall be administered. I lie cre-
dentials will be lead.
The Secretary read the credentials.
Mr. DAVIS. I regret that I Jiad not known
yesterday that the credentials orf these gentlemen
were to be presented to-day. If I ljfiU,-F«lk>iild
have interposed no objection to the njatfer beiflg
acted upon at this time, and 1 will merely state
my reason for malung a request now fpr post-
ponement.
I think, sir, it is a correct principle that no
State, or no Territory assuming the forms of a
State, can elect members to the Senate until such
State be admitted into the Union; that 110 State
can be admitted into the Union by any other au-
thority than by the actof Congress; that it takes
the action of Congress to admit a new State into
the Union, and no other power or authority under
the Government can do that act.
This State has not yet been admitted into the
UnionbyanactofCongress. UntilCongresshas
performed thatactindue form I hold that itisnot
competent for the Legislature of Nevada to elect
members to the Senate. That being the position
which I believe to be the true constitutional prin-
ciple, I was anxious, desirous, at least, to have
had an opportunity to examine the precedents.
I merely state the reason, Mr. President, why
I should prefer that the qualification of these gen-
tlemen, if they are to be qualified as Senators,
should be postponed'until to-morrow. 1 will not
ask a postponement for a longer time. By that
time I promise to be ready with such precedents
as I think pertinent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
submit a motion r
Mr. DAVIS. I submit a motion to postpone
the further consideration of the subject until to-
morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In regard to the election
of Senators by a State before it has been form-
ally admitted by Congress, the precedents have
settled that question. Senators have been ad-
mitted uniformly from States which have organ-
ized their State governments and elected their
Senators before the State was formally admitted.
Mr. CONNESS. 'Under an enabling act.
Mr. TRUMECJLL. Yes, under an enabling
act. It has been done in numerous cases. The
question has been up once since I have been in
the Senate. However upon original principles it
might have been decided, where the Legislature
of a newly-formed State has elected Senators,
although the election has taken place before the
State was formally admitted, the Senators have
always been admitted to their seats, and the Sen-
ator from Kentucky will find that to be the case
when he looks into the precedents. It has been
uniformly so. Iam not aware, however,whether
the Senators in the present case were elected be-
fore the State was formally in the Union or not,
nor is it material.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator permit me
to explain ?
Mr. JOHNSON. It was after the State was
admitted by the President's proclamation.
Mr. CONNESS. It was after the State was
admitted by the proclamation of the President,
under the enabling act preceding the organiza-
tion.
Mr. TR.UMBULL. It would be immaterial,
according to the uniform practice of the Senate,
whether it was so or not; but it seems in point of
fact the Senators in this instance were elected
after the State was formally admitted. The en-
abling act authorized the President to make proc-
lamation declaring when this State was admitted.
Nevada is a State admitted into the Union under
the authority of Congress.
Mr. CONNESS. That proclamation, I will
state, was issued by the President on the 31st of
October.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am aware that that proc-
lamation has been issued, and by looking at the
law authorizing Nevada to form a State consti-
tution and be admitted into the Union it will be
found that on complying with the provisions of
the law it is made the duty of the President " to
issue his proclamation declaring the State ad-
mitted into the Union on an equal footing with
the original States, without any further action
whatever 011 the part of Congress." There is the
law; there is the act of Congress declaring what
the people of Nevada should do in order to entitle
themselves to become a State of the Union, de-
claring that when these acts were performed it
should be the duty of the President of the United
