THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
States to issue his proclamation making known
the facts,Nand thereupon the State should be ad-
mitted into the Union on an equal footing with
the original States -without any further action
whatever on the part of Congress.
This has been done before. This is not the
iirpt State that has been admitted into the Union
in pursuance of an act of Congress on the proc-
lamation of the President where the facts had
transpired which the act required. There can be
no question, I apprehend, that these Senators are
entitled to be sworn as members of the Senate,
there being no objection to their credentials; I
trust, therefore, the Senator from Kentucky will
not persist in his motion to postpone the swearing
in: of the^gentiemen who have presented them-
selves; and if he does persist in it, 1 think the
Senate ought not to allow the motion to prevail.
It is a question of privilege; the Senators come
here strictly in pursuance of law, and are entitled
to be sworn.
Mr. PAV1S. It is a matter of the utmost in-
difference to me what disposition the Senate
makes of my objection. Still I make the objec-
tion, and I adhere to it. I was aware of the law
which authorized the President to announce by
his proclamation that Nevada was in the Union.
1 believe that that portion of the act of Congress
and that proclamation of the President hau no
legitimate effect whatever. The admission of a
new State into the Union is a congressional act,
and there is no power that can perform that act
but Congress. Congress, according to my prin-
ciple of the Constitution, cannot delegate to the
President of the United States the power to ad-
mit a new State into the Union. It would be as
competent and as regular, in my judgment, for
Congress to delegate to the President the power
to legislate upon an ordinary subject as by its act
to delegate to the President power to admit a
State into the Union.
I know, sir, that this objection will avail noth-
ing; I do not expect it to avail anything; but I
make it merely that it may be upon the lecord.
I assume this further position, that where there
is a plain,constitutional principle, no precedents
can abolish that constitutional principle; I do not
care if they were counted by thousands instead
of by twos and threes. Where the Constitution
prescribes by its express language that new States
shall be admitted into the Union by Congress, I
hold that it is utterly incompetent for Congress
to delegate the power to the President to admit a
State into the Union by his proclamation; that
the State does not and cannot come legitimately
into the Union until and after Congress has passed
a law to thatefTect.
Now, sir, in relation to enabling acts and the
admissions of States that have elected members
of the two Houses under enabling acts before Con-
gress admitted those States into the Union, I hold
that all such precedents are utterly void and in-
operative. 1 he Government of the United States
is not a Government of development; it is not a
Government of precedent in relation to the func-
tions of Congress where those functions are ex-
pressly and by letter declared. When the Con-
stitution provides that Congress shall admit new
States into the Union, whatever precedents there
may be to prove that other modes of admitting
States into the Union than by the legislation of
Congress had been adopted and had'been sanc-
tioned by the action of Congress, those precedents
cannot repeal nor abolish the express provision
of the Constitution, and cannot overrule one of its
principles by force of precedent. I have nothing
more to say in relation to this matter.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, if this were
an original question, I should feel compelled to
differ with the Senator from Kentucky; but it is !
not an original question; it has been more than
once decided by the Senate and by the other
branch of Congress. The Constitution provides,
as we all know, that States may be admitted into
the Union with the assentof Congress; and Con-
gress has heretofore done what was done in this
case, provided that when a constitution shall have
been formed by the people of a Territory it shall
be in the power of the President by proclamation
to state that all the conditions of the enabling act
have been complied with,and that the State itself
is at once a State in the Union. And it has been
the received opinion, I think, of most of the mem-
bers of the profession—there are always differ-
ences of opinion among us; nobody knows that
better than the honorable member from Kentucky
—it has been the received opinion that that is a
mode by which Congress can legitimately assent
to a State's introduction into the Union. What
she can do by herself directly she can do almost
as directly by making the admission of the State
to depend upon the happening of a contingency,
and providing that the President shall by procla-
mation state that the contingency has occurred.
Mr. FOOT, it was done in the case of Mis-
souri.
Mr. JOHNSON. It was done in the case of
Missouri. We are all acquainted with the history
of her admission, and how finally a joint reso-
lution was passed by Congress, March 2, 1821,
which provided for her admission upon a certain
condition to be performed by the people of the
State; and on the 10th of August, 1821, the Presi-
dent issued the proclamation declaung theadmis-
sion of Missouri to be complete according to law.
So in the case of Michigan; although the act
for the admission of Michigan was not passed
by Congress and approved by the President until
January 26, 1837, her first Senators commenced
their term of service by an election on the 10th of
November, 1835,as will be found by reference to
the table of senatorial terms appended to Hiok-
ey's Constitution. So in the case of California;
the State was not admitted until September, 1850;
and immediately upon her admission Senators
were received who had been elected nearly a year
before in anticipation of the admission of the
State. In the enseof Oregon, and in that of Min-
nesota, both recent instances, the Senators were
admitted to their seats on elections which took
place before the act was passed which admitted
the State.
There are these instances, and perhaps others,
where Senators have been elected in advance of
the admission of the State into the Union, either
by Congress directly or by the President's proc-
lamation issued in pursuance of authority in-
vested in him by Congress. They have always
been received without any objection, the admis-
sion of the State by Congress afterward bringing
the State in as a State of the Union from the time
the constitution was adopted by the people; and
as the election of Senators and of Representatives
by the people of those States was of course sub-
sequent to the actual formation of the constitu-
tion, they have been considered as necessarily
included in the action which Congress thereafter
took admitting the States into the Union.
It seems to me therefore very clear,both upon
the point of principle, considering it as an original
question, and upon the ground of authority, that
the honorable members from Nevada are entitled
to admission at once. It is true that my friend
from Kentucky is right in saying that this is a
Government constituted by the organic law itself
and is not a Government of precedents; but it is
equally true in relation to the Constitution as to
any law which may be passed, that what the
proper authorities of the nation have from time
to lime decided is the meaning of the Constitu-
tion is to be received in after times as the mean-
ing, or we shall never know what the Constitution
is. The principle applies equally to proceedings
by Congress itself as it does to cases which may
occur in the courts of the United States or in the
State courts. What is decided to be the meaning
of the Constitution by the competent authority,
and especially if it has been done by a series of
decisions, is ever to be considered as the true
meaning of the Constitution.
The motion to postpone was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senators pro-
posing to qualify will please step forward.
The Senators-elect were conducted to the Yice
President's chair by Mr. Conness, and the oaths
prescribed by lawhavingboen administered to Mr. !
Nye and Mr. Stewart, they took their seats in
the Senate.
Mr. FOOT. I offer the usual resolution pro-
viding for the classification of the two Senators'*
just admitted to their scats:
Resolved, That the Senate proceed to ascertain the
classes in which the Senators from the State of Nevada
shall be inserted, in conformity with the resolution of the
14th of May) 1789, and as the Constitution requires.
The resolution was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. FOOT, it was
Ordered, That the Secretary put into the ballot-box two
papers of equal size, one of which shall be numbered one,
and the other shall be numbered three; each of the Sena-
tors from the State of Nevada shall draw out one paper;
and the Senator who shah diaw out the paper numbered
one shall be inserted in the class of Senators whose term
of service will expire on the 3d day of March, 1809 ; and
the Senator who shall draw out the papfr numbered three
shall be inserted in the class of Senators whose term of
service will expire on the 3d day of March, 1S67.
Two papers were accordingly put into the ballot"
box; the Senators from Nevada advanced to the
Secretary's desk, and each drew one paper. Mr.
Stewart drew the paper numbered one,and was
placed in the class of Senators whose terms will
expire March 3, 1869. Mr. Nye drew the paper
numbered three, and was placed in the class of
Senators whose terms will expire March 3,18G7.
■ REPRESENTATION IN ELECTORAL COLLEGE.
Mr. IIALE. I move now to. take up the res-
olution of inquiry which I submitted yesterday.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to have the res-
olution 1 offered yesterday taken up.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. There is a ques-
tion now before the Senate, and it is extremely
unpleasant to the Chair and not promotive of the
dispatch of business to be continually doing busi-
ness out of order. The joint resolution (H. R.
No. 126) declaring certain States not entitled to
representation in the Electoial College, is before
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole, and the
pending question is on an amendment offered by
the Senator from New Jersey, [Mr. Tlm Eyck ]
and that Senator was upon the floor when inter-
rupted by the proceeding which has just taken
place.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I had said all that I in-
tended to say at this time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we had best dis-
pose of the question under consideration before
passing to any other, it is important to settle at
an early day the mode of counting the votes for
President and Vice President, which, under the
Constitution and laws, are to be opened and can-
vassed a week from to-day in joint session of the
two Houses. It is known probably to every mem-
ber of the Senate that no rules have ever been
adopted for action in that joint convention. I
recollect that in 1856, when Mr. Buchanan was
elected, there was a question in regard to the elec-
toral vote of the State of Wisconsin. The law
lequirea that the electors shall meet aj. the capitals
of their respective States and cast their votes for
President and Vice President on a particular day.
The electors of the State of Wisconsin were pre-
vented by a severe snow storm in that State from
reaching the capital on the day fixed by law to
cast their votes for President and Vice President.
They, however, reached it on the subsequent
day, and cast the vote. When the vote of the
State of Wisconsin was opened in joint session
of the two Houses, the question was immediately
raised, was the vote of that State entitled to be
counted, it not having been east on the day pre-
scribed by law ? and there was no mode of settling
it. Some insisted that that was a question to be
decided by the joint convention then in session
voting per capita> each Senator counting as one
Representative. Others insisted that the Senate
must withdraw, and that no question which should
arise in regard to the counting of a vote could be
settled in any other way than by the concurrent
action of the two Houses,each acting separately.
The matter was finally disposed of, without de-
ciding that question,by declaring that if the vote
of the State of "Wisconsin was counted the total
vote would stand thus and so; and if it was not
counted it would stand thus and so; but that in
either event James Buchanan and John C. Breck-
inridge, whether you counted the vote of Wis-
consin or not, had received a majority of all the
electoral votes, and were therefore declared elected
President and Vice President of the United States.
Now, sir, we are likely to have similar ques-
tions arise when the votes cast at the recent presi-
dential election shall be counted a week from to-
day. It isknown as a matter of public notoriety
in the country that several of the States included
in the President's proclamation of 1861,1 think
Arkansas, Tennessee, and Louisiana, have cast
electoral votes. There is a question as to the
authority of these States to vote for Presidentand
Vice President, m consequence of the insurrection
which prevailed thereon the 8th of November
last, when the election took place, and the House
of Representatives has passed this joint reaolu-
