1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
535
tion declaring that the votes of certain States,
naming them, shall not be counted. This reso-
lution is accompanied with a preamble which the
Committee on the Judiciary have moved to amend,
and now the Senator from New Jersey moves fur-
ther to amend the preamble by striking out the
word "Louisiana," thereby deciding that the
vote of Louisiana shall be counted.
It is a matter of notoriety to the whole coun-
try, and is certainly known to every member of
the Senate, that it will not affect the result one
way or the other whether the vote from Louisiana
be counted or not; hut if we decide to receive the
vote from Louisiana it will be a decision by the
Congress of the United States that the State of
Louisiana was in such a condition as to vote for
President and Vice President on the 8th of No-
vember last.
The Committee on the Judiciary by the amend-
ment they have reported propose to alter the pre-
amble somewhat. The object of this alteration
is to avoid as far as possible any committal upon
the subject which the amendment of the Senator
from New Jersey brings up. The object of the
amendment of the committee is simply to put the
preamble in such form that if it is adopted and
the resolution passed, Congress will not have
decided whether Louisiana is in the Union or out
of the Union, whether she is a State or not a
State. It willbe time enough to decide that ques-
tion when it is presented to us. If our amend-
ment is adopted, we place the resolution upon
the ground that the condition of things on the
8th clay of November last, the day of the presi-
dential electiun, was such in all these States that
no election was held according to the Constitu-
tion and laws of the United States. The pream-
ble, if amended as we propose, will read:
Whorea" tiic inhabitants anil local nnthoiitifs of the
States of Viikiiuu, Noith Caiolina, South Caiolina, Gcm-
gia, Honda. Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Texas, Ai-
kan-as and Tennessee lebclled against the Gov i anient of
the United States, and were in Mich state of lebelhon on
the Sill day ot Novcmbei, 1SG4, that no valid election for
eieetois ot t'lesiilent ami Vice president of the United
States aecoiding to the Constitution and laws thereof was
held thciein on said day.
And therefore it is dcclarcd that the States men-
tioned in the preamble are not entitled to repre-
sentation in the Electoral College. That will be
the form of the preamble if the Senate shall con-
cur in the amendment recommended by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. I10WE. Allow me to inquire of the Sen-
ator if theie is any report from the Committee on
the Judiciary accompanying this joint resolution.
Mr. TR.UM BULL. There is not.
Mr. HOWE. No statement of facts?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No statement of facts.
This is a House resolution, and 1 am not aware
that there was any report accompanying it from
the House committee. There certainly was none
before the committee of this body, and we made
no written repoit on the subject.
Now, sir, in regard to the State of Louisiana,
whatever may be the view of Senators as to the
organization which we understand has been got-
ten up in that State, and although Congress may
perhaps hereafter think proper to recognize that
organization as legitimate, itdoes not necessarily
follow that the condition of things in the State of
Louisiana on the 8th of November last was such
as to authorize us to count the vote cast there for
President and Vice President; and why? It is a
matter of public notoriety known to every child
in the land, that a large portion of the State of
Louisiana on the 8th of November last was in the
possession of a hostile enemy. Theie was no
opportunity to vote for President and Vice Presi-
dent in a very considerable portion of that State;
and it might be a very serious question whether
when the half of a State or the third of a State
vAis overrun by an enemy, an election held under
such circumstanccs and under theauspices of our
own guns, would be an election which would au-
thorize the Congress of the United States when
in joint convention it comes to canvass the votes
for President and Vice president, to count votes
cast under such circumstances.
In our action on this question I do not mean to
commit the Senate one way or the other in regard
to the organization winch has been gotten up in
the State of Louisiana; and it was with .that very
view that the committee moved to amend the pre-
amble I trust that the State of Louisiana will
not be stricken out. I think if we strike that out
and decide to receive the electoral vote cast in that
State on the 8th of November last, we do decide
directly that there was a State government there,
and that there was an election for electors for Pres-
ident and Vice President in accordance with the
Constitution and laws of the United States. Now,
I do not believe that. I think such was not the
fact. There could be no election according to the
laws and Constitution of the United States in the
State of Louisiana when a very considerable por-
tion of that State was overrun by the enemy, and
the legal voters had no opportunity to vote one
way or the other. I am not advised how many
votes were east at the election on the 8th of No-
vember. No evidence has been submitted show-
ing how many were cast.
Again, sir, the President of the United States,
in pursuance of an act of Congress declared the in-
habitants of the State of Louisiana to be in a state of
insurrection against the Government of the Uni-
ted States. We passed a law authorizing him to
issue the proclamation declaring that fact. In
pursuance of the law the proclamation was issued.
That proclamation has never been recalled. Ac-
cording to the law of the land, according to the
proclamation of the President, the inhabitants of
the State of Louisiana are to-day in a state of in-
surrection against the Government of the United
States. Can you receive a vote cast by the in-
habitants of a State for Chief Magistrate of the
Union, when your own laws declare and your
executive proclamation declare a that they oie in
a state of insurrection against theGovernmentof
the United States? Sir, until there shall be some
action by Congress recognizing the organization
which has been setup m Louisiana, we ought not
in my judgment to ooiuit electoral votes from that
State. W hether we shall recognize that organi-
zation or not, 1 will not undertake to say. We
have notdone so yet; and until we do it we ought
not to count the electoral vote. I trust, therelbie,
that the amendment of the Seuatoi from New Jer-
sey will not prevail.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I am aware, sir, that this
is a very delicate and important question, and it
was with a great deal of diffidence that I under-
took to propose an amendment to the resolution.
I know il\at questions of such grave important as
the oiie now before the Senate ought to he con-
sidered calmly and coolly, and upon a great deal
of reflection, and perhaps the wisest course m
geneial would be to remain quiet, rather than to
throw before the Senate fur its hasty considera-
tion a matter of such vital importance. But, sir,
I hold to the doctrine that none of these Slates
can be out of the Union; that having taken up
their lot and part with their sister States at the
time they were admitted into the Union, they are
not now legally out of the Union; their govern-
ments have been in abeyance; they have been
overrun by the feet of hostile armies, and many
of their citizens have by usurpation and in viola-
tion of their duty to their fellow-men and to their
God attempted to carry these States out of the
Union.
That being my opinion, whenever the testi-
mony is furnished to my mind that these States
thus in the Union have, by the aid of the Gen-
eral Government, or by the efforts of their own
people, or by the act of both combined, reestab-
lished themselves, so to speak, or set their State
governments in action anew and have commenced
again to revolve in their old oibits, I shall leel it
to be my duty, so far as I am concerned, to extend
to them all the privilegesand all the rights which
the loyal people of a loyal State are entitled to at
the hands of their.sister States, whether upon this
floor or any where else. It was simply in tnat view
and aspect of the ease that I made the motion to
amend the preamble of this joint resolution, for
the purpose of excluding from the operation and
effect of the resolution the State of Louisiana,
judging and believing fiom the testimony which
is notorious throughout the country, and which
has come to the knowledge, I apprehend, of the
Senate through various channels, that the pres-
ent condition of the SLatc ot Louisiana is such as
I have just stated. 1 can well see that there is a
propriety in passing some such joint resolution
as this in relation to States that are manifestly in
the condition alluded to in its preamble; States
that are in rebellion or such a condition of rebel-
lion as that no election could be held or was held
for the purposes that are requisite to establish
them as a State; States that are not in the exer-
cise of the ordinary constitutional, powers of a
State. _ • • '
The chairman of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary states that it was the desire of a majorityof
the committee to avoid a committal on this sub-
ject. It would not perhaps be amiss to insist
that a committal shall not be had against the in-
terest of the State any more than in its favor. The
Senator says that the adoption of the amendment
proposed by myself will be a declaration by Con-
gress that the State of Louisiana was in a condi-
tion to perform all the functions of a State gov-
ernment and to appointState officersand Senators
and members of the national House of Repre-
sentatives. I admit that thatquestion isinvolved
in this amendment; but the same question is in-
volved in the resolution, and it will be determined
against the State if this joint resolution passes aa
it stands, for you will then decide that this State
is now, this day, in a state of rebellion such as
to deprive it of all the powers, rights, and privi-
leges of the State of Louisiana. I am not pre-
pared to go to that extent.
Now, sir, what is the present condition of that
State, so far as it regards the question of its being
in a state of rebellion? According to the bestin-
fonnation that can be derived from various sources,
from the action of the State itself, from various
memoiials, papers, and documents that have
come into the possession of the Senate and have
been published by its order, it appears that nearly
a year ago, or perhaps quite a*year ago, an elec-
tion was held m Louisiana for Slate officers, and
a very large number of votes were cast at that
election, about two thirds or approximating to
two-thirds of the largest number of voles that had
been cast at any former election for State officers
in the State.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator is certainly
under a misapprehension with reference to the
statements we received in committee. No such
vote as that has been cast. There may have been
perhaps two thirds of the former votes of those
localities that voted, but not two thirds of the
vote of the State.
Mr. TEN EYCK. There were eleven thou-
sand (our hundred and fourteen votes cast at that
election.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There have been upward
of fifty thousand votes cast in the State.
Mr. TEN EYCK. It was stated that a large
number of the lormer voters had gone into rebel-
lion! or the rebel army, and a great many had been
killed. I may be m errorin relation to the state-
ment as to the number of votes cast in the whole
State. This election of which I now speak, to-
gether with the election for members of a consti-
tutional convention, and all the other elections
in the State, were free and uninterrupted, without
the interference of any military control whatever.
Indeed, it has been stated by a person who was
upon the ground-and whose attention was called
to it, that " no effort whatever was made on the
part of the military authorities to influence the
citizens of the State, either in the selection of can-
didates or in the election of officers, and that the
direct influence of the Government of the United
States was less in Louisiana than in the elections
probably of any Stute of the Union; that the of-
ficers representing the Government, both civil
and military, were divided, so far as they en-
tertained or expressed opinions, on the question
of candidates and upon the policy pursued in the
organization of the Government.'
It seems that here was an 'election held by the
people of that Slate, and there have been since
several elections held by those people for several
purposes, and if any military influence was ex-
erted it was meiely in aid of them, and that the
civil authority was not at all in subordination to
the military.
Under these circumstances, and in view of the
invitation that has been held out by the Govern-
ment to all the loyal people of these States to
come back and endeavor to organize themselves
anew, when the loyal people who have come
through the fire and blood of this contest, and
gained sufficient stiength to present themselves
civilly and quietly at the ballot to choose their
own State officers and to choose delegates to form
a new State constitution, and when they claim the
rights of other States, are they to be met by the
