1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im:
Congress was asked to divert annuities which
■were du<3 to the hostile Indians under former
treaties to the use of these refugees, amounting
to some two hundred and fifty or two hundred
and sixty thousand dollars per annum, it was
believed that that amount would be sufficient in
addition to the regular annuities paid to these
tribes them.selvesand what subsistence they might
be able to derive from their own herds, for'some
of them were known to be owners of herds of
cattle. Since then it has been found necessary,
as it seems from the report of the superintendent
of Indian affairs in that country, to expend a vastly
larger sum of money. 1 think we have expended
atleast three quarters of a million of dollars during
the last year, and the estimates now before the
Senate for the residue of the present fiscal year
amount to some six hundred thousand dollars, 1
think, and,for tl)e coming fiscal year about eight
hundred thousand dollars. I must be frank and
say that 1 do not believe that any such sum of
money ever was or is now necessary; I cannot
figure up any such result from any elements that
1 have been able to collect; and I therefore am not
averse to turning this matter over to the War
Department. It will not be necessary for the
superintendent of Indian affairs for that district
and the agents to come home. They will still
have control of the regular annuities and the
$200,000 which has been diverted from year to
year from the hostile portion of these tribes, and
they might, as I believe,derive a very large pro-
portion of the support of these Indians ffom their
own cattle.
I must say, Mr. President, that I believe nearly
the whole of the amount necessary for the sub-
sistence of these Indians might be derived from
their own herds. I was told when I was in Kan-
sas last autumn that there probably had been
during the preceding two years driven from the
Indian country not less than sixty thousand head
of beef cattle. One of the Senators from Kansas
in private conversation—I am almost sure he will
not object to my warning it—says that the esti-
mate is entirely too low, that in his opinion the
number of cattle driven out will not fall short of
one hundred thousand head.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. And I will inquire of my
friend if those cattle did not really belong to these
Indians. Have not those cattle gone to the use
of the Army of the United States ?
Mr. HARLAN. I think some of them have.
Perhaps I ought not to utter a mere belief with-
out proof, but still I do believe that a large num-
ber of' these cattle have been taken from the
Indians by contractors and sold to the quarter-
masters, and a large number of them have been
bought at nominal sums, and stolen and driven
out through Kansas, and sold on private account.
1 have no doubt of this. I am therefore not
averse to putting this whole matter for the time
being, so far as the application of extra means is
concerned; into the hands of the Secretory of
War. As I understand, it is merely a temporary
matter for the residue of the present fiscal year.
I would suggest to my friend, the Senator from
Missouri, that 1 think an additional sum prob-
pbljt would be necessary for clothing, but I leave
thatVi the wisdom of the Senate.
' Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The Legislature of
our State has just got through investigating this
question of cattle stealing from the Indian Ter-
ritory,and I desire to say to the Senator from
Iowa that the people of ICansas denounce that
practice as vindictively as he can. Our Legisla-
ture unanimously passed a resolution denouncing
it as demoralizing to our own people. They es-
timate the number of head of cattle taken from
the Indians, not by Kansas men, but by the em-
ployes of the General Government, at one hun-
dred thousand within the last two years.
I desire, and I hope I have the ear of the Sen-
ator from Missouri, to state a fact that perhaps
he is not aware of. Recently the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to enable the heads of these Indian
families to become self-sustaining, has requested
the War Department to muster out of service the
Indian regiments, and they are probably by this
time ordered to be mustered out. The Senate
Should understand that these fifteen thousand In-
dians are now cooped up around Fort Gibson
Covcrod by the guns Of that fort, and unless some
provision is mfi.de thely must starve) and starve to
death; we may look it in the face, they will starve
to death. The Committee on Indian Affairs, of
which I form a part, have recommended to the Sen-
ate $500,000 for the first six months and §250,000
for the fiscal year thereafter, hoping that the Sen-
ate will pass the territorial bill now pending be-
fore this body, and through that territorial govern-
ment moke these Indians self-sustaining.
One other suggestion and I have done. The
Indian Committee in moting this amendment have
estimated the ration at about twelve cents on the
average—twelve cents per head each day for the
Indians. If you turn them over to the War De-
partment they will issue to each Indian a ration,
and that ration will cost the Government from
thirty to fifty cents for each Indian. As a matter
of economy I think it would be much better to
allow them to remain in the custody of the-lndian
Department. I think you will save a large sum
of money by permitting them to remain in the
Indian Department.
Mr. POMEROY. I understand theamendment
of the Senator from Missouri as a substitute for
the pendingamendment of the Senatorfrom Wis-
consin to mean that the War Department shall
take into custody and meet the expense of these
Indians for the residue of this fiscal year. I hope
that is not urged on the score of economy. If that
amendment is to be urged, let it be on some other
ground, for I think there is hardly n Senator who
has not seen the wasteful and profligate manner
that the War Department undertakes to do any-
thing, much less to feed and take care of Indian
women and children. I submit to the Senator
from Missouri that it seems to me it can hardly
be urged in good faith that the women and children
of these tribes should be thrown on the War De-
partment. I would ask, what has the War Depart-
ment done that it is to bo charged with such an
incumbrance as this in a time of war? The con-
tracts for the quartermaster's department in my
State have been as high as $2 03 a bushel for corn
this year, and yet, as the Senator from Iowa says,
it was purchased by private parties out there for
$1 50. Then think of assigning officers of the
Army and the volunteers to this service, distrib-
uting food to the Indians. The proposition either
means that these Indians are not to be taken care
of, that they are to bo left without care, or else
that they are to have the most profligate and ex-
pensive system that was ever inaugurated. I
venture to say that if the care of these Indiana is
undertaken by the War Department, $3,000,000
in its hands will not go as far as the $750,000 pro-
posed by the committee to be expended by the
Indian department. The Indian department has
machinery organized for this purpose. The War
department must inaugurate an organization at
great expense.
So far as I am concerned, the only feeling or
interest I have in this matter is on the score of
economy and philanthropy, for it is really a ques-
tion of philanthropy to some extent. These poor
people are dependent, helpless wards. They are
on the hands of the Government. The only ques-
tion is whether you will turn them over to the
tender mercies of the War Department or allow
them to be taken care of in the manner they have
been taken care of for the last two years. 1 think
every Senator who reflects candidly on the sub-
ject will never vote for this amendment of the
Senator from Missouri on the score of economy.
I do not think the War Department can manage
a philanthropic enterprise any better than a De-
partment inaugurated partly for the purpose. For
one, I cannot vote for the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Missouri, and 1 hardly think it could
have been offered in good faith cither to the In-
dians or to the economy of the Government.
Mr. BROWN. 1 con assure the Senator from
Kansas that it was offered in good faith, and it
was offered believing thatit would resultin agreat
economy to the Government. I believe the fact
to be-that very little relief will be needed for these
Indian tribes'from this time forth until Congress
shall assemble again. I believe that the cases of
destitution and starvation of which Senators apeak
will be exceptional, will be cases that occur in
consequence of the immediate presence of hostil-
ities, and that those cases can be better judged
of by the War Department through its officers
operating on the spot than they can be here at
a long distance with contracts!! being made in
advance for supplying these Indians from day tsi
day, to the tune of fifteen thousand, with rations
ana clothing. Mo not believe that it will be necei^
sary to issue rations to these Indians any more
than I believe it will be necessary to issue ratitfhs
to the -wives and children of onr aoldiers engaged
in our armies to-day. At all events the ""W&t
Department, which is most in need of money
of all the other branches of the GovsrntoeBt,
which is most desirous of using it for warlike
purposes, will see that they are protected fro,rrt
invasion, and that their cattle and other perqui-
sites are appropriated to the proper use, which it
is said is not no w done under the protection of the
Indian department; and the result of it will be
that instead of having §750,000 expended, and
propably §100,000 of it reaching the Indians ill
the shape of relief, you will probably not expend
over $50,000, perhaps not over $10,000, and that
will be administered exactly where it may be ne -
cessary. It is for this reason that 1 have offered
tjje amendment, believing that if it isaeaBe of des-
titution which may occur the War Department
is better capable of judging of it, and better ca-
pable of administering relief on the spot than thi«
system, which proposes to putthem on the bounty
of the nation and keep them there all 'the year
round with a premium on doing nothing.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I should like-16 ask
the Senator from Missouri a question before We
takes his seat. How are these fifteen thousand
Indians to become self-sustaining if it is tfue that
they are cooped up around Fort Gibson, within
the range of the guns of that fort? And I desire
him to answer me another question. A few
months ago this War Department made an o.rdet
to evacuate Fort Smith and Fort Gibson, which
would have turned over these helpless wonieji
and children to massacre. That order, hti Is
aware, was suspended by the prayers of the In-
dian Bureau. Now, I ask him as a philanthro-
pist, as a man of feeling and heart, how he can,
with that knowledge before him,hand these help-
less women and children over to that Department?
Mr. BROWN. I will say, in answer, that if
the War Department see fit to evacuate any por-
tion of the country I presume it.will be done for .
sound and substantial military reasons; and until
it does that thing, and presents those reasons, I
am not here to prejudge it. But I will say that
if it should do such a thing the wives atia chil;-
dren of my constituents will be entitled to just as
much relief as these Indian tribes whom it is now
proposed to pension upon the Government.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The Government of
the United States had military officers at Fort
Gibson. This order was made here without-a
knowledgo that these starving Indians were de-
pendent upon those officers and soldiers for pro-
tection; and it was not until the attention pf tlie
proper officials here waa called to it that they were
aware of the fact. 1 have as much confidence in
the head of the War Department as in any officer
of this Government; but I am confident that it
requires a Departmentframed to deal with Indians
to manage their affairscorrectly; and if the Indian
department is not as we desire we shall soon
have an opportunity for a new deal, and we can
have officers who will treat the Indians in a
proper, honest, and philanthropic mariner. I ask
for the yeas and nays on the amendment to the
amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and -being
taken, resulted—yeas 16, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Cowaif, Farwell,
Foot, Foster, Grime?, Ilarlan, Howard, Lane of Indiana,
Nye, Sherman, tiltmuer, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, and Wit-
son— I
NAYS — Messrs. Bnckalew, Clark, Dixon, Doolittle,
Harris, Howe, Lane of Kansas, Morrill, Nesmith, Pom-
croy, Powell, Ramsey, Wilkinson, and Willey—14.
AUSUNT—Messrs. Carliln, Chandler, Collamer, Con-
ness, Davis, Hale, Harding, Henderson, Hendricks, John-
son, MeDougali, Morgan, Ilichardson, Itiddle Saulsbury,
Sprague, Stewart, Van Winkle, Wade, and Wright—SO.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment as
amended.  
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I inquire whether the
form of the amendment as it now stands is such
that the War Department can supply these In-
dians with clothing; if not, I want to h y« it 00
amended.
