THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
.'iftai that upon certain out-bounds of the State
there stiH may be the tread of rebel feet? Why,
■Ear,,it appears by all the testimony that the pop-
ulation and business and property of the State
of Louisiana are confined to the cities and dis-
tricts of country immediately bordering upon the
river, and that the residue of the State is very
. sparsely settled indeed, with very few inhabitants,
cuch portion of the country as is not submerged
eby woSer being used for planting purposes, and
that the property and population are condensed
wiOhinvery smallspaces which are within the con-
trol of the United States and the loyal people of
that State whose anxiety and desire is to return
-to the United States Government and to support
it and its authority.
, Sir,-J could have desired that the people of this
•State should have a much more able and earnest
i advocate than 1 am; but under the circumstances
•I have felt it my duty to raise the question.
iMr, POWELL. If the Senator will allow me,
I desire to ask him a question.
. Mr.TENEYCIt. I shall conclude presently,
■ and then 1 shall be happy to answer your ques-
tions if it be in my power. The chairman of the
Committee on the Judiciary has stated that there
was no evidence as to how many votes were cast
at the election for electors of President and Vice
President of the United States. Why, sir, the
electors of President and Vice President were
chosen by the members of the Legislature in ac-
cordance with a law passed by themselves for that
,-purpose,fixing a day for that election bya prior
"vote. In consequence of the authority contained
in that law the election was held. I believe it is
mot illegal on account of its having been held in
*hat way, although that course has not been usual
'for many years.
Another objection is made on the ground that
the President of the United States has declared
this State to be in a condition of insurrection and
rebellion, and therefore all its acts tending to-
ward a return to the Union are to be disregarded
•until the President shull withdraw his proclama-
tion. If that be the test and criterion, all that
the Executive has to do, or if wc had been so
unfortunate as to fail in the reelection of the pres-
ent incumbent of the presidential chair, and his
antagonist had been elccted, and he should see fit
to refuse to withdraw the proclamation declar-
ing a State to be in insurrection, he could keep a
State thus circumstanced and thus situated for
all- time, or at least during the whole period of
his administration, from returning to the Union,
although every individual soul within its limits
Might bo desirous and anxious to return to their
ancient loyalty.
Sir, 1 do not mean to continue this discussion;
it is most important in its consequences; but it
appeared to me that we were in danger of com-
mitting ourselves to a policy that will be more
injurious to us by excluding the vote of the Slate
of Louisiana, as is proposed, than by admitting
it. Having said thus much, 1 submit the amend-
ment to the better judgment and discretion of the
Senate without intending to prolong the debate.
Mr. HOWE. As 1 propose to vote for the
amendment moved by the Senator from New Jer-
say, and as the reasons which will control my vote
are widely different from those which he has
stated as controlling his own, perhaps the Senate
will pardon me a very few minutes in stating
what my own views are.
' I shall vote to strikeout the State of Louisiana
from this preamble and resolution, and in doing so
X am not controlled at all by the consideration of
-how many citizens of Louisiana participated in
that election in the choice of electors. I am gov-
erned by the single fact that a statute of your own,
existing at the time of that election, declared that
the people of that State had the right to choose
electors, and that certain of them did participate
in making that choice. The Senator from Illinois
says but a small portion of the people of the State
•participated in that choice. Your statute said
that all might. Does the refusal of a large por-
tion or a small portion of the people of a State to
participate in an election deprive the minority, if
'you, please, no matter how small, of their right
-under your statute ? If the refusal of any portion
or the inability of any portion of the people to
participate in an election deprives the remainder
-of the right they have under existing laws, tell
.me what is the number whose disability or whose
neglect or whose refusal imposes this disfran-
chisement on the residue? Is it a majority? Is it
the people of half the State ? Is it the people of
ten counties? Is it the people of a single county ?
My own idea about it is, that when the existing
law gives to the people of a particular locality a
right, that right is to be exercised, in the absence
of local restrictions, by just so many of the people
as see fit to participate in it.
There is one fact, Mr. President, which existed
in the State of Louisiana, which exists in the
State of Virginia, and in South Carolina, and each
one of the seceded States, which, in my judg-
ment, has authorized the Congress of the tlnited
States to repeal that act which gave those people
the right to participate in the choice of a Presi-
dent, and to participate in the legislation of the
United States. It authorized the Congress of the
United States to repeal that law, and authorized
nobody else. That fact, which I think conferred
that authority upon us, is the fact of a rebellion,
which (although we are told over and over again
that it did not take the State of Louisiana, or any
of those States out of the Union) did destroy
every semblance of an American State. I know
it did not take the territory out of the Union, out
of the rightful jurisdiction of the United States,
but that rebellion was just as fatal to any such
thing as an American State, as Louisiana had
been, as a bullet through the heart would be fatal
to the man. There is the form of a man, but the
life of the man is not there; it is a carcass. To
have an American State you must have a com-
munity not only with governors and legislators
and local courts, but you must have a community
interlaced, as it were, with national tribunals and
organization; you must have a community in
which Federal courts and'Federal organs, col-
lectors, and postmasters, and the like, exist, and
are allowed to act; and when these Federal organs
are destroyed, that State, as an American Slate,
within the definition of the Constitution, is ended.
I do not care whether you call it out of the Union
or in, an American State is not there; and when
that happens, inasmuch as it is obligatory on you
who wield national authority to furnish govern-
ment of some kind for all your people, 1 think
the event has happened (anu I have said so once
in reference to the State of Arkansas) wlijcli not
only authorizes you, but in some sort demands
of you that you step in and furnish a government,
and a civil government, for the community so
placed. Hitherto wc have refused to do that, and
the law, as it stood on your statute-book in No-
vember last, authorized these people to participate
in the choice of a President. Someofthem,! do
not care whether a dozen or fifty, did participate,
and I think it is too late to disfranchise them.
I shall vote for the amendment proposed by the
Senator from New Jersey, because 1 understand
that Louisiana did make choice of electors. I
understand that two other States havcalso chosen
electois. I should vote foranamendment to strike
them out of the resolution. It is no time, and I
have no disposition to argue the question; I simply
wished to occupy the time of the Senate long
enough to state, so far as there was a difference
between the views which governed my action and
those which have been laid down by the Senator
from New Jersey, that difference.
Mr. TllUMBULL. The Senator from New
Jersey seems to suppose that a refusal to count
the electoral vote from Louisiana settles the ques-
tion just as much against the present State organ-
ization in Louisiana as the counting of the vote
would settle the question in favor of that State
organization. Cannot the Senator from New
Jersey conceive of a case where a State might be
perfect in all its State organization and yet its
electoral vote he rejected ? Then it does not de-
cide it so completely. Here was a case from
Wisconsin, Nobody supposed that the State of
Wisconsin had not a right to vote for President;
but there were many who supposed that her vote,
not being in accordance with law, not being cast
at the proper time, ought not to be counted. I
will not undertake to say who was right in refer-
ence to it; but, if we had refused to count that
vote, we should not thereby have decided that
there was no such State as Wisconsin.
Mr. TEN EYCK. That might be a perfect
answer to what I suggested on this subject, if the
reason were not assigned in the preamble why
these electoral votes should not be counted. The
reason assigned in the preamble, as I understand
it, is that the State is in such a condition of rebel-
lion that no election could be had. I said that
passing this resolution with that preamble would
establish,so far as Congress could establish that
fact, the status of Louisiana before the country
and before the civilized world.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 think it would establish
no such principle. A civil commotion or insur-
rection might exist among the people of a State,
so that no election could'be held, and yet the
State organization might not be questioned by any-
body. The State organization might bo loyal and
true to the Union, notwithstanding a foreign
enemy had come into Louisiana; and I will put
that case as a complete answer to the Senator's
suggestion. Suppose this had been a foreign war,
and a foreign enemy had taken possession of the
State of Louisiana, and held such possession that
no election could be held throughout the State. I
want to know if the Senator from New Jersey
would count the electoral vote from that Stale
when not twenty men could have assembled m the
State and voted for President and Vice President?
If we so decided, would that say that the organi-
zation of the State of Louisiana was not to be
recognized, and was repudiated?
The preamble to the resolution states (and that
was the objcct of amending it) first the fact that
the inhabitants and local authorities of certain
States were in a Slate of insurrection. Does the
Senator from New Jersey doubt that' Does lie
propose to count the vote from South Carolina?
Why not? Because it is in a state of insurrec-
tion, I suppose. That was once the condition of
Louisiana. Then what other fact is stated ?
That such a state of things existed on the 8th day
of November, 1864, that no valid election accord-
ing to the laws and Constitution of the United
States could be held in the State. We do not
decide that the State organization which has been
inaugurated there may not be a valid one. We
meet that question, and will have to meet it when
we come to investigate the right to seats of the
gentlemen who have, presented themselves here
as Senators from the State of Louisiana. We
may admit those gentlemen to seats, and yet such
a state of things may have existed in Louisiana
on the day of the election in November last as
would not authorize us to count the electoral vote
of that State. 1 think, therefore, the Senator is
mistaken in supposing that we dccide as much by
excluding the vote as we do by receiving it. If
we receive the electoral vote of Louisiana, we do
decide that she was in a condition to cast her
electoral vote at that time, that she had her State
government, and that an election was held there
in pursuance to the laws and Constitution of the
United States.
Now let me say a word m reply to what was said
by the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Howe,]
who 1 am sorry is not in his seat. • He says he
is for receiving the vote of the State of Louisiana
because your statute said the people should have
the right to vote. I would like to see the stat-
ute that said the people of Louisiana had a right
to vote at the last presidential election. I can
show the Senator the statute of the Congress of
the United States that says that the President
should have authority to declare, in an existing
state of facts, the inhabitants of certain States in
insurrection against the Government of the United
States; and if there is any statute authorizing the
people of a State to vote for President of the United
States, this act, so far as it is inconsistent with it,
repeals it; it is the last law on the subject; and in
pursuance of this act of Congress the President
has issued his proclamation and has said that the
inhabitants of the State of Louisiana were in a
state of insurrection against the Government of
the United States.
But, says the Senator from New Jersey, lias
Congress, then, put it out of its power ever to re-
instate these States in their proper position toward
the Federal Government, and does it depend upon
the recalling by the President of the United Slates
of his proclamation? By no means. Congress
may repeal the law under which the President is-
sued his proclamation, and then what becomes of
the proclamation based upon the law? Suppose
some person were elected President who desired
unjustly to keep these States from representation
in the Congress of the United States, or from vot-
ing at a presidential elcctio-n, and.refuscd to recall
