1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
his proclamation when the insurrection was sup-
pressed and the rebellion put down; Congress
has only to repeal the law by virtue of which the
President issued his proclamation, and the proc-
lamation falls. There is nothing in that position.
The Senator from Wisconsin asks, is the re-
fusal of a portion of the people to vote to be a
reason for not receiving the vote of a State? Not
at all; but I will tell you what is a reason for re-
fusing the vote of a State: when the people of
that State have had no opportunity to vote. That
is the question. Have the people of Louisiana
—and is there aSenator who believes they have—
had an opportunity to vote, unrestrained by mil-
•jtary authority, unawed by hostile armies, for
Presidentand ViccPresidentoftheUnited States?
Does the Senator from New Jersey believe it? If
a large portion of the inhabitants of any State of
this Union have had no opportunity to vote, I
want to know if the vote of a township or a
county shall be taken as a vote of a State for
President? The refusal to vote when they had
an opportunity would be no reason for excluding
the vote of a State; but the want of opportunity
to vote and to exercise the franchise to which the
inhabitants of a State are entitled would be a
reason for not receiving the vote of the balance.
I am not furnished with the facts in regard to
the number of votes cast in Louisiana at the pres-
idential election; but I know, generally, that a
large portion of the State of Louisiana in territo-
rial extent, I think I may say three fourths of
the State, on the 8th of November last, was in the
possession of the enemies of the United States,
and no person could have cast a vote within thut
jurisdiction. The largest vote ever cast there
under any of these organizations was some eleven
or twelve thousand, while the vote of the State,
when all her legal voters had the privilege of going
to the polls, was more than sixty thousand.
Mr. TEN EYCIt. Fifty-one thousand, I can
state to the Senator, was the highest vote ever
cast, and the average vote of the State was thirty-
four thousand.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I thought it was sixty
thousand.
Mr. TEN" EYCIC. No, sir; the highest vote
ever cast was fifty-one thousand, and the average
was thirty-four thousand.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It may be so; I have not
the figures before me; but eleven or twelve thou-
sand is but a small part of fifty-one thousand.
But, sir, I do not place it upon that ground. I
should agree entirely with the Senator from Wis-
consin if his facts were right; if the voters of
Louisiana had the opportunity to vote, the refusal
of a portion to vote constitutes no reason why
the vote of the State should not be received.
But, sir, I do not desuo to prolong the debate.
I do not, at this stage, want to go into a discussion
of the question, and we are not yet prepared to
act upon the question as to the organization in
the State of Louisiana. There are many facts
connected with the settlement of that question,
and we are not fully advised as to the facts. The
Committee on the Judiciary has been considering
it, and has bestowed much attention upon it.
But here is a question that is pressed upon us
at once, that must be decided within the week.
However the question of the State organization
of Louisiana may ultimately be decided, (which
I do not wish to prejudge; about which at this
time I wish to express no opinion,) the Committee
on the Judiciary thought it was proper to concur
in the resolution of the House of Representatives,
and not count the electoral vote from the State of
Louisiana, J trust the Senate will concur in the
resolution and settle this question, and avoid any
difficulty in canvassing the vote, without com-
mitting ourselves one way or the other as to the
ultimate decision in regard to the organization
which has beeninauguiated in the State of Louis-
iana.
Mr. HARRIS. I think it is to be very much
regretted, Mr. President, that this question, which
affects the admission of the members of Congress
from Louisiana to both Houses, should be thus
incidentally brought before the Senate. I would
"much prefer to have the same course adopted by
Congress in counting these votes which it is said
was adopted in the case of Wisconsin at a pre-
vious election. Wc all know that whether the
votes of these States, Louisiana, Arkansas, and
Tennessee, arc counted or not, it will not affect
the result. It was so in the case of Wisconsin.
It seems to me it would be far better to say in this
case, as was said then, " If we count the votes of
these States the numberof votes for Mr. Lincoln
and Mr. Johnson wili be so many; if we reject
these votes the number of votes will be so many;
and in either case these candidates are elected;,,
and thus pass over this question.
Sir,the morel reflect upon it the morcdifiiculty
I see in the way of adopting any such resolution
as this. It was not discussed in the committee;
but my reflection has led me to think there is.
great importance in the question; that it is a very
giave question. I ask the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, what right has Congress
to say by a resolution passed by a majority of
each House that the State of New York shall not
be represented in counting these votes? Why may
you not include in the preamble to this resolution,
and in the resolution itself, the State of New York
as well as these other States? I ask the chairman
of the committee to tell me how he can distinguish
between them. If Congress has the power to de-
clare that Louisiana shall not vote, why has it not
the power to declare that New York ahull not
vote? It seems to me that is a very serious ques-
tion. There is no need of settling such a question
here. Wccan pass over it withoutany difficulty
in the case.
But, sir, I did not rise to discuss tlmtquestion.
I am opposed to the preamble to this resolution.
I do not like it. In my judgment, it is not true.
I admit that the rebel States have been declared
to be in a state of insurrection, and the fust clause
of the preamble is true; the inhabitants and the
local authorities of those States have been in a
state of insurrection; but are the local authori-
ties m Louisiana and Tennessee and Arkansas
now in insurrection? I deny it. Who are the
local authoiities of Louisiana? I insist that they
are those authorities that have been put in power
by the proceedings under the Federal Govern-
ment. 1 understand that Michael Ilahn is the
Governor of that State, and that they have a Le-
gislature elected by the loyal people of that State;
and if that be so, then it i$not tiuc that on the
8th of November last the local authorities of that
State were in a state of armed rebellion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The Senator from New York will
suspend his remarks. The hour of two o'clock
having arrived, that being the hour fixed for the
consideration of a special order, in pursuance of
that special order the galleries will be cleared, and
the Senate will proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
executive business; and after some time spent
therein the doors were reopened, and the Senate
adjourned.   
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 1, 1865.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Channing.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Treasurer ot the United
States, transmitting an adjusted account of the
Treasurer of the United States for service in the
Post Office Department for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1864; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. STEELE, of New Jersey, from the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills, reported that the com-
mittee had examined and found truly enrolled a
joint resolution (S. No. 16) submitting to the
Legislatures of the several States a proposition to
amend the Constitution of the United States; when
the Speaker signed the same.
AGRICULTURAL REPORT.
Mr. CLAY, by unanimous consent, introduced
the following resolution:
Resolved, Thut the Public Printer be, and he is hereby,
to print fifteen liion-.uul t-wra copies of tho Agri-
cultural Report 101 the year J 53, for the benefit and useot
tltc Aanculuua! Department.
Mr. CLAY. I ask that that resolution be re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. HOLM AN. I would Ulce to* ask wMt
number has already been printed far th$ use "of
that Department. - - '
Mr. CLAY. I am not positive; but.ten.thou-
sand, I suppose. • , i
No objection being made, the resolution was
received, and referred to "the Committee on Print-
ing-
NIAGARA 8QIP-0ANA.Ii.
Mr. SPALDING called for the tegular order of
business.
_ The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the consideration of the bill (H'. R. No. 12f>)
to construct a ship-canal around the falls of Ni-
agara, which was postponed, to and made the
special order of the day for to-day, after tile read-
ing of the Journal, and from day to day until
disposed of. To this bill the gentleman from
Now York [Mr. Littlejoiin] has submitted an
amendment, in the nature of a substitute. The
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Arnold] has moved
to amend the amendment by adding various sec-
tions in relation to the Illinois ship-canal. The
question is upon tho amendment to the amend-
ment. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spalding]
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Speaker, the war of
the " great rebellion" has continued so long,and
has taxed so heavily all our sympathies, as well
as our national resources, that we seem to have
acquired a morbid appetite for " feats of arms,"
and to have lost our relish for the achievements
of the civic arts, forgetting that—
" Teaee lintli tier victories
No less renowned than war."
Sir, there is no one thing that has impressed
my mind with such sublime conceptions of the
dignity and power of the United States, and of
the ultimate ability of the Government to vanquish
oil its enemies, as tho great fact that " the chisel
of the sculptor" has not ceased to resound in the
porticosof the Capitol,notwithstanding thousands
upon thousands of armed foes have fought and
fallen in their repeated assaults upon the majestic
unity of the Republic.
On the present occasion I invoke the attention
of the House while we consider a question which,
while it lacks the thrilling interest that attaches
to the maintenance and support of armies and
navies, their successes and reverses, still is des-
tined to have for all time a most distinguished
influence upon our growth and prosperity as a
people, by the grace of God,and the wisdom and
valor of our sons, " free and independent."
Mr. Speaker, on the 13th day of January of
last year I had the honor, m obedience to the re-
quest of my constituents, to introduce in this
House a bill to constructa ship-canal around the
falls of Niagara. That bill has, by sundry con-
tinuances, been brought to the present time as the
special order of the day, in connection with the
substitute proposed by the gentleman from New
Yoik, [Mr. Littlejoiin,] and the amendment to
the substitute proposed by the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Arnold.] I desire to speak mainly
of the importance of making a navigable ship-
canal around the falls of Niagara, reserving to
myself the pnvilege of voting for the substitute
or the amendment, one or both, as I may feel in-
clined at the close of this discussion.
The construction of a canal around the falls of
Niagara is no new question for ourconsideration,
or for the consideration of the country. As early
as the year 1784, the very next year after the ac-
knowledgment by Great Britain of our independ-
ence, a survey for a canal around the falls of Ni-
agara was made under the auspices of a company
oiganized in tile State of New York for the pur-
pose of forming a link in the chain of inland com-
munication from the Hudson river to Lake Erie.
Since then repeated surveys iiave been made, and
repeated estimates taken, some under the patron-
age of the General Government, all tending to
show the entire practicability, as well as the
imperative necessity, of removing this natural
obstruction in the way of commerce and trade
between the "West and the East.
The last, and I do not know but the most re-
liable, survey which has been made, was made
by the distinguished engineer, Mr. Charles B.-
Stuart, of the State of New York, at the request
of President Lincoln some time during tho autumn
of the year 1863. Mr. Stuart, in iiis able report,
