THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
which has probably found its way to the desk of
«^cry member of this House, or if not, it should
be there, and should be carefully read and ma-
turely considered—Mr. Stuart gives the shortest
route far a ship-canal around the falls of Niagara
asbeing between the points of Schlosser and Lew-
iston, a distance of six miles and three thousand
and seventy feet. He makes his calculations for
a canal with a prism of one hundred and five feet
on the surface of water, and with a depth of twelve
feet; with locks two hundred and seventy-five
feet in length, and forty-five feet in width, each
averaging sixteen feet lift. The estimated cost of
this canal with single locks is $6,007,011; with
double locks, $7,680,555.
Mr. L1TTLEJOHN, (in hisseat.) With gold
at one hundred and twenty-five per cent, pre-
mium.
Mr. SPALDING. Yes, sir, with gold at one
hundred and twenty-five per cent, premium, for
the estimate was made when gold was at that
rate. The members of the House will perceive,
in the progress of this examination, that it is
aosed to have the Government extend its aid
is great enterprise in the shape of a loan of
its bonds to the extent of $6,000,000. So that it
is fair to inquire into the question whether the Gov-
ernment ought at this time to invest §6,000,000 of
its credit in this great national work.
Now, sir, I claim, in the first place, that no
sectional interests ought to be regarded as being
particularly interested in this work; for 1 hold
that its construction would benefit the nation at
large, by swelling its resources to magnificent
proportions, and by increasing us uppubiliiies of
defense against the inroadsof any foreign Power.
It is particularly interesting to the citizens of the
great West who raise mainly the breadstufis of
the nation, and not only of the nation but of a
great portion of the civilized world. And it is
interesting to the great class of consumers in the
East, in New England and New York. It is in-
teresting to my constituents, and peihaps I may
say with propriety, to nine or ten millions of the
population of our country in its military aspect.
For I say to this House, most distinctly, that
while the Congress of the United States has, with
a liberal hand, provided for the defenses of our
cities and towns upon the sea-coast, it has con-
tributed but sparingly, not to say grudgingly, to
the defenses or the people living in the Northwest,
Why, sir, it should be borne in mind that, when
ten million people are asking for aid to the extent
of only $6,000,000, in removing or overcoming
the natural obstructions at the falls of Niagara,
|>150,000,000 have been appropriated for the de-
fenses upon the Atlantic coast, saying nothing
about the Navy and naval defenses. With a
population of ten million people interested in the
commerce of the northwestern lakes—Superior,
Michigan, Huron, St. Clair, and Erie—and with
two thousand ships of every description bearing
the teeming productions of the West upon the
bosom of those lakes continually toward an east-
ern market, we have now, in all the Northwest,
but a single ship calculated for warlike purposes,
and that ship less than one hundred tons burden,
and having but one gun. We have not even
lived up to the terms of the treaty of 1817, in
providing for the defenses of the lakes, so far
as the rights reserved to us are concerned. But,
sir, during the last half century Great Britain,
one of the parties of that treaty, keeping her one-
gun war vessels upon the lakes,according to the
stipulations of the treaty, has been continually
preparing her military canals and her naval depots
for any contingency that mightarise wherein and
■whereby the United States Government might put
itself into a hostile attitude toward them.
it is not necessary to call the attention of this
House to the fact which was brought prominently
before members during the discussion upon the
abrogation of the reciprocity treaty, that Great
Britain has constructed the Rideau canal from
Montreal to Kingston on Lake Ontario; that she
has also constructed the St. Lawrence canal
around the rapids of the river St. Lawrence;
that she has constructed the Welland canal, con-
necting, on the British side, Ontario with Lake
Erie; and they now make their boast that in
* twenty-four hours they could throw their vessels-
of-war from Montreal to Oswego, and in twenty-
four hours more might throw their shells into the
citic^ of Buffalo and Cleveland on Lake Erie.
Now, I ask, is it not the sublimest folly for the
American people to rest in this quiescent condi-
tion when the expenditure of so little money
might put them completely beyond the power- of
the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland,
coupled with all the forces of the provinces?
The bill proposes to construct a canal of suffi-
cient dimensions, with sufficient locks and suffi-
cient depth of water, to pass gunboats from Lake
Ontario into Lake Erie, or from Lake Erie into
Lake Ontario. And the question at once comes
back to us, cui bono? for what good would you
make a canal to connect Lake Erie and Lake On-
tario, unless the project be extended still further?
For how will you get gunboats upon either of
those lakes unless you connect with the eastern
metropolis by means of an enlargement of the
New York canal?
Mr. Speaker, the major part of the commercial
marine upon Lukes Erie, Huron, Michigan, and
Superior belongs to citizens of the United States.
In this commercial marine we havefl^etsof steam
propellers strongly built and suitable for gunboats
with a little expense in giving to them an arma-
ment. *Not so with Ontario. On Lake Ontario,
the commercial marine belongs mainly to the
Canadas; and in the event of War we have no
vessels there suitable to be converted into vessels-
of-war. We have the material on Lake Erie.
We could, wiih very little trouble and expense,
conveit our freight propellers into gunboats, and
those gunboats could be transported through the
N ingara canal to the aid of the population residing
upon Lake Ontario and the St. Lawrence, if need
be, without further ship-canals toward the East.
But, Mr. Speaker, it is mainly in a commer-
cial point of view that 1 should like to call the
attention of the House to this great subject. It
is commonly thought that the young West has
grown up and attained the dimensions of manhood;
that it has arrived at ti point beyond which it
will not speedily go, and that the canals and rail-
roads now constructed through the State of New
York will take off the superabundant produce of
that country with all manner of ease.
I want the members of the House who are not
immediately conversant with the growth and great-
ness of our northwestern States to understand
that they, at tins time, grow five hundred million
bushels of wheat and corn, i wish them to un-
derstand that one hundred million bushels are
annually transmitted, alieady,through the canals
and railroads of New York to New England and
New York, in a great measure to be consumed
there, but m part, and that not inconsiderable, for
export to foreign countries.
I want the House to understand further, that
although the northwestern States, at this time,
yield this immense amount of wheat and corn,
their production is increasing at the rate of twenty
per cent, a year,and already the thoroughfares
of transportation from the West to the East are
crowded to suffocation, so that unless wc have ad-
ditional means of transportation afforded us from
some other quarter, the necessary result must be
that our people in the West must cease produ-
cing, or they must suffer their surplus produce
to perish in their storehouses. We now have a
ship navigation for our agricultural produce from
Chicago to Buffalo, near the foot of Lake Erie.
We have a further navigable ship communication
toward the tide-water through the permission of
Great Britain, by the way of the Welland canal,
for thiee hunched miles more to Ogdensburg, on
the St. Lawrence.
Now, I wish it remarked that, the opponents of
the abrogation of the reciprocity treaty threw it
into our teeth more than once that our trade be-
tween the West and East through the Welland
canal would be interrupted if we provoked Great
Britain to unfriendly feeling. Sir, I have too much
pride, as an American citizen, to be subjected to
the caprice of Great Britain or any other nation.
GrcatBiitum has made her canal around the falls
of Niagara, and the United States have the same
opportunity to make a canal around the cataract
upon her own territory, through which she could
transmit her produce and merchandise, without
saying to Great Britain at any time, "By your
favor."
But what will be the effect of this increase in
the navigable ship communication between the
producing States of the West and the consuming
States of the East? It is an admitted fact, I be-
lieve, that it costs just twice as much to transmit
a ton of produce over a canal as it does on ship-
board over the waters "of the wide lakes, exclusive
of tolls. It costs much less than that, in propor-
tion to the price of freight, over the railroads-.
And now, although I do not profess to be well
versed in matters of trade, my best information
tells me that every farmer in the northwestern
States who produces a bushel of wheat would
be directly interested in the making of this canal
around the falls of Niagara, as it would save at
least five cents a bushel in getting his wheat to
market. If that is the result, why should we
hesitate? It is well known that many of our
farmers in the West absorb most of the consider-*
ation which they obtain for their hard industry
in paying the expense of getting their products
to market.
It must, then, be a matter of p -ime necessity to
attend to everything which shall reduce that ex-
pense of transportation. I say, then, and I state
it as a fact ascertained by that eminent engineer
of New York, Mr. Stuart—whose personal in-
terest, if he has any, would be against this pro-
posed improvement—there would be a saving of
from three to five cents a bushel in passing the
cereals of the West to an eastern market by way
of the Niagara canal, instead of sending them as
we now do through the canals and railroads of
New York; and, taking the amount of produce
which has been sent forward during the last four
years as a criterion, the whole expense of making
this Niagara ship-canal would be reimbursed to
the people in four years by this saving. In one
short term of four years the people of the North-
west, who grow this grain, would save enough
to pay the whole expense of constructing this
canal.
1 regard that proposition as impregnable; and
if so, why will the American Congress hesitate to
adopt a measure of such high State necessity, and
why should they hesitate to make the needed ap-
propriation for the purpose?
And here, Mr. Speaker, I meet the only serious
argument of the opposition which can be urged
against this measure. I take it for granted that
no man in this House will doubt the practicability
of making this work, or doubt the more conven-
ient outlet it will afford to the products of the
West. Rut gentlemen question the policy, at this
time, when the nation is engaged in a war with a
portion of its own ciuzcns, of encroaching upon
the credit of the country so much as to appropri-
ate its bonds to the extent asked for in the bill—
$6,000,000. As the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Davis] reminds me, I did not intend to be
undeistood that we were asking for an appropri-
ation of $6,000,000  n money at all. It is but an
appropriation of the creditof the country in bonds,
payable perhaps m twenty years, for the benefit
of those who may construct this canal, it being
stipulated that the whole money shall be reim-
bursed by taking ten percent, of the tolls annually
of the canal, and permitting nil propeity owned
by the United States—ships, materials of war, and
everything of that kind—to pass toll free.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I am one of the last of the
members of this House who would consent in
any way to embarrass the Treasury of the United
States. I think I havealready sufficiently evinced
my opposition to the inciease of salaries or any-
thing of thatkind which shall undermine thecredit
of our Government, so necessary to bo held up at
this critical period in our affairs. But, sir, I am
not prepared to admit, I never was. that our na-
tional Government is not able to meet all the cost
of this war of rebellion. Far from it. 1 insist
that with our national resources we might treble
the national debt, and the people of this great em-
pire would walk off under that load without ap-
parently feeling us weight. Why, sir, there is no
country in Christendom possessed of such mate-
lial means as belong to the United States, and no
country is more able to bear such a burden as is
devolved upon us by this grievous war. Our
population m I860 was31,445.000souls. The in-
crease in every decade since 1790 has been nearly
thirty-five per cent. It is estimated thatin 1870 our
population will be 42,318,432. We are continu-
ally receiving large additions from immigration.
The official valuation of property in the country,
not including slaves, was, in 1860,^14,223,618,06*8.
As the increase of property in the last decade was
one hundred and thirty per cent., it is fair to pre-
