THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
/ The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
/in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (S.'No. 459) to provide for the
consolidation of the Indian tribes, and to estab-
lish civil government in the Indian Territory.
J^lr. DOOLITTLE. There is a verbal amend-
ment that I deSire to make to the bill. It is to
insertafter the word " tribes,"onpage2,line six-
teen, the words " by a treaty stipulation duly nc-
gofcted for that purpose." The section now pro-
vides that this act is not to take effect " without
the consent of said tribe or tribes." The tribes
there are in amity and peace with us. Our treaty
stipulations forbid the extension of territorial gov-
ernment over these Cherokees and Creeks with-
out their consent, and I therefore move to insert
thss'e words.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. On page 3, section two,
line ten, after the words " United States," I move
to insert the words ii and suspend from office any
Indian agent oremploye in said Territory." This
■will authorize the Governor of the Territory to
have power to suspend any of these Indian agents
or employes until the decision of the President
ean be made known. I wish to give the Governor
■who shall go there full power to control all the
Indian agents in the Territory.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. On page 6, section six,
line fourteen,after the word " Governor,"! move
to insert the following:
And any and nil laws, rules, and regulations adopted by
said Council may be modified or annulled by Congress.
The effect of the amendment is to give power
to Congress to annul any law that may be passed
by that Legislative Council.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President, this bill was
before the Senate four or five days ago, perhaps
a little more than that. It has been introduced
into the Senate since the 20th of February, and
printed since that time. It was not laid upon our
tables until the 23d or 24th of February. It is a
'Jong bill; I have it not before me; but I think some
fourteen or fifteen pages folio, and fourteen or
fifteen sections. It changes, 1 believe, very ma-
terially and radically our whole Indian policy.
It violates our treaties. It will be vefy injurious
at least to some of the Indian tribes; and worse
than all, it will bea6tain upon the national honor,
« breach of the national faith. These are a por-
tion of its evils.
One of the tribes that this bill contemplates to
bring within territorial jurisdiction is theChero-
Itee tribe of Indians. I am old enough to remem-
ber the time when the people of the United States
were very considerably exercised, and I may say
agitated, on account of what seemed to be a most
crueland unjustifiable course pursued by our Gov-
ernment toward that tribe; or, if not dirocil / by the
Government, at least they were accessoiy to the
cruelty and injustice perpetrated by the State of
Georgia upon that tribe. This tribe had its home
in what I believe made a portion of the States of
Georgia,Tennessee, and North Carolina; and the
section occupied by them was among the very
finest portions of those States. A portion of that
Cherokee country was as attractive and beautiful
as any within the limits of the United States. It
was looked upon with desire, it was coveted by
the surrounding whites, especially in the State of
Georgia. They determined that these people
should be expelled from those lands, and they
carried that determination into effect. The Uni-
ted States for a time struggled against that effort
on the part of Georgia, and seemed disposed to
protect the tribe in their rights; but very soon our
Government yielded, and-the Slate of Georgia tri-
umphantly drove those Indians beyond the Mis-
sissippi, took their lands, disposed of them by
lottery, and hanged some of our citizens within
the .territory, on the charge that they were at-
tempting to impede or thwart the laws of Georgia
and the purposes of that State against the Chero-
kees. In the case of one of those men, after a
decision by the Supreme Court .of the United
States that the conviction was erroneous, and after
a writ of error had been issued to bring up the rec-
ord to the Supreme Court for revision/the State
of Georgia, by her authorities, proceeded to exe-
cute the man, notwithstanding the pendency of
the writ of error, thus flinging defiance in the face
of the Government of the United States in the
most odious and offensive, and, I will add, in the
most savage manner.
These Indians weredriven off, under these cir-
cumstances, west of the Mississippi. The United
States made a treaty with them within a few years
afterthis; I believe in the year 1835. Theseevents
occurred in the years 1829 and 1830, and so on
up to 1835, when the United States made a treaty
with these Indians which is in our volume of
treaties. We had previously made treaties with
this same tribe. In this treaty of 1835 we entered
into very solemn stipulations as to their rights to
the country west of the Mississippi river, over
which we now propose to extend our jurisdiction
and create a Territory. One of the stipulations ill
thattreaty is short, and I will read it, in order that
we may see whether or not it is consistent with
good faith for us now to incorporate a Territory
takingin this tractof country which we thencov-
enanted in the most solemn manner should remain
to this Cherokee tribe. The fifth article of that
treaty is as follows:
" The United States Hereby covenant and agree that the
lands ceded to the Cherokee nation m the foregoing article
shall in no future time without their consent be included
within the territoria! limits or jurisdiction of any State or
Territory. But they Miall secure to the Cherokee nation
the right by their national councils to make and carry into
eflect all HK'Ii laws as they may deem necessary tor the
government and protection of the persons and pioperty
within theii own country belonging to their people or such
persons as have connected themselves with them : Pro-
vided always, That they shall not be inconsistent with the
Constitution of the United States."
Thatis one of the stipulations which the United
States entered into with these Indians.
Mr. BROWN. Will the Senator permit me
to interrupt him ?
Mr. FOSTER. Certainly.
Mr. BROWN. I will state totheSenator that
the bill which is pending provides that this terri-
torial government shall notextend over that tribe
except their assent be first obtained through treaty
stipulation.
Mr. FOSTER. Yes, Mr. President; and there-
fore what is the necessity or propriety of passing
this territorial bill until we first obtain that con-
sent?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If my honorable friend
will allow me, this country held by the Cherokees
is larger than the State of Massachusetts. Im-
mediately below the Arkansas lies the country
of the Creeks, which probably is larger than New
Jersey. Then below that, south of the Canadian
river, is the country of the Choctaws and the
Chickasaws and the affiliated Indians that were
put in there from Texas, which is larger than
both the others put together. Those Indians, by
their hostilities against the United States, have
forfeited all treaty stipulations with the United
States, and we are therefore not bound to regard
the treaties which we entered into with the Chick-
asaws or the Choctaws on that subject, they hav-
ing broken them by open, flagrant war for three
or four years against the United States.
Mr. CONNESS, Will the Senator from Con-
necticut permit me a single word?
Mr. FOSTER. Certainly.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not wish to break in
upon this discussion; but I beg theSenatorto be
as short as possible, so that we can get some
work done. The Senator will excuse me for say-
ing that.
Mr. FOSTER. Certainly. It would have been
shorter if the Senator had not said anything.
Mr. CONNESS. It wili riot bo much longer
from what I said.
Mr. FOSTER. The time the Senator has taken
up, if occupied by myself, would have got me
along so much farther m my remarks, which will
be brief anyway.
In reply to tha suggestion of the Senator from
Wisconsin, as to the Creeks, Seminoles, and
Chickasaws, who are at war with the United
States, I will remark that I have said nothing
whatever about them. I speak of the Cherokee
tribe, which, as a tribe, has remained true and
faithful to the Government of the United States.
No doubt a portion of the tribe have joined the
rebels; but they were a small portion compara-
tively, and they did so under duress and com-
pulsion 
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The Cherokee tribo
of Indians, as a tribe, received annuities from the
confederate government for two years.
Mr. FOSTER. That may be. If they have
received annuities from the confederate govern-
ment they have not been paid for a tithe of the
property which the confederate government have
stolen from them. The confederate government
overran their country, took their property, and
committed many depredations; if they have had
manliness, or honor, or justice enough to restore
them anything, either by way of annuities or oth-
erwise, I am glad of it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I said the confeder-
ate government undertook to carry out with the
Cherokee nation the agreement we had made with
them; and the Cherokee tribe of Indians received
from the confederate government the annuities
which wero due from the United States Govern-
ment as a nation.
Mr. FOSTER. The difficulty then is that the
confederate government have taken a portion of
the obligaiions of the United States upon them-
selves, and have paid to the Cherokee nation for
two years theannuities which the Governmentof
the United Slates were bound to pay. I do not
see that the Cherokees sinned greatly in that.
As it respccts the other tribes, to reply, as I was
replying, to the honorable Senator from Wiscon-
sin, I say I have said nothing about them; and so
far as this treaty which I have appealed to is con-
cerned, it has nothing to doVith them. With
this.-Cherokee tribe I say, however, this treaty
has to do; and when the Senator from Missouri
suggested that this bill provides that we shall first
obtain the consent of the tribe before' we extend
this territorial government over them, does not
every Senator know what that means, and what
the passage of this territorial bill creating these
officers to go there means? Is there any doubt
that these tribes will consent? Doep not every-
body know that their consent under these circum-
stances is a mere farce ? How would it be if we
had a treaty like this with any foreign Power that
had sufficient strength to avenge an insult of this
sort? if we had made this treaty with such a
nation, and then undertook to extend jurisdiction
over it, provided we could get their consent after
we had thus exerted our authority and created a
Territory, what would be the result?
■ Mr. President, how would we bear it if a for-
eign nation undertook to adopt this policy toward
us ? Take the ease of Louisiana: it was ceded to
this Government by France many years a o, no
more solemnly than we have ceded tothe Chero-
kee nation this tract of country west of the Mis-
sissippi. Suppose LouiaNapoleon should send to
Louisiana, as governor or viceroy, Duke Gwin or
some other person, to take control of the territory,
and he, with all the paraphernalia of an imperial
Government, should sail from France for the
mouth of the Mississippi; would it make much
difference in the character of the proceeding if
Duke Gwin should call at the capes of Virginia,
and say to the officer in command at Old Point,
in the most polite terms ever employed by that
gallant and polite nation, "I am on my way to
our aneientterritory of Louisiana to resume juris-
diction over it; but my imperial master instructed
me to obtain the consent of the Government of
the United States before commencing my govern-
ment over the country; of course you will accede
to the wishes of the emperor, and give your con-
sent." Would not that bring war between us and
France at once? Would not the French Govern-
ment understand it to be war? If this treaty was
with any nation in the world which had any power
to resent an insult would we not understand that
the passage of this bill was a declaration of war,
and would it not be war, certainly and speedily?
I know- it will not be war with these poor
Cherokees, because they are a powerless tribe;
that is, powerless as against the United States.
They have sent two regimentsinto your Army,a
greater number of men in proportion to the num-
ber of fighting men belonging to the tribe than has
gone from any State in this Union; and those
men are now lighting as gallantly and as bravely
in the ranks of the Union Army as any other
men in it, as I am informed. Now, we propose,
m violation of these treaty stipulations, to extend
our government over this Indian Territory, put-
ting in, by way of parenthesis, "provided they
consent." If that parenthesis means anything,
we should not pasa the bill, because we should
