1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1805
first, get their consent; and it will take us from
now to December at least to make such a treaty,
and arrange as between us and them, so that we
can establish a territorial government. Let us
therefore lay aside the bill; let us make a treaty
with these Indians authorizing us to carry into
effect this bill as we now propose; and next De-
cember will be in abundant time to pass it, if the
Indians do consent.
Mr. HOWARD. Move to lay it on the table.
Mr. POSTER. It would not be fair for mc to
submit that motion after making the remarks 1
have against it. 1 do not wish to be tedious; but
1 wish Senators would look at this bill.
Mr. CLARK. 1 move that the further con-
sideration of the bill now before the Senate be
postponed., and that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of the tariff" bill.
Mr. HARLAN. Lhope this may not be done.
I have frequently regretted, in listening to dis-
cussions on this floor, that other Senators had not
the charge of every committee on which 1 serve.
I have no doubt that the Senator from Connecticut
would make a much better member of the Indian
Committee than 1 make at least, and perhaps bet-
ter than any other member of it. It is a little
remarkable that of the seven Senators who have
been appointed, in the wisdom of the Senate, to
serve on that committee, not one has dissented
from this bill; but a Senator who has not been
detailed especially to look into this subject deems
this bill especially cruel to the very people whom
it is intended to protect. The design of the bill
is to protect these Indians from utter annihilation
—not to establish a government there for white
men, to introduce white men, but to preventthem
from entering the Territory or becoming inhab-
itants of the Territory. The very object of the
bill is to protect the Indians. The very object of
this proposed government is to enable the Federal
Government to enforce the laws and usages of
the Indian tribes. The bill itself provides in ex-
press terms that it shall not operate in any way
on any Indian tribe until that Indian tribe shall
first give its consent by express treaty stipula-
tion. If the Cherokees should not give their
consent, then they will not be alFected by it.
But is it fair to keep all the other Indian tribes,
many of whom are very feeble, in a condition little
shoit of anarchy, because a chief of the Chero-
kees, now a pensioner of the Federal Government
in the city of Philadelphia, remonstrates against
the passage of such a bill? The chief of that
tribe, from whom these objections originally ema-
nate, is now a pensioner on tiie Federal Govern-
ment to the tune of $10,000 a year; and of course
ho objects to any organization that might in the
end take from him any of the despotic power that
lie now attempts to wield over these helpless peo-
ple. A majority of the Cherokee nation have
"been in rebellion against the Government of the
United States; they have forfeited all their rights;
but this bill does not propose to confiscate their
property or to deprive them of any rights until,
by express treaty stipulation, they shall have
agreed to the piovisions contained in this bill;
and even then, with the adoption of the bill, it is
intended to protect the Cherokees, and every
other tribe within the limits of the Indian coun-
try, from aggression from the white man, those
from whom' the Senator himself fears encroach-
ment.
We were told a day or two ago by the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] that he was opposed
to makmgany more treaties with the Indian tribes.
He believes that Congress ought to pass laws for
the government of the Indian tribes; and a num-
ber of leading Senators expressed their convic-
tion that he was right; that we ought to discard
the idea of making treaties with these feeble peo-
ple. The Indian Committee have not recom-
mended this course, but they have recommended
that these Indians shall be consulted, and if they
give their consent to an affiliation of all the In-
dians within the Indian country, or a number of
these tribes, to establish such judicial proceedings
there as will exclude aggression from without.
The Committee on Indian Afiairs believe that it
will tend to improve the welfare of these feeble
people. I have no doubt of it myself; but unless
some such policy as this shall bo adopted I shall
lose all hope of saving a fragment of the people
that once controlled this vast country. They are
wasting awoy rapidly now Uks thesuofts before
a morning's sun, and unless this Government
makes some systematic effort to save them they
will speedily all be gone. 1 have no hope for
them if we leave them in the condition of anarchy
in which we now find them in that Territory. I
believe some effort should be made on the part of
this Government for their protection and preser-
vation. This bill is intended for this purpose.
Hence I think it is unfair for a Senator here who
has not given especial attention to this subject,as
I believe—I do not think it is possible he could
have done so and use the language he has in ref-
erence to this bill—to denounce it as he has to-
night. „
1 promised the Senate, however, that I would
not discuss this subject; and I would not have
done so had it not been for the very severe re-
marks made by the Senator from Connecticut in
relation to tins matter. I will now ask that a
vote mav be taken on the passage of this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) The question before the Senate is
on the motion of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire. The Chair feels obliged very reluctantly
to remind Senatois that a discussion of the mer-
its of the bill is not in order on amotion with re-
gard to the order of business.
Mr. BROWN. I hope the Senator from New
Hampshire will withdiaw his motion. 1 think
we can take a vote as quick on this bill as on his
motion.
Mr. CLARK. If 1 supposed that was so, I
would withdraw my motion; but I desire to give
notice to Senators that unless they give an op-
portunity of passing the business now pressing
upon the Senate, an extra session of Congress
becomes inevitable.
Mr. BROWN. Let us have a vote.
Mr. POMEROY. I tlunk we can now have a
vote on the bill.
Mr. CLARK. I withdraw the motion, if there
is to be no discussion.
Mr. HOWARD. What is the motion before
the Senate ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
to postpone being wiilulravvn, the question will
be on ordering the bill to be engrossed for a third
reading.
Mr. FOSTER. It was certainly unnecessary
for the honorable Senator from Iowa, as it seems
to me, to intimate that 1 was arrogating to my-
self skill supcriororjudgmentbetierthan the gen-
tlemen on the Indian Committee, or that 1 was
imputing to him, or to the chairman, or to any
member of that committee any lack of all the
ability requisite for the proper performance of
their duties on that committee, and on every
other committee, and in every other position to
which this body or their constituents may as-
sign them. I ean assure that honorable Sena-
tor that 1 have for him and for the committee
of which he is certainly a distinguished mem-
ber the highest personal respect, and m nothing
that I have said have I reflected in any manner
upon any member of that committee. As it re-
gards the measures whifih that committee bring
forward, I have yet to learn that they are not open
to every niemberof the Senate as a matter of com-
ment. If the day has arrived or is about to ar-
rive when it is understood lhat after a committee,
detailed as the honorable Senator saySto peiform
a certain duty, have performed that duty, that
closes up the matter, and it is no longer open to
doubtoi question, this body becomes oneof very
simple character. It consists of so many com-
mittees who perform certain duties, and when
performed by ihem there is an end of the matter.
This is not u legislative or deliberative assembly;
it is a collection of committees. 1 do not so un-
derstand the character or constitution of this body.
I certainly make no boast that I understand
this subject even as well as the honorable Senator
does; but as it appears lo me, 1 say again, this bill
is fraught with danger and dishonor to the coun-
try. It may be because 1 do not understand it
that I hold and avow that opinion. It has been
before the Senate less than a week, or about a
week; and a week spent,aswc all know how, in
sessions from eleven o'clock m the morning until
twelve at night and one 111 the morning, and in
committee meetings from half past nine until
eleven o'clock. Under these circumstances, if a
bill -such as Ihis, laid on our tables for the first
tirao on the 22J or 23d of February, some four-
teen or fifteen pages long,"has not been well un-
derstood by this body, I do not think we are to
be charged with great negligence in attending to
our public duties. It is not strange that we do
not understand it. It is a little strange that that,
committee did not bring forwardabill so import-
ant as this a little earlier in the session; or, if
they brought it forward at this period, at least
that they did not suggest that it go over until an-
other session in order that it might be understood.
Mr. HARLAN. Will the Senator allow me
to interrupt him ?
Mr. FOSTER. Certainly.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senate passed a solemn
resolution instructing the Committee on Indian
Affairs to inquire into the propriety of establish-
ing just such a government as we propose here.
The committee therefore acted under the instruc-
tion of the Senate itself.
1 Mr. LANE, of Kansas. A month ago.
Mr. HARLAN. Not quite a month ago. In
the course of six or eight days after that resolu-
tion was received by the chairman we reported
this bill. I do not think, therefore, that the com-
mittee is justly chargeable with negligence. The
Senate instructed them to inquire into the subject.
They did it with reasonable dispatch, and reported
a bill, and the bill was printed and laid on the
tables ol Senators. The Committee on Indian Af-
fairs are not culpable for the inception of this hill,
nor for delay, at least in introducing it. They
did it with reasonable promptness.
Mr. FOSTER. I am not charging the commit-
tee with negligence. 1 am only saying that if
they introduced this bill at a late day of the ses-
sion they ought not to charge the members of the
body, who are not members of the committee, with
their ignorance of it, however prompt the com-
mittee may have been in their action, and however
clearly impossible it may have been for them lo
have acted earlier, or to have avoided acting under
the direction of the Senate. I make no complaint,
I repeal, of (he committee.
Mr. IIARLAN. I think it is due to me to say
that I do not intend to charge anybody with igno-
rance; bin ihe Senator stud he thought this bill
would inliictcruelty,and used othersimilarwords,
which 1 think were a reflection on the humanity,
or at least the care and attention of the committee
to the subject lhat had been intrusted to them.
That was 1 lie occasion of my remarks, but if I
was so unfortunate as to make the impression on
the Senator's mind which it seems I have made,
I will take great pleasure in withdrawing any such
remai k.
Mr. FOSTER. I did not understand theSen-
ator to say anything offensive. It is simply a
difference of opinion between us, an honest differ-
ence of opinion. He, from his superior knowl-
edge of the subject, has perhaps the better opin-
ion; but mine is as sinceie and as honest as his.
The only question is, which of us is in the right?
He no doubt believes that he himself is. "I be-
lieve that I am; and 1 yield, so iar as better oppor-
tunities for understanding the matter are con-
cerned, to him. But there are certain principles
which it does not require a great length of time
to understand; and one is that we have made a
solemn treaty with these people which this bill
which we aie about to pass violates. It does not
do to say that if the Cherokees consent to this it
will be right. It is not all right.
Mr. BROWN. I will ask the Senator if the
stipulation to which he refers docs not say it shall
not be done without their consent; arid if they
give their consent I ask him if it is in violation of
the treaty stipulation?
Mr. FOSTER. None whatever; but the con-
sent should be had before the legislation.
Mr. BROWN. It does not follow.
Mr. FOSTER. It does not follow, in thejudg-
ment of the Senator; it does in mine, if we keep
our faith. Get the consent of the tribe, and then
legislate. Why this haste about the legislation
Do we mean to send our officers there to organize
a territorial government? What is the purpose
of the bill? lsithonest? I ask again, do we mean
to send these officers there to organize this gov-
ernment, and are these officers, after they get there
with commissions in their pockets, to negotiate
with the Indians first whether they may stay and
oiganize the government?
Mr. BROWN. I will explain to the Senator.
There is abundance of territory outside of the
