THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
by the Federal Government, and so on in install-
ments of $500,000 for every $500,000 expended by
iShe State, until the'gSjOOOjOOO is expended.
i am aware that the construction of the Niagara
ship-canal is pressed upon the consideration of
this House as a military measure, and, in my
Judgment, there is great merit in it both as a mil-
itary and commei'cial measure. But it will not
^sjpape the intelligent attention of the members of
itoe House that such a canal will connect only two
lak£s—Lake Ontario and Lake Erie; while the
Illinois and Michigan canal will connect twenty
thousand miles of the navigable waters of the
Mississippi and its tributaries with all the great
inland seas which lie in the center of our conti-
nent. And it will also not escape the attention of
members of the House that when the Niagara
ship-canal shall have been constructed there is no
way of taking vessels-of-war into Lake Ontario
unfess you construct a canal from Lake Ontario
to the Hudson river. It is not to be supposed
that a vessel-of-war will be permitted to come
from the Gulf of St. Lawrence and pass up the
•St." Lawrence under the guns of the forts of due-
bee and through the Lachine canals into Lake
Ontario. The Illinois and Michigan canal will
furnish a means by which these naval vessels al-
ready in existence may be transported into all the
lakes, and used, if occasion shall require, along
the whole line of northern frontier.
Sir, there are two ways of defending that north-
ern frontier: one by the construction of these ca-
nals, and the introduction into the lakes of these
naval vessels; or, otherwise, the construction of
shore defenses. Committees of Congress are al-
ready considering the propriety of appropriating
$10,000,000 for constructing land fortifications
upon the frontier. A resolution has been adopted
requiring a committee of the Senate to inquire and
report whether it is expedient for the Government
to appropriate $10,000,000 for the purpose of com-
mencing and carrying forward the shore defenses
of the frontier. When you remember that the
frontieris three thousand miles long; when you re-
member the lakes and rivers along which it passes;
when you see that that line of frontier is greater
than the whole Atlantic coast; when you remem-
ber that $150,000,000 have been expended upon
the defenses of the Atlantic shore in the construc-
tion of forts and fortifications, and the work still
in progress, I ask gentlemen how far an appropri-
ation of#10,000,000 will go in the crectlon of shore
defenses for the protection of the northern frontier.
It appears to me perfectly clear that the true and
most economical way of defending the northern
frontier is to open these ship-canals, by which the
naval forces of the country can be taken from the
Mississippi into the lakes. It will not only give
us the Mississippi squadron, but we have, among
the six hundred vessels afloat in the salt water,
upon the Atlantic coast,'many vessels built to inn
along thecoast,to enter the bays and inlets, which
in case of need could be taken up the Mississippi
and through the canal into the lakes.
This canal is already advanced far toward com-
pletion as a ship-canal. The Federal Government
at an early day aided in its construction by a grant
of land. Those lands have been sold and the
proceeds appropriated toward the construction of
that work. In addition to that, the State of Illi-
nois herself has expended between five and six
million dollars on the work, and the excava-
tion has been for much of the distance carried to
the requisite depth and width to make it a ship-
canal. It is now only necessary that the work
shall be completed which has already advanced
far toward completion. Itonly requires now the
carrying out of the original design, which was
that of a ship-canal from the lakes to the Missis-
sippi.
Looking at the matter in the light of economy,
the Government of the United States will obtain,
for an expenditure of §5,000,000, a canal which
will have cost when it is completed more than
twenty-five million dollars. This great work, so
necessary as a military work, so economical as a
means of defense to the northern frontier, costing
$'•25,000,000, will be sccured to the nation at an
expenditure of $5,000,000.
These, Mt. fc>peakei,are biiefly some of the
reasons why I pu-sent this measure for the con-
sideration of the House, and ask for it a favoia-
blo consideration, as a military measure simply,
as a measure necessary for the defense of the coun-
try; and, in that aspect, I trust, it will address
itself to the minds of members on that side of the
House who are not willing to embark in any gen-
eral scheme of internal improvement. In the first
place, our northern frontier must be defended.
We have arrived at that period in our history
when ten million people living along the shores
of the lakes and on the frontier must be heard.
They have a right to be heard and protected.
You have expended $150,000,000 on the Atlan-
tic coast; you have erected fortifications along
the sea-board to that amount; you have expended
your hundreds of millions in the construction
of a vast Navy, a Navy superior to that of any
nation on the earth. I ask gentlemen now to turn
their attention to the northern frontier. You
will see that the whole line of coast from the
Gulf of St. Lawrence to Lake Superior is utterly
and completely defenseless. There is nothing
there in the way of defense, i know that an
American Congress will no longer permit this
condition of things to exist. Congress must either
commence the construction of a fleet for the lakes,
and to that end make an appropriation of at least
$10,000,000, or it must (and this I think would
be far wiser and better) open this canal through
which your vessels can be taken into the lakes.
In this connection, Mr. Speaker, I will send
to the desk, and ask to have read, an extract from
the report of the Committee on Military Affairs
made to the House, showing the reasons why
that committee recommended the construction of
this work.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"The first advantage of these canals to the United States
vyould be, then, tiie avoidance of those otherwise unavoid
able evils. A second advantage would be found in our
ability to make one fleet answer tor two. A third advan-
tage would be that we could build onthe Ohio, Mississippi,
Missonu, Illinois, Hudson, and along the lines of the canals,
freefioni all danger of attacks, and wheie labm and ma
tctials would be abundant and cheap. A fourth advan-
tage would be equally decided : instead of being useless
to the United States except on the lakes vhere built, the
digging of canals would enable our vessels on the lakes,
in leu days i.lt«*r the leeeipt of older*, to make their ap-
pearance at New Oilcans or Mobile for naval movements
in the West Indies, or at New York, to operate m the North
Atlantic, two thousand miles fuither to the nonhead. The
pooncssion of a powet to iranster a blockaded fleet by n safer
inland loute from New Yoik to New Oilcans, or fiom New
Orleans to New York, is of itself an incalculable advan-
tage in tunc* of war with a stiong niaiitnne Power. A
litih advantage might arise in this wise: should the JlntW)
fleet winter at the naval depot, under the piotection of the
fortress, as its safety and convenience would dictate, our
lleet, long after the'British Hoot was ice bound, could pass
down the Mississippi, and aid our forces m the Gulf of
Mexico and Caribbean sea a third of the year, and jel be
back to its station before the enemy could sail fiom itsice-
bound harbor.
"The last advantage which your committee will name
at this time is the facilities the canals would afford in tunes
of peace to agriculture, commerce, manufactures, and the
mechanic arts. Practically the navigable channel of the
Hudson is extended to the Mississippi. The steamship
loaded at St. Paul, Omaha, ^t. l<oui>, Louisville, Mem-
phis, or Chicago, would ti:ui«poit its thousmd, fifteen hun-
dred, or two thousand tons of produce to New Yoik, Bos
ton, or Philadelphia, or any other poit on the entire coast,
at the plcasuic of its owncis, and exchange it lor ev^ry
falmc known to the merchant and artisan. This would in-
fuse new vigor into all industrial puisints, and benefit all
portions of this gieat country. It is believed that if eighty-
ton horse boats can aflord to pay tolls high enough to sup-
port shallow canals, two thousand-ton steamboats, being
subjected to less expense per ton, can afford to pay enough
higher to support deeper canals of gioater cost, c-pccially
considered in connection with the far larger amount of
business the deep canal could transact. They ought within
a reasonable time to reimburse their first eost.^ llcnce no
reason is perceived from the money point of view why
these exceedingly iuipoitant military channels should not
be dug."
Mr. ARNOLD. Now, Mr. Speaker, I desire
to ask whether, in the present condition of the
country, it is not the duty of every statesman to
provide for the defense of the northern frontier,
and whether the time for doing so has not arrived.
If it be so, I ask whether, when we have this fleet
in the Mississippi, when the State of Illinois offers
to construct this work with the aid of $5,000,000,
and to give the General Government the use of it
for the purposes of defense forever, we ought not
to give to this measure our support, and whether
it ought not to bccome at once a law.
I do not propose, Mr. Speaker, to discuss at
length the commercial importance of this canal.
I will only say that it will connect more than
twenty thousand miles of the navigable waters of
the Mississippi and its tributaries with the great
inland seas of North America. There is not a
loaf of bread, nor a bushel of corn, nor a barrel
of poik or of beef, consumed in New England
or New York, that will not be cheapened by the
opening of this canal. There is not a manufac-
tured article of the East the price of which will
not be lessened to the consumers in the valley
of the Mississippi by the opening of this canal.
There is not an acre of land lying between the
western shore of Lake Michigan and the Rocky
mountains that will not be very largely enhanced
in value by this canal. And all these benefits can
be realized, independently of its military advan- {
tages, for an expendituie of some §5,000,000.
Your generals in the field suggest to the Secre-
tary of War a military expedition, and it is con-
sidered a very small affair if it costs no more than
that sum. Here, then, is a proposition to secure
military advantages so important to the defense
of the country, and which will not be temporary
in their character, but as permanent as the exist-
ence of the Republic, for which you are called
upon for an expenditure of only #5,000,000.
I desire to call the attention of members of the
House from the sea-board to a fact which they
sometimes overlook, it seems to me; and that is,
that the nations against which they fortify their
coasts are at a distance of three thousand miles
across the ocean from them. Three thousand
miles of ocean lie between them and any possible
foe. And yet they tell us that, from the coast of
Maine to Florida, they must have these expensive
coast defenses. Not only that, but they ask us,
year after year, to expend money by fifties and
hundreds of millions in the construction and main-
tenance of a Navy to defend them against an en-
emy three thousand miles off. The northern front-
ier is within rifle and cannon-shot distance of a
foreign nation; and yet, all along that frontier the
people, absorbed in their material progress and
advancement, have not, up to the present time,
asked or received the consideration of Congress
in the way of preparing for its defense. And
now, when George Saunders and his rebel asso-
ciates in Canada have succeeded in disturbing, to
some extent, the relations between the British
provinces and. the United States, when rebel em-
issaries have gone into Canada and organized there
raids against frontier towns, it is time that these
questions should receive the grave and careful
consideration of Congress. This House changed,
the other day,its previous ac.tion*in regard to the
reciprocity treaty. At the last session of Con-
gress this House voted against giving the notice
to terminate that treaty. This session it voted to
give the noticc. This change in the judgment of
the House is, no doubt, attributable to the action of
rebel emissaries in Canada. Whatever may be
the differences of opinion in reference to the ex-
pediency of terminating that treaty, all admitthat
in vipw of the preparations on the other side of
the frontier the period has arrived when it be-
comes us also to be prepared for all contingencies.
Not that I believe we shall have difficulties with
Great Britain, but the way to preserve peace is
to be prepared for war.
My friend from the Cleveland district of Ohio
[Mr. Spalding] has presented statistics showing
the growth of the West.# His argument was ad-
dressed mainly to the construction of the Niagara
ship-canal. 1 regard the onnal from the Missis-
sippi to the lakes and the Niagara ship-canal as
parts of onegreatsystem. But it will be obvious to
every gentleman from the valley of the Mississippi
that the Niagara ship-canal is comparatively value-
less to all that region unless a ship-canal bo also
opened from the Mississippi to the lakes. To
Minnesota, to Iowa, to western Wisconsin and
western Illinois, to Missouri, and to those new
States that nrc rising up westward, the Niagara
ship-canal cannot be of any possible use without
a connection between the great father of waters
and the lakes. 1 hope that no action will be taken
by the friends of the Niagara ship-canal which
may be regarded as antagonistic to the great meas-
ure of enlarging the Illinois and Michigan canal.
I believe, as 1 said, that both works are part of
one great system. I believe that they ougntboth
to be constructed. I believe that, as a military
measure and as a commercial measure, they ought
to be constructed. But if the condition of our
finances is such that we can begin only one of
them now, then I submit that by the construc-
tion of the Niagara ship-canal none of our war
vessels can be taken into the lakes, as they can
be by the enlaigement of the Illinois and Michi-
gan canal. By this latter work hundreds of our
