1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. CONNESS. Do not thrust that in here
now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts insist upon calling up
the report of the committee of conference?
Mr. WILSON. If the vote can be taken on
this bill t willgive way. I want to accommodate
everybody if I can.
Mr. CLARK. I move to postpone all prior
orders and proceed to the consideration of the
tariff bill.
Mr. HARLAN. Lmust ask for the yeas and
nays upon that motion, if it is insisted upon.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GRIMES. On what question were the
yeas and nays ordered ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On the ques-
tion of postponing the pending orders and proceed-
ing to the consideration of the,tariff bill.
Mr. HOWE. I should like to know when the
tariff bill was reported to the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. About half an hour ago, and
has never been printed.
Mr. CLARK. And not designed to be.
Mr. GRIMES. Exactly; and here we are asked
to vote on the tariff when there is plenty of time
to consider it. There is not any trouble about
disposirigof that bill and all the appropriation bills
before twelve o'clock on Saturday. If the Com-
mittee on Finance will allow this tariff bill to be
printed, when we come here at eleven o'clock to-
morrow we can take it up and pass it.
Mr. CLAREC. I have only to say that there
are several amendments reported to the tariff bill,
and if they are adopted by the Senate, the bill
must go back to the House; and the Senate can
judge whether, with the miscellaneous bill not
yet reported from the House to the Senate, and
which must then be referred to the Committee on
Finance, we can get through with that business
by Saturday noon. I leave Senators to judge
which measure should give way. It is a matter
of necessity that the tariff bill should be acted
upon. But Senators can determine the question
as well as I can.
Mr. HOWE. I desire simply to say that I
find this tariff bill here. It was referred yester-
day to the Committee on Finance, and I under-
stand now that it was reported back about thirty
minutes ogo.
Mr. CLARK. An hour and a half ago.
Mr. HOWE. My first information was in-
correct by an hour. I Was informed that there
was to be a meeting of the committee at six
o'clock this evening. I did not attend the meet-
ing because the Senate was in session; and I did
not know that there had been a meeting of the
Committee on Finance on this measure. I do
not think it ought to be pressed upon the atten-
tion of the Senate now. I have not seen the
amendments reported by the committee, but I
have looked over the bill, and I am inclined to
think it spends more money than it makes, au-
thorizes the expenditure of more money than it
earns; and I do not think it ought to be pressed;
at this stage of the session to the exclusion of otHfer
business.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to have a vote upon it;
and if the Senate do not choose to take it up, and
it falls, or there is an extra session of Congress,
it will not be my fault.
Mr. GRIMES. I trust there will be a vote;
but 1 want it to go out in connection with that
statement that this tariff bill only reached us yes-
terday; that it has been in the hands of the Com-
mittee on Finance until an hour or an hour and a
half ago, according to the statement of the Sena-
tor; that it has not been printed; half the Sena-
tors are absent; and there is no man in the Senate
that knows what is in it, I apprehend, except the
Senator from New Hampshire himself. Certainly
his colleague on the committee [Mr. Hoive] says
he does not know anything about it. I have no
fears of an extra session of Congress. I have
seen this thing now for six years. We have al-
ways been threatened with an extra session, and
there never has been any difficulty in getting
th'rough all the appropriation bills, and a great
deal more of private legislation than the interests
of the country required.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish simply to say to the
Senator from New Hampshire that I, too, a mem-
ber of the committee, have never looked at this
bill and could got until now. I am willing to
■lion De-
SJ
up the
meet the Senator here to-morrow morning at nine
o'clock or ten-
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Say ten o'clock, and let
us>adjourn now.
Mr. CONNESS. At ten o'clock, and go on
with these important bills; but I ask him to-give
us this night for legislation that to us is of the
greatest consequence. 1 hope the Senator will
withdraw his motion.
Mr. CLARK. If I could feel certain that the
Senate would be ready at ten o'clock or even
eleven o'clock to-morrow to proceed at once to
the consideration of the tariff bill I would not in-
sist on my motion; butl desire to say here to the
Senator from Iowa, and to any other Senator who
has been here as long or longer than 1 have, that
1 have never seen the public business in the con-
dition in which it now is. It is no fault of the
Senate, it is no fault of the Finance Committee,
that this bill was not reported to the Senate ear-
lier. It is no fault of the Senate that the miscel-
laneous bill is not yet reported, and cannot be,
and will not be here until to-morrow unless we
sit here to-night and receive it. I submit to Sen-
ators how the public business is to be done. I
will withdraw the motion.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that wHen the Sen-
ate adjourns it adjourn to meet to-morrow morn-
ing: at ten o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
can only be considered by unanimous consent.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not think there will be
any objection.
Mr. POWELL. I object.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope the Senator will with-
draw his objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection be-
ing made, the motion cannot be entertained
frekdmen'S BUREAU.
Mr. "WILSON. I now move to take up
conference report on the Freedmen's Bureau bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Massachusetts can call up the report, ac-
cording to the usage of the Senate, without a
motion.
Mr. HARLAN. I think not. He can make
the report, but he has no right to call it up unless
it be the will of the Senate that it be taken from
the table. If it can be done by unanimous con-
sent, so as not to displace this bill, I shall not
object to it.
Mr. WILSON. Letushaveavote. Nobody
objects to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The report of
the committee is before the Senate and will be
read.
The Secretary read the report, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill (H. It. No. 51) entitled "An act
to establish a Bureau of Freedmen's Affairs," having met,
after full and free conference have agreed to recommend to
their leapective Houses as follows: that theSenate recede
from their amendment to the said bill, and the committee
agree to the following as a substitute:
An act to establish a Bureau for the Relief of Freedmen
and Refugees.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United Statesof Ameiicain Congress assembted, That
there is hereby established in the War Depaitment, to con-
tinue during the present war of rebellion, and lor one year
thereafter, a Bureau of Refugees, Freedmen, and Aban-
doned Lands, to which shall be committed, as heieinafter
provided, the supervision and management of ail abandoned
lands, and the control of all subjects relating to refugees
and freedmen from rebel States, or from any district of
country within the territory embraced in the operations of
the Army, under such luies and regulations as may be pre-
scribed by the head of the bureau and approved by the Presi-
dent. The said bureau shall be underthe management and
control of a Commissioner, to he appointed by the Presi-
dent, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
who>e compensation shall be §3,000 per annum, and such
number of clerks as maybe asoijrned to him by the Sec-
retary of War, not exceeding one chief cleric, two of the
fourth class, two of the third eiass, three of the second
class, and five of the first class. And the Commissioner
and all persons appointed under this act shall, before enter-
ing upon their duties, take the oath of office prescribed in
an act entitled {,An act to prescribe an oath of office, and
for other purposes," approved J uly 2,1862. And the Com-
missioner and the chiv.f clerk &hall, before entering upon
their duties, give bonds to the Treasurer of the United
States, the former in the sum of $50,000, ami the latter in
the sum of §10,000, conditioned for the faithful discharge
of their duties respectively, with securities to be approved
as sufficient by the Attorney General, which bonds thai! be
filed in the office of the First Comptiollcr of the Treasury,
to be by him put in suit for the benefit of any injured party,
upon any breach of the conditions thereof.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That (be Secretary of
War may direct such issues of provisions, clothing, and fuel
as he may deem needfulfor the immediate and temporary
shelter and supply of destitute and suffering refugees, and
freedmen, and their wives and chii<|rett, undertsqcii ruie^
and regulations as be may direct. '
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the President
may, by and with the advice and' consent of-theSenafc^
appoint an assistant commissioner for each of,theStates,
declared to be in insurrection, not exceeding in n^mber^
who shall, urider the direction of the Commissioner, aid In
the execution of the provisions of this act; SmMie shall
give a bond to the Treasurer of the United States in-the
sum of $20,000, in the form and manner.prescribed i« tl)e
firpt section of this act. JGach of said asfdsiant'comrais-
siOncrs shall receive ah annual salary of §2,500, in fnif com-
pensation for all his services. And any military officer may
be detailed and assigned to duty under this act without in-
crease of pay or allowances. The Commissioner shall, be-
fore the commencement of each regular session of Con-
gress, make full report of his proceedings, with exhibits of
the state of his accounts, to the President, who shall com-
municate the same to Congress, and shail also make special
reports whenever required to do so by the President or
either Hou«e of Congress. And the assistant commission-
ers shall make quarterly reports of their proceedings to the
Commissioner, and also such other special reports as from
time to time may be required.
Sec. 4. And he it further enacted^ That the Commissioner,
under the direction of the President, shall have authority
to set apart for the use of loyal refugees and freedmen such
tracts of land, within the insurrectionary States, as shall
have been abandoned, or to which the United States shall
have acquired title by confiscation, or sale, or otherwise.
And to every male citizen, whether refugee or freedman,
as aforesaid, there shall be assigned not more than forty
acres of such land; and the person to whom it so a - '
signed shall be protected in the use and enjoyment of the
innd for the term of three years, at an annual rent not ex-
ceeding six per cent, upon the value dfvaid land as it was
appraised by the State authorities in the year I860, for the
purpose of taxation; and in case no such appraisal can he
found, then the rental shall be based upon the estimated
value of the land in said year, to be ascertained in &ucft
manner as the Commissioner may, by regulation, prescribe.
At the end of said term, or at any time during said term,
the occupants of any parcels so assigned may purchase the
laud, atfu receive *-uch title thereto as the United States can
cony^y. upon paying therefor the value of the land, as as-
eerfained and fixed tor the purpose of determining the an-
nual rent as aforesaid.
Sec. 5. Jind be it further enacted, Tjmtall acts and parte
of acts inconsistent with the provisions of this act are
hereby repealed,
HENRY WILSON,
james harlan,
w. %. vvilley,
* Managers on the part of the Senate*
robert C. SCHENCK,' '
george s. bout well,
james s. rollins,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. POWELL. I cannot s
to this report.
This is a matter of very greatimportance, indeed,
and I move that the report be laid upon the table
to allow Senators time to examine it; and let.us
have a vote upon it when we have a full •Senate^
That bill will involve an expense to thisGovern-
ment of millions upon millions of dollars, arid
put these freedmen, as they are called,in a state
of peonage. 1 do not think a more offensive
bill has been presented to this Congress, or one
that requires greater deliberation and more mature
consideration. It will create a multitude of office-
holders. it will send them upon these States as
the locusts were sent upon Egypt, and they will
be quite as destructive to the people there, in
my judgment, this report ought to lie upon the
table to enable Senators to look at it, and then,
to-morrow moaning,if the Senate be full and they
choose to pass it, very well. I move that it be
laid on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I cannot vote
in favor of this report of the committee of confer-
ence. It places this whole subject in the control
and under the superintendence of the Secretary
of War. It becomes a sort of appendage to the
War Department; and the government, if there
shall be anything in the shape of government,
established among the negro population, will bo
a sort of military government. For one, 1 am
not in favor of extending that peculiar jurisdic-
tion any further than is required by absolute ne-
cessity, and I do not think it is required by neces-
sity to be extended among the blacks. The report
is full of imperfections. It is wanting in speci-
fication of the powers and authorities given to
the commissioners and other officers who are re-
quired to act under it. It is a loosely drawn
statute—one which, in my opinion, is capable of
great abuse, furnishing perpetual occasion for
construction and interpretation; wanting in cer-
tainty and in precision in all points; and, sir,
rather than vote for such a bill as that, anxious
as t am to establish a good and salutary system
over the freedmen, I prefer to have none at all.
This is all I have to say on the subject.
Mr, POWELL. Mr; President; I regret that
