1808
im CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 2,
we are, forced to enter upon the discussion of this
bill at this time of night with so thin a Senate.
We have had no opportunity to look at it. I hope
the Senator from Massachusetts will agree to let
it lie over until we can look into it and be pre-
pared to make our remarks upon it. I will agree
not to discuss it at any length to-morrow.
Mr. WILSON. It has been forty-eight hoars
before the Senate.
Mr. POWELL. Does not the Senator know
that every minute of our time has been employed;
bo much so that I did not know this report was
printed until it was sent up to the desk to be read?
The Senator from Massachusetts knows very
well that we have had no time to look into this bill
at all; and I doubt whether there is a Senator
here, except those who were on the committee of
conference, that has even read it over. It is cer-
tainly not proper to force a vote on such a bill as
this at this time of the night, without giving us
one moment to look at it. lean say to Senators
who advocate this bill that if they pass it, the
time will come very quickly when they will re-
gret it. It will do the poor negro no good. It will
qp the white man that they attempt to relieve no
good. But the result will be that you will send
and fasten upon this country a swarm of office-
holders who will eat up the substance of the peo-
ple. Why, sir, it establishes anew bureau; and
it places all the abandoned lands in all the rebel
districts under the control of these persons, to be
rented out and leased out for three years. These
overseers and negro-drivers that you are to send
down there will be your broken-down politicians
and your dilapidated preachers, half theologians
arid half worlulians. Under this system the south-
ern country will be very much like the carcass
•When the carrion crow and the buzzard come
about. The men who are to go down there and
become overseers and negro-drivers will be that
description of men who are too lazy to work and
just a. little too honest to steal. That is the kind
of crew that you propose to fasten upon these
poor negroes.
Sir, I nave more sympathy for the negro than
those who desire the passage of this bill. If you
make him a free man, and he is worthy of being
ft free jnan, allow him to go forth and attend to his
own interests in his own way without putting up
a set of overseers over him to rent him out, and
lease and contract and supervise and superintend
liim. Why, sir, you had better put these negroes
in the poor-house at once than do that. All these
officers will have large salaries. The bill is ac-
companied with a great many details, and, as has
been very justly and aptly remarked by the Sen-
ator from Michigan, it seems to be wanting in
form; itseems to be wantingin particularity. The
duties and responsibilities of these officers are not
particularly or sharply enough defined. In every
respect, from the hasty reading that I have heard
at the Secretary's desk, it is imperfect. It is
•wrong in principle and will work badly in prac-
tice.
Sir, I am astonished that the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts, who has preached so much
for negro equality and negro in telligence, now that
Home of these negroes are turned loose by the
policy of his party, thinks so poorly of them as
to put masters over them to manage them. 1 am
opposed to placing overseers over freedmen. It
would be far better for those poor negroes if you
allowed them to stay in a state of slavery than to
treat them thus. The master has care for them;
he has consideration for them. It is certainly to
his interest to protect them so far as to preserve
them and feed them and clothe them well. It is
their labor that he desires. But, sir, all thatcare
and thoughtfulness that will make the master
watch closely over them will not animate these
overseers and office-holders you send down there.
They will give them that kind of care that the
■wolf gives the lamb.
In the name of God, sir, do you want one half
the people of this country to become salaried of-
ficers? Do you wish abureau for every purpose ?
Do you intend that every interest of the people
of the country, shall be managed by bureaus in
your War Office and your other Departments ?
This is a step far in that direction. Here you
give up the whole of these abandoned lands to
these overseers, or commissioners, or by what-
ever name you call them. You send theca down
there, and say they may lease tRem out for (Juee
years to these freedmen. I .venture to say that if
you pass this bill you will have a thousand of
these office-holders hanging aboutliere, when you
get sick and tired of this scheme, telling you the
negroes cannot be maintained at all unless you
have this kind of system upon them. I entreat
Senators not to enter upon this kind of legislation
without giving time for consideration. The Sen-
ate is very thin to-night. Let this report lie on
the table. Let us have time to look at it. Let
us have time to consider it. Let us have time to
vote intelligently upon it.
Mr. COWAN. With the consent of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky,! will move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope not.
Mr. COWAN called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 12, nays 16; as follows!
TEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buekaiew, Cowan, Farweli,
Harris, Morrtll, Nesmltit, Pomeroy, Powell, Trumbull, Van
Winkle, and Wiiley—12.
NAYS—Mcssis. Brown, Clark, Conness, Foster, Harlan,
Howard, Lane of Kansas,MeDougali. Morgan, Nye, Ram-
sey, Sprajiue, Stewart, Sumner, Wade, and Wilson—16.
ABSENT—Messrs. Carlilc, Chandler, Collamer, Davis,
Dixon, DooIIttle, Foot,Grimes, Hale,Harding, Henderson,
Hendricks, Howe, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Richardson,
Riddle, Sauisbury, Sherman, Ten Eyck, Wilkinson, and
Wright—22.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. CONNESS. I understand that the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky withdraws his ob-
jection to the motion 1 made that the hour of
meeting to-morrow be ten o'clock.
Mr. POWELL. Y«g, sir; I withdraw my ob-
jection to that motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It can be en-
tertained only by general consent. The Chair
hears no objection. It is moved that when the
Sefiate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet to-mor-
fow at ten o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. I now more to postpone the
pending subject 
Mr. SUMNER. I hope not.
Mr. CONNESS. We cannot get a vote to-
night upon it, and we can do other business if
this is laid aside; and I ask my friend to be
reasonable in this matter.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask the Senator to be reason-
able in this matter. [Laughter.]
Mr. CONNESS. I voted with my friend on
this subject; but I am satisfied we cannot dispose
of it to night; and I therefore move that the fur-
ther consideration of this report be postponed
until to-morrow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the question,
and declared that the motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. If the understanding is that
the report goes over informally, I shall not object.
Mr. GRIMES. The Chair has the faculty of
deciding so promptly to-night that it is impossi-
ble for those who are dissatisfied with the decis-
ions to rise in time to call for a division.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Senator
calls for a division, the Chair will consider the
vote as not."being taken.
Mr. GRIMES, i call for a division.
Mr. COWAN. It is too late. The Chair de-
cided it, and no objection was made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not too
late. If the Senator from lowaobjected, theChair
did not hear it; but Senators must be aware that
at this stage of the session it is necessary to
transact business as rapidly as possible. The
question is on the motion of the Senator from
California to postpone the further consideration
of this report until to-morrow.
The question being taken, there were, on a
division—ayes 13, noes 8; no quorum voting.
Mr. WILSON called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 12, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buekalew, Conness, Cowan,
Harlan, Howard, Nesrnith, Pomeroy, Powell, Stewart, Von
Winkle, and Wiiley—12. ' '
NAYS—Messrs. Clark, Foster, Grimes, Harris, Lane of
Indiana, Lane of Kansas, MeDougall, Morgan, Morrill,
Nye, Ramsey, Sprague, Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, and
Wilson—16.
ABSENT—-Messrs. Brown, Carlilc, Chandler, Collamer,
Davis, Dixon, Dooiittle, Fnrwell, Foot, Uale, Ilarding,
Henderson, Hendricks, Howe, Johnson, Richardson
Middle, Saulshury. Sherman, Tea £vck, Wilkinson, and
Wright—23. "
So the motion was not agreed to. j
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on agreeing to the report of the committee of
conference.
Mr. POWELL. I move thattheSenateadjourn.
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator will withdraw
that motion,I will make a statement.
Mr. POWEH*. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Kentucky
is very anxious to examine this report, and our
friends here are very anxioua to act on somo
other bills to-night. I wish to have as little time
as possible taken in acting,on this measure; lam
very anxious to get a vote on it, and a vote to-
night if possible; but if the Senator and those who
act with him will agree to-let us have a vote to-
morrow I will let it go over.
Mr. SUMNER. Make it the special order for
half past ten o'clock to-morrow morning.
Mr. CONNESS. Do not make it a special
order.
Mr. SUMNER. Make it the special order at
half past ten o'clock merely to take the vote.
Mr. CONNESS. We cannot afford to make
special orders in view of the condition of the ap-
propriation bills. We will do the best wo can.
Mr. WILSON. I believe a conference report
has a preference, so that it is in order to coll it
up at any time. I will let it go ov«r, if the Sen-
ator from Kentucky wishes to examine it further;
with the understanding that we take the vote to-
morrow.
Mr. POWELL. I do wish to examine thifj
report and the new bill it presents, and I want to
have it voted upon in a full Senate. I will say to
the Senator from Massachusetts for myself that
I will make no factious opposition against it. I
cannot covenant, howeyer, for others; but for
myself I will make no factious opposition, and I
will advise none. That is as far as I can go. I
wish to keep all covenants that I make, and i
will do so, and I want to make none that I cannot
keep.
Mr. GRIMES, (at half past eleven o'clock.)
I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. CONNESS called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 10, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messes. Cowan, Farweil. Foster, Grimes, Lane
of Indiana, Morrill, Powell, Trumbull, Van Winkle, aatl
Wiiley—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony,Brown, nuekaIew,Ciark,Con-
ness, Dooiittle, Harlan, Howard, Lane of Kansas, MeDou-
gall, Morgan, Nesmith, Nye, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sprague,
Stewart, Sumner, Wade, and Wilson—20.
ABSENT—Messrs. Carhie, Chandler, Collamer, Davis,
Dixon,Foot, Haie, Harding, Harris, Henderson,Hendricks,
Howe, Johnson, Richardson, Riddle, Sauisbury, Sherman,
Ten Eyck, Wilkinson, and Wright—20.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. WILSON. Now, to accommodate the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, I move to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of the report until to-morrow.
I shall tfien call it up at eleven o'clock; he says
he wil/not want to speak over ten minutes.
Tlje motion was agreed to.
CONSOLIDATION OF INDIAN TRIBES,
r. CONNESS. I ask the indulgence of the
Senate 
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. We can dispose of
the bill before us while the Senator from Califor-
nia is calling up his bill.
Mr. CONNESS. If there will be no discussion
on that bill 1 will yield to it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Let us try.
Mr. CONNESS. I give way,
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I call for the regular
order of business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill (S.
No. 459) to provide for the consolidation of the
Indian tribes, and to establish civil government
in the Indian Territory, is before the Senate, the
question being on its passage.
Mr. CONNESS called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President,! wish to say
a word on this bill before the vote is taken. This
bill proposes a complete revolution in the princi-
ples which lie.at the bottom of our Indian policy.
Hitherto the United States have not assumed to
possess political power over the Indian tribes;
hitherto we have regarded the Indian tribes in
most respects as independent nations. The Con-
federation treated each of the independent tribes
as possessing political sovereignty. That prin-
ciple was regarded and acted upon by the gov-
