-1885.
ffiffi i(X)^GRESSIONALOL0il.
wnments of all the colonies even before the for-
mation of the Confederation. It was acted upon
by England ill all her intercourse with the Indian
tribes. And the principle of the tribal ind&pend-
'ence of the Indian nations is consecrated by a
clause in the Constitution of the United States
which declares that Congress shall lmve po wer to
regulate commerce with foreign nations, among
the several States, and with the Indian tribes—a
plain recognition of thenationality;if you please,
of each one of those Indian tribes; a nationality
which is as distinct and independent of us as is
the nationality of bny foreign country, subject to
this limitation and qualification, that as to the
lands owned and occupied by the Indian tribes the
United States claim and enforce the right of be-
coming the first purchasers—in that respect, and
I believe in no other respect, treating the Indian
tribes merely as their wards and friends.
Now, sir, what does this billpropose? Itpro-
poses to institute over the I ndian tribes, or certain
of them, a governmentestablished by the author-
ity of Congress, enforced within certain geograph-
ical limits by the power of Congress,and enforced
ov«r the Indians individually and over their tribes
os tribes. I deny that Congress have any power
to exercise political authority over the Indian
tribes as sucn. They are as independent of us
in this respect ae we are of them. This bill de-
clares that '.'said government," that is the con-
solidated government, "shall not be permitted to
interfere with or to affect in any way the vigil ts of
any Indian tribe at peace with the United States
residing and being in said Territory, secured by
treaty between the United States and such In-
dians, without the consent of said tribe ortvibes,
or to affect the authority of the United States to
make any regulations respecting such Indians,
■theirlands, property, or other rights, by treaty,
law, or otherwise, which it would have been com-
petent for the United States to make if this act
had not taken effect." Let me not be misunder-
stood, Mr. President, on this subject, and let not
Senators be misled as to the effect of this clause:
"That said'government shall not be permitted to inter-
fere with or affect in any way the rights of any Indian tribes
tit peace with the United States residing and being in said
Terrltoty, secured by treaty between the United States and
such Indians, without the consent of said tribe or tribes,"
Leaving all other rights, all other relations
which are not affected by a treaty to be regulated
by the authority of the United States and not by
the authority of the tribes as has always existed
heretofore.
Again, sir, this bill, after providing for the ap-
pointmentofa Governor and secretary oftheTer-
ritory by the President of the United States, pro-
ceeds to declare that the affairs of the Indians
within the geographical limits mentioned shall be
regulated by a Legislative Council, and that Legis-
lative Council to be composed of Indians elected,
and if they cannot be elected for certain reasons
stated in the bill, to be appointed by the Governor
of the Territory.
Mr. HARLAN. The Legislative Council may
be elected by the tribes; but if for any cause they
shall not elect, the chiefs, to be taken in the order
of their authonty in the tribe, are to be members
of the Council.
- Mr. HOWARD. I think I am not mistaken
as to the clause to which I refer; but it is riot ma-
terial; I do not mean to misrepresent the bill, nor
have I any doubt of the pure intentions of the very
competent Indian Committee of this body who
reported the bill. I do not rise to find any fault
with them, or censure them in any degree, or im-
pute anything but the best intentions to them; but,
sir, the bill proceeds:
"That the legislative power of the Territory shall extend
to all rightful subjects and matters pertaining to the inter-
course ol the Indian tribes in said Territory, and the ad-
ministration of internal justice and the punishment of
crimes, and the civilization and Improvement of the peo-
ple, consistent with tiie Constitution and laws of the Uni-
ted States."
Now, sir, I ask the honorable committee who
reported this bill where in the Constitution they
find authority given to the Congressof the United
Slates to enact penal laws for the punishment of
Indians, members of Indian tribes? Of course
none whatever. That principle has been decided
often by-the courts.
Mr. HARLAN. With the Senator's consent,
I will explain. It is not intended that Congress"
shall pass laws on that subject, but that the In-
dians themselves shall do it'; and the bill proceeds
in another clause to declare that the rules and
regulations of the Indian tribes themselves shall
be recognized.
Mr. BUCICALEW. Has the Governor a veto ?
Mr. HARLAN. He has a veto on the bills
the Council pass, to prevent them making any
•law which would be in conflict with the civil policy
of this Government,and I will say to the Senate
that it is not new so far as that feature is con-
cerned. W e have heretofore provided'repeatedly
for the consolidation of Indian tribes by their con-
sent; this only provides for it with their consent.
Mr. HOWARD. There is the distinction: this
bill provides for the coercive consolidation of
these Indian tribes.
Mr. HARLAN. Not at all.
Mr. HOWARD. Yes. The conseM of,the
Indians is not to be given to the appointing of
the Governor, is it? Nor to the appointment of
the secretary, is it? The conscnt of the Indians
has nothing to do with the passage of the bill
here. WesendaGovernoramong them,and asec-
retary of the Territory. This is the excuse upon
which this new Indian government is passed.
Mr. HARLAN. If it is not annoying to the
Senator to be interrupted by me, I think we shall
get to a proper understanding in that way. The
Governor is superintendent of Indian affairs; we
have him there now exercising the same authority
substantially that'this bill provides for.
Mr. HOWARD. Undoubtedly; but let me
proceed with my argument. By what authority
is it that justice is administered or crime punished,
in ti. language of the bill, in this Indian Ter-
ritory? The answer plainly is the authority of
the United States. The whole proceeding takes
place in pursuance of act of Congress, under the
authority of Congress, and without that act of
Congress it would not take place. Now, the point
which I make is that Congress has no power to
interfere in this matter; it has no jurisdiction what-
ever.
Mr. HARLAN. Allow me to explain. This is
being done now constantly in an irregular mode;
the Indian agents do this now. Ifan Indian steals
of another Indian, he is arrested by authority of
the Indian agent, and he decides as between the
parties. This bill proposes that it shall be done
by a court regularly constituted, and not by an
Indian agent, who is frequently appointed with-
out reference to his judicial capacity.
Mr. HOWARD. It can hardly be said that
this legal proceeding depends entirely on the will
of the Indian, when in the same bill it ia provided
that any judgment rendered by that court may be
taken by appeal to the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States. I take it that is a tolerably accurate
test as to the source of the power which is exer-
cised in this case.
It seems to me to be an attempt—for I wish to
consume no time on the subject—to extend over
the Indian tribes a jurisdiction which is entirely
a stranger to them, which is unwelcome to them,
inconsistent with their habits, and I fear destruc-
tive of their nationality, destructive of their in-
terests and of their habits. Sir, 1 think we have
no authority to intermeddle with their affairs in
this way. We treat with them as independent
nations; we have recognized them as such a thou-
sand times; what right have we, then, to under-
take to treat them as subject to our laws, or to
subject them to a jurisdiction which emanates
exclusively from us? It is a novelty, Mr. Presi-
dent; it has not been before the country at all.
The bill was laid on our tables on the 20th of last
month. 1 really have not had an opportunity to
read the bill through even at this moment. I
think it will take the whole country by surprise.
I think instead of promoting the interests of the
Indian tribes it will be destructive of those inter-
ests, and I am not prepared at this period of the
session to embark tn what is to me so dangerous
a novelty as this consolidation Indian bill.
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President, I was very
much struck with the remark of the Senator from
California [Mr. Conness] as to the length of
the time which I had occupied in my remarks
upon this bill. It is amazing how much longer
a speech seems to those who hear it than it does
to him who makes it. While the Senator from
California, listening to my remarks, was under
the impression that T. had bfeen speaking an houK
I thought! had been speaking much less, arid
inasmuch as 1 am enabled to quote from
clock, 1 can show just how long I was speakih|f,
and how much he was mistaken in this chse.
As a general rule 1 admit, haying had some ex-
perience in this matter, that those who listen
judge more accurately as to the time occtfplM
than they who speak. I began to speak at twenty
minutesp'ast ten. I was interrupted occasion's!ly,
and the Senator from California was making his '
remarks as to the fact that the clock had not lliejh
quite got round to the hour; it was five minutes
before eleven; so that I was on the floor from
twenty minutes past ten until five minutes before
eleven.
Mr. NESMITH. The Senator will permit ma
to say that I think lean decide that question, for
I am a disinterested judge, because I did not
listen to either of them. [Laughter.] I think
the Senator from Connecticut spoke the longest.
[Laughter.]
Mr. FOSTER. I am not comparing thelength
of time, I am only submitting to the Senator from
California that he was mistaken. I was upon thr
floor just thirty-five minutes, during which tima
the Senator from California, the Senator from
Iowa, the Senator from Wisconsin, the Senator
from Kansas, and several others whom I have
forgotten, occupied their two, three, four, or five
minutes apiece, leaving me only about twenty
minutes, which to the Senator from California
seemed an hour. Now, I confess to him in fall
candor that 1 hare frequently been as much mis-
taken when he has been speaking, and when he has
not spoken more than twenty or twenty-five min-
utes it has seemed to me an hour at the very least.
I presume it is the experience of all of us who
listen that those who speak seem to speak about
twice as long as they really do,and probably four
times as long as they themselves think they do.
But, sir, this is by the way. It is aside from tha
question. *
I agree entirely with what the honorable Sen-
ator from Michigan has said in regard to tha
power jpf Congress to legislate over these Indian
tribes. We have no power whatever. We have
no more right to legislate for these Indians than
we have to legislate for the people of Mexico, or
of any European nation; and there is a kind of
meanness in undertaking to exercise poWerover
those who cannot resist which the United States
ought not to be guilty of. If we want to'try oar
strength in legislation or otherwise let us'chooss
a Power, I will not say equal to us, for those
Powers are rare, but let us choose one that his
some ability to offer resistance. Do not let ua
fasten upon a poor Indian tribe who are subject
to us and who are powerless in our hands.
Mr. President, as to the provision in this bill
that no legislation of this sort and no power which
this bill contemplates shall be exercised over these
people without their consent, it is too transparent
ahumbug toreceiveany consideration here. HriW
is this tribe to give consent? We appoint these
officers and make this a Territory of the United
States, with thelndians'consent. Who istoas-
certain whether they give their consent or not,
and how is this consent to be obtained? Does the
bill intimate the manner that they shall give their
consent?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Expressly by treaty
stipulations.
Mr. FOSTER. With whom shall that treaty
be made?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. With the tribe.
Mr. FOSTER. With the tribe. Who is the
chief of that tribe ?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Colonel Browning is
the acting chief.
Mr. FOSTER. As I understand, he is not the
chief of the tribe, but another man is chief.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Let me correct the
Senator. The Cherokees electa first chief and a
second chief, and require them to take an oath.
The election has taken place since John Ross
has been in Philadelphia. He must be there to
take oath. Browning is there and has taken the
oath. Ross has not been there, and will not go
there in my opinion; and the Senator is speaking
in behalf of a man who is rejected by his people.
Mr. FOSTER. It happens very much as I
anticipated. The man who will give his consent
