5U
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1.
land, for Pennsylvania, for New York, or any
other State exclusively; but we should stand here
ready to appropriate money for Nevada, for Cali-
fomia* for Oregon, or any other portion of the
-United-States wbere an appropriation may be de-
manded by the best interests of the whole people.
Sir, take in my own district the product of one
dingier article,, which is recognized, at any rate,
by this Government as legitimate, if it is not by
thosfe;who are very great sticklers for moral re-
form:? the production of high wines. The pro-
duction of high wines alone consumes in the city
of -Peoria from three to five million bushels of
grain annually; and-but for the fact that that
isay&facture is carried on there, this corn might
rot in the granaries of the farmer. We reduce
-the bulk of the, corn by putting it into high wines,
/and in that manner we can, to some extent, re-
duce the cost of transportation between Peoria
and New York. From the manufacture of that
?U'ticlc .alone, the United States Treasury has
.already since the internal revenue act has gone
into operation, reaped a revenue of about live
-million, dollars: and whenever the present stock
on hand, which has worried my friend from
Illinois [Mr. Washburne] so much, shall be con-
sumed, the establishments in Peoria alone will
produce sufficient high wines to pay, at the rate
of two dollars per gallon, a tax of $10,000,000
annually into the Treasury of this Government.
That is for only one district, and only one arti-
cle. And is it to be said that this Congress will
vote down the amendment of the gentleman from
the Chicago district, [Mr. Arnold,] when it is
shown that $5,000,000, one half the amount that
is paid into the Treasury annually by the single
City of Peoria, will build you a canal; and im-
prove the navigation of the Illinois river from the
Mississippi to Lake Michigan,where you can pass
your gunboats,your transports,and your muni-
lions of war, forever free? Why, sir, this is, upon
the part of the State of Illinois, a grand offer to
the Government. This, sir, is but a paltry and
niggardly sum in view of the enormous benefits
that are to result from the appropriation.
Now, sir, I have said this much with regard to
this proposed improvement merely in a commer-
cial point of view, a point of view which looks to
the promotion of the pecuniary welfare of the peo-
ple. In a military point of view it is, perhaps, of
equal importance; and 1 know it is of equal im-
portance if we should become involved in a war
with Great Britain. I have seen it stated that the
British Government has already ordered thirty
gunboats to be built, in view of the troubles which
are about to arise,or which,atleast, are threaten-
ing in the horizon between this country and Can-
ada, It may not be true; but after the abrogation
of our treaty with them m reference to the amount
of naval force to be maintained on the lakes by
cither party, Great Britain could and probalij^y
would put upon every lake a powerful fleet.
Now, build the Niagara ship-canal, find where
ore the gunboats to come from? You have got
to build them unless you give us the Illinois im-
provements. Give us that canal, and the gun-
boats are ready to be transferred from the Missis-
sippi to any of the lakes anywhere on that line
of communication. What are you going to do
with the gunboats already floating upon the waters
of the Mississippi, and which have achieved so
much toward crushing out this rebellion ? Are
you going to suffer them to rot? But those gun-
boats will be of no earthly service upon the west-
ern waters. What is to be done with them ? Are
they going to lie like lifeless hulks at the levee
and rot in the sun; or are you going to act with
foresight, and wisdom, and make these appropii-
ations not only for the Niagaia ship-canal, but
also for the Illinois and Michigan canal, so that
these gunboats may be used not only on the Mis-
sissippi but upon the waters of the great lakes?
Mr. MOORtlEAD. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Illinois whether he thinks that those
gunboats on the Mississippi liver would answer
for the navigation of the lakes; whether they
would stand a storm there, and, indeed, whether
they could be used there at all.
Mr. INGERSOLL. 1 think they could be
used there, and I will tell the gentlemen how, I
have no idea that there would be a raging storm
on the canal, and therefore I believe they could
go as far as Chicago, at least. The gentleman j
will probably agree with mo in that. And Chi* |
cago is the western metropolis and is to-day
vying with the metropolis on the Atlantic coast.
Chicago is a metropolis worth defending. At
that place is stored at all times millions of grain,
the product of the western States. That place is
worth being defended; and these very gunboats
-and other gunboats upon the Atlantic coast can be
transferred to Chicago, Cleveland, Toledo, and
other places on the lakes which are of sufficient
importance to demand defense. I believe that
most of the gunboats built on the Mississippi
river might be used to advantage on the lakes.
Mr, ARNOLD. For all purposes of harbor
defenses on the lakes those boats would be per-
fectly suitable. Many of them are suitable for
the navigation of the lakes at any time, as those
familiar with them are well advised. I would
ask the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Blow,]
who is conversant with the subject, if I am not
corrcct.
Mr. BLOW. I would remind the gentleman
from the Pittsburg district, [Mr. Moorhead,]
that two of the finest vessels now floating were
built on the Mississippi, and are now off Mobile;
and that to one of them that great naval victory
achieved under Admiral Farragut is to be attrib-
uted. It was the Chickasaw, a two-turreted
monitor, which threw the shell which disabled
the Tennessee. Those two vessels went down
the Mississippi, passed around into the Gulf,
anchored in front of the fort, ran past the fort,
and attacked the Tennessee, which surrendered
to the flag of our country. I would also state
further that they were built six miles below the
city of St. Louis, that they are sea-going vessels,
and of course adequate to the navigation of the
lakes, and, as I believe, to the defense and pro-
tection of the ports upon the lakes.
Mr. ARNOLD. The Secretary of the Navy
states that all these vessels can be transported to
the lakes by the enlargement of the Illinois and
Michigan canal.
Mr. MOORIIEAD. One word more. I do not
desire to embarrass this bill, but the members of
the House who were here when this matter was
discussed a year ago will recollect very well that
we had the testimony of Commodore Foot, and
other gentlemen who knewail about this subject,
stating explicitly that these liver boats could not
live through a storm on the lakes; that they were
not intended for lake navigation, and could not be
used there. At that time I took the liberty of de-
nouncing this scheme as useless if it was meant
as a military necessity to take gunboats from the
river and put them on the lakes. 1 admit that
this is a great commercial project, and I have no
desire to oppose it; but I do not want it to be voted
for here under false pretenses. There is no ob-
ject in having a-canal for the purpose of bringing
gunboats from the Mississippi river that could
not live on the lakes and could not be used there.
Mr. ARNOLD. In reply to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, 1 will read the statement of
the Secretary of the Navy on this subject. He
says:
u The United States have at this time one hundred naval
vessels on ihe Mississippi and its tributaries. Steamei&ol
iron will endute (or year* in liessh water, and the naval
ve-^pls which the Government may place on these rivers
will be probeived. Should the projected water communi-
calion connecting the lioithern lakes with the Mississippi
by an enlarged ship-canal bo earned into eftect, tbeMis&i -
sippi yqtiadion could be made available for the defense of
our noiiliein iwnticr when circumstances require it. This
squadron carrier lour bundled and s>ixty-two guns and live
thousand live bundled men."
That is the statement of the Secretary of the
Navy upon this identical question and about these
identical vessels.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Speaker, I had not
looked for any objection from Pennsylvania.
Pennsylvania can afford to be even prodigal just
now. I understand they have "struck lie"
[Laughter.] From that one source alone Penn-
sylvania has been enriched neatly sixty-five or
seventy million dollars,and has a source of wealth
that appears to be inexhaustible.
Mr. STEVENS. I would say to the gentle-
man that wo lost more than that by tho taking
off of the duty on railroad iron last year.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Willthe gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] inform the House
what the profit of Pennsylvania was upon her
iron trade before the duty was taken off?
I do not envy the prospeiity of Pennsylvania,
but I believe it is true that Pennsylvania, from her
iron, her coal, and her oil, has made herself one
of the richest States in this Union.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Except, if
the gentleman will allow me, for her canals, which
have swamped her with $40,000,000 of debt.
Mr.INGERSOLL. Well, she is able fo pay
it. If she is not I will help her to do it. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. She is,and
I am glad of it, by reason of her iron, her coal, and
her oil.
Mr. INGERSOLL. What would Pennsyl-
vania be to-day without the railroads and canals
which she now has? Without these her mines of
wealth would lie hidden in her bosom.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Dries the
gentleman make the inquiry of me what she would
be?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I mean in an agricultural
point of view.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I shall
have to call for a division of the question. The
experience of Pennsylvania has shown her that
canals never can compete with railways.
Mr. INGERSOLL. That is not the experi-
ence of New York. Nor is it the experience of
Illinois.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. The gen-
tleman will allow me to state further that we had
to give away part of our canals to somebody who
would build tho balance.
Mr. INGERSOLL. 1 am not surprised at that.
Pennsylvania is not essentially an agricultural
State, and they have not much to transport ex-
cept iron and coal and petroleum.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. That
rather contradicts the compliment which the gen-
tleman lias paid to the wealth of my State.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Not at all. I make the
exception in favor of your oil, of your iron, and
of your coal; and I only hope that the source of
your oil may never fail, that your mines of iron
will never be exhausted, and that you will go on
prospering and to prosper until Pennsylvania has
more money than the national debt amounts to
to-day; and I hope, in addition, that Pennsylvania
may ever be like the widow's cruse, never failing
to furnish the oil. [Laughter.]
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I would like
to inquire of the gentleman from Illinois whether
or not he is acquainted with the widow, or whether
he knows anything about her oil jug? [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. I rise to a point of order. The gen-
tleman from Illinois is not bound to criminate
himself. [Laughter.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. I am obliged to my friend
from Ohio, and I will avail myself of his point
of order. If there is anything that is detestable
and worthy of condemnation, it is the miserable
State prejudices that have been cultivated in this
country under the idea of State rights and State
sovereignty; an idea which has led to this terrible
rebellion. I want no more of it. 1 want to rec-
ognize every member on this floor as a Repre-
sentative of the people of the United States. 1 do
not care whether he comes from the coal mines
of Pennsylvania or the factories of Lowell. I re-
gard him only as a Representative of the whole
people of the United States, having at heart their
inteiests and their advancement. That is why I
say heie to-day that 1 am for New England. I
want to take New England by the hand when she
says to Illinois " Stand by us," and we will stand
by her; and all the powers this side of Pandemo-
nium cannot make us consent to leave her "out
in the cold." We will stand by the whole coun-
try, as the Army and Navy have stood by the
whole country.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to inquire of my friend
from Illinois in what manner he proposes to mani-
fest his attachment for the intt;iebts of New Eng-
land.
Mr. INGER.SOLL. I propose to manifest my
attachment to the interests of New England by
defending her whenever she is unjustly assailed.
I propose to defend the interests of New England
as I would defend those of Illinois: by imposing
no burden on Massachusetts which 1 would not
impose on Illinois.
Mr. DAWES. 1 would like to inquire of my
friend whether he proposes to stand by New Eng-
land by surrendering all her industrial interests
to the competition of the Old World. '
Mr. INGERSOLL. No, sir; I do not.
