THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
TIIE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS. PUBLISHED BY 1?. & J. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress. 2d Session.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1S65.
New Series No.'35.
Mr. DAWES. Then I trust my friend will
reform his votes. [Laughter.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. What one, sir?
Mr. DAWES. Onthepaperquestion. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will say to my friend
from Massachusetts that in voting for the reduc-
tion of the duty on paper I have stood by the
people of Massachusetts and against her incor-
porations. i have voted, perhaps, against the in-
terests of the gentleman, as I believe he is a man-
ufacturer of paper, [laughter] or interested in it;
but I have voted for the interests of his constitu-
ents, and I propose to do so all the time.
Mr. DAWES. If my friend does not under-
stand the interests of New England any better
than his last remarks indicate, I hope that he
will spare us any further defense of the interests
of New England. [Laughter.] We can get along
better without his defense.
Mr. INGERSOLL. So far as my friend from
Massachusetts constitutes the people of New
England, I will accept his suggestion; but so far
as the people are concerncd, i will not accept it.
They are also my people.
Mr. DAWES. I want to say to my friend
that my constituents understand their interest a
great deal better tSian he does.
Mr. INGERSOLL. 1 thought the gentleman
was going to say " a great deal better than their
Representative in Congress." [Laughter.]
Mr. STROUSE. I admire the gentleman's
patriotism and his being opposed to having any
portion of our Union left out in the cold. He
says that New England shall never be left out in
the cold. Sir, I am a friend of the industry of
New England. I admire her industry, her en-
ergy, and her prosperity, and she shall not be left
out in the cold as long as I represent the tenth
district of Pennsylvania, for we have coal enough
in that district to warm her and to heather for
yeais to come.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Well, I am very glad to
hear it, [laughter,] and I hope my friend from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Strouse] will unite with us
—the friends of progress and the friends of the
peopie—against the monopolists of the country,
and provide the means of cheap transportation for
his coal to my friend from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] and his people.
Mr. Speaker, yesterday was the grandest day
that ever dawned upon the American continent—
thut is to say, the grandest for the people and
for those Representatives who stood by the peo-
ple. And to-day may be made another grand
day in the history of our country, by aiding
our national prosperity, in aiding the people
against the monopolists of the country in giv-
ing them a cheap means of communication be-
tween the western States and the Atlantic sea-
board; by voting this miserable little appropiia-
lion, in order that we may have a canal around
the falls of Niagara, and be independent of Can-
ada and Great Britain. Let us be independent of
all your reciprocity treaties. We have got the
wealth, at least the gentlemen who oppose us on
some questions in this House will admit that if we
have not got the wealth we have the greenbacks.
Let us make this appropriation to build this ship-
canol aiound the falls of Niagara, and show by
works and deeds something of the American char-
acter, by maintaining American independence.
Let us weld the East and the West together by
means of this Illinois canal, by these mutual acts
of assistance which benefitalike all sections. Let
us do this and the people will thank us. Railroad
corporations will howl, I know, because they
must come in competition with canal-boats be-
tween Chicago and New York; but let them
howl,and while the raiiioad corporations and the
railroad monopolists howl, the teeming millions
that enrich this country, the teeming millionscast
and west, the industrial men of ail sections of the
country will rejoice, because the sun of their
prosperity is rising above the horizon, and ap-
proaching the zenith, and that,too, by the aid of
their own Representatives m Congress.
85
I believe that the people of this country are in
favor of this appropriation. The constituents of
every member here, those who are high-minded
and honorable, will say, " Vote for both of these
appropriations for the good of the country; we
have to support and maintain this Government;
give us every means of doing so." The people
must pay the taxes, and must maintain the honor
and credit of the country. How are they to do
that? They must do it by having increased stim-
ulus, by having additional means of transporta-
tion from the great producing West to the con-
sumers of the Atlantic States and the consumers
of the Oid World. Do this; do it to-day,and the
country will again be proud of you, and of us, as
I hope they may ever have occasion to be.
Mr. LITTLEJOHN addressed the House.
[His remai ks will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, obtained
the floor.
Mr. LITTLEJOHN. It was my desire, un-
less the gentleman fiom Illinois [Mr. Arnold]
desired to reply to me briefly, to move the pre-
vious question on the amendment and let this
3uestion be determined. There are but thirty
ays of the session left.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is entitled to the floor.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I do not
design to enter into a general discussion of the
question of internal improvements, nor do I de-
sign to consider whether it is ptoper for this Gov-
ernment to make an expenditure of this amount
of money for this purpose. I come to what 1 con-
sider the real point, and which has not been re-
ferred to here, and that is, whether we are able to
expend this money now. 1 have at my home letters
telling me that officers of the Army have failed to
receive anypay since the 31st of August last,and
yet gentlemen come here and ask us to advance
the money for the construction of this work at a
time when we are unable to fulfill our obligations
and carry out our contracts. I am surprised at it.
Sir, as my own State has been referred to here,
I may be permitted to allude to ourexperience in
this matter. I can tell gentlemen that we have been
swept into overwhelmingdebt by just such prop-
ositions as this. Sir, you cannot make water run
up a hill, and you cannot spend more money than
you have without running into debt, and 1 want
to guard against that.
1 admire the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ar-
nold] for his special devotion to the interests of
his constituency, and I admire the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Littlejohn] for not forgetting
Oswego, but my action must be governed by the
experience of the past. I must act, not as a Penn-
sylvanian, but as one having an eye to the finan-
cial condition of the country. What is pro-
posed here? Winle the original bill only asks for
$0,000,000, we have here a rider to it calling for
000,000 more. I should be disposed to vote for
the rider in the hope of killing the bill; but in or-
der to be consistent, I prefer to vote against both
as improvident expenditures.
Mr. JENOKES. The gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Littlejohn,] who recently had the
floor, stated that there were some here who, al-
though in favor of all these propositions, would
yet be obliged to vote against the amendment of
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Arnold.] I
am one of those, although I am in favor of all
these propositions. If it were a time of profound
peace, whether the Treasury was full or empty,
I should vote to loan the credit of this Govern-
ment to improve all our great natural highways^
for the purpose of accommodating trainc and
commerce.
But it seems to me that in the debate on this
question the point on which the amendment of the
gentleman from New Yoik rests has been de-
parted from. We are not now legislating foi in-
ternal improvements. We aienot legislating, in
the spirit of this bill, for the purpose of promot-
ing commerce, but for the purpose of national
defense. And the question which must arise at
the outset is this: why is it that, in this time of
war, when our expenditures are so enormous,any-
private company actually formed or that may be
formed in the future, or why any friends of such
a company should come to Congress and ask for
a loan of the credit of the Government to build
its works, whether railroad or canal?
My reason for supporting the amendment of
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Littleton]
is that the work which it proposes is a measure
of defense, and, so far as this Congress is con-
cerned, ofdefense alone. We find ourselves with
one formidable war on hand, and we have been
threatened with war from another quarter. Its
signs have not yet disappeared. 1 hey are re-
newed almost with every steamer that crosses
the Atlantic. If war should break out, we find a
coast of three thousand miles in extent entirely
undefended. We must build and maintain a fleet
on the lakes. The Mississippi fleet is not adapted
to the navigation of the lakes, even if it could bo
transported thither. A sea-going fleet is not
adapted to the navigation of the lakes. We must
have on the lakes a fleet ample for the defense of
the cities on their margin, and of their commerce.
That fleet must be a lake fleet. As the gentle-
man from New York has well said, build this
canal or aid private enterprise in building it, and
the lakes arc one sea. You have but an expend-
iture for one fleet on them where otherwise—the
falls of Niagara intervening—you must have two
fleets.
But, Mr. Speaker, there is no necessity, in the
present exigency of this war or of our foreign re-
lations, for this Government to pledge its credit
for the construction of canals between Lake Michi-
gan and the Mississippi, or for the improvement
of the navigation of the Mississippi or any other
river. These things must be done by private en-
terprise; or, in due time, the Government may
come to the aid of private enterprise. So far as I
am concerned, I would be willing at all times to
concede that. But, with this Niagara ehip-canal
we will have ample means of defense in case of
a rupture of our peaceful relations with Great
Britain. We have in the mean time a navigable
highway, ample for the purposes of commerce,
between Buffalo and Chicago and all the cities on
the lakes. The Niagara ship-car.al may never be
used for the purposes of war. God grant that it
may not be. But m the mean time the people of
the West will have what they ask for,an ample
highway for the pur poses of traffic and commetce,
and for the improvement and prosperity of the
great West.
Mr. LITTLEJOHN. I move the previous
question on my amendment,
Mr. ARNOLD. 1 ask the gentleman from
New York to withdraw the previous question.
Mr. LITTLEJOHN. I will if the gentleman
will renew it.
Mr. ARNOLD. I will renew it. I propose to
occupy only a few minutes.
Mr. LITTLEJOHN. Then I withdraw it.
Mr. ARNOLD. I desire to say in reply to the
gentleman from New Yoik th&t every aigument
which he has presented in favor of a canal round
the falls of Niagara operates with still greater
force in behalf of the connection between Lake
Michigan and the Mississippi. These woi ks are
not rivals. They are of the same character. They
complete a great chain of water communication
between the Mississippi and the lakes. So fnras
its military importance is concerned, the Niagara
ship-canal will not enable a single gunboat to be
placed on the lakes, whereas the Illinois and
Michigan canal would open the lakes to a hun-
dred gunboats. Asa military measure, the Niag-
ara ship-canal is therefore insignificant compared
with the other. The one interests two of the
smaller lakes, while the other interests all the
lakes and the Mississippi itself. I will notdetain
lh', 1 louse any further, but will renew the demand
for the pif\ious question.
Mr. PRUYN. Mr. Speaker, what is the con-
dition of ihe question?
The SPEAKER. At the last session of Con-*
gross House bill No. 1'2G was pending in the Com-
