546
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
in it lee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
That committee was discharged from its farther
consideration, and the bill came before the House.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Little-
john] moved an amendment in the nature of a
substitute to the entire bill, pending which the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Arnold] moved to
add to the substitute. The pending question is
on the amendment of the substitute, on which the
previous question has been demanded.
. The previous Question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.-
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I would ask if
that cuts off any further amendment?
The SPEAKER. It does not; the previous ques-
tion is now confined exclusively to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Ar-
nold,] and if the previous question is not again
ordered, the substitute, as well as the original
bill, will still be open to amendment.
The question recurred upon agreeing to the
amendment of Mr. Arnold to the substitute pro-
posed by Mr. Littlejoiin.
The amendment of Mr. Arnold was to add to
the substitute the following:
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted, That ns a military
work, and to facilitate tiie defense of the northern frontier,
and to enable gunboats and vessels-of-war to pass fiom the
Mississippi to Lake Michigan, and to promote the com-
merce between the different States and the United States
and foreign nation*, the President of the United States be,
and he is hereby, fully authorized and empowered to deepen
and enlarge the Illinois and Michigan canal, supplymgthe
same with water fiom Lake Michigan, and to improve the
navigation of the Illinois and Des Planes river in such man-
ner as to insure a safe and uniutetrnpted navigation be-
tween Lake Michigan and the Mist-ussippi river, at all tunes
during the season of navigation, lor gunboats, s-t< amboats,
naval and war vessels of the United States not drawing over
six feet of water, the plan of which f-hall be submitted to
and approved by the President of the United States. The
President may, and he is heieby authoiized to, eontiaet
with the State of Illinois, or with any company incorpo-
rated for that purpose, to construct said works.
Sec. 17. Jlml be it further enacted, That to aid the State
of Jllinoi', or such company as may be Jneorpoiated for
that pmpose, in the const Miction of haul works, the sum of
$5,000,000, in bonds of the United States, payable twenty
years from their date, beaiing intoicM at the rate of mx per
cent, per annum, to be made and issued in t lie uMial manner,
the interest and principal of which said bonds to be payable
out of any moneys to be hereaiter appropi Kited by Congress,
shall be deliveted by the Treasuter of the United States to
the State of Illinois, upon the following conditions, to be
assented to by the Legislature of the State of Illinois, and
which shall be embraced in a eontiaet between the United
States and said State ot Illinois, belote the deliveiy of any
of hatd bond-?, to wit: First, that the said canal and nvers,
when improved, shall be and remain forever ftcc fiom toll
or charge by the vessels, guuboats, transpoits, tioops, ma-
terial of war, and other properly of the United States. Sec-
ond, the State of Illinois shall, by its Legislatute, under-
take and eontiaet that that State, either by itself or through
gome company incorporated for that purpose, pioceed with-
out delay to commence, and, within u leasonable tunc,
complete, the said canal and river improvements in such a
way ua to insure such navigation as hoi einbelore mentioned
between Lake Michigan and the Mississippi river. On com-
pliance with which conditions, and in execution of sueh
eontiaet between the United Slates and the State of Illinois,
the Secietary of the Tieasuiy In directed to i&mic and de-
liver said bonds in manner following, to wit: the amount
of $500,000 in bonds shall be dchveied upon the conclud-
ing of said contiact with the State or Illinois; and when-
ever there shall have been expended upon said woiks the
sum of$l ,000,000, and the same shall be certified and sworn
to by the chief engineer of said woiks, an additional sum
of $500,000 in bonds, as afoiesaid, shall be deliveied lo^iid
State ; and so on for every million dollais expended upon
eatd woiks and certified and verified to the Seeictmvof the
Tieasuiy, as aforesaid, the sum of $300,000 in bonds shall
be issued and dcliveied until the whole amount of said
$5,000,000 shall have been delivered for the purposes of
aiding in constructing said works as aforesaid.
Mr, WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for the
yeas and nays upon agreeing to the amendment
to the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Thequestion was then taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 49, nays 99, not voting 34;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Allison, Anderson, Ar-
nold,Baily, Baxter, Blow, Bout well, Boyd, Brandeaee, Wil-
liam G. Brown, Coffroth, Ilemy Winter Davie, Donnelly,
Eden, Farnsworth,Gnnnell, Hale,Hall,Chailes M.llairts,
Higby, Asahcl W. Hubbard, ingei&oll, Julian, Fiaucis W.
Kellogg, Knapp, Loan, MeBrtde, McCluig, Moruson, Nor-
ton, Price, William li. Randall, John H. Rice, Robm-on,
James S. Rollins,Ross, Scoiield, Shannon, Smith, Sirouse,
Stuart, Ehhu B. Washburne, Wilder, Wilson, Window,
Benjamin Wood, Fernando Wood,and Woodluidge—49.
NAYS—Mes^is, Alley,Ames, Ancona, Ashley, Augustus
C.Baldwin, John 1). Baldwin, Boamau, Blaine, Broomull,
James S. Brown, Chanler, Ambrose W. Clark,Clay. Cobb,
Cole, Cox, Cravens, Ciesweil, Thomas T. Davis, Dawes,
l)awson, Deiuson, Dixon. D iga% Eckley, Edgeuou. Kld-
ridgc, Ehot, Engli-h, Fmtk, Fi.ink,Gannon ,Gai field,Gooeh,
Gnder, Harding,Ilariington, BenjaminG. Hasris, ilohnan,
John H. Hubbard, Uulburd, Jenckes, Philip Johnson, Kalb-
fleisch, ICasson, Kelley, Orlando Kellogg, Kernan, King,
Knox, Lazear, Le Blond, Littlejohn, Long, Longyear, Mar-
vin, Mclndoe, Samuel F. Miller, William 11. Miller, Moor-
he.id, Month, Daniel Morn41, Amos Myeis, Noble, OdHl,
Charles O'Neill, John O'Neill,Patterson, Pendleton, i'om-
eroy, Pruyn, Iladtnrd, Samuel J. Randall, Alexander H.
Rice,Edward II. Rollins, Schenck, Scott,Sloan, Smither.-,
Spalding, John B. Steele,William G. Steele,Stevens, Stiles,
Sweat, Thomas, Townsend, Tracy, Upson, Van Yalken-
burgh, Wadsworth, Ward, William B. Washburn, Web-
ster, Wheeler. Joseph W. White, Williams, Winfield, and
Worthington—9Q. *
NOT VOTING—Messrs. William J. Alien, Blair, Bliss,
Brooks, Freeman Claike, Deming, Dumont,Grisvvold, Iler-
riek, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Hutchin*. William Johnson, Law,
Mallory, Marcv, McAllister, McDowell, MeKinney, Mid-
dleton, James It. Moins, Leonard Myers, Nelson, Orth, Per-
ham, Perry, Pike, Rogers, Stair, Thayer, Voorhees, Wha-
ley, Chilton A- White, and Yeaman—3-1.
So the amendment to th§ amendment was dis-
agreed to.
The question recurred upon agreeing to the
substitute proposed by Mr. Littlejohn.
Mr. LITTLEJOHN. I ask unanimous con-
sent of the House to amend tiie second section by
striking out the words Charles B. Stuart, of the
State of New Yoik, civil engincei,and in case of
the death, or any disability, or refusal to act of
said Stuart, then such other civil engineer as the
President shall deem it expedient to appoint,"
and inserting in lieu thereof the words " two civil
engineers;" so that the section will read:
Sec. 2. Jltul be it further enacted, That the President
shall appoint a topograhic.il engineer, to be associated with
two civil engineer^ to make such preliminary examinations
and suiveys, and from them shall determine and locate the
loute of bind canal; and the said engineers shall make and
liie in the office ot the Secietary of War a survey, map,
and profile of said canal when thus located, and before the
work thereon shall be commenced.
I do this at the request of several members. It
is due to Mr. Stuart to say that his name was
placed in the bill without ins knowledge, or con-
sent, or desire.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Would
it be in order to move to inseit" League Island?"
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. Not at this stage.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Then I
must object to any amendment.
Mr. LITTLEJOHN. Then I will move the
amendment and have a vote of the House upon
it. And 1 now call the previous question upon
the bill and the pending amendments.
Mr. ELDllIDGE. 1 rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move to reconsider the vote by which.the
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Arnold] was rejected; and I move to lay that
motion on the table.
Mr. FAIINSWORTH called for the yeas and
nays on the motion to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken upon laying the
motion to reconsider on the table; and it was
agreed to.
1 Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
lay the whole .subject on the table.
Mr. PRUYN. I hope the gentleman from Il-
linois [Mr. Wasiibitrne] and tiie gentleman from
New York [Mr. Littlejoiin] will waive their
motions and let this subject go over.
Mr. LITTLEJOHN." I cannot consentto that.
The question recurred upon agreeing to the
motion to lay the whole subject on the table.
Mr. ROLMAN called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GRINNELL. I move that the Housedo
now adjourn.
Mr. BROOKS. I would inquire what effect an
adjournment would have on this bill.
The SPEAKER. It will come up to-morrow
morning, immediately after reading the Journal.
Mr. LITTLEJOHN. Is there no privileged
subject that will have precedence?
The SPEAKER. A report of a committee on
conference is the only matter that will take prece-
dence.
1 Mr. LITTLEJOHN. I understand that there
; is a conference report to be made in the morning.
I tiust the friends of this measure will dispose of
it now.
The question was then taken on the motion to
adjourn; and upon a division—ayes 40, noes 80
—it was not agreed to.
The question rccurred on the -motion of Mr.
Washburne, of Illinois, to lay the whole sub-
ject on the (able.
The question was taken*, and it was decidcd in
the negative—yeas 51, nays 95, not voting 3G; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Blow, James S. Brown. Wil-
liam O. Drown, Cox, Cravens,Cie^well, Dawson, Denton,
Eden, Eldridgc, Fitiek, Ganson, Gnder, Hale, Hall, Haul-
ing, Harrington,Benjamin G. Ilnrrte, llolman, PluitpJohn-
son, Kelley, Knapp. Lazear, Le Blond, Long, William H.
Millei, James It. Morris, Morrison, Amos Myers, Noble,
Charles O'Neill, John O'Neill. Pendieton, Pike, Pruyn,
Samu&l J. Randall,William 11. ltaitdall, Robinson, Scofiekl,
Scott,WilliamG. Steele,Stiles,Thomas,Tracy.Wadfworth,
Elihu B. Washbnriie, Webster, Joseph W. White, Wil-
liams, and Benjamin Wood—ol.
NAYS—Me&sr-. James C. Allen, Alley, Allison, Ames,
Arnold, Ashley, Daily, Augustus C. Baldwin, John I). Bald-
win, Carter, Beaman, Blaine, Boutwell, Boyd, Biandcgee,
Brooks, Bioomall, Chanler, Anibiose W. Clark, Cobb, Cole,
Thomas T. Davis, Dawes, Dixon,Donnelly, Driags, Ei klcy,
Edgeiton, Eliot, English, Fainsworth, Frank, Gaifiehl,
Gooch, Grinnell, Gri&vvold, Charles M. Harris, Heiriek,
Iliuby, Hooper, A&ahel W. Hubbard, John H. Ilnbbatd,
Ilulbtud, Ingeisoll, Jenckes, Julian, K:\lb0cibch, Kasson,
Fianeis W. Kellogs?,Oilando Kellojfe, Kurnan, Knox, Lit-
tlejohn, Loan, Loimyear, Marvin, MeBi ide, Meding, Mc-
lndoe, Samuel F. Milh-i, Morrill, Dani-l Morn-, Noito.i,
Odell, Pattei^on, Poineioy, Pnee, Uadioid, Alexander II.
Rice, John II. Rice, Edwaid II. Rollins Ross, Sehrnck,
Shannon, Sloan,Smithers, Spalding, John B, Steele, Ste-
vens, Strouse. Stu.u t, Sweat,Townsend, Upson, Van Val-
kenburgh, Waid, William B. Washburn, Wheeler, Wilder,
Wilson, Wmdom,Wmfield, Fernando Wood, Woodbudge,
and Worthmyton—9o.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. William J. Allen, Anderson,
Blair, Bliss, Fieoman Claike,Clay, Cofl'roth, Henry Winter
Davis, Deming, Dumont, Hotchkiss, Ilutchins, William
John&on, King, Law, Mallory, Marcy, McAllister, Mc-
Dowell, MeKinney, Middletoti, Moorhead, Leonaid Myers,
Nelson, Orth, Peiham, Peny, Rogers, James S. Rollins,
Smith. Starr, Thayer, Vooihees,Wlialey, Chilton A. White,
and Ycatnau—36.
So the motion to lay on the table was not
agreed to.
Mr. HOLMANmoved that the House adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question then recurred on seconding the
demand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered, there being on
a division—ayes eighty-eight, noes not counted.
The question then recurred on the amendment
of Mi. Littlejoiin to the substitute.
The amendment was agreed to.
The substitute as amended was agreed to.
The bill as amended and the preamble were
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading; and
being engrossed, were accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. LITTLEJOHN demanded the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordeied.
Mr, HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 95, nays 51, not voting 36;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Alley, Allison, Ames,
Arnold, Ashley. Baily, Augustus C. Baldwin. John D. Bald-
win, Baxter, iieamau, Blame, Boutwell, Boyd, Brandcgee,
Brooks, Bioomall, Auibiose W. CUik, Cobb, Coic,Thomas
T. Davis, Dawes, Dixon, Donnelly, DiiL'g*, Eekley, Eiiger-
ton, Eliot, English,' Farnsuoith, Fiank, Gaificld, Gooeh,
Grmnell, Gii^wold, Chailes M. Harris, Heirick, lligbv,
Hooper, Asahel W. Ilubbaid, John II. Hubbaid, iluibtird,
Ingei>olJ, Jenekes, Julian, Kalbttaisch, Kaf.sou, Kelley,
Fiancis W. Kellogg,Oi I undo Kellogg, Kei nan, Knox, Little-
john, Longyear, Alarvm, MeBnde\ MeCltirg, Mclndoe,
Samuel F. Miller, Mori ill, Daniel Morus, Notion, Charles
O'Neill, Patteison, Pomeroy, Puce, K.idl'ord, Alexander
II. Ricc, John 11. Ilice, Edwaid II. Rollins, Ross. Schenck,
Shannon, Sloan, Snuthers, Spalding, John 13. Steele, Ste-
vens, Strouse, Stuart, Sweat, Towiisend. Upson, Van Val-
kenburgh, Ward, William B.Washburn, VVhaloy, Wheeler,
Wilder, Wilson, Wmdom, Wmfield, Fernando Wood,
Woodbridge, and Woithington—93.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, James S. Brown, William G.
Brown, Chanler, Coffroth, Cravens', Cre&well, Dawson,
Denison, Eden, Eldridge, Fmck, Ganson, Gnder, Hale,
Hall, Harding, Hairington, Benjamin G. Hams, Ilohnan,
Philip Johiibou, Ivnapp, Lazear, l^e Blond, Loan, Long,
William II. Miller, James R. Morris, MonUon, Amos
Myeis, Noble, Odell. John O'Neill, Pendleton, Pike,Ptuyn,
Samuel J. Randall, V\ ilhain II. Hand.ill, Robinson, Scofield,
Scott, William G. Steele, Sulev, Thomas, Tracy, Wads-
worth, Eliliu B. Washburne, Webster, Jo eph W. White,
Williams,and Benjamin Wood—5i.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. William J. Allen. Anderson,
Blair, Bliss, Blow, Freeman Clarke, Clay, Cox, llemy
Winter Davis. Dcnung, Dumont, Hotchkit s, Ilutchins,
William Johnson, Kiii<r, Law. Mallory, Maiev, McAllis-
ter, McDowell, MeKinney, Middle ton, Moot head, Leonaid
Myers, Nelson, Oith, Peiham, Perry, Rogers, James S.
Rollins, Sin nil, Stair, Thayer, Voorheea, Chilton A. White,
and Yenmaii—36.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. LITTLEJOIIN moved to reconsider the
vote just taken; nnd also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
