548
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
the morning business, unless superseded by some
other measure ?.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would.
Mr. TRUMBULL. X hope the Senator from
Massachusetts will not ask to take up anything
which will interfere with that matter. It ought
to be settled, and settled at once.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not think this resolution
of mine will take five minutes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it is a resolution of in-
quiry, and nobody objects to it, and nothing is
to be said about it, of course I would have no ob-
jection to its being taken up.
Mr. SUMNER. It is simply a question be-
tween the Senator from Maryland and myself as
to the form of the proposition.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let me ask the Senator
from Massachusetts if he does not intend to dis-
cuss it.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am inclined to think that
that resolution will give rise to discussion, because
there is an amendment proposed by the Senator
from Maryland, which will probably lead to de-
bate.
Mr. SUMNER. The question between the
Senator from Maryland and myself is simply one
of form, and my statement on that I can make in
JLess than a minute. I will not transcend a min-
ute, and will allow the Senator from Maryland
five times that.
Mr. SHERMAN. All I desire is that I may
be enabled at one o'clock to get the attention of
the Senate to one or two bills from the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I mustinsiston the order
of business.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the Senator from Illi-
nois will allow ltie to say a single word, there are
other Senators who feel as much interest in the
subject alluded to as the Senator from Massachu-
setts or the Senator from Maryland, and desire to
say something upon it. I propose to say some-
thing myself.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then it is manifestit will
lead to debate, and the Senator from Massachu-
setts will not persist in it, I suppose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no further
morning business, the unfinished business of the
morning hour of yesterday will now be taken up,
being Uie^oint resolution (H. It. No. 126) de-
claring certain States not entitled to representation
in the Electoral College, the pending question be-
ing on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from New Jersey, [Mr. TknEyck,] to strike out
the word " Louisiana" in the preamble.
Mt-. DOOLITTLE. Upon that question the
honorable Senator from New York, [Mr. Harris,]
whom I tlo not now see in his seat, was upon the
floor when the Senate went into executive session
^Thc V?CE PRESIDENT. That has no refer-
ence to the order of business.
B1UDQE ACUOSS THE OHIO RIVElt.
Mr. POWELL. I move to postpone the pend-
ing and all prior orders for the purpose of taking
up Senate bill No. 392, to provide for building a
railway biitlge across the Ohio. My object is
not to urge its present consideration, but to make
it the spe< in I order for to-morrow. It is a bill of
very great importance to the public generally.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky moves to postpone all prior orders with
a view of taking up the bill indicated by him.
Mr. TltU.VlBULL. I hope that will not be
done. The Senator from Kentucky surely knows
the importance of this resolution that we have
reported from the Committee on the Judiciary.
Let us dispose of that. It relates to a matter
that is immediately upon us.
Mr. POWELL. 1 only ask to take it up for
the purpose of making it the special order for
some future day. I do not wish to press its con-
sideration now.
Mr. TflUMBULL. I have no objection to that.
I he motion to take up the bill was agreed to.
Mr. POWELL. 1 now move that it bo post-
poned to and made the special order of the day
tor to-morrow at one o'clock.
Air. SHERMAN. Before that motion is put
1 desire to say that there arc one or two appro-
priation bills that 1 feci it my duty to press on
the attention of the Senate, so that they may not
incumber us at the last of the session. I do not
think this bill in regard to a bridge across the
Ohio ought to be made a special order. It will
give rise to debate. The Senator from Kentucky
can call it up at any time without making it a
special order. I hope, therefore, that the Sen-
ate will not make this bill a special order, as it
may interfere with important public measures.
Mr. POWELL. If it interferes with the Sen-
ator's appropriation bills 1 shall not urge it on
that day. I know the necessity of passing the
appropriation bills, and I do not wish to antag-
onize this measure with them.
Mr. SHERMAN. Put it off to some day next
week.
Mr. POWELL. Then I will move that it be
postponed to and made the special order of the
day for Monday next, atone o'clock, if that will
suit the Senator.
The motion was not agreed to.
KEPRESKNTATION IN ELECTORAL COLLEGE.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I now insist on proceed-
ing with the unfinished business.
The Senate, asin Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the joint resolution
(II. R. No. 126) declaring certain States not en-
titled to representation in the Electoral College,
the pending question being on the amendment of
Mr. Ten Eyck to strike out the word "Louis-
iana" in the third line of the preamble to the
resolution.
Mr. HARRIS. Itisproper, perhaps,Mr. Pres-
ident, that I should say that the question as to the
power of Congress to legislate in relation to the
counting of votes for President and Vice Presi-
dent was not considered by the Committee on the
Judiciary. The question there was as to the form
of the resolution and as to the recitals in its pre-
amble. Since the discussion of this question in
the committee, I have been led to doubt exceed-
ingly whether it is competent for Congress to
legislate at all in reference to the counting of the
votes. The Constitution authorizes Congress to
fix the time for choosing electors. It also em-
powers Congress to specify the time when those
electors shall perform the functions of their office,
when they shall vote*, and, so far as I can find in
perusing the Constitution, that is the extent of
the power of Congress over the subject. It fixes
the time when the votes shall be counted, and it
dec-lares that, in the presence of both Houses of
Congress, the Vice President shall open all the
certificates returned—it is careful to specify that
he shall open them all—and the votes shall be
counted.
I cannot find in the provisions of the Constitu-
tion any authority for Congress to pass a law (for
this amounts to that) excluding any votes that
shall have been returned to the Vice President.
I do not see how it is possible. I am not pre-
pared to say that in case the rebel States had sent
votes here which would be controlling in the elec-
tion, that in such an extreme emergency as that
Congress would not be called upon to do some-
thing—what, I am not prepared to say; but in this
case I am clearly of opinion that even though
Congress may possibly have the power, it is in-
expedient for us by legislation to declare that
these votes shall not be counted. I doubt the
power very much; butof the inexpediency of ex-
ercising any such power, if it exists, I am very
clear.
I hope, therefore, that this resolution will not
be adopted. I believe there is no necessity for it;
and until an extreme necessity arises 1 am not in
favor of exercising any such power. Whether
these votes are counted or not, it is conceded the
result will be the same. Why should we exer-
cise such an extreme power as this, one so doubt-
ful, as it must be conceded to be, to declare in an
net of the national Legislature that the votes of a
certain number of States shall not be counted?
The power is not to be found in the Constitution,
I am sure.
But, sir, if the Senate shall be of opinion that
such a law as this is called for, then I am opposed
to the recitals in the preamble to this resolution.
It seems to me that these recitals are not strictly
true. At any rate, I am riot prepared to assert
that they are true, it is tme that the States spe-
cified did rebelj the first part of the recital is true;
but that the inhabitants of those States and the
local authorities of all of those States were in a
state of armed rebellion on the 8th day of No-
vember, the day of the presidential election, I
am not prepared to assert. On the contrary, I
choose to leave that question open. I think it
ought to be left open until the question as to
whether or not the Senators who are now apply-
ing for admission here from the State of Louisi-
ana shall be admitted shall be brought before the
Senate. I do not like to have that question pre-
judged by a recital in the preamble of this reso-
lution. I am therefore opposed to the resolution
on both grounds. 1 think it inexpedient to pass
any such resolution, and I am not prepared to as-
sert the truth of the recitals in the preamble.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, 1 can see
very clearly that there is a great distinction be-
tween Congress exercising the power of legisla-
tion by providing in advance in what manner the
electoral votes of President and Vice President
shall be given, and a law of Congress which,
after the votes are said to have been given under
existing laws, by its retroactive effect declares
that certain votes are null and void. The dis-
tinction is as wide as the world; it is as wide as
the east is from the west. I concede that Con-
gress could pass a law, and I believe such a prop-
osition was pending at the last session of Con-
gress, providing that certain States or certain peo-
ple in a State of insurrectionshould not have the
legal power to castelectoral votes for President or
for Vice President; but no such law was enacted.
The laws as they existed were permitted to stand;
and now, after it is Baid votes have been given,
for Congress to assume to declare that those votes
are null and void, and shall not be counted, is
altogether a different thing; and the point which
was taken by my colleague when this question
was up yesterday I think is fatal in that view of
the case.
But, sir, I have very serious doubts whether
Congress is clothed with any power over the sub-
ject of the counting of these electoral votes. The
Constitution prescribes what powers Congress
shall have:
"The Congress may determine the time of choosing the
electors, and the day on which they shall give their votes ;
winch day shall be the same throughout the United States."
In pursuance of that provision of the Consti-
tution, Congress have passed an act on the sub-
ject, in the following words 
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the date of the act?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. January 23, 1845:
i( Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United Slates of America in Congress assembled, That
the electors of President and Vice President shall be ap-
pointed in each State on the Tuesday next after the first
Monday in the month ot November of the year in which
they are to be appointed: Provided, That each State may
by law provide tor the filling of any vacancy or vacancies
which may occur in its College of Electors when such col-
lege meets to give its electoral vote : Jiud ptovided alsoy
When any State shall have held an election for the purpose
of choosing electors, and >ha!l tail to make a choice on the
day afoiesaid, then the electors may be appointed on a .sub-
sequent day in such manner as the State shall by law pro-
vide."
Here by this act of January 23,1845, Congress
did exercise the power with which it is clothed
under the Constitution of determining the time of
choosing the electors and the day on which they
shall give their votes, which day, by the Consti-
tution, must be the same throughout the whole
United States.
What is the provision of the Constitution on
this subject? The provision as it now stands is
contained in the twelfth article of the Amend-
ments to the Constitution, and is in these words:
"The electors shall meet in their respective States and
vote by ballot fur President ami Vice President, one of
whom, at least, shall not be an inhabitant ol the snme
State with themselves : they shall name m their ballots the
person voted for as Pre&ident, and tn distinct ballots the
poison voted for as Vice J\e uleni, and they shall make
distinct IMs of all person? voted for as Piesident, ami of
all pej.M>ns voted foi as Vire President, and ol the number
of votes lor each, which lists they shall sign and eeinly,
and transmit sealed to the seat of the Government of the
United States, duected to the President t>i the Senate."
The Constitution provides for all that, for the
giving of the votes, for the counting of the votes,
the sealing up of the votes, and the transmission
of the votes into the hands of the President of the
Senate. Then what is to be done with them? It
does not say that Congress shall have any thing to
do with them, that Congress shall say what votes
the President of the Senate shall count or shall not
count, that Congress shall have any power to an nul
any one of these votes that arc sealed up and sent
