1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
549
to the President of the Senate. Congress is clothed
with no authority whatever over the subject.
They come to the President of the Senate. Cer-
tainly it will not be said that the House of Rep-
resentatives have any control over the President
of the Senate, but the House of Representatives
are essential to constitute a Congress. Possibly
you might argue that because they are sent to the
President of the Senate, the President of the Sen-.
ate presiding over the Senate, he might in some
measure, by appeal or otherwise, be subjected to
the decision of the Senate; but certainly the Blouse
of Representatives has no control over it. But
then the Constitution provides:
"The President of the Senate shall, in presence of the
Senate and House of Representatives"—
The Senate and House of Representatives meet
together in joint convention, the President of the
Senate presiding over the convention, and the
Constitution then says what shall be done with
the votes:
" The President of the Senate shall, in presence of the
Senate and House of Representatives, open all the certifi-
cates"—
Not open such as Congress tell him to open,
but the President of the Senate shall " open all the
certificates" which are sent to him—
"and the votes shall then be counted."
Iieie arises, Mr. President, under our Consti-
tution, one of the most grave questions which,
under certain circumstances,could possibly aiise;
and that is, whether the President of the Senate
presiding over this jointconvention of the House
of Representatives and the Senate, is, by the Con-
stitution, made the sole judge as to what votes
shall be counted or not; or whether, being the
President of the joint convention, he is in some
measure, by some kind of parliamentary law not
expressed in the Constitution itself, to be sub-
jected to the control of that joint convention.
Practically the question arose m 1836 on the vote
of the State of Wisconsin. The law provided that
the vote should be given on a certain day. Jn
consequencc of an extraordinary storm in that
State, it was impossible to cast the vote on the
day prescribed; the votes were not given on that
day. The question arose whether the votes of the
State of Wisconsin should be counted. Who was
to decide that question? Who, in the first instance,
was to decide whether the votes of Wisconsin
were void or were good? Was it the Congress?
Was the Committee on the Judiciary of the Sen-
ate to report upon it and Congress to pass a law
about it, to decide that the votes of Wisconsin were
valid or invalid ? Not at all. The Constitution
says the President of the Senate shall open the
votes and count them; and upon the President, in
the first instance, is the responsibility. He, and
he alone, is to decide. But then arises the other
question, whether from his decision there is an
appeal to the body over which he presides? That
question arose in 1857. It was a grave question,
and as it was not necessary that it should then be
decided in order to dispose of the result of that
election, the question was neither decided by the
President nor by the joint convention over which
he presided. The question was waived just as
everybody and every judge and every mbunal
who acts wisely will always waive a question
when it is unnecessary to be decided. If, in the
decision of the Died Scott case, the court had only
decided the questions which were necessaiyto be
decided, we never should have heard of such an
opinion as that which has convulsed the country
from one end to the other by the dogmas that are
contained in it and the unnecessary opinions that
were given.
In 1857, whether the votes of Wisconsin were
to be regarded as valid or invalid did notaflfect the
result, and therefore the Piesidentoftheconven-
tion declared that if the votes of Wisconsin were
counted Mr. Buchanan was elected; if they wcie
rejected Mr. Buchanan was still elected; and hence
it was not necessary to decide the question whether
they should be counted or not. So, too, in this very
case, which is to come off in the next joint con-
vention, we all know that whether the votes of
certain States, Louisiana and Tennessee, are
counted or not counted, does not affect the result;
and it is not necessary for Congress now to as-
seit a doctrine which in some futuie time may be
the very destruction of the Government, namely,
that a political majority in Congress can decide
that certain votes of certain States shall be can-
celed and others shall be received. It will never
do to set that precedent. We had better follow
the Constitution as it is written. Let the votes
that are sent to the President of the Senate be
opened by the President of the Senate, who pre-
sides over the joint convention of the two Houses;
and then, if it be not necessary to decide this ques-
tion, it is better that it should not be decided any
more now than it was in 1857. It will be time
enough to raise the question in the joint conven-
tion; and whether that joint convention has, from
the fact that the President of the Senate is to pre-
side over it, a power of appeal from his decision,
with a power to reverse his decision according to
parliamentary law, or whether the members of
both Houses are called there simply as witnesses
to the fact, without the power of appeal from his
decision, ls a very grave question under the Con-
stitution itself, upon which I do not propose to
express an opinion.
Mr. President, as I said in the beginning, even
if Congress had some power under the Constitu-
tion to regulate the manner in which these votes
should be given, they have no power under the
Constitution in this mode to annul votes or de-
clare void votes that have been given. But, sir,
it is not my purpose to take up the time of the
Senate-, 1 have simply expressed in brief words
my opinioir.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, it is refreshing at
the present time to hearanybody urge any special
measure in a contrary direction to the provisions
of the Federal Constitution. It seems to me ihat
upon this question, if upon no other—a question
upon which depends the continuance of the Gov-
ernment—it is necessary to adhere to the Con-
stitution, and to look for it and see if we have any
guide or direction in that instrument. I foresaw
this evil, and I introduced at the last session of
Congress a joint resolution directing in advance
what should be done; but, for some reason or
other, (owing to the press of other business, prob-
ably, certainly not more important business,)
that resolution was not acted upon. It struck
me at that time—and I have not lost any of the
strength of that conviction now—that it was one
of the most important measures that could pos-
sibly be presented to the consideration of Con-
gress, and it was not then without the range of
possibility or probability that on that question
might depend the very continuance of this Gov-
ernment. No one could have known to the con-
trary of that at the last session; for let me sup-
pose that the result of the presidential election
might have been determined by the votes of these
States who have now proposed to oiler them. 1
think there are three of them, Tennessee, Louis-
iana, and Arkansas; let me suppose that, in No-
vember, the votes of these three States had decided
which way the majority was, would the party
against whom they Voted have submitted? I tell
you nay, sir. If the counting of these votes had
determined the result of the presidential election
U would have deluged this land in blood, and
another civil war would have followed, just as
certain as that we have one now on hand. My
friend from Michigan [Mr. Ho ward] shakes his
head. Why, sir, what caused the piesent rebel-
lion? Nothing at alt in comparison with this.
My friend from Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittle]
says that Congress has no power over tins sub-
ject. It would be one of the strangest things Lhat
ever occurred on earth if it had not the power.
The provision of the Fedeial Constitution is that
no member of Congress or any person holding an
office of profit or trust under the Federal Govern-
ment shall be an elector. Suppose when the two
Houses meet'in convention to count the votes it
is palpable to them that the electoral votes of some
States were given by members of Congress, has
Congress no power to say that they shall not be
counted?
But, sir, the Constitution is not so silent on this
subject as my friend from Wisconsin seems to
imagine; for iheHection ofPiesid^ntand the mode
of counting the votes is one of the means and
measures by which the national life is to be pre-
served. If this is not followed, carried out, and
executed, there is an end to the Government;
there is no President elected, and the whole fabric
falls to chaos. Now, is it within the range of
possibility or probability that the frimers of the
| Constitution were so derelict, so blind, as not to
have provided that there should be some mode of
conducting, and conducting; legally, the machinery
of this great measure which is essential to the
very life of the nation? No, sir. The Constitu-
tion would have been one of the most imperfect
things that was ever crcated Without some pro-
vision of this sort, and accordingly I find that the
framers of the Constitution made the mostample
provision for exactly this case. I find in the Con-
stitution a clause declaring that Congress shall
have power " to make all laws which shall be ne-
cessary and proper for carrying into execution
the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested
by this Constitution in the Government of the
United States." Is not the power to choose a
President one that is vested in the Governmentof
the United States? It is the most essential power
that there is; without it all the other powers are
nothing; and the Constitution says that for carry-
ing into execution this power thus granted Con-
gress may make all laws which shall be neces-
sary. It seems to me that it would be impossible
to frame in broader or more comprehensive terms
a provision which shall give Congress exclusive
jurisdiction over this matter than that which I
have just read, and it is found on the 10th page
of Hickey's Constitution.
Well, sir, what would be the common sense,
and what the reason of the thing? what does
Congress m'eet for when the votes are counted?
Is it to sec as a matter of curiosity how the thing
is done? Is it to go there to see the Constitution
trampled upon and not have the power to remedy
it? Is it when they see jhat there is danger of
the Constitution being violated, that they shall
not provide by law against it? It seems to me
that to say that Congress has no power, is to say
that the Constitution itself is a dead letter, inop-
erative, and of no force.
I remember very well, Mr. President, and you
probably remember it, although at this moment
I do not recollect whether you were present or
not, the occurrence that took place in 1857 on the
counting of the votes. I remember that I was
then utterly astonished at the announcement made
by some of the Senators, who are not now mem-
bers of the body. I may name Mr. Mason of
Virginia, and I think others concurred with him,
who expressed themselves utterly indignant that
there should be any attempt to settle anything in
that joint meeting. "State rights" reared up
its hydra head, and was shocked at the idea of
State sovereignty being trampled under foot by
the doctrine of the supremacy of a majority, and
so nothing was done; the thing passed over.
Now, I contend that it is the part of wisdom
before the emergency comes to settle this ques-
tion. There never was a more favorable time for
its settlement than the election of 1856 presented,
and there will be none more favorable than this
election presents. It is the part of sagacity, of
wisdom, and of patriotism, when we see thatsuch
a contingency as this may be fraught with the
consequences of revolution to provide beforehand
against it. There never was a time when you
could do it, when you would be less liable to tho
charge of any sinister influence, because it cannot
change the result, it cannot determine anything
except to settle the principle; and then when an oc-
casion occurs that evil consequences may follow
from settling it one way or the other, here will
be a precedent showing that Congress at a time
when there was no inducement to anything but
an honest and a straightforward decision of the
case maturely settled it, and settled it in such a
manner that the influence of the decision will be
morally binding upon our successors, and will be
preserved.
Mr. President,suppose that someof ourTerri-
tones had organized a State government and were
not yet recognized by the Congress of the United
States; suppose that the young State of Nevada,
which has lately done herself so much honor and
the Senate so much benefit by sending to it the
illustrious men that she has sent—suppose tjiat
Nevada, impatient of the colonial condition, had
undertaken to cast her vote for presidential elect-
ors before she had gone through the forms of the
Constitution requisite to constitute her one of the
, States of the Union, would it not be competent
| for Congress in that case to say that the vote of
j Nevada should not be counted ? If not, there is
| no limit, no control, no jurisdiction anywhere to
\\ exclude the votes of any persons that may take
