1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL" GLOB®.
1W
the proposed amendment to the Constitution. 1
take issue upon this point, and J maintain that
an excise tax upon raw products intended to be
shipped to foreign countries will prove disadvan-
tageous, if not absolutely disastrous, both to the
producer and the Government, and that the ex-
port is far preferable, viewed from any stand-
point whatever. Let us analyze the processand
effect in the case of cotton, as an example, assum-
ing that it is but fair to apply the same arguments
to ajl other articles of large export.
Practically, an excise tax should be as far re-
moved from the source of production as possible;
the more remote the less the burden, the nearer
it comes the more oppressive it grows. Govern-
ment. deiives to-day a very large revenue from
distilled spirits, malt liquors, and wines; but
should an attempt be made to tax the corn, the
barley, and the grapes outof which thesearticles
arc made the effect would be most disastrous. To-
bacco in its manufactured state pays a very large
revenue with perfect ease; but if a tax should be
laid on the leaf I predict that production would be
greatly discouraged and the revenue correspond-
ingly diminished. So, sir, if you lay an excise upon
cotton you increase immensely the difficulties of
production, and must of necessity dimmish the
amount produced. The export tax which 1 have
stated cotton would bear amounts to twenty-five
dollars per shipping bate, and the attempt to col-
lect that amount by excise tax on each plantation
before the cotton could be removed for sale would
prove an intolerable burden to the producer. The
small farmer, with a crop of only forty bales,
would be compelled to raise §1,000 m coin or law-
ful money before he could send a pound of his
cotton to market; and the large planter, with a
thousand bales, would have to.make an advance
of $25,000, beside all the cost of'production, be-
fore he could realize a penny in return. Such a
system of taxation would be destructive; it would
placc the enterprising producer, who most of all
deserves the patronage and protection of the Gov-
ernment, under a perpetual moitgage,and would
subject him to the exactions and heavy charges of
the speculative usurers who would at once spring
up to feast and fatten upon his capital and his in-
dustry. The law which would permit that would
be reckless of the highest interests of agriculture,
commerce, and the general prosperity of the coun-
try.
And now, sir, a glance very briefly at the other
side. Let cotton be relieved from all excise tax,
and let it be bought and sold and freely moved
from point to point within our own country with-
out tax or charge of any kind whatever. Let the
planter carry it to maiket without any hinderance,
and when it reaches the point of exportation,
having passed from the hands of the producer into
the possession of the capitalist or speculator, let
the Government, as it is placed on shipboard for
transportation to foreign maikets, exact Us tax of
five cents per pound. Collected there and then,
it comes from those who are able to pay it, who
pay it just on the eve of realizing its return on
the other side of the water from the pockets of
foreign buyers, and who pay it in a way that does
not embarrass or oppress the producer nor tend
to decrease production.
Not the least advantage, Mr. Speaker, in this
mode of collecting the tax, is the cheapness with
which it can be done. The points of shipment
of cotton are so few that you may count them on
your fingers, and the tendency, owing to the con-
verging of water courses and railroad lines, is
agamst any increase in the number of these ports.
The same officers of customs that are already
there to collect your tariff duties can perform the
labor of collecting the export duties without a
dollar's additional expense beyond the salaries of
a few extra clerks that the increase of business
might demand. Compare with this the vast ex-
pense of sending an army of excisemen through-
outail the cotton and tobacco plantations, and you
will find that the sysrem of export duties would
effect a saving of millions to the Government,
simply in the mode of collection. And, sir, you
could invent no more offensive system of taxation
than would be involved in sending your Govern-
ment agents to every rural home in the planting
regions to interrogate the farmer as to the num-
ber of bales in lus cotton crop, or how many
pounds of tobacco he had raised. The officials
who should perambulate the country on such
errands would acquire in popular opinion as bad
a reputation as C)r. Johnson in his dictionary
fastened on the English exciseman—" an odious
wretch, employed to collect an unjust tax."
The great statesmen whom I quoted in the
earlier portion of my remarks as against the in-
sertion of this prohibitory clause in the Consti-
tution,"among other grounds of opposition to it,
stated that an export tax might be necessary " for
the encouragement of domestic manufactures."
Sir, this result would be realized in its fullest ex-
tent if cotton should be subjected to an export tax
of five cents per pound, leaving that consumed at
home free of duty except the excise tax which
would be levied upon it in the various forms of
its manufacture. With this vast advantage in
the raw material we should cease to wrangle here
about tauffs, for we could in our home markets
undersell the fabrics of Europe, and should soon
compete with them in the maikets of the world.
The export tax, as compared with the excise,
would thus prove beneficent to all the interests of
our country, stimulating the production of the
raw material, and developing the manufacturing
enterprise of the land in a ratio compared with
which the accomplishments of the past would
seem tame and inconsiderable.
The amendment which 1 am advocating, Mr.
Speaker, is not a snap judgmentagainst the inter-
ests of the southern States, to be hurried through
here in the absence of their Representatives for
frar their presence might defeat it. If there be
any logical truth in the views I have so imper-
fectly presented, it is the interest of the planting
States to have an export tax, and were those
States fully represented on thisfloor to-day 1 have
no hesitation in saying that they would from ne-
cessity and self-interest support this amendment.
And for this obvious reason, sir: it is evident to
every one that when this war is over and the
Federal authority firmly reestablished, cotton
and other southern products must pay their fair
share of the national revenue, and the choice is
simply between an excise tax and an export tax.
With such an alternative no one can doubt that
the South would choose the export duty as the
least burdensome and most advantageous to its
peculiar local interests. The industrial system,
the financial case, the vital prospei ity ot the plant-
ing States, would demand an export tax in pref-
erence to any other that could be laid on their
products by the Federal Government.
In the future of our country, Mr. Speaker, the
great task and test of statesmanship will be in
the administration of our finances and the wise
distribution of the hardens of taxation. We be-
gan our career as an independent nation without
money, without credit, and with an oppressive
load of debt. But a great genius in the person
of Hamilton evoked order out of chaos, gave
stability to the Government, imparted confidence
to the people, and established public credit on so
firm a basis that until the breaking out of this
wicked rebellion we had scarcely known an hour's
serious embarrassment to our national Treasury.
Unless we are guided by counsels of wisdom we
may not be so fortunate in the future as we have
been in the past. An immense amount of money
will be required to meet the interest on our na-
tional debt, to maintain our Army and Navy even
on a peace foundation, and to defray the ordinaiy
expenses of civil government. The revenue for
these objects may be raised so injudiciously as
to cripple and embarrass the commercial arid in-
dustrial interests of the whole country, or on the
other hand the requisite tax may be so equitably
distributed and so skillfully assessed that the bur-
den will be inappreciable to the public. Whoever
as Secretary of the Treasury shall accomplish the
former and avoid the latter result, must be armed
with a plenitude of power in the premises. He
must have open to him the threegieat avenues of
taxation—the tmiff, the excise system, and the
duties on exports; and must be empowered to
use each in its appropriate place by Congies-
sional legislation. At piesent only two of these
modes of taxation are available, and the absence
of the thud, in the language of an eminent states-
man already quoted, "takes from the General
Government half the regulation of trade." it is
for Congress to say whether the people shall have
an opportunity to change the organic law in this
important respect, or whether with a blind disre-
gard of the future we shall rush forward reckless
of the financial disasters that may result from a
failure to do our duty here.
Mr. COX. 1 will now yield for a short time
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ste-
vens,] who desires to be heard. How long does
the gentleman want? 1 merely desire to hold the
floor that I may call the previous question.
Mr. STEVENS. I will not take long. I do
not know that 1 should have spoken atall on this
subject if it had not been for the extraordinary
speech of the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Blaine.]
I did not know that the Committee of Ways ana
Means had absorbed any business that did not
belong to them. I did not know that they had
asked for anything that was not referred to them.
I am sure the subject to which the gentleman
refers has never been taken from the Judiciary
Committee.
Mr. WILSON. That subject was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary gome time during
the last session. At the commencement of this
session the same subject was referred, in a reso-
lution offered, I think, by the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Davi^J to the CommitteeofWays
and Means at the suggestion of the"*gentleman
from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill.] Of course the
.Pommittee on the Judiciary considered itself dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
subject.
Mr. STEVENS. We did not so consider it.
The mailer was referred to us, but we were will-
ing to see what the Committee on the Judiciary
would do.
Mr. WILSON. We considered the action of
the House equivalent to a discharge.
Mr. STEVENS. The Committee of Ways
and Means had no desire to act upon the subject.
We were quite willing to leave it where 1 think
it very fairly belongs.
As to the division of the Committee of Ways
and Means into various committees, it does not
become us to say anything upon that subject.
It does not affect us. it will affect the next
Congress, and I have no doubt that whoever is
Speaker then will make a proper selection of mem-
beis of the committees, i do not feel any interest
in the matter at nil. 1 do not know whether my
colleagues on the committee do.
1 do not know, however, whether I understand
the proposition. 1 do not know whether u is
proposed to abolish the Committee of Ways arid
Means altogether or whether some portion of its
duties arc to be taken from it. 1 do not know
whether it is proposed to retain the old name of
the "Committee of Waysand Means,if with some
curtailment of the duties of that committee, or to
abolish it altogether. I think it quite proper that
there should be a Committee on Banks separate
f  om the Committee of Ways and Means. I Uiink
also that the committee on the Pacific railroad
may as well become ti standing committee, as
that subject has now become a permanent part of
the legislation of the counti y. Therefore I think
the report of the committee on rules thus far meets
with the appi o bat ion of the Committee of Ways
and Means—at least I suppose so; 1 do notknow
that there is any opposition to it.
The only doubt 1 have in regard to it is the
proposition to separate the duties ot finance from
those of appropriations. 1 have some doubts as
to the propriety of that. I have no desire myseff
to have it one way or the other. Certainly the
labors of the committee would be very much,
lessened by it. But the two subjects seem to
be very properly connected; and I have soms
doubts as to the propriety of separating them.
In the other branch of Congress the two sub-
jects are united in the same committee; yet I
think the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox] is
sincere when he says that this matter has not
tbeen prompted by any action of the present com-
mittee. 1 think, therefore, the only question is
whether there should be a distinct committee on
appropriations, distinct from the general Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. As I said before, so
•far as I am concerned I do not expect to trouble
, the Committee of Ways and Means or the House
at the next session of Congress upon any of these
subjects, 1 hope there will be a Speaker who^wili
make judicious selections. If the ptesent Com-
mittee of Ways and Means have been in any way
inappropriately formed,which 1 do not understand
the gentleman to say, I have no doubt at all the
next House will correct the source of all tha|
