£50
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
-it into their heads that they have a right to vote
at the presidential election.
I was not much struck by the suggestions made
by the honorable Senator from New York [Mr.
Harris] that it would riot be competent for Con-
fress to exclude the vote of the State of New
ork. I have, I think, as high a regard and re-
spect for New York as anybody in the world has,
not excepting even the Senator himself; but that
very thing has been done heretofore even in re-
gard to that State. If the Senator will take the
trouble to look at the table of electoral votes for
President and Vice President, cast since the adop-
tion of the Federal Constitution, he will find that
at the first election, when George Washington
was elected President of the United States, the vote
of the State of New York was not counted; she
had no voice in that election. The precise man-
ner in which that was done does not appear; but
1 have before me the table of electoral votes for
President and Vice President of the United States
for the term commencing March 4, 1789 and ter-
minating March 3, 1793, and I find that the States
which voted were, New Hampshire, Massachu-
setts, Connecticut, New Jersey, Pennsylvania,
Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, South Carolina,
and Georgia. North Carolina and Rhode Island
did not vote, because they had not then adopted
the Constitution; but eleven States had adopted
it, and New York was among the number; and
yet for some reason which does not appear on the
. face of the table, the tremendous occurrence which
the Senator from New York holds up to-day as
such a bugbear actually occurred, and in count-
ing the votes on that occasion there were no votes
counted from the State of New York.
It is the dictate of the plainest common sense,
independent of the constitutional provision, that
there must of necessity be a power residing some-
where to preside over, rectify, and govern this
whole transaction; and although it would have
been wise in my humble judgment for Congress
to have passed this resolution preceding the pres-
idential election, it by no means follows that
it may not do it now. This law is not subject to
the reproach of being a retrospective or retro-
active act. Congress does not propose to say
that any State shall not express iis opinion. All
that Congress proposes to say now is that these
States being in a condition wheie no valid, no
constitutional election was held, their votes shall
not be counted; and if we cannot do that, it seems
to me that we are powerless to do anything.
Mr. TRUMBULL obtained the floor.
Mr. DOOLtTTLE. I desire to say a word in
reply to the Senator from Hampshire.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator prefers
speaking now, i will yield the floor for anything
personal.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator from New
Hampshiie stated me rather strongly as having
expressed the opinion that Congress had no power
over this subject. I did aver that Congress had
powerover it, for the Constitution gives them cer-
tain powers over the question of choosing elect-
ors, but it limits that power. The Constitution
says that "each State shall appoint, in such man-
ner as the Legislature thereof may direct, a num-
ber of electors equal to the whole number of Sen-
ators and Representatives to which the State may
be entitled in Congress; but no Senator or Repre-
sentative, or person holding an office of trust or
profit under the United States, shall be appointed
an elector." Now I ask the Senator from New
Hampshire if he believes Congress has power to
appoint or to direct the manner of the appoint-
ment of the electors when the Constitution says
that they shall be appointed as the Legislature of
the State may direct?
Mr. HALE. Certainly not.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. « Certainly not." The
Senator agrees with me, then; theie are certain
powers that Congress have not got over this sub-
ject; but the Constitution goes on to say what
powor Congress shall have. 44 Congress may
determine the time of choosing the electors, and
the day on which they shall give their votes" after
they are chosen, u which day shali be the same
throughout the United Slates." It does say in
substance that Congress shall not do some things,
because it provides that the Slates shall direct the
manner of the appointment of electors, whether
they shall be chosen by the people at large, oi
appoiuted by the Legislature, or chosen in sepa-
rate districts, or in whatever way the State may
direct. There is merely the power in Congress
to determine the day on which they shall be
chosen and the day on which they shall give their
votes. When Congress ha£ done thatit has passed
laws to carry into effect this power under the
Constitution, and all the rest belongs to the States.
My honorable friend seems to condemn this
doctrine for which I contend as if it was a part
and parcel of that State rights doctrine which has
involved the country in this civil war. 1 believe
just as much in the rights of the States as they
are secured under the Constitution as I do in the
rights of the Federal Government as they are
also secured by the Constitution, I believe in the
rights both of the States and of the Union; and
the party in this country that shall undertake to
aver that the States have not rights secured to
them under th$ Constitution will go against the
whole history of this Government from the be-
ginning. Such a party has had but a short his-
tory in the past, and will have a shorter his-
tory in the future, for when this war is over and
the necessity for the cxercise of tremendous pow-
ers by the Government to defend its existence in
this conflict is past, 1 tell you that the doctrine in
favor of reserving to the States all the powers
which are secured to them under the Constitution
will be the popular doctrine and the necessary doc-
trine to save the liberties of this people and of this
country.
Mr. President, 1 am for giving this Govern-
ment all the power which is conferred upon it by
the,Constitution,andnot for giving it more. This
country is too large, it covers too many and too
varied interests, to endure the establishment of the
doctrine that this is one consolidated empire, and
that this Congress and this Government can ex-
ercise unlimited power of legislation over all the
interests of this great people. But, Mr. Presi-
dent, while I say this and assert it, 1 am just as
much opposed to the State rights doctrine run
mad to Calhounism, and all the consequences
that have followed from it, as the Senator from
New Hampshire is or can be. Under the Con-
stitution as it is I am for maintaining the rights
of the States as they are secured by it, with just
as much tenacity as X am for maintaining the
rights of this Government against States or indi-
viduals when they undertake to rebel against it.
Now, Mr. President, what I maintain under
this provision of the Constitution is that, after the
votes have been given, there is no powerin Con-
gress as a legislative body to declare certain votes
valid or invalid.' Congress is not the tribunal to
which the question is referred; but the tribunal
to which it is referred is the President of the Sen-
ate of the United States presiding over the joint
convention of both Houses. I admit that the
President of the Senate has in his hands the
power in the first instance to count or not to
count the votes. He is to decide whether he is
to receive the votes; in the first instance to decide
whethey they are votes coming up from States or
from Territones.
The Senator put the question, suppose one of
the Territories should send up votes, what would
you do? I will take the case that he supposes
and presume that the Territoiy of Montana should
send up, sealed under the seal of the Territory of
Montana, three votes for President and Vice Pres-
ident. The President of the Senate is to open the
votes and count them in the presence of the Con-
vention; but the votes which he is to count are
the votes which come from States; and as he opens
the votes coming from Montana he says, "These
are not votes of a State; this isaTerritory claim-
ing to be a State; I do not count these votes;"
and then arises another question. Suppose some
other person should insist in the Convention that
Montana instead of being a Territory was a State,
perhaps he could raise the question then on an ap-
peal from the decision of the President to the joint
body in Convention assembled, the Senate and
House of Representatives. There is the tribunal.
There the President of the Senate alone counts
the votes, or it is the body over which he presides,
having a power over his decision by appeal in the
final resort, to decide the question. That is what
I have contended for.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not suppose when
the Senator fium Wisconsin insisted upon taking
the floor, that he designed makinga speech on the
question generally, but I thought it was merely
to reply to some remarks of the Senator from
New Hampshire.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will say to my honor-
able friend that I had spoken on this question and
the Senator from New Hampshire went into a
long speech in reply to me, and I replied to him
taking up some of the points that he discussed.
I did not intend, of course, to trespass on my friend
from Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 am sorry,Mr. President,
to see any manifestation of feeling on the part of
any member of the Senate in reference to this
question; it is not one to excite any.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My honorable friend does
not understand that 1 manifest any personal feel-
ing toward anybody on this question certainly.
That I feel an interest in the question,as a grave
question, I do not deny. 1 take an interestin all
these questions, and generally have feeling.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Wis-
consin will allow me to go on, I shall say nothing
unkind of him, I am sure, and I did not suppose
that he had any personal feeling in regard to any
one. I thought he manifested a great deal of zeal,
and I admit 1 was a little afraid thathis zeal might
run away with his better judgment.
Now, sir, this is a question that no one, I ap-
prehend, can have any other desire than to have
settled properly and rightly. 1 am a little sur-
prised at the course taken by my friend from New
York, [Mr. Harris.] He is a member of the
Committee on the Judiciary, and I certainly un-
derstand him to agree to this resolution as reported
by that committee. However, he has a right to
change his views, I suppose; but the matter was
pretty thoroughly discussed in the committee,and
I certainly did understand that he was in favor of
the resolution, though I was aware he did not like
the words of the preamble. That, however, we
have amended.
Mr. TEN EYCK. In the absence of the Sen-
ator from New York, I beg leave to state that I
did not understand lum as agreeing to the pream-
ble to the resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from New
Jersey misunderstands me. I said the Senator
from New York agreed to the resolution distinctly
in committee. He objected to the preamble. Does
the Senator from New Jersey mean to controvert
that?
Mr. TEN EYCK. I do not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not in order
to refer in debate in the Senate to the proceedings
of committees.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 intended to state the
matter as it was. 1 was taken a little by sur-
prise at the opposition manifested by the Senator
from New York.
But, sir, both the Senator from New York and
the Senator from Wisconsin doubt the power of
Congress to pass this resolution, and they place
themselves upon the Constitution. The Senator
from Wisconsin insists, as also does the Senator
from New York, that the Vice President, or the
Presiding Officer of the Senate, is to determine this
question in the first instance. The Constitution
does not say that the Presiding Officer of the Sen-
ate shall count the votes even, and in the practice
of the Government since the days of Washing-
ton till this moment the Vice President never has
counted the vote. The Constitution says, " The
President of the Senate shall, in presence of the
Senate and House of Representatives," do what?
"Open all the certificates." That is what he
shall do. Then what follows ? " And the votes
shali then be counted." By whom? Another
clause in the Constitution already referred to de-
clares that Congress shall have authority to pass
all laws necessary and proper to carry into effect
every one of the granted powers. The power to
count the votes is given by the Constitution; the
mode of doing it is not prescribed by the Con-
stitution; but another clause of the Constitution
says that Congress shall have power to provide
by law for carrying into effect every provision of
this instrument; and here is a provision of this
instrument that these votes shall be counted; the
manner of doing it is now determined by the
Constitution, and it is clearly constitutional and
proper for Congress, in the exercise of its author-
ity to carry into effect the granted powers of the
Constitution, to pass the necessary laws to count
the votes, and Congress has done it from the be-
ginning of the Government. If it were not so,
