1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
551
we should have revolution at every presidential
election.
Why, sir, is the ground to be assumed here
that South Carolina in a state of rebellion against
this Government, her people at war with us,and
it being declared by acts of Congress a felony for
any man to deal with those people, they being
forbidden to come within our lines or our people
to go within theirs, has a right to electa President
for us; and that we have no right to declare the
mode of counting the votes so as to exclude her
vote? Let me ask the Senators from New York
and Wisconsin is the State of Louisiana to-day
in any different position legally from the State of
South Carolina, or are the inhabitants of Louis-
iana it) any different position?
I have before me the statute of 1861, which pro-
vides that the President in a certain contingency
shall be authorized to declare the inhabitants of
a State in insurrection against the United States,
and what then? "And thereupon all commer-
cial intercourse by and between the same and the
citizens thereof and the citizens of the rest of the
United States shall cease and be unlawful so long
as such condition of hostility shall continue,"
and all goods going into that State shall he for-
feited. And yet, forsooth, when the inhabitants
of Louisiana have been declared to be in this state
of insurrection, when goods taken there unless
under a particular license are forfeited by the
laws of the land, and when an individual trading"
there is taken up and tried as a felon, we are told
that we cannot determine by act of Congress that
they cannot elect a President for us!
Now,sir,it is said that the votcsof these States
will not affect the result. That may be so; we
may know outside that it probably is so; but this
war may last four years more. L trust in God it
will not; I do not believe it will; but suppose it
shall run four years longer, and the doctrine con-
tended for here is to obtain, how do you know
but that at the next presidential election your
President may be selected by these very States m
rebellion? Sir, I say to you here what 1 believe;
that if the result of the presidential election de-
pended upon the vote of Louisiana, I care not
which way it was cast, if tho pretended electoral
votes of Louisiana were to choose the nextPres-
identof the United States,after the 4th of March,
decided either way, it would produce a revolution
in this county unless you had some provision to
settle it by law in advance.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That is what I complained
of, that the law was not passed in advance. This
is retroactive, operating on votes already cast.
If you want to provide by a general law tor the
future, and declare generally that States m insur-
rection shall be incapable of voting, that is another
thing.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator admits
that we can do that he gives up the power; that
abandons the chicfarguinent of the Senator from
Wisconsin. If you could provide for it in that
way, you can provide, when the vote is offered,
for counting it or not counting it, and that is the
proper time to decide it. Suppose some other
question should arise in reference to the vote from
the State of Wisconsin when the votes areopened
by the PtcsidmgOflicer of the Senate on Wednes-
day next m the presence of the two Houses, how
is that question to be settled ? Does the Senator
mean to say that it is to be settled by a vote in
joint convention by appeal from the decision of
the Chair? I understand him to say so. Why,
sir, there is no such thing known to the Consti-
tution of the United States as an act of a joint
convention of the two Houses. They meet to-
gether, it is true; but the only mode to carry into
execution the powers of the Constitution is by
laws of Congi ess. They are not enacted in joint
convention of the two Houses; they are enacted
by the different branches, each acting within its
own sphere and concurring in the passage of an
act; and the only way that any question could be
settled in joint convention would be, if a question
arose, for the bodies to separate, and at last you
would have to settle it by iaw or by the action of
the two Houses in passing a concurring resolu-
tion.
But the Senator from New York thinks it in-
expedient a settle this question. It is because
of the exped.ency and the necessity of having it
settled in advance, that lam urging H upon the
consideration of the Senate at this time. How
will you settle it when you get in joint conven-
tion? The Senator from New York proposes to
count the votes. The House of Representatives
have sent us a resolution in which they say the
vote shall not be counted. Now, what is your
position when the vote is opened from the State
of Louisiana? You have a disagreement at once,
and can you ever count the vote ? I propose that
we have concurrent action in some shape before
the vote is opened; and 1 hold that it is entirely
competent and proper to settle the question in
advance; and it is not retroactive, it does not re-
late to the manner of casting the vote; and in this
case I will state for the information of the Senate
that the people of Louisiana have not voted for
electors of President and Vice President. There
has been no election of the people there voting for
electors; but a body of men in Louisiana assum-
ing to be the Legislature of the State of Louisiana
have appointed these electors—a Legislature that
was elected by less than nine thousand votes.
About eight thousand of the votcis of Louisiana,
out of more than fifty thousand, chose what they
call a Legislature, and that Legislature has elected
certain electors of President and Vice President.
There has been no vote of the people.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator, for information, whether the Legislature of
Louisiana was authorized by the constitution
recently adopted there to select electors in that
mode?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not remember whether
the constitution made a provision on that subject
or not, and 1 do not know that it would be mate-
rial.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It seems to me to be an
important question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am unable to answer
the Senator as to that question. I do not remem-
ber whether there is any provision in the con-
stitution adopted for Louisiana authorizing the
Legislature to choose the electors.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do nut think such a pro-
vision is to be found in the constitution of any
of the States; it is regulated by the Constitution
of tho United States.
Mr, TRUMBULL. The fact would be im-
material. I do not think there is any importance
in the suggestion whether the constitution of the
State of Louisiana provided for it or not. In fact
I do not think the constitution of a State could
provide for that. The electors in each State are
to be chosen, according to my recollection of
the Constitution, in the manner prescribed by
the Legislatuio of tho State, and therefore the
State constitution could not regulate it. In ref-
erence to that constitution in Louisiana and its
validity, and the recognition of that Legislature
in Louisiana, the whole question is an unsettled
one, upon which at this time I do not propose to
express an opinion. We have pending before
us, as is known to the Senate, the application of
two gentlemen for seats in this body, claiming to
have been elected Senators by the same Legisla-
tive ofLouisiana which elected the electors. That
question is yet undisposed of,and the view which
the Committee on the Judicial y took in reference
to this question was to report a concurrence in
the joint resolution from the House of Representa-
tives, changing the preamble slightly so as notto
declare that these people weie m a state of aimed
insurrection on the 8th day of November last. I
was not exactly satisfied with the preamble, even
as it now stands. I would have preferred it m a
little different form; but a majority of the com-
mittee insisted upon it in the form in which it has
been amended. I am not particular about it now,
but prefer for myself thatthe preamble should be
entirely stricken out. I do not core anything
about any preamble. What i wish to get at is
to dispose of the question as to what is to be done
with these votes brought up from the States of
Louisiana and Tennessee, for I umieist.ind Ten-
nessee has sent a vote hete as well as Louisiana.
Whether the other rebellious States, or the inhab-
itants of those States declared to be in insurrec-
tion, have attempted to send up votes, I am not
advised. The object which I have in view, the ^
object which the committee had, was to settle this |
question and avoid difficulty when we come to 1
act in joint convention in opening the votes; and
so far as the preamble is concerned, for one I
would quite as soon it was stncken out; but it
came to us from the House of Representatives, and
the committee thought proper to amend it, and
the amendment has been made, and I am willing
to take it the way it is, although I believe I should
be better satisfied if there were no preamble at all.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, it is no
doubt true that we are often wedded to particular
forms of expression, which we havepremeditated,
attaching importance even to the forms, because
we believe those forms are material to the sub-
stance which they contain and represent. Now,
sir, in relation to the general principle of the power
of Congress over this subject of voting for Presi-
dent and Vice President, I do not know any dif-
ference between the provisions of the Constitu-
tion in regard to it and its provisions on any other
subject, I understand that Congress is clothed
with power to make all needful laws to carry into
effect the powers granted by the Constitution to
this Government; and when the Constitution pro-
vides a mode of electing PresidentandVice Pres-
ident, I take it Congress have a rightto make laws
to carry those provisions into effect. I do not
mean laws to contradict them; I do not mean laws
inconsistent with them; I mean to make laws hon-
estly and fairly to carry into effect the declared
purpose of the Constitution. If a law was pre-
sented which was at war with the provisions of
the Constitution, under pretense of carrying them
into effect, there would be ground of objection-9
but I take itthatany law notinconsistent with the
provisions of the Constitution and which really
intends to carry them into effect, is entirely con-
stitutional. The sub ject has been legislated upon,
and necessity may show that further legislation
is required.
With these general remarks I come to the con-
sideration of this resolution. I have objections
to the form in which it is. I have great objection
to all particular legislation. 1 object entirely to
legislating of and concerning any State whatever
by name. 1 want all laws to be general in their
operation, general in their application. 1 want
them so made that every State shall become sub-
ject to their operation in a like contingency. Make
your laws genetal for the United States,and pro-
vide that in such and such contingencies a State
which falls within those contingencies shall besub-
ject to the operation of the law now and forever.
There is one other general piinciple which
should be borne in mind. It very much becomes
us, for consistency's sake as well as our own gen-
eral character as legislators, that we should legis-
late in view of the laws we have passed. We
should shape our laws with a view to what wo
have already passed into law, not forgetting that,
not overlooking it.
Now in relation to this resolution: its preamble
declates that certain States, naming them, or the
inhabitants of those States, were in a condition
of armed rebellion, and have continued in that
condition for a certain time, and then the resolu-
tion legislates of and concerning those Stales. I
think that is all wrong, all uncalled for. Let it
be remembered that in 1861 Congress passed an
act making a large body of provisions for the con-
dition of things which had then ari-en. It is an
act entitled "An act further to provide for the col-
lection otlduties on imports, and for oiher pur-
poses, ** which was approved July 13, 1861. In
the fifih section ofthatact, drawn,as I know, with
u gieat deal of thought and care, it was provided:
" That whenever the in pursuance of' the pro-
vision-. of the second section of the act entitled ' An actio
provide for calling forth the miliua to execute the laws of
the Union, suppiof-s insurrections, and repel invasions, and
to icpeal the art now in loree lor that purpose,' appioved
February i>8, 1795, shali have called foitli the. militia to
suppie-* combinations against the laws of the Untied States,
and to cau.-se the lawa to bo duly executed, and tho in-ur-
gent shall have faded to disperse by the time directed by
the I'lCsidcnt, and when baid insurgents claim to act under
the authority of .mv fcU.ite or State-., and such claim i. not
disclaimed hi repudiated by the prions exeicwm; the func-
tions. ot government in such Slate or Suites, or m the part
orpait thereot in which said combination exists nor such
Insurrection Miprire—ed by said Suite or State-., then and in
such ease it may and Miall be lawful lor the Piesident by
ptoclamatioti to declare that the inhabitants of such State,
oi any section or p.ut theieof, where s-uch indirection ex-
i-.ts, sue in a state ot insurrection against the United States j
and theioupon all commeieinl intercourse by a?id between
the same and the citizens thereof and the citizens of the
rest ot I lie United States shall cease and be unlawful so long
as «.ueh condition ot hostility shall continue ; and all goods
and eliatt' i>, waie^ and mciclmmhse, coming from said
Slate or st erton into the other p.ntsot the United Slatea,
and all proceeding to State or section, by land or water,
shall, together with the vcs&el or vehicle conveying the
same, oi conveying person* to and from such Stole or sec-
tion. by forfeited to United States."
