1318
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
is one clerk of the United States court, in Illinois
there are two. And in the neighboring State of
Oiiio it is the same. And in the States of Penn-
sylvania and New York there are three districts,
instead of one, as in Indiana. Now, we sun ply ask
that our court-house and post-office buildingmay
be completed.
And I beg leave to state in addition to what I
have said, that (he post office at Indianapolis is
a distributing office, and the people of the whole
State, the constituents of my colleagues as well
as my own, as well as the people ofthe surround-
ing country, are interested in the safety of the
mail matter collected in that office, and unless the
appropriation I have asked for is granted the
mail matter there will not be secure. I have al-
ready stated that the Secretary of the Interior
has recommended this appropriation, and the
Postmaster General has also recommended it,
and based his recommendation upon the consid-
erations which I have just mentioned, and I felt
very much in hopes that the Committee of Ways
and Means would have consented to this recom-
mendation witiiout any opposition.
I ask that the Clerk read Ihe papers I send to
the desk.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Department or the Interior,
Washington, D. C., February 8. 1865.
Sir : I have the honor to invito your attention to the ur-
gent necessity that exists tor certain improvements in con-
nection with the building at Indianapolis occupied by the
courts of the United States and their officers, the citypo&t
office, the Jand and other public offices.
The west and north sides of u face two streets, both of
which are central and frequented thorough/ares!, and the
. sidewalk of that part of them in front ot the building is
wlioily unpaved. By constant u>e it is reduced below its
origin.il lev« i, and during ram a pool of water i  formed.
A great deal of mud accumulates in wet weather, render-
ing access to the building difficult and unpleasant. The
large number of persons who are compelled to visit it pre-
vent, in this state of tilings, keeping iho vestibule where
Jettcrs- are delivered in a fit condition. A pavement—and
it should be of stone to bo in keeping with the building—
is. in my opinion, required for the convenient transaction
ot busmen and the proper accommodation of the public.
The partot the lot not occupied by the building  houid
be securely Inclosed and reserved lor the exclusive accom-
modation of the public officer-*. In its present condition
it is ot greater benefit to the owners of the adjoining prop-
erty than to the Government. v
The loof ol the building and the flues connected with the
heating apparatus are out ol repair.
My attention has been called to the subject by the Post
Office Depaitment,and on repealed occaMons by the mar-
shal ol the di>trict of Indiana ; hut I have no fund under
my control applicable to Hie r< quired improvements.
Light thousand dollars will he needed tor the purpose,
and i recommend to the Committee of Ways and Means
the appropriation ot ih.it amount. I submit a draft of a
section to be nicorpoiated m the miscellaneous, appropii-
ation bill, should my recommendation meet with the ap-
proval of the committee.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. P. USHER,
Seci etary.
Hon. TnAHDEU® Stevens, Chairman Committee of Ways
and Means} House oj Jlcjtrcsentatives.
Tost Office Department,
Washington, Febrtiaiy 9, 1865.
Sir: My attention lias been called to the inclosed com-
munication addicssed to you by the decretarv of the In-
terior, respecting certain improvement- and le'pairs needed
in the building at Indianapolis occupied bv the United
Mates couits and their officers, the citj po^ office, the land
and other public officer ; and I ti u* t the recommendations
ol the Secret,try on that subject will commend themselves
to the favorable consideration and appiovnf of your com-
mittee, and that ihe appropriation or $8,000 requested lor
that purpose may be granted.
- 1 am, very respeeilully, your obedient servant,
W. DENNISON".
Hon. Thaddeos Stevens, Chairman Committee of Ways
and Means, Housej>f Representatives.
The amendment of Mr. Dcmont was adopted.
Mr. SW EAT. i move to insert after the clause
relating to the custom-house at Portland, Maine,
the following:
Forbecurmg the right of way and buildlnj? a bridge across
S30!X>" lhU iUjrme "ear Portland, Maine,
STEVENS. I have no objection to that.
_ Mi. HOLMAN. That is rather legislative ill
Its character, I think. 1 raise the point of order.
Mr. SWEAT. This amendment is assented
to by the committee; a provision of this kind was
in fact omitted by accident.
Tile CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
The amendment was adopted.
Mi. MORRILL. 1 move to amend by striking
out lines three hundred and seventy-three three
hundred and seventy-four, and three hundred and
seventy-five, and by inserting after line four hun-
dred and eight the following:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby,
authorized and directed to purchase for the United Stated
an appropriate building site atlsland Pond or at some point
iioitheily of Island Pond aadsouth of the Canadian bound-
ary line, in the State off Vermont, and to cause to be
erected thereon a suitable building for the use of such of-
ficers of the customs as are or may be stationed at that
place: Provided, That the cost of such purchase and erec-
tion shall not exceed the sum of §10,000, which amount is
hereby appropriated for that purpose.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JENCKES. I move to amend by insert-
ing, after line three hundred and seventy-five, the
following:
For making the alterations and repairs in the custom
house, court-house, and post-office building at Providence,
Rhode Island, $1,500.
Mr. KASSON. There is no objection to that
on the part of the committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Ihavebeen
directed by the Joint Committee on the Library to
offer the following amendment:
Insert the following as a new paragraph :
To enable the Joint Committee on the Library to pur-
chase files of newspapers for the Congressional Library,
$1,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I move to strike out
lines three hundred and eighty and three hundred
and eighty-one, as follows:
For the purchase of a library for the use of the officers
of the Territoiy of Arizona, $5,000.
And insert in lieu thereof the following:
For the purchase of libraries for the use of the officers
of the Territories of Idaho, Montana, and Arizona, §7,500.
to be expended in the proportion of $2,500 for each Terri-
tory, and under the legislative authority thereof.
Mr. KERNAN, I ask a division of the mo-
tion, so us to take the question first on striking
out.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion to strike out
and insert is indivisible by a positive rule ofthe
House. The Clerk will read the rule.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" A motion to strike out and insert shall be deemed in-
divisible. "
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. KERNAN. I move to amend by striking
out the following:
For the pui chase of a library for the use ofthe officers of
the Territory of Arizona, $5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. In preparing the bill, the clerk
ofthe committee omitted one item which, by di-
rection of the committee, I now offer:
After line three hundred and eighty-one, insert the fol-
lowing :
For increase of the salary ofthe territorial iudgesof Ari-
zona, $1,000 each, $3,000.
This proposes simply to do for Arizona what
has already been done for other gold Territories.
It simply puts these several Territories on an
equality.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I raise a
point of order on that amendment, that it proposes
to change the existing law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
The Clerk read, as follows:
For compensation to John Hopleyfor services in index-
ing the national currency act, $100.
Mr. BOUT WELL moved that the appropria-
tion be stricken out.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Sec.—. *8nd be it further enacted, That the ninth sec-
tion ol the act entitled "An act making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government lor the year end-
in? June 30, 1864, and for thejear ending the 30th ot June
1863, and for other pui poses," approved March 3 186'^
appreciating tlmty per cent, ofthe cost of engrav/n<* the
special dies lor internal revenue stamps, not to exceed in
amount $-20,000, be, and the same is hereby, so amended
as to enable the Secretary of the Treasury to pay the con-
tractors, Butler & Carpenter, the said sum of $20,000 in
lull of all claims for indemnity.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike that out.
The committee was divided; and there were 
ayes 25, noes 38; no quorum voting.
Tile CHAIRMAN ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Messrs. Holman and Hooper.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 41, noes 54.
So the amendment was disagreed to. \
Mr. DAILY. I move to amend by striking
out the words " may be" and to insert " hereby
is," and to strike out the words " if the Govei nor
of said Territory shall so elect;" so that it will
read:
Sec. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the sum of
$20,000, appropriated at the present session of Congress to
defray the legislative expenses of the Territory of Nebra&ka
for the fiscal year ending the 30th day of June, I860, shall
and heieby i* appropriated for and applied to the payment
of the terutorial militia called into service by the Governor
of said Territory to protect the frontier settlements agrairist
the depredations of Indians in the fall and winter of the
year 1864; which sum shall be disbursed and paid by the
Governor ofthe Territory, who shall take vouchers there-
for ; and no other or further sum of money shall be appro-
priated to defiay the legislative expen-es for the year afore-
said. And the Governor as afoiesaid shall, within one
year, make a detailed report of his action hereon to the
Secretary of the Interior, setting forth the several sums
paid, and the names of the persons to whom paid, under
the provisions of this section.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN". I move to add the fol-
lowing as an additional section:
And be it further enacted, That the Sergeant- nt-Arms of
the House and the Secretary of the Senate be directed to
pay out ofthe contingent fund of the House and Senate to
the Members and Senators and Delegates from the Ter-
ritories in the Thirty Eighth Congress thirty three and a
third per cent, upon their present salaries; and Ihe sum of
money necessary to enable the said Sergeant-at-Arms and
Secretary ofthe Senate to carry out this provision is hereby
appropriated oat of any funds in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to add the following
proviso:
Provided, That this provision shall be submitted to the
constituents of members of Congress, and that the money
heieby appropriated shall not be paid until ratified by them.
The committee divided; and there were—ayes
60, noes 32.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment as amended was disagreed to.
Mr. KINNEY moved to add the following:
Jind be it further enacted, That the probate judge ofGreat
Salt Lake county, in the Terutory of Utah, be, and he is
hereby, authorized to enter in trust, at the minimum price,
for the sole use and benefit of the owners and bona fide
claimants, all that portion or tract of land on which Great
Salt Lake City is located, according to the recorded plan
of said city, under such rules and regulations as the Secre-
tary of the Interior may prescribe.
Mr. KASSON. Is that amendment in order?
Mr. KINNEY. I think that it is, for this bill
comprises almost everything
Mr. KASSON. It is not authorized by any
law and not germane to this bill.
Ihe CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and rules the amendment out.
Mr. WILSON. I move to add the following:
Provided, That the total compensation of United States
district attorneys shall in no case exceed S6.000 ner an-
num. r
I ask to explain the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. STEVENS. I am directed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to report the follow-
ing new section:
•And be it further enacted, Thatauthority to sell the prop-
erty known as the " Pennsylvania Bank Building" in ac-
cordance with the acts approved June 23, I860, section
two, and Maich 14, 1862, section five, is hereby confeired
upon the Secretaiy of the Treasury: Provided, That the
pioperty, if sold at public auction, shall not be sold at a
less &um than $110,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS moved;to add the following:
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to pay for the
building in I\ew York now occupied by the Government
as-a cu*tom-hoiiP< , and known as the " Merchants' Ex.
change," §1,000,000. iaX-
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. I now move the amendments
which the House has already passed attached to
the legislative appropriation bill,and which went
to the committee of conference. They were not
then agreed to because they had not been con-
sidered in the Senate, and in order that they mnv
be so considered we offer the amendments at this
place. They are for additional clerks in the
■treasury Department, for additional appropria-
tions for San Francisco, &c., which have been
read and passed upon heretofore.
Mr. PRICE. I should like to have some ex-
planation ofthe provision for paying extra com-
pensation to the clerks in the provost marshal's
omce here. \
