1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-555
suspended functions of their State government,
have reorganized a State constitution, have elected
State officers, and have put their civil government
into full execution and operation, and that fact
comes before us attested and undisputed, I inquire
whether, under the provisions of this law and the
proclamation of the President, it is necessary that
there should be an act of Congress passed in order
to establish the fact that these people have reor-
ganized and reassumed their ancient loyal func-
tions? I am as much opposed as any other Sen-
ator can be to the admission of Senators from the
State of South Carolina, if such a thing could oc-
cur, or to the electoral vote of the State of South
Carolina being counted in the Electoral College;
but, sir, if the fact appeared that that Slate, con-
trary to all its predispositions toward rebellion,
had resumed its loyal functions under the ancient
Union, and that there were a large body of loyal
people there, sufficient for the purpose of perform-
ing all their duties under the Slate government
and under the Government of the United States,
even South Carolina, polluted and covered over
as she is and has been with treason, might yet by
possibility be permitted to resume her position
upon this floor and have her electoral vote also
counted in the joint convention of both Houses.
Why, sir, I thought that this whole war, the ex-
penditure of thousands of millions of dollars and
of oceans of biood, was for the very purpose of
restoringthis Union and bringing back these shoot-
ing stars to their ancient orbits.
1 differ with the Senator from Michigan, who
would make the return of these States to the
Union attendant with the utmost difficulty. When-
ever 1 was satisfied that there was a tine, gen-
uine, loyal feeling among the inhabitants of any
of these States to repudiate their heresies and
return to their allegiance, and that there was a
sufficient body of them to justify the proceeding,
and to carry on all the essential, necessary oper-
ations of State governments, and to perfoim their
duties within the limits of the Union, I should be
disposed to extend the hand of encouragement to
the loyal people, alsvays saving and reserving
not only terms of indignation for the leaders, but
the privilege and firm determination of punishing
in the most condign manner the guilty authors
and leaders and instigators of the lebelhon. I do
not believe that there is any necessity for any
such act of Congress as has been referred to. I
do not believe that it is, at this time, under the
existing state of things, prudent, advisable, or
proper to throw these impediments in the way,
to make the return of these ciring States depend-
ent solely upon the wish and will of Congress.
Inducements have been held out to them by the
Executive, of the United States. I know that that
course of conduct on the part of the Executive has
been criticised; yet, at the same time, thc&e peo-
ple, who have been like drowning men struggling
in the midst of a storm, contending against then-
neighbors and their efforts to keep them in rebel-
lion, have seized hold of this offer or inducement
held out to them by the Executive of this nation,
and have proceeded in the common, legitimate,
lawful, and ordinary mode, m the mode in ac-
cordance with their ancient traditions, in accord-
ance generally with their constitutions and the
laws they had enacted in times past, to peiform
all the duties which good, loyal,and true citizens
should peiform, to manifest their devotion to the
ancient Union, and to leturn to the ancient ark.
Several of them have attempted this thing. Ten-
nessee has made some effoit toward it. Arkan-
sas has made an effort toward it. J, however,
having some familiarity with the case of Louisi-
ana, saw fit to select that m my motion of amend-
ment yesterday from the opeiation of this joint
resolution, considering it, from the knowledge I
had of the situation of these several States, as the
strongest case that could be brought to the con-
sideration of the Senate. It may not be so, but I
so regard it.
I understood the Senator from Illinois to-day
to take exception to the coursc pursued by the
people of Louisiana. He wished to know if it
weie possible that some eight thousand votes cast
in an election for the purpose of returning again to
their ancient allegiance could be sufficient where
the State had been in the habit of casting some
fifty thousand votes m other elections. 1 do not
understand the facts exactly as the Senator from
Illinois understands them. I will lead fiom a
paper furnished by a gentleman who is familiar
with these facts, and who has had something to
do in attempting to set this new State government
in operation. He states, in regard to the State
election:
" It was fixed for the 22d day of February, Three can-
didates were presented, and the canvass was general and
spirited, cach party su>tatning its candidates by public
meetings, precisely m the t-ame manner as m a State un-
affected by the revolution,
"Eleven thousand lour hundred and fourteen votes were
polled at this election.
'•The average vote for ten years previous to the rebel-
lion in these parishes was fifteen to sixteen thousand."
Surely if the average vote in the parishes that
voted at this State election in 1864 for the period
often years past did not exceed fifteen or sixteen
thousand, we may say that a full vote was cast
by the people of these parishes in February, 1864,
when they casteleven thousand four hundred and
fourteen votes, taking into consideration the wast-
ing effect of war upon that people, and the fact
that a large number of them had actually gone into
the rebel army.
"The. highest vote ever given [in the«c parishes] was in
1SG0, when the subject of the rebellion was couriered,
and the people were lepiosented by lour pi evidential can-
didates. The vote in that year was twenty-one thousand."
So that the votes cast in the State election of
1864 in these parishes amounted to more than one
half the whole number of votes cast in the presi-
dential election immediately preceding when there
were four candidates running, and when the ques-
tion of rebellion was being considered, and when
it is fair to presume that every voter who could
be brought to the polls was brought and his ticket
deposited.
i desire now to give the statistics of the vote of
the State generally for the purpose of putting the
facts right before the Senate:
"The lushest average vote of the Ptate of Louisiana in
ten yciii? past wa* ihitty-iour ihotiMind.
" The highest vote ever given w.i  about lllty-one thou-
sand.
" In ten years past the vole is even as low sometimes as
twenty-two thourvind."
" The ordtuaty vote of the city of New Orleans was six
or «even thousand pievious to the revolution.
" The highest vote ever given m tlie city was ten thou-
sand.
" in thc^e elections, therefoie, the vote actually polled
wa*- more than one third of the average vote lor ten yeais
past."
I was anxious to save the State of Louisiana
from theeffect of this joint tesolution. I feel as
anxious to save the State of Tennessee from the
effect of the resolution, because I cannot conceal
the fact that the Vice President-elect of the Uni-
ted States is a citizen of that State, If that State
be not a State in the Union, then he is an alien,
and I do not see clearly how an alien can take his
seat to preside over this body as the Vice Presi-
dent of the United Slates. Still, I did not see fit
to start that question or to discuss it, because I
had notfully looked into it, and considered it, so
as to justify me in attempting to detain the Senate
in any remarks which 1 might make on the sub-
ject.
There was another view that I entertained of
this case, and that was a motive which induced
i me to confine my amendment to the State of
j Louisiana. It was to avoid a committal on the
| subject, and to save the Senate from declaring its
! opinion befoiehand with respect to the eligibility
I of the Senators chosen by that State to occupy
I seats upon this floor. The Senator from Illinois
' difieis with me. lie thinks that by the passage
! of the resolution that question will be avoided,
1 that we shall not be committed upon it. 1 do not
: think so. 1 do not say that that is a sufficient
! reason to regulate and i ule the transactions of this
| body; ond yet I think we ought not in advance
I to commit ourselves on this subject. Why shall
we commit ourselves on the question ? If we
pass this resolution deelaung that the State of
Louisiana was in such a state of rebellion dui ing
; the year 1864 that 110 legal election could be held
• there, and even as late as the 8th of November
; of that year, then we declare that the Legislature
i of that State, elected m Pebtuary of the same
| year, was illegally elected. Then if we refuse
by this joint lesolution to allow the electoral vote
to be counted in the Electoral College on VVed-
; nesday tuxt, on the ground that this Legislature
| was lUc^lly elected, we preclude the question in
: relation to the election of these Senators, because
I they were clected by the same Legislature, in pur-
suance of a law enacted by themselves, under
the power conferred upon them by the Constitu-
tion to enact a law providing; for the election of
electors for President and Vice President of the
United States. So far from avoiding a decision
on this question, we, by our vote, if we pass this
joint resolution, prejudge and predetermine the
question in relation io the admission of the Sen-
ators from that State upon this floor, as well as
the admission of the members elected to the
House of Representatives.
I wish to avoid settling that question. It can
make no difference as to the result. The choice
of the people so clearly manifested during the last
election will be acknowledged, and ratified, and
carried out whether the votes of these States are
cast in the Electoral College or not. I should much
rather prefer leaving this question to be settled
and determined, if it should arise, in the Electoral
College, having faith in the good sense and honesty
of purpose of the representatives of the people in
both Houses, than to undertake to venture upon
a doubtful power, claiming that the Congress,
and the Congress alone, have the power to deter-
mine this question, and at the same time settle in
advance other questions which we shall be called
upon to settle hereafter, and which Senators on
this floor declare it is their wish to avoid.
I will not detain the Senate by any further re-
marks.
Mr. POMEROY. I am not opposed to the
object of this joint resolution, but rather to the
form in which it is presented. I do notsuppose
that States that are notreprescnted in either House
of Congress should have a representation in the
Electoral College. There seems to be an impro-
priety and an inconsistency in admitting their
votes and counting them*, but this resolution as
it is presented to us goes on to state certain things
about some of these States which are so far fiom
being true that they become almost offensive.
In the preamble of this resolution, it is said, of
Arkansas, for instance, among other States, " the
inhabitants and local authorities have continued
to be in aimed rebellion for three years, and were
so during the last election on the 8th day of No-
vember."
Mr. TRUMBULL. IftheSenatorfrom Kan-
sas will allow me, those words to which he refers
have been stricken out. The amendment reported
by the committee, striking out all after the words
" United States" in the preamble, and substitut-
ing other words in lieu of them, has been adopted.
Mr. POMEROY. Let me inquire if the words
substituted in lieu of them make any reference to
Arkansas?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Arkansas is left in in the
first paitof the preamble, to which, I presume,
the Senator from Kansas has no objection. It
now reads, whereas the inhabitants and local
authorities of the States of Virginia, North Car-
olina, South Carolina, Arkansas, and others, re-
belled against the Government of the United
States. The Senator does not deny that.
Mr. POMlillOY. Wo, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The rest of the preamble
is sti icken out, and a substitute lias been adopted,
the veiy object of which was to avoid this state-
ment upon which the Senator is commenting.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 am very glad to learn that.
I was not m my seat at the time that amendment
was adopted. So far from the local authorities of
the State of Arkansas having been in armed re-
bellion for three years, the authorities who did
rebel have not been inside the State for a year.
The rebel governor and legislature were driven
out long ago, and have not been back,and cannot
come back; some of them are dead, and never
will come back. I thought, with such a state of
facts as that, the statement in the preamble to this
resolution, that the State had continued m rebel-
lion up to the 8th of last November, was very in-
consistent.
lhit I want to say again that the State of Ar-
kansas has not voted at all in the presidential
election. There are no votes fiom that State.
Under the instiuctions and impressions that the
members from Arkansas received here last ses-
sion, they distinctly understood that States not
represented m either branch of Congress would
have no light to vute at the presidential election.
They returned to Arkansas and so reported, and
they never had any election; there arc no votes
here from that State. They have been in suspense
