1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
acres are covcrcd with mesquite trees, a sure indication of
rich ground, while willows and cotton trees grow luxuri-
antly in the vicinity of the river, the sloughs, and lagunas.
At soma places I noticed alkaline efflorescences, but they
are not extensive. U these places could be regularly over-
flowed, much of the salts would be earned oil'. It is well
known, moreover, that Indian corn and wheat grow well
in alkaline soil.
If the eastern boundary of the intended reservation runs
from the mouth of the principal slough at Halfway Bend
(the Indians call it Mad-ku-dap) in a direction nearJy north,
26° 30' east to Corner Kock. it will include an area of about
118 square miles, equal to 75,520 acres. Of this, 6 square
miles are Mesa laniH, leaving 112 square miles, or 71,680
"Seres, of valley land. One fifth deducted as eand land
leaves 90 square unless, or 57,600 acres, of bottom land or
Sight loamy soil. About one fourth of this, say 22 square
lulled, or 14,080 acres, is covered with mesquite trees.
A large mesquite tree yields sometimes several bushels
of beans. Supposing, then, that in this year every acre
produced five bushels, the crop would amount to 70,400
bushels, which with rabbits, lizards, tuli roots, the fish of
the ri.ver, the little wheat and pumpkins they can raise, and
the sale of hay, may give a precarious subsistence this year
to the ten thousand Indians for which the Government in-
tends to make piovision.
Hut, not taking into consideration that many Indians do
not relish mesquite beans, the mesquite trees do not bear
eveiy year, and agriculture depends entirely on the casual
overflows of the river. Last year the crops of the Indians
amounted to very little, and if the riverdoea not soon rise
it will be the same this year.
The most humane and cheapest way to provide perma-
nently lor the Indians, and educate at least their rising gen-
eration to useful labors, would be, in my humble opinion,
that the Government not only give them the land between
Halfway Bend and Corner l^ock, but also assist them in
digging an in igating canal from the Mesa toward Halfway
Bend. They would then become independent of the un-
certain lise and fall of the river, could iaise regular crops,
and would soon be able to sell a large surplus.
From Halfway ttend to the Mesa, I noticed at various
points that the ground slopes gently back fiuni the bank of
the river towaid the valley. The best proofs of this are the
numerous ^loughs. Ascending finally the Mes a and look-
ing down the valley, I was struck with the evident facility
with winch a canal could be dug to irrigate many thousand
acres of the richest soil, banen only for want of moisture.
Accoidmg to Lieutenant Ives's leport the fall from the
foot of the Mesa to Hallway Bend is fitly five feet, the
distance by land twenty-seven miles. The foot of the
Mesa seems to have been destined by nature for the head
Of a canal. The river flows to this point between lulls of
conglomerate, upon which freshets can make but little
impression. A few pilps would make an efficient wing-
dam. A helt of willows and ash trees should protect the
lower embankment for the first lew miles.
At the foot of the Mesa I estimated the difference of
level between the. bottom of the river and the top of its
Upper bank fourteen feet.
following the naiuiai level of the country, and giving
One toot fall to the mile, which is much foi a large body of
water, then, after fourteen miles of canal, all the land be-
tween the canal and the liver for the remaining thirteen
miles could be irrigated. If the canal weie at this point
only two tntles di>tant from the river, deducting one fifth
for sand land, 20 square miles, or 12,800 acres up to Half-
way Bend, could be irrigated. But long before the canal
has readied the fii ^-mentioned point, sloughs! could be
filled, depressed flats oveiflowed by branch ditches, and
mauv Indians could plant little patches along the embank-
ments of the canal while it is jn progress of construction.
Taking, now, twenty square miles as a minimum of
irrigable land at thuty bushels of Indian corn per acre,
they eould produce 384,000 hu^heb ; and at twenty bushels
of wheat per acre, 236.000 hu=hel*; one third of which,
even with the propensity of the Indians to waste, would
be more than sufficient for home consumption of ten thou-
sand -ouls, allowing to each of them, women, children,
and babies included, five hundred pounds of coin or giain.
How the canal should actually be hud out, how hianch
duehes and flood-gates have to be constiueted and distrib-
uted, what amount of enith the Indians have to remove,
what dimensions it should have—what, finally, the cost of
this canal would be, (probably less than one hundred thou-
sand dollars,) all this can only be ascertained by a system-
atic survey of the Valley for that special purpose.
Since for years accustomed m my profession to ascer-
tain scientifically if the plans conceived by practical men
can be executed, I feel some reluctance in making esti-
mates before I have reduced them to a thorough scientific
basis. The estimates of the amount of land to be reclaimed
from a desert, and its productiveness, are therefoie rather
underrated.
The foregoing considerations have convinced me that
the lands between Halfway Bend and Corner Rock are not
only suitable for a reservation, but, in my humble opinion,
are* in every jegard the best that could be selected in this
section of Arizona.
The diifeience of level between Halfway Bend and La
Paz is twenty-eight feet for a distance of nine miles bv
land, so that the canal could easily be continued from Half-
way Rend to the foot of the valley, changing La Paz from
*• the city of the desert" to the city of a terrestrial Eden of
laughing gaidens and waving gram fields.
lliave "the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obe-
dient servant,
ADOLPIIUS F. WALDEMAIt,
Chief Engineer.
Colonel Charles D. Poston, Superintendent Indian Af-
fairs, La Paz, Arizona Territory.
Irrigating: canals are essential to the prosperity
of these Indians. Without water there can be
no production, no life; and all they ask of you
is to give them a few agricultural implements to
enable them to "dig an irrigating canal by which
their lands may, be watered and their fields irri-
gated, so that they may enjoy the means of ex-
istence. You must provide these Indians with
the means of subsistence or they will take by
robbery from those who have. During the last
year I have seen a number of these Indians starved
to death for want of food. They were eating
the bark and leaves of trees, and also the lizards,
frogs, and snakes, so that it was impossible for
me to procure any of the great natural curiosities
of that country for the Smithsonian Institution.
It was a matter of ptofound regret that the nat-
ural history of Arizona couid not be illustrated in
thatdepository of natural science; butthestarving
condition of the Indians forced them to consume
the wonderful reptile productions of that country,
which, had a better fate been reiserved for them,
would have delighted my friend Professor Baird
and the many visitors at that fountain of science.
1 was especially charged to examine and report
upon the customs and habits of the grasshoppers
or locusts of the western plains, to determine if
they were the locusts of Asia, their mode of pro-
creation, subsequent length of life, and many
other interesting details; but alas for the lights of
science and opportunity of grasshopper fame!
these interesting insects had all disappeared down
the wide-spread gullets of my red children. The
Indian policy that I have the honor to present to
you is simple and plain—easily understood by
the Indians and not to be mistaken by the whites.
"We must have peace or war with the Indians,
and I propose to give them their choice. The
Indians that choose to be friendly with the Ameri-
cans and one another will move westward to the
reservation selected for them on the Colorado
river and betake themselves to habits of industry
and thrift. The Indians that reject the proffered
friendship mustgo eastward and mingle with the
barbarous Apaches and share their fate. It will
then be easy to draw the distinction between
friendly and unfriendly Indians. No American
and no friend of civilization will disturb or be
allowed to disturb the friendly Indians engaged in
the active pursuits of productive industry on the
Colorado reservation. Here they Will have a
resting-place and a home on the banks of the
river they have bathed in since childhood, and
with the generous aid of the gieat Government
whose hapless wards they are will soon become
a self-sustaining people. They will learn the
first great lesson that by the sweat of their brows
they shall earn their bread,and in due time reap
the reward that sweetens toil.
With an irrigating canal, the soil of the Colo-
rado will become wonderfully productive. In
that latitude the sun is over-genial; and the val-
ley, not having an altitude of more than three
hundred and fifty foet above the level of the sea,
possesses an immunity from snows and frosts,
so destructive to crops in more northern latitudes.
There is no reason why the valley of the Colo-
rado may not be made as productive as the val-
leyof the Nile. In thattemperature itonly needs
the vivifying influence of water to make the pro-
ductions of nature spring up like magic.
The system of irrigation is no new experiment;
it existed in Egypt before the Pyramids were
born; it was practiced in Asia before Confucius
wrote; it was brought to great perfection by the
Aztecs of America, when our ancestors were
dressed in skins and furs,and lived by the booty
of the chase; it is scientific agriculture, and the
only insurance against the uncertainties of a crop.
With a proper system of irrigation, you shall
surely reap where you sow; yea, even twice or
thrice per annum. The sediment of the Colorado
will plaster the wails of a canal and make them
impermeable to water; such is the beautiful arcana
of nature. On this river a lively commerce is
already springing up, and some half dozen steam-
boats plow its turbid waters. It is navigable
five hundred miles from its mouth, and its sources
drain the Great American Basin. The Indians
will have a ready market for the surplus produc-
tion at their very doors, and the friendly current
of the Colorado will bear it, untaxed, to market.
It will be necessary for the Government to fur-
nish the Indians with some intelligent superin-
tendence in opening their irrigating canal, and the
necessary implements of husbandry and seeds
to enable them to raise a crop. Then let them
work or starve; but do not force them to starve
or steal without first giving them a chance to
labor. It is a cruel thing to force men into a new
civilization without preparing them for itsdutiefc.
As the Americans come into the country rHe
wants of the Indians increase; but without aid
the means of satisfying these artificial wants are
not commensurate. Without tools a man is help-
less indeed. Wh%t would a man do without a
knife, an ax, a hoe, a spade, or a shovel ? He
could make very little progress in agriculture;
but tenfold is his power of production increased
with these simple implements of husbandry.
Among these Indians as well as all primitive
people the women are the " hewers of wood and
drawers of water," the very slaves of the lords
of creation. It is only where the light of Chris-
tianity and the spread of civilization illuminate
the pathway of a people that woman assumes a
position u a little lower than the angels." The
Indian women have to work out their salvation
in sweatand blood or, lacking food and clothing,
flock around a military post like moths around a
candle. The dusky maidens of the Colorado are
fast disappearing under the influences of these
debasing establishments of military power, and
soon their graceful forms and melodious voices
will be'only remembered in tradition and song.
The disappearance of a people is a melancholy
spectacle and bodes no good to us. The tide of
civilization is bearing them to eternity with the
same certainty that their native Colorado bears its
sands to the sea. On what distant shore they
will be stranded or saved is a mystery which they
do not attempt to penetrate. The smoke of in-
cineration floats away on the breeze and a few
charred bones and smoldering ashes are all that
remain of the " human form divine."
Ircteba, the great chief of these Indians, was
in Washington a year ago, on a visit to the Pres-
ident and the Army. He returned to his own
country much pleased with his visit to the Ameri-
cans. He told his tribe that it would be of no
use to go to war against the Americans; that they
were a great people, against whom the Indians
could never war successfully. He made an effect-
ive speech to them; and he and they agreed that,
if the Americans would deal with them fairly and
justly, and provide them with the means of ex-
istence, they would bury the scalps that they had
taken from one another; they would bury the
tomahawk, and would never strike an American
again. The responsibility now rests upon you.
The Great Spirit, which deals alike with the des-
tinies of the red man and the white man, will
judge between you. In the long muster-roll of
nations, which will be called after the echoes of
Gabriel's trumpet shall have died away, if it shall
be found that you have dealt fairly with your red
brethren on this continent, you will stand before
the Dispenser of universal justice acquitted of
crime. If, on the other hand, it shall be decided
that your track across the continent has been a
succession of wrong, without an honorable effort
at reparation, what terrible judgments may be
meted out to you ! We have always time to do
justice, and to delay itisacrime. It is especially
a duty to render justice to the weak and the help-
less. Be merciful to the degenerate, for in the
cycle of time our own doom may come.
It is not alone for the Indians that I ask your
generosity, however much may be their due; but
looking far beyond the present moment, it must
be apparent to every man who lifts his mind from
the struggle of the hour and indulges in a con-
templation of the grand future of our country,
that the settlement of the aborigines of the min-
eral Territories in reservations must precede the
active and full development of the great treasures
of the nation. It is to these great mineral fields
that the financiers of the Government and the
world are now looking for relief from the financial
embarrassments consequent upon a civil war un-
precedented in the history of nations. The idea
of discounting or repudiating the national debt
can never be indulged in for a moment while the
mountains west of the Sierra Madre are teeming
with mineral wealth. In order to allow scope
and verge enough for our hardy and enterprising
frontiersmen to prospect the mines of Arizona, it
becomes necessary to have the Indians colonized
in a reservation,so that a miner may know when
he meets an Indian in a lonely gorge in the mount-
ains whether he is a fnend or a foe.
It scarcely becomes me to allude to the subject;
but justice to the brave and hardy pioneers who
